Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H4007 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 10, 2015 No. 92 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 10 a.m. and was 
called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. J
OLLY ). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF SPEAKER PRO 
TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, 
June 10, 2015. 
I hereby appoint the Honorable D AVID W. 
JOLLY to act as Speaker pro tempore on this 
day. 
JOHNA. B OEHNER , 
Speaker of the House of Representatives. 
f 
MORNING-HOUR DEBATE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the order of the House of Janu-ary 6, 2015, the Chair will now recog-nize Members from lists submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate. 
The Chair will alternate recognition 
between the parties, with each party limited to 1 hour and each Member other than the majority and minority leaders and the minority whip limited to 5 minutes, but in no event shall de-bate continue beyond 11:50 a.m. 
f 
TSA REPORT CARD IS A GRADE 4 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. P
OE) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, TSA 
is the government agency that is sup-posed to keep us safe at airports, safe from would-be terrorists that would go through screening and get on Amer-ica’s airplanes. It comes about as a re-sult of the 9/11 attacks on our Nation. 
Anybody who flies has been through 
firsthand—no pun intended—the TSA experience at airports. I, like many Members of Congress, go through TSA screening two times a week, back and forth from my district in Texas. I know 
numerous TSA employees. Many of them are my friends. 
My comments today are not about 
the TSA employees, but recent news reports about what is taking place at TSA generally, and these news reports are disturbing, Mr. Speaker. 
Recent internal investigation has re-
vealed that 67 out of 70 times banned items got through TSA screening at airports through undercover investiga-tions. That is a 96 percent failure rate or, looking at it the other way, that is a grade of 4. TSA gets a grade of 4, Mr. Speaker. 
Now, one example, there was an in-
stance where a TSA screener failed to find a fake bomb strapped to the back of an undercover agent going through screening. This was even after the fake bomb set off the magnetometer. They still didn’t find it. Now, isn’t that love-ly? Good thing it was a fake bomb. For-tunately, this was a test. This was part of the undercover investigation. It was not a terrorist seeking mischief at America’s airports. 
There is more alarming news. Not 
just the fact that the investigation shows a grade of 4 in folks that are going through the security system, it is also reported this week that TSA failed to identify 73 airport workers who were linked to terrorism. Now, what is this? These are not TSA em-ployees. These are the folks that work behind the security area in the airport, and TSA was not able to identify 73 airport workers linked to terrorism. Now, isn’t that lovely? These people, you see, are the people who go to the airport every day, maybe sometimes go through a special line to get behind the security area. 
TSA claims it didn’t have access to 
the terror watch list information, so it couldn’t identify these potential bad guys. I personally find that difficult to believe that the agency in charge of se-curity at the airport is not able to get security background information about 
people that work behind security at the airport. In any event, that is not an acceptable excuse for this type of ac-tion. 
You know, Mr. Speaker, a grade of 4 
would not be acceptable anywhere, anyplace in our society, at a business, at school, anywhere, the TSA grade of 4. 
I will give you another example. 
Let’s say you want to have a home se-curity system at your residence, and you go out and you solicit different folks that are in the home security business. You meet one sales rep, and you start asking the sales rep, ‘‘How good is the security system?’’ The se-curity guy says, ‘‘Well, we have a grade of 4. We have a 4 success rate. 96 per-
cent failure rate.’’ You probably wouldn’t hire that guy to install the security system on your home. 
If you ask him a few more questions 
and he says, ‘‘We are not only in charge of the security for your home, but we secure the folks that work on your residence when you are gone to work, the plumber, the welder, or the guy who comes in your house, what-ever,’’ then if you found out that those people who are allowed to go in your home and work through this security system have a reputation for being bur-glars, you probably wouldn’t hire this security agency to do the security on your home. 
That is exactly what is happening at 
our airports. The success rate is only 4. We wouldn’t hire that agency to do our home, but yet here is the agency that we have to guard our airports. 
This is not an indictment about TSA 
employees, but I think it is an alarm-ing concern about TSA’s general man-agement. The problem is the TSA model of security. It can only get a grade of 4—which would not be accept-able under any system. 
You know, there really can’t be mis-
takes and errors like this at our Na-tion’s airports. One thing that we could 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:30 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JN7.000 H10JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4008 June 10, 2015 
do, one consideration is we could go to 
private screening at our airports. The law allows for that. Airports ought to consider those private screeners and maybe think it through, whether or not that is a better alternative to the TSA system that gets a grade of 4. 
And that is just the way it is. 
f 
CHANGE THE CONVERSATION TO 
HELP AMERICA’S CHILDREN 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. GUTIE ´RREZ. Mr. Speaker, this 
past weekend and all day on cable news ever since, we watched a police officer in McKinney, Texas, wrestle with a 14- year-old teenager after what was re-ported to be a pool party. He throws her to the ground, pulls his gun out and points it at some other kids, screams at her, and then sits on the teenager, who is in her bikini, for a period of time. This is the latest installment of the hit cable television news story of the last year or more called ‘‘Cops Be-having Badly Caught on Tape.’’ 
This version was not the most dead-
ly, although there have been versions of this story that end in death. It has caused a lot of hot air on radio and TV. Some of it is constructive, and some of it is just offensive. 
But has it caused a more serious dis-
cussion of police and communities of color? Has it sparked a more serious discussion about how teenagers and po-lice interact or should interact? I hope so, but I kind of doubt it. 
Recently, I met with a young man 
from Chicago who made a real impres-sion on me. He is from the Phoenix Military Academy, a smart teenager. He is going to go places. He said: You know what, Congressman? I have taught myself strategies to deescalate the situation whenever I come in con-tact with police. 
Did you hear that? A teenager feels 
he needs to teach himself ways to dees-calate tensions with adult police offi-cers. We are apparently leaving it up to our teenagers to figure out ways to deal with the police, which is precisely backwards from how things ought to be. 
What the videotape from Texas and 
the comment from my young friend at Phoenix Military Academy in Chicago have in common is that there does not seem to be any communication be-tween adults on the police side and young people in our community, who the police are sworn to protect. Instead of a cooperative relationship between teenagers and adults who are there to protect them, there is an adversarial relationship. 
A couple of weeks ago, I looked 
around while I was at a Judiciary Com-mittee hearing on policing strategies in the 21st century, and all I saw were people who were 50, 60, and 70 years old. There were no young people called to testify, to tell us what they face, how they feel, and what we, as adults, should do to help them. Very few of us are former or current 
law enforcement. And while all of us are former teenagers, still, for most of us, it has been quite awhile since we were a teenager, and our experiences may not be all that typical of what young people and the police face today. 
I hope adults like me in places of in-
fluence and authority can be helpful in creating the conditions where avenues of communication are created, but a 3- hour hearing with political undertones and more than a little grandstanding is not nearly enough. 
Almost every city in America is one 
bad incident, an overzealous police-man, or a videotaped moment of stu-pidity or hatred away from a riot. Mi-chael Brown, Eric Garner, Walter Scott, and Freddie Gray are names we know, but knowing their names is just not enough. We need a sustained effort from Congress and from every institu-tion in our society to address the chasm between young people, and espe-cially young people in communities of color and the police hired to keep them safe. 
And let’s remember, while the coun-
try was transfixed with a video of the cop, the teenagers, and the pool party in Texas, two of my constituents were shot and killed this past weekend in Chicago. They were among 5 dead in Chicago and among 27 people shot from Friday to Monday. At least 5 people were killed and 25 others were shot in and around Chicago the weekend be-fore; 12 dead and 56 were wounded over the long Memorial Day weekend. 
Knowing the names of Sandy Hook, 
Newtown, and Columbine are not enough when Baltimore, Chicago, and other cities are also losing young peo-ple—mostly young people—at this rate. 
It goes beyond police practices and 
the easy availability of guns, but that is part of it. When legislators spend more time making guns easier to carry and stand-your-ground laws make mur-der wraps easier to beat, our priorities are skewed. 
It goes beyond racial profiling, but 
that is part of it. When 84 percent of sobriety checkpoints in Chicago are set up in Black and Latino neighborhoods so that cops can stop anyone who drives by, that sends a message that is destructive. 
It goes beyond economic opportunity, 
but that is also part of it. Honestly, we do not spend much time in this Con-gress thinking about how we help 10- and 12-year-olds know that a bright fu-ture is possible for them. We do not do much for children to help them achieve their future, but instead we cut things like Head Start and spend more and more money on jails. 
Listen, in America, we must change 
the conversation so that we as a nation are working together to help make sure the next generation lives to adult-hood first. We need to stop talking so much about what protects us from 
those kids and start talking more about what we as adults are going to do to protect those kids from the world we have created for them. HELPING FAMILIES IN MENTAL 
HEALTH CRISIS ACT 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. M
URPHY ) for 5 min-
utes. 
Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania. Mr. 
Speaker, on some of the issues my friend from Chicago just stated, I couldn’t disagree more. Let me explain why, why we have problems with our prisons in America and homelessness. 
Nearly 10 million Americans have se-
vere mental illness like schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, and major depression. Yet millions are going without treat-ment as families struggle to find care for loved ones. 
Over the last 30 years, we have shut 
down the old asylums and what we have seen is an increase in incarcer-ation, suicide, homelessness, emer-gency room visits, unemployment, sub-stance abuse, and substance abuse deaths. We have failed on all these metrics. 
Anyone who thinks we are being suc-
cessful in helping those with severe mental illness is delusional. We have traded the old hospital bed for the pris-on cell, the emergency room gurney, the homeless shelter, and the ceme-tery. We have seen horrible and dis-turbing increases of the mentally ill being victims of crime, like sexual as-sault, robbery, and bullying. In fact, we lose 40,000 Americans to suicide each year, and there are another 1.3 million suicide attempts. 
These stories are haunting, and the 
numbers are staggering. Four million people with serious mental illness are not receiving treatment. There is a shortage of 1,000 psychiatric hospital beds nationwide, so there is often no-where to go when there is a crisis. 
How cruel and tragic it was when 
Senator Creigh Deeds of Virginia took his son to a hospital to be told there were no psychiatric beds, and we know the tragic outcome of that story and the thousands of times it is repeated every year. 
We have one child psychiatrist for 
every 2,000 children with a mental health disorder. While we know that 50 percent of severe mental illness emerges by age 14 and 75 percent by age 24, we don’t have a sufficient number of professionals to treat it, so it gets worse. 
We have Federal rules to protect pri-
vacy, which has frustrated countless numbers of doctors and family mem-bers, generating 70,000 official com-plaints. It was meant to improve pa-tient care, but it acts as an impossible barrier to breach because loving family members can’t connect with someone with serious mental illness. 
We have a mental health agency in 
this country that the Federal Govern-ment has that doesn’t employ a single psychiatrist. This is what the Amer-ican taxpayer buys for $130 billion a year. Is this success from the over 112 Federal programs and agencies meant to deal with mental illness? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:30 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JN7.003 H10JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4009 June 10, 2015 
b1015 
We have failed not because we don’t 
know what to do when it comes to ef-fectively identifying and treating men-tal illness, but it is because the Federal Government has stood in the way with poorly administered policies and anti-quated attitudes. 
Our ability to treat serious mental 
illness is in the 21st century. We know more effective treatments for this brain illness. However, our beliefs about mental illness are still mired in the 19th century. As long as we think that mental illness is an attitude or a difference in perception or that hallu-cinations and delusions are bizarrely labeled as nonconsensus reality, we are wrong. 
Quite simply, we have created the 
most difficult system for those who have the most difficulty. Now is the time to change and turn this system from top to bottom. 
That is why I have reintroduced the 
Helping Families in Mental Health Cri-sis Act, H.R. 2646. It reforms Federal programs, removes Federal barriers to care, and refocuses research that is up-dated and innovative legislation that will produce a new paradigm of treat-ment for those with serious mental health problems. 
This bill empowers parents and care-
givers to access care before stage IV. It fixes shortages of inpatient beds, helps to reach underserved in rural popu-lations, expands the mental health workforce, drives evidence-based care, provides alternatives to institutional-ization. It integrates primary and be-havioral care. It increases the mental health workforce in underserved areas by volunteerism. It increases minori-ties in the mental health workforce. It advances critical mental research and brings accountability to mental health and substance abuse parity in this Na-tion. 
If we want to get people treatment, 
not jail time, not abandonment; if we want to help the tens of millions of people affected by mental illness and the hundreds of millions of friends and relatives who are emotionally strained; if we want accountability, trans-parency, and more effective spending of Federal dollars to get care in the com-munity where it is needed; if we want to stop victimization of the mentally ill; if we want to prevent the next New-town, Tucson, Aurora, Isla Vista, Col-umbine, or Navy Yard, we have to do something comprehensive and research based, and we have to do it now. 
What we need is not only for Con-
gress to act, but, during these next few weeks, we need to hear from every doc-tor and first responder and teacher and parent and patient and judge and con-sumer that we have to act thoroughly and thoughtfully and responsibly and now. 
On every concern, America needs to 
speak up and speak out. We need to start treating mental illness as we do other diseases like AIDS or cancer or diabetes, and this legislation, H.R. 2646, gives us the tools to do so. We need evi-
dence-based care before crisis; we need treatment before tragedy. 
I ask my colleagues to support this 
bill, the Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis Act, because treatment delayed is treatment denied, and this legislation marks a new dawn for men-tal health in America. 
f 
TRADE PROMOTION AUTHORITY 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. B
LUMENAUER ) for 5 min-
utes. 
Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, 
House action is expected on trade pro-visions this week. A vote on a package that establishes the rules for how the next major trade agreement will be handled, the trade promotion author-ity, may be voted on, this Friday. 
It has been fascinating for me to hear 
the arguments at home and in Wash-ington, D.C., of those who are opposed to trade promotion authority and have already decided against the Trans-Pa-cific Partnership before the agreement is even finished. 
The critics often cite concerns about 
the environment, but what I hear from some of my friends on the other side of this question at home stands in stark contrast to what I think reality is. The dreaded ‘‘secret negotiations’’ are somehow raised as a negative. 
To the best of my knowledge, all 
major serious agreements are nego-tiated in private like all labor union contracts. It is after they are nego-tiated that the Members have them and look at whether or not it is worthy of their support. 
There are concerns about various 
corporate advisers whispering in the Trade Representative’s ear and having access to confidential information tilt-ing the playing field. Last week, I met with two of those sinister advisers who happen to be respected environmental leaders. Yes, the advisory panels in-clude environmental leaders and, in fact, union leaders as well. 
There was an interesting point that 
came forward in my conversation with environmentalists that the only way to stop, slow, and reverse the rape of the oceans is by an international trade agreement, and this one is actually shaping up to be pretty strong. 
Oceans are threatened by overfishing, 
having fishery stocks collapse; yet the countries in the 12 countries that are negotiating this agreement have, on average, a 20 percent subsidy to en-courage more fishing, overfishing, pay-ing their fishermen to catch the very last fish. The only way to deal with this is by having a multinational agreement that is enforceable to re-duce this destructive policy. 
Along with the oceans, there is deep 
concern about what is going on with deforestation, the exploitation of en-dangered species in the forested areas. Since 2000, we have lost an area ten times the size of Great Britain to de-forestation just in the Amazon basin 
alone. That is why, in the last round of trade negotiations, I fought hard to have provisions against illegal logging in Peru and for them to raise their standards. 
We are struggling to make sure that 
they are fully enforced, but nobody that I have talked to seriously thinks that we wouldn’t be better off without an agreement. It gives us leverage, and things are improving. 
Well, likewise, we are seeing thugs il-
legally harvesting endangered species like elephants and rhinos. They are taking illegally harvested exotic tim-ber and disrupting indigenous people. 
No nation can prevent the exploi-
tation by themselves, but many na-tions, armed with an enforceable agree-ment that we can use trade sanctions to be able to put teeth in it, can make a difference now and raise the bar for future agreements. 
The package moving forward has 
faced some changes that I find trou-bling. All major legislation that I have seen in my career in Congress is a mixed bag. They had some good things; they had some bad things; and some things that are hard to figure out. 
That is going to be our job this week 
and beyond, to make that evaluation; but on balance, while we are trying to figure out whether we are better off with or without it, it is important that that decision be made on a factual basis, not hypothetical scare tactics. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE TITUSVILLE 
HERALD ON ITS 150TH ANNIVER-SARY 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. T
HOMPSON ) for 5 
minutes. 
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
Mr. Speaker, on June 14, The Titusville Herald newspaper will publish its 150th anniversary edition, and I rise today to congratulate them on a century and a half of countless memories and news reporting. 
The Titusville Herald was first estab-
lished in 1865 and was the first daily newspaper in the world’s original oil region. For 150 years, The Herald has delivered the latest local and national news to the Titusville community and surrounding areas. 
Mr. Speaker, I can assure you that, 
with today’s technological advances, it is no small feat for a small newspaper to withstand the test of time. However, with an incredible and dedicated staff, The Titusville Herald has expanded in size, technology, and outreach and con-tinues to be a vital part of the Titusville community. 
I ask my colleagues to join me in rec-
ognizing and congratulating The Her-ald’s staff on reaching this important milestone. I know that they will con-tinue to successfully deliver the news of the oil region to its readers for gen-erations to come. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:30 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JN7.005 H10JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4010 June 10, 2015 
HUNTINGDON POST OFFICE CELEBRATES 100TH  
ANNIVERSARY  
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
Mr. Speaker, on June 17, the Hun-tingdon Post Office, located in Hun-tingdon County, Pennsylvania, in Pennsylvania’s Fifth Congressional District, will be celebrating its 100-year anniversary. 
The post office, the first established 
in Huntingdon County, dates back to 1798 during a time when mail was deliv-ered by post riders and stagecoaches. 
In 1915, to accommodate the growing 
business needs of Huntingdon, then Pennsylvania Governor Martin Brumbaugh dedicated a building on Washington Street to house the post office, the Internal Revenue Service, and military recruiting offices. Since then, the post office on Washington Street has become a permanent fixture within the growing Juniata River com-munity. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to 
join me in congratulating the Hun-tingdon County Post Office and all of its employees on 100 years of dedicated community service. 
f 
CLIMATE CHANGE AND HEALTH 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Q
UIGLEY ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. QUIGLEY. Mr. Speaker, the 
sciences and the facts don’t lie. Con-gress has stood here for too long debat-ing the truth about climate change. What is there to debate? 
More than 12,000 peer-reviewed sci-
entific studies are in agreement. Cli-mate change is real, and humans are significantly to blame. For those of you keeping track at home, there are zero peer-reviewed scientific studies that state the opposite. 
As we continue to harm the environ-
ment, we are ultimately hurting our-selves and human health. In the movie ‘‘Birdman,’’ it was written: ‘‘A thing is a thing, not what is said of that thing.’’ 
I feel the need to remind my col-
leagues that climate change is a real thing, regardless of what is said of that climate change thing; just because you don’t want to believe it doesn’t make climate change any less real. It is rap-idly becoming a threatening crisis in public health. As the planet warms, sea levels rise and lead to increased floods. Droughts are more frequent and in-tense. Heat waves and hurricanes are more severe. 
Climate change makes existing dis-
eases and conditions worse, but it also helps introduce new pests and patho-gens into communities. Respiratory al-lergies and diseases are becoming more prevalent because of increased pollen, molds, air pollution, and dust. Higher concentrations of these particles in the air cause severe breathing problems and lead to heart disease, asthma at-tacks, inflammation, and lung cancer. 
Every year, 220,000 people learn they 
have lung cancer, and 160,000 people die from lung cancer. That is twice the population size of my own neighbor-
hood, Lakeview. 
Children who are especially vulner-
able to these pollutants are harmed by the air they breath. Their lungs shouldn’t be at risk when they go out-side to play or walk to school, but asthma is the third leading cause of hospitalization among children under the age of 15. 
Nearly half of this Nation—our Na-
tion—lives in areas with dangerous lev-els of pollution, 44 percent. My own dis-trict is included. Chicago earned itself an F in an air quality study from the American Lung Association. 
According to the same study, the 
Windy City is ranked in the bottom 5 percent for most polluted city in terms of short-term particle pollution in the Nation, and it is only getting worse. Not only is our air quality dangerous, but our most essential resource, which we all depend on, our water, is at risk due to climate change. 
Water is vital to survival. As tem-
peratures rise, people and animals need more water to maintain their health and thrive. Increases in water tempera-ture, precipitation frequency and se-verity, and changes in coastal eco-system health could increase the inci-dence of water contamination. Cur-rently, more than 840,000 people die each year from water-related diseases. That is more than the entire city of San Francisco. 
Climate change is expected to 
produce more frequent and severe ex-treme precipitation events worldwide. Over the past 50 years, the amount of rain falling during the most intense 1 percent of our storms increased by 20 percent. These turbulent changes breed outbreaks of waterborne diseases. In fact, in the United States, from 1948 to 1994, heavy rainfall correlated with more than half of the outbreaks of wa-terborne disease. 
Water sustains our economy by pro-
ducing energy at power plants, raising livestock, and growing food crops. Many water supply sources are already overallocated, and people are suffering from degraded water quality. 
Given our current trajectory within 
the Western U.S. in severe drought, the competition for water resources will only increase, leading to great impacts on human health. 
Albert Einstein once said: ‘‘We can’t 
solve today’s problems by using the same kind of thinking we used when we created them.’’ We need to adjust how we think about climate change. We need to understand that severe weath-er, pollution, and changes in our water are not only harmful to the planet, but harmful to the people who inhabit that planet. 
Climate change is a direct threat to 
humanity, and it is time we reexamine how we think about it, talk about it, and respond to this growing problem. The health of humans worldwide is at stake. CONGRATULATING CANON 
HUTCHESON 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
F
LEISCHMANN ). The Chair recognizes 
the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. C AR-
TER) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise today to congratulate and cel-ebrate my nephew, Canon Hutcheson, and his wife, Courtney, on the birth of their new daughter, their beautiful new daughter, Ella. Ella Brooke Hutcheson was born on June 9 in Warner Robins, Georgia. She weighed in at 8 pounds, 15
1⁄2ounces. 
I know from experience, the experi-
ence of having been blessed with three sons, that parenthood is the most in-credible and rewarding experience in the world. I could not be more excited for Canon and for Courtney and their new addition. 
I would also like to congratulate 
Ella’s grandparents: my sister, Cissie Hutcheson, and her husband, Craig, of Waycross, Georgia. 
Canon was named in honor of my sis-
ter, Cissie, and my mother, Zena Can-non Carter, who was born on October 16, 1937, and passed on June 21, 2008. I know that my mother is very proud of her grandson and her namesake. 
To the Hutcheson family, and espe-
cially to Ella, I wish you the very best, and I am so very proud to welcome a new member to our family. 
f 
b1030 
PROFESSIONAL’S ACCESS TO 
HEALTH WORKFORCE INTEGRA-TION ACT 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from California (Ms. R
OYBAL -ALLARD ) for 5 
minutes. 
Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD. Mr. Speaker, 
I rise to introduce the Professional’s Access to Health Workforce Integra-tion Act, better known as the PATH Workforce Integration Act, of 2015. 
The National Center for Health 
Workforce Analysis predicts that, by 2020, the United States will have a shortage of as high as 20,000 physicians. Other projections are that we will have a shortage of up to 250,000 public health workers. In addition, the Department of Labor projects that, by the year 2025, we will need 500,000 more nurses, 46,000 more mental and behavioral health workers, 38,000 more pharmacists, and 15,000 more dentists. 
There are a number of contributing 
factors to the projected health care workforce shortage. The U.S. popu-lation by 2030 is expected to rise by 18 percent. The population of those over the age of 65 is expected to increase three times its current rate, and the Bureau of Health Professions projects a 5.2 percent increase in the utilization of health services. This is all happening while our current health care work-force is retiring in greater numbers than we are able to graduate new work-ers. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:30 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JN7.007 H10JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4011 June 10, 2015 
While it is true the Affordable Care 
Act incorporated numerous provisions for addressing the workforce shortage, our Nation’s current educational infra-structure lacks the capacity to train health care professionals fast enough to fill the projected health workforce shortages. In our country today, we have internationally trained health professionals, residing legally in the United States, who are unable to work in their chosen profession. They cur-rently represent a missed opportunity to address our health care workforce shortages. 
The PATH Act helps to address this 
shortage by providing the over 2 mil-lion foreign-trained health profes-sionals legally residing in the United States the guidance that they need to work in employment matching their health professional skills, education, and expertise. This includes inter-nationally trained doctors, nurses, den-tists, mental health providers, and pharmacists whose linguistic and cul-tural skills will also help improve the health needs of our diversifying Na-tion. 
What the PATH Act would do is fa-
cilitate counseling and training oppor-tunities to reduce barriers to the health workforce; provide access to ac-celerated courses in English as a sec-ond language; provide assistance in the evaluation of foreign credentials; and help in educating employers about the competency of health professionals trained outside of the U.S. 
Mr. Speaker, our health care system 
is rapidly approaching a crisis due to a lack of qualified health professionals. The PATH Act of 2015 will help prevent this crisis, and I encourage my col-leagues to cosponsor this important legislation. 
f 
PEACE THROUGH STRENGTH, NOT 
PEACE THROUGH ENDLESS WAR 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. D
UNCAN ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee. Mr. 
Speaker, several weeks ago, I spoke to about 200 people at the famous Willard Hotel in Washington in a program put on by the Los Angeles Chamber of Commerce. I had been told that this was a group of CEOs and owners of major companies in southern Cali-fornia—obviously, a very upper-income group. 
I got to a point in my speech when I 
said: ‘‘It is long past the time we need to stop trying to run the whole world and start putting our own people in our own country first once again.’’ 
Much to my surprise, the audience 
broke into applause. Middle- and lower- income people have applauded when I have said similar things in my district and around the country. Many upper- income people claim to be moderates, and contrary to popular belief, conserv-atives lose most very wealthy areas 2– 1 or worse. I have spoken to a very wide variety of groups in Washington and around the country and in my dis-
trict, and I have gotten an overwhelm-ingly positive response every time I have said it has been a horrible mis-take to spend trillions on unnecessary wars in the Middle East. 
When I was a teenager, I remember 
reading a publication from the Repub-lican National Committee that read: ‘‘Democrats start wars. Republicans end them.’’ 
There was a time, until recent years, 
when the Republican Party could make a legitimate claim to being the Peace Party. I sent my first paycheck as a bag boy at the A&P—$19 and some cents—as a contribution to the Barry Goldwater campaign. I have worked on Republican campaigns at the national, State, and local levels for over 50 years, and it saddens me to hear al-most all of the Republican candidates for President try to outdo each other in their hawkishness. Based on the re-sponse I have gotten, I think it is a rec-ipe for defeat if my Republican Party becomes known as the party favoring permanent, forever wars—wars without end. 
All of our candidates try to convince 
people that they are like Ronald Reagan. President Reagan once wrote: ‘‘Our troops should be committed to combat abroad only as a last resort— when no other choice is available.’’ 
Reagan was certainly no warmonger 
Republican or a man eager to go to war. 
President Eisenhower, one of our 
greatest military leaders, was another ‘‘peacenik’’ Republican. He knew of the horrors of war, unlike many modern day chickenhawks. He famously warned us at the end of his Presidency about the dangers of being controlled by a very powerful military-industrial complex. I think he would be shocked at how far we have gone down the road that he warned us against. 
In his book ‘‘Ike’s Bluff,’’ Evan 
Thomas wrote: ‘‘Eisenhower would pe-riodically sigh to Andy Goodpaster, his Chief of Staff: ‘God help the Nation when it has a President who doesn’t know as much about the military as I do.’’’ 
Pat Buchanan wrote on March 20: ‘‘In 
November 1956, President Eisenhower, enraged he had not been forewarned of their invasion of Egypt, ordered the British, French, and Israelis to get out of Suez and Sinai. They did as told. How far we have fallen from the Amer-ica of Ike.’’ 
Senator Robert Taft, who was some-
times referred to as ‘‘Mr. Republican’’ in the 1940s and 1950s, once said: ‘‘No foreign policy can be justified except a policy devoted . . . to the protection of the liberty of the American people, with war only as the last resort and only to preserve that liberty.’’ 
Most of the Republican Presidential 
candidates have attacked President Obama for acting in some ways that are unconstitutional, and he has. But where in our Constitution does it give us the authority to run other countries as we have been doing in Iraq and Af-
ghanistan—even making small business loans and training local police forces? 
My Republican Party was always the 
party of fiscal conservatism. Yet, with a national debt of over $18 trillion, how can we justify continually spending megabillions in religious civil wars be-tween the Shia and Sunni? 
Some people and companies that 
make money off of an interventionist foreign policy always very quickly fall back on the slur of isolationism, but most conservatives believe in trade and tourism and cultural and educational exchanges with other countries and in helping out during humanitarian cri-ses. We just don’t believe in endless war. 
We are told, if we don’t support an 
interventionist foreign policy, that this means we don’t believe in Amer-ican exceptionalism, but this Nation did not become exceptional because we got involved in every little war around the globe. It became exceptional be-cause of our great free enterprise sys-tem and because we gave our people more individual freedom than any other country. 
I have said in thousands of speeches 
that we are blessed beyond belief to live in this country and that the United States is, without question, the greatest country in the history of the world, but there was much less anti- Americanism around the world when we tried to mind our own business and take care of our own people, and this Nation had more friends when we fol-lowed the policy of peace through strength, not one of peace through end-less war. 
f 
REAUTHORIZE THE EXPORT- 
IMPORT BANK 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from California (Ms. M
AXINE WATERS ) for 5 
minutes. 
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. 
Mr. Speaker and Members, I rise this morning to sound the alarm, and I want my colleagues to understand that there are just 10 legislative days re-maining for Congress to act before the Export-Import Bank shuts down. It is outrageous that we are here today, in this countdown, as the hands of the clock have become a knife-edge pressed against the future of American busi-nesses and the jobs they create. 
The Ex-Im Bank has a proven track 
record of supporting hundreds of thou-sands of jobs in every single congres-sional district across this country, and the fact that anyone would even con-sider shutting it down is shortsighted, and it is harmful to our economy. Ex- Im supports our businesses and our workers, all while not costing tax-payers a dime. In fact, over the past two decades, the Bank has generated a profit of close to $7 billion—a true win- win for our taxpayers. Yet, for the ideologues who are committed to chop-ping away government programs that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:30 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JN7.008 H10JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4012 June 10, 2015 
support our Nation’s students and sen-
iors, exporters, and others, the facts don’t really matter. They just see end-ing the Bank as a conservative litmus test. 
Mr. Speaker, it is simply shameful 
that the extremist, antigovernment wing of the Republican Party has, once again, pushed us to the brink of ac-tively damaging our Nation’s busi-nesses and our competitiveness with this standoff. It doesn’t have to be this way. A majority of the House of Rep-resentatives is already on record in its support of a long-term reauthorization of the Bank. It is time for Speaker B
OEHNER to intervene by immediately 
putting a measure up to keep its doors open for a vote on the House floor. 
For 2 years, despite the calls from 
Democrats and Republicans, Chairman H
ENSARLING has made it clear that this 
manufactured crisis is exactly what he has wanted all along. This is not a fight between Democrats and Repub-licans. It is a fight between ideology and reason in the Republican Party. While the ideologically driven crusade to eliminate the Bank may be a game here in Washington, it certainly isn’t a game for the hundreds of thousands of our businesses all over this country. 
For example, let’s take Michael 
Boyle, a Republican and a veteran, who recently testified that, thanks to the Bank, he has been able to quadruple his company’s revenue and expand his business from just 8 employees to 60 currently. 
Mr. Boyle’s story is the American 
story of thousands of businesses, large and small, across this country that rely on the Bank to compete on the global stage. Nevertheless, in the United States Congress, we are talking about shutting down one of the best re-sources our businesses have—just to make a political statement. 
As the deadline for reauthorizing the 
Bank nears, I have been encouraged to increasingly hear from some of my Re-publican colleagues who have come out and said, ‘‘Enough is enough.’’ As a matter of fact, as I sat in committee, I was very pleased to hear Mr. F
INCHER , 
a Republican, say that his wife told him: 
You don’t represent and you don’t work for 
the chairman of the committee, Mr. Hen-sarling. You don’t work for the Speaker, Mr. Boehner. You work for the people who elect-ed you to come to Congress. 
Mr. F INCHER basically said to his 
chairman that it is time to stop play-
ing the game, that we have got to reau-thorize the Export-Import Bank. 
I want you to know that Mr. H
EN-
SARLING and those rightwing conserv-
atives who want to use this as a polit-ical point will have you believe, ‘‘Oh, this Bank is only for Big Business,’’ but that is absolutely not true. Not only does the Bank support thousands of small businesses, but the suppliers to the big businesses are small busi-nesses all over this country who rely on the Export-Import Bank for their ability to create jobs and have busi-nesses in their districts. b1045 
All of the Members on the Demo-
cratic side of the aisle support the re-authorization of the Export-Import Bank, and many of the Members on the opposite side of the aisle support the Bank. So I don’t know why the Mem-bers on the opposite side of the aisle can’t rein in their chairman. I don’t know why they are afraid of him. I don’t know why they don’t speak up. 
We have 10 more days. Let’s get busy 
and get this bill reauthorized and this Bank. I am asking Speaker B
OEHNER to 
exercise his leadership and get it done. 
f 
JOIN ME IN OPPOSING THE 
INNOVATION ACT 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OHRABACHER ) for 5 
minutes. 
Mr. ROHRABACHER. Mr. Speaker, 
today I rise to alert my colleagues and to alert the American people that a bill is being marked up in the Committee on the Judiciary this coming Thurs-day, H.R. 9. This bill is a grave threat to the rights of the American people to own the intellectual property rights that they have created with their own hard work and their own innovative skills. 
The bill that is being marked up is 
called, in fact, the Innovation Act. It is one of the worst misnomers that I have seen in my time in Congress. This should be called the ‘‘Anti-Innovation Act.’’ This is yet the latest of a dec-ades-long attack on the patent rights of the American people that were placed into the Constitution by our Founding Fathers. 
For decades now, large multinational 
corporations, very powerful economic entities that have influence on govern-ment, have been trying to neuter the patent rights of the American people. Why have they been doing this? Why do they want to eliminate or to dramati-cally reduce the rights of our inventors to control what they have invented? Because these are big guys who don’t want to pay the little guys when they steal from them. 
The fact is that our Founding Fa-
thers knew it was important for some-one who has created something, wheth-er it is a writer or an inventor, to have the right to control his or her creation for a certain period of time. The time period has been 17 years, traditionally, since the time of our Constitution. Our Founding Fathers knew this was im-portant to our country’s well-being, not just in terms of the rights of the individual, which we agree with as Americans and which were written into our Constitution as part of the Bill of Rights. 
Only one place is the word ‘‘right’’ 
used in the body of the Constitution, and that is in the section dealing with providing our inventors and, yes, our writers with the right to control what they have created for a certain period of time in order to profit from it. Our big corporations and these multi-
national corporations that have no loy-alty to the United States, these people who are continually going overseas to China and elsewhere are trying to neu-ter this so that they can take any new innovation without having to pay the person who has actually been the in-ventor and created this. That is totally contrary to what our country has been all about. 
We have had the strongest patent 
system in the world—the strongest in the world. What has that given the American people? It has uplifted our standard of living of ordinary people. Yes, these folks in the multinational corporations, they live very well. Well, the American people have lived well because we have had the technology, whether it is agricultural technology or transportation technology or any of 
the other type of energy technologies that we have. These have uplifted us and created more wealth for our soci-ety. 
Americans’ security, prosperity, and, 
yes, freedom have been due to our tech-nological advantages. It is not that our people worked harder. It is not that we had such natural resources. There are countries all over the world where peo-ple work hard and have natural re-sources. It is our freedom and our re-spect for the individual rights of our citizens that have given us prosperity and security and freedom. 
Now these powerful multinational 
corporations have targeted our patent system; and, yes, their motive, as I say, is to steal, let the big guys steal from the little guys. That is what this supposed Innovation Act, which, as I say, should be called the ‘‘Anti-Innova-tion Act,’’ is all about. 
In fact, there is a legitimate problem 
of frivolous lawsuits in our country. There is no doubt about that. It is not just in the area of technology. It is throughout our medicine and every-where else. But there have been a num-ber of people who have taken patent law and claimed rights that they weren’t given by the Patent Office and issued frivolous lawsuits to people to try to get them to pay money to them. They are called patent trolls. 
This excuse for changing our patent 
system is a lame excuse in the sense that we don’t need to destroy the pat-ent rights of the little guy in order to cure this problem. Every provision of the Innovation Act—every provision— limits the rights of legitimate patent holders in order to protect their own creation. 
Let’s not eliminate our freedom to 
handle those people, those few people, who are abusing it. I ask my colleagues to join me in opposing that and alert-ing the American people to this chal-lenge to their freedom and their secu-rity and their prosperity. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:30 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JN7.009 H10JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4013 June 10, 2015 
AMERICA’S SMALL BUSINESSES 
NEED THE EXPORT-IMPORT BANK 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Washington (Mr. H
ECK) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. HECK of Washington. Mr. Speak-
er, today I have a simple ask: let the Export-Import Bank answer the call. 2,655—2,655—that is how many small businesses called the Export-Import 
Bank last year and asked for their as-sistance in selling American-made goods and services around the globe. That is how many businesses the Ex-port-Import Bank said yes to, without any impact on taxpayers—no cost to taxpayers whatsoever—in order to help those 2,655 businesses be competitive in a global market. 
The truth is, in each district—Demo-
cratic districts, Republican districts, urban, rural, coastal, interior—each district is rich with businesses large and small. Every Member has small businesses that are the result of hard work, families pulling together to build something of value and worth that can be assisted by the Export-Im-port Bank—brand-new business as well, not just those that are intergenera-tional. These are the businesses that create jobs and employ millions of our loved ones and our neighbors and our family. When they want to export their goods and services, who do they call? They call the Export-Import Bank. 
Alliance Rubber Company is just one 
of the 2,655 small businesses that made that call. Alliance is the largest manu-facturer of rubberbands in America. It is a women-owned small business lo-cated in Hot Springs, Arkansas. They employ a whole 156 employees. Alliance plans to add 15 employees within the next year, but without exports, they will be cutting 10 jobs—our family members, our neighbors. Add 15 or cut 10? It seems like the choice is obvious to me. 
Here is what another company said: 
‘‘Thanks to credit insurance available through the Ex-Im, we have hired a salesman dedicated to growing inter-national sales. Growing our traffic and safety business internationally will mean more jobs in our Fife facility and more business for our local vendors.’’ 
That is in my district, Fife, Wash-
ington. The company is Pexco, another one of the 2,655 businesses. There are Pexcos in Republican districts and in Democratic districts all over this coun-try. There are Alliance Rubber compa-nies in Republican Districts and Demo-cratic districts. And if you listen to these business leaders, it makes sense to help them do what they are doing. 
Who will answer the call after June 
30? Well, unfortunately, not local banks or even the big banks. If you don’t believe me, ask them. They are the ones that usually refer the busi-nesses to the Export-Import Bank. 
We have 10 days left, 10 legislative 
days to act before the help on the other end of the line is gone. Companies have 15 business days to make the call and see how they can sell their goods and expand their exports to foreign cus-
tomers. If you are a small business looking to export, call 1–800–565–EXIM, 1–800–565–3949. That is why the Bank is there. That is why it should remain. 
As a matter of fact, Chairman H
EN-
SARLING ’s own witness—I couldn’t 
make this stuff up—who testified against the Bank as a small-business owner last week told her hometown newspaper this later: ‘‘The fact is that there are a lot of small businesses and large businesses that need the Bank right now, and to pull that rug out from under them would be dev-astating.’’ I couldn’t make this up. 
Hold a vote, Mr. Speaker. Hold a 
vote. Give your colleagues the oppor-tunity to vote for our small businesses and the jobs they provide. They are the backbone of this community and this economy and this Nation; 2,655 of them and counting. Let the Export-Import Bank answer the call. 
f 
AMERICANS DESERVE TO KNOW 
WHO RAISED THEIR FOOD 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. M
ASSIE ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. MASSIE. Mr. Speaker, Ameri-
cans want to know: Where does their food come from? Parents want to know before they give it to their children: How was this food raised? Where did it come from? Moms want to know, dads want to know, and today they can; but if proposed legislation passes this body this week, we won’t have that informa-tion necessary to make those decisions for our family and our family’s health. 
What legislation am I talking about? 
I am talking about the country of ori-gin labeling. In other words, right now, if you buy food and it comes from a for-eign country, it must be labeled. If you buy pork, you buy beef, you buy chick-en, wouldn’t you want to know where that food came from? 
Why would you want to know? Well, 
different countries have different rules and different cultures. If you remember back in 2007, we had some pet food that came from a foreign country that killed a lot of pets. It was enhanced with melamine to up the protein read-ings in it, and it was unsafe for pets. A lot of pets died as a result. Well, it came from a different country that has different ethics. I think Americans de-serve to know who raised their food, which country did it come from. But the legislation that is in front of us this week will repeal that requirement to label beef, poultry, and pork. 
Now, why are we doing this? Why are 
we in such a rush? Because we have been told that the World Trade Organi-zation requires it. 
What is the World Trade Organiza-
tion, and who are they to tell Congress what laws we have to pass? These judges weren’t appointed by the Presi-dent. They weren’t confirmed by the Senate. These are not judges from our Constitution. These are extra-constitu-tional judges, yet they are telling us here in Congress you have got to do 
this or there will be repercussions. 
I think our Founding Fathers would 
be appalled at this notion, that we have given up our sovereignty. I don’t accept the premise that we have to make laws here based on what some world court agrees to, but I suppose somebody made a trade agreement in some Congress previous that bound us to decisions of this court. 
Now, even if you accept the premise 
that we have to abide by the World Trade Organization, and because they have ruled that we can no longer label pork and beef as from foreign countries to inform our consumers, then you have got to ask the question: Why did we add chicken to this bill? The World Trade Organization is silent on the subject of chicken, yet it is in the bill. 
We are going to remove the labeling 
requirements for chicken. I think it is a bad idea. I think it is probably moti-vated by some large meat packing companies; but they are represented here in Congress, and the American consumer and small livestock farmers are not. 
b1100 
I proposed voluntary country of ori-
gin labeling last night in the Rules Committee. I had an amendment. It said: Okay. Maybe we shouldn’t man-date. Maybe we shouldn’t force the for-eigners to label their meat when it comes into the country; but how about voluntarily letting American producers put that proud stamp and know that it is the seal of approval that most con-sumers want so they know that beef, that pork, was raised in this country? 
I was shot down in the Rules Com-
mittee. It was just a voluntary pro-gram. In fact, it was proposed 10 years ago by this Speaker of the House, by the former chair of the Ag Committee, by the current chair of the Ag Com-mittee, and by the current chair of the Rules Committee; yet they wouldn’t allow my amendment for a vote in the Rules Committee. All I sought to do 
was let American farmers proclaim that their beef is raised in the United States. 
Today, Mr. Speaker, that is why I am 
here. I am here today to say that we need to assert our sovereignty, the sov-ereignty of this body. We all took an oath to the Constitution. We didn’t take an oath to the World Trade Orga-nization. We need to assert our sov-ereignty, and we need to uphold our commitment to the Americans who sent us here. 
I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on 
the repeal of the country of origin la-beling bill later today. 
f 
ISRAEL 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. W
ILLIAMS ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. Speaker, on 
Monday, our Commander in Chief ad-mitted that, in the fight against the Is-lamic State, the U.S. does not have ‘‘a complete strategy.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:30 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JN7.011 H10JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4014 June 10, 2015 
It is hard to believe that it has been 
1 year since the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria—ISIS, ISIL, or whatever you want to call them—began making headlines in American newspapers. It is hard to believe that it has been nearly 1
1⁄2years since the Director of the De-
fense Intelligence Agency told mem-bers of the Senate Armed Services Committee that it was ‘‘likely ISIL will attempt to take territory in Iraq and Syria.’’ 
But it goes back even farther. In Jan-
uary 2014, the U.S. Ambassador to Iraq said the Islamic State is ‘‘capable of taking and holding ground and causing a lot of trouble.’’ In November 2013, a State Department official testified be-fore a House Foreign Affairs sub-committee and specifically cited the ineffectiveness of Iraq’s military. 
Then Deputy Assistant Secretary of 
State for Iraq and Iran said: ‘‘ISIL has benefited from a permissive operating environment due to inherent weak-nesses of Iraqi security forces.’’ 
Mr. Speaker, all of these warnings 
occurred after Iraq’s Prime Minister made an appeal to President Obama to help defeat the growing threat to his country. That was 2 years ago; so here we are. 
In June 2015, the leader of the free 
world tells an international conference in Austria that the United States does not have a complete strategy to defeat an enemy he once called a JV squad. Well, that JV squad is responsible for the horrific murders of American citi-zens. 
That JV squad has overtaken terri-
tory fought so hard for by American troops, territory that nearly 4,500 American servicemen and -women died to protect in the most violent battles witnessed by U.S. troops since the Vietnam war. That JV squad waves black flags while driving stolen mili-tary equipment through streets where Americans made the ultimate sacrifice. 
From overlooked redlines to by-
passed deadlines, the Obama adminis-tration will serve as a case study in how not to conduct foreign policy for future world leaders. 
Today, the President wants us to be-
lieve that his administration’s negotia-tions with Iran are in Israel’s best in-terests. Ironically, Israel’s Prime Min-ister made a direct appeal to the Amer-ican people expressing the contrary. 
This past March, Prime Minister 
Netanyahu petitioned Congress from the podium right behind me because he, like so many, has lost faith in the abilities of our Commander in Chief. 
He is right; he is right to be skeptical 
about the State Department’s ‘‘trust above all else’’ policy with Iran, whose leaders have publicly proclaimed their desire for Israel to be wiped off the map. Mr. Netanyahu has rightly ques-tioned America’s once unwavering commitment to his homeland, Israel— our partner, our ally, but, most impor-tantly, our friend. 
As I have said before, for those who 
do not believe in the United States’ moral obligation to protect Israel, I re-
mind them about the United States’ strategic obligation. Israel benefits from a secure America, just as America benefits in having a secure, stable, and trustworthy ally in a very volatile and dangerous region of the world. 
The Obama administration’s inabil-
ity to realize this twofold bond be-tween the United States and Israel il-lustrates their lack of understanding. I suggest to the President and his advis-ers that, if they really want to salvage any remaining trace of foreign policy competence for their history books, they walk away from this deal. 
I urge our President to pause and re-
flect on America’s role in the world. Mr. Speaker, I urge him to reassess our courses of action abroad. The President must start by determining what is im-portant for America. Only then will he be capable of developing a strategy, let alone the right one. 
In God we trust. 
f 
REAUTHORIZE THE ESEA 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. C
OSTELLO ) for 5 min-
utes. 
Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. 
Speaker, across my congressional dis-trict, elementary and secondary school students are packing up their lockers, taking final exams, and saying good- bye to their classmates and homeroom desks for the summer. 
While our students head into a well- 
deserved summer recess, our teachers have already started thinking ahead to the next academic year, setting up les-son plans and figuring out what their course curriculums will be. 
Unfortunately, many of our teachers 
will be faced with yet another year of stifling one-size-fits-all testing require-ments and deadlines. Instead of ena-bling our teachers to do what they love and inspiring our children to learn and succeed, they are forced to waste class-room time by preparing and admin-istering redundant and often low-qual-ity tests. 
Mr. Speaker, it has been nearly 15 
weeks since I last spoke on the House floor about the need to provide relief from burdensome testing requirements for our teachers, students, and parents. 
At the time, the House was actively 
considering H.R. 5, legislation to reau-thorize the Elementary and Secondary Education Act, as well as an amend-ment I was pleased to offer with my Democratic colleague, S
UZANNE  
BONAMICI of Oregon. Our bipartisan 
amendment, which was adopted and in-cluded as part of H.R. 5, offers a solu-tion to the overtesting problem that is taxing our schools and teachers. 
Our amendment empowers teachers 
and parents by giving existing Federal funding to State and local education agencies to develop curriculum plans to make better use of tests for the stu-dents, with the ability to reduce test-ing. It would also allow for quicker deliv-
ery of assessment data to educators and parents and a more qualitative analysis of how to shape curriculum for that student from the local school dis-trict and parent, not the Federal Gov-ernment. 
Mr. Speaker, we need to continue our 
work on this bill and reauthorize the ESEA. We owe it to our colleagues who have worked for months on this bill and underlying policy. We owe it to our teachers who have dedicated their live-lihood and careers to the betterment of our children. 
Most of all, we owe it to our children, 
who deserve the best possible education that we can provide, an education that encourages them to think, learn, and succeed and not that simply tells them how to fill in the blanks on a generic test. 
For those of my colleagues who may 
be undecided on advancing this bill and reauthorizing the ESEA, I ask you to consider: Are you happy with the sta-tus quo? Are you content to sit on the sidelines while Common Core standards and a myriad of tests are imposed on our students? 
I would like to read into the R
ECORD  
a letter I received from the super-intendent of my home school district. Let me preface this by saying it was not written to me as a Member of Con-gress, but rather as a taxpayer in the West Chester Area School District. 
I read this because there is no better 
example of a need and an opportunity for us to help our families back home do our job and govern here in Congress. It reads: 
Dear Parents, many of us are quick to 
fault the U.S. public education system, com-paring it to other smaller European coun-tries and finding deficits and gaps. The sys-tem and the way it is funded are far from perfect. However, we manage to educate gen-erations of children who go on to do incred-ible things. 
Now, we are asking our students to do 
something that is entirely unfair: to spend weeks and weeks filling in bubbles, taking standardized tests, and having their entire educational ambition directed toward pass-ing them. This is not what public education was intended to do, nor should do. 
As the superintendent of the West Chester 
Area School District, I believe in very high standards for our students. I believe in ac-countability. I do believe that tests can be a good thing, but not the way we are being forced by the government to give them. 
We officially began the PSSA testing win-
dow on April 13, and we will continue to test through May 27, when we finish with the high school Keystone Exams, a new gradua-tion requirement. Beginning with the class of 2017, even a straight-A student who doesn’t do well on these tests won’t receive a diploma under State law. 
State and federally mandated testing has 
been around for a long time, and is certainly here to stay, but it has become a massive burden that is stifling creativity and love of teaching and learning. 
While our district has embraced high 
standards and accountability, we now spend the first 7 months of the school year pre-paring to take three standardized tests; then we spend approximately 6 weeks giving tests to students. Unlike private and parochial 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:30 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JN7.012 H10JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4015 June 10, 2015 
schools, public schools are mandated to use 
these tests to determine graduation for stu-dents and for teacher and administrator evaluations. It is positively stressing us— and our system—to the max. 
Our teachers, students, and parents all say 
the extreme amount of time focused on test-ing is causing ridiculous amounts of stress in the classroom, faculty room, and at home. The angst is palpable as you walk through our hallways. 
Where is there time for creativity in teach-
ing? Where is there time for exploration and collaboration? Our talented staff do their very best to find ways to incorporate what needs to be tested into their dynamic lesson plans, but it is difficult, given the time con-straints and enormous amount of material being covered. 
Ultimately, that negativity is going to 
drive down our test scores. Learning should be challenging, but also enjoyable and excit-ing. Teaching should be dynamic and cre-ative. We are missing that because of these tests. 
I am not advocating a system without any 
testing, rigor, or accountability, but what we are doing right now isn’t working. 
Teachers have literally sent me hundreds 
of examples of how students are worried, anxious, and depressed. The rules for taking these exams are crazy as well. 
Springtime in a school should be full of ex-
citement and learning—not anymore. The last 3 weeks, our schools have looked more like prisons than educational institutions. The rules allow students to take as much time as they need, but once they close the booklet, the session is over, and they can’t return to it. 
Let’s reauthorize the ESEA. Let’s re-
duce the Federal footprint over public education. It is the right thing to do. 
f 
RECESS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until noon today. 
Accordingly (at 11 o’clock and 11 
minutes a.m.), the House stood in re-cess. 
f 
b1200 
AFTER RECESS 
The recess having expired, the House 
was called to order by the Speaker at noon. 
f 
PRAYER 
Rabbi Claudio Kogan, Temple Eman-
uel, McAllen, Texas, offered the fol-lowing prayer: 
Our God and God of our ancestors, 
God of compassion, God of justice, and God of peace. 
In this great Hall where dreams come 
true, we ask Your blessings upon these great men and women, the Representa-tives of the people. They have devoted their lives to our welfare. Give them wisdom and courage. Inspire them with the teachings of our prophets, as they answer Isaiah’s call to feed the hungry and clothe the naked, Jeremiah’s re-quest to protect the orphan and the widow, and Ezekiel’s plea to lift up those who cannot stand on their own in this land and all lands. As an immigrant who came to this 
country 16 years ago and became an American citizen just 2 years ago, I join this House in a prayer of profound gratitude and deep appreciation for the blessings we, the people of the United States of America, are privileged to enjoy. I ask You, God, to let the lights of truth and harmony shine from this Chamber as beacons for the betterment of all Americans. 
Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL 
The SPEAKER. The Chair has exam-
ined the Journal of the last day’s pro-ceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-
nal stands approved. 
Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, pursu-
ant to clause 1, rule I, I demand a vote on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. 
The SPEAKER. The question is on 
the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, on that 
I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER. Pursuant to clause 8, 
rule XX, further proceedings on this question are postponed. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman 
from Montana (Mr. Z INKE) come for-
ward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. 
Mr. ZINKE led the Pledge of Alle-
giance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
WELCOMING RABBI CLAUDIO 
KOGAN 
The SPEAKER. Without objection, 
the gentleman from Texas (Mr. H INO-
JOSA) is recognized for 1 minute. 
There was no objection. Mr. HINOJOSA. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize Rabbi Claudio Kogan from Temple Emanuel in McAllen, Texas, for his service today as guest chaplain. 
A native of Argentina, Rabbi Kogan 
and his wife, Anna, immigrated to the United States where he continued his studies, receiving several master’s de-grees. 
Rabbi Kogan has served congrega-
tions all over the United States. He has worked to develop a strong interfaith connection with his Christian and Mus-lim counterparts. He has received nu-merous awards for his essays on reli-gion and ethics. 
In addition to his rabbinical duties, 
Rabbi Kogan is also a medical doctor. He has been a high school teacher in Cincinnati, Ohio, and has combined his religious and medical training by serv-
ing as a hospital chaplain at a variety of institutions. 
Rabbi Kogan is joined here today by 
his lovely wife, Anna, and his two beautiful children, Milena and Ezekiel. 
I want to thank him for his prayer 
and for his service to my community. 
f 
RESIGNATION AS MEMBER OF 
COMMITTEE ON SCIENCE, SPACE, AND TECHNOLOGY 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
Y
ODER ) laid before the House the fol-
lowing resignation as a member of the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology: 
CONGRESS OF THE UNITED STATES , 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
Washington, DC, June 10, 2015. 
Hon. J OHNBOEHNER , 
Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR SPEAKER BOEHNER : I write to offer 
my official resignation as a member of the House Committee on Science, Space & Tech-nology, effective today, June 10, 2015. It has been an honor and a privilege to serve on this committee over the last four years. 
Sincerely, 
S
TEVEN M. P ALAZZO , 
Member of Congress. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without 
objection, the resignation is accepted. 
There was no objection. 
f 
ELECTING CERTAIN MEMBERS TO 
STANDING COMMITTEES OF THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, by direction 
of the Republican Conference, I offer a privileged resolution and ask for its immediate consideration. 
The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-
lows: 
H. R ES. 304 
Resolved, That the following named Mem-
bers be, and are hereby, elected to the fol-lowing standing committees of the House of Representatives: 
C
OMMITTEE ON AGRICULTURE : Mr. Kelly of 
Mississippi. 
COMMITTEE ON SCIENCE , SPACE , AND TECH-
NOLOGY : Mr. Abraham. 
COMMITTEE ON SMALL BUSINESS : Mr. Kelly 
of Mississippi. 
Ms. FOXX (during the reading). Mr. 
Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the resolution be considered as read and printed in the R
ECORD . 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gentle-woman from North Carolina? 
There was no objection. The resolution was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair will entertain up to 15 further re-quests for 1-minute speeches on each side of the aisle. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:30 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JN7.013 H10JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4016 June 10, 2015 
CLEAR PATH FOR VETERANS 
CELEBRATES FEMALE VETERAN AND ACTIVE DUTY APPRECIA-TION DAY 
(Mr. KATKO asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to pay tribute to our female vet-erans and Active-Duty military in all branches and areas of service, as well as those who have made the ultimate sacrifice for our country. 
This week, Clear Path for Veterans, 
an organization in central New York in my district, devoted to empowering servicemen and -women, veterans, and their families, will celebrate Female Veteran and Active Duty Appreciation Day to honor the countless women in our community who have served our country. 
Women across our great Nation have 
and continue to put their lives on the line for our freedom and for our democ-racy. America’s servicewomen, vet-erans, and their families are contin-ually changing the way that our mili-tary is defined within our homes, our communities, our Armed Forces, and around the world. 
With the number of female veterans 
at its highest percentage in United States history, Clear Path for Veterans is a pioneer in its commitment to em-powering and inspiring women from all branches of service. I stand beside this organization in working to enable women veterans to reach their full po-tential. 
These women have made our country 
stronger. Their courage and strength have given us freedom, and their sac-rifices that they and their families have made should never be forgotten. 
f 
DAY OF PORTUGAL 
(Mr. CICILLINE asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Speaker, today 
is Dia de Portugal, a time when Por-tuguese Americans and families of Por-tuguese descent around the world come together to celebrate their shared her-itage and rich cultural traditions. 
Over the years, the United States and 
Portugal have shared a strong friend-ship, beginning in May of 1791 when Portugal became the first neutral country to recognize the new American Government and continuing today through the pursuit of our shared na-tional security objectives, including our cooperation in the global war on terror. 
I am particularly honored to cele-
brate Day of Portugal because my dis-trict, Rhode Island’s First Congres-sional District, has a larger percentage of Portuguese American constituents than any other congressional district in the country. 
As chair of the Portuguese American 
Caucus, I am proud to join my Por-tuguese American constituents in cele-brating Dia de Portugal and working to 
strengthen U.S.-Portugal relations through my work in Congress today by fighting to maintain operations at Lajes Field in the Azores and working to promote better cooperation in the areas of agriculture, education, tour-ism, and health. 
I wish everyone celebrating today a 
Happy Day of Portugal. 
f 
CELEBRATING BULGARIAN 
DEMOCRACY 
(Mr. WILSON of South Carolina 
asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-
vise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. 
Speaker, 25 years ago today was one of the most meaningful of my life as I served as an election observer for the post-Communist parliamentary elec-tions in the Republic of Bulgaria with the International Republican Institute, nominated by RNC Chairman Lee Atwater. 
It was a dream come true to visit tal-
ented and enthusiastic people at poll-ing locations in the Hissar, Plovdiv re-gion and see a restoration of democ-racy amidst the amazing antiquities of ancient Thracian, Greek, and Roman cultures. I was welcomed by Professor Stefan Stoyanov, who was elected to the National Assembly and later re-instituted the Rotary Club of Sofia. 
In Congress, I have been grateful to 
co-chair the Bulgarian Caucus; work with dynamic Ambassador Elena Poptodorova; and, this year, led a dele-gation to Sofia to meet with Prime Minister Boyko Borisov, who is coura-geously promoting reforms for the peo-ple of Bulgaria. 
It has been uplifting to meet with 
dedicated Bulgarian troops, along with my son, serving in Iraq and Afghani-stan, who now train with Americans at the Novo Selo training base. 
In conclusion, God bless our troops, 
and may the President by his actions never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. 
God bless Bulgaria. 
f 
REMEMBERING JOHN GRANVILLE 
(Mr. HIGGINS asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. HIGGINS. Mr. Speaker, John 
Granville grew up in south Buffalo. He had a curiosity about the world and a desire to serve others. He was a Ful-bright scholar and a Peace Corps vol-unteer who became a career diplomat for the United States Agency for Inter-national Development. 
In 2007, John was distributing solar- 
powered radios to remote villages in South Sudan to ensure that the people could participate in upcoming elec-tions. On New Year’s Day in 2008, John and a colleague were targeted and as-sassinated by terrorists in Khartoum. He was 33 years old. 
Four men were convicted of the mur-
ders, but 6 years ago today, they es-caped with the aid of a man later par-
doned by Sudanese President al-Bashir. Two of the killers remain at large, and the Department of Justice has offered a $5 million reward for their arrest. 
Today, I will introduce a resolution 
calling on the State Department to maintain Sudan on the state sponsors of terrorism list until al-Bashir’s par-don is repealed and John’s killers are captured. 
When his family expressed concern 
about his safety, John would say that he knew his work was dangerous, but he wouldn’t want to be doing anything else. Today, we remember a man of light and peace and pledge to bring to justice those who took him from us far too soon. 
f 
COUNTRY OF ORIGIN LABELING 
(Mr. SHIMKUS asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, my 
thanks to Chairman C
ONAWAY and the 
Agriculture Committee for their prompt, bipartisan response to the re-cent WTO ruling against country of or-igin labeling. 
Since 2009, Canada and Mexico argued 
that our country of origin labeling pol-icy distorts trade across our borders and increases the cost of meat and poultry. In the U.S., we had hoped for a favorable ruling from the WTO, but their rulings and appeals have all been against us. Today, it is time to act to address the problems posed by COOL and prevent the retaliation from our friends in Canada and Mexico. 
If not addressed, Canada and Mexico 
have threatened $3.6 billion in trade re-taliation. This would be a major blow to pork and beef producers in my dis-trict; but it is not just livestock pro-ducers that would feel the pain. Threatened retaliation would also im-pact the corn growers in my district, one of the most productive corn grow-ing districts in the Nation, and candy makers like Hershey and Mars that have plants in my district. 
Again, I am grateful to Chairman 
C
ONAWAY and his attention to this 
issue and his prompt response to the WTO’s ruling. I support this bill to re-peal COOL and end the years of uncer-tainty faced by our farmers, ranchers, and so many others and urge my col-leagues to do the same. 
f 
INFRASTRUCTURE 
(Mr. PALLONE asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, fixing 
our Nation’s crumbling infrastructure to boost the economy and increase transportation safety should not be a partisan issue; yet Republicans in Con-gress continue to show neglect and in-difference towards the Nation’s infra-structure and transportation safety needs. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:30 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JN7.016 H10JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4017 June 10, 2015 
The 2-month extension of the high-
way trust fund they offered in their un-acceptable T-HUD appropriation bill is the latest example. The T-HUD bill shows a dangerous disregard for safety measures on America’s highways at a time when we well know transpor-tation safety should be a priority. 
It allows massive, double 33-foot 
tractor-trailers to travel at high speeds on America’s Interstate Highway Sys-tem, and it suspends Federal safety guidelines aimed at eliminating truck-er fatigue, allowing long-haul truckers to work more than twice the average workweek for Americans. 
Mr. Speaker, the short-term highway 
trust fund does not solve the problem of deteriorating roads and bridges; it simply puts a Band-Aid on it. 
Republicans kicked the can down the 
road, but it got stuck in a pothole. Now is the time to fix the infrastructure in our counties, and we need to put people back to work in order to do it, but what we really need is a robust, long- term commitment. 
f 
b1215 
COUNTRY OF ORIGIN LABELING 
AMENDMENTS ACT 
(Mr. YOUNG of Iowa asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today to speak in favor of H.R. 2393, the Country of Origin Labeling Amendments Act of 2015. 
I want to thank Chairman C
ONAWAY  
for his leadership on this issue. 
On May 18, the World Trade Organi-
zation ruled against the U.S. COOL re-quirements. This ruling gives Canada and Mexico the green light to retaliate against United States products, par-ticularly beef, pork, and chicken prod-ucts. We are not looking here at a slap in the face, ladies and gentlemen. Un-less COOL is repealed, U.S. goods could be hit with retaliatory tariffs that total $3.6 billion. 
My home State of Iowa would be hit 
really hard. We have over 20 million hogs and almost 4 million cattle. Last year, Iowa exported almost $2 billion of pork, with Canada and Mexico as our top export markets. We need to repeal the country of origin labeling require-ments in pork, beef, and chicken, which could hurt American workers. 
While COOL is well-intentioned, we 
have voluntary programs already in place that give consumers information and the right to know where these products came from. We are out of op-tions. Other legislative and regulatory fixes have been ineffective. 
As the U.S. and State economies re-
cover, the choice is clear. We cannot wait and see what trade retaliation from our closest trading partners would look like. It is time to repeal COOL now. THE TIM COLE EXONERATION 
REVIEW COMMISSION 
(Mr. VEASEY asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to applaud the Texas State Leg-islature in passing House Bill 48, estab-lishing the Tim Cole Exoneration Re-view Commission. Tim Cole was wrong-fully convicted of rape and was the first Texas man to be posthumously cleared by DNA testing. 
I know that, oftentimes, when people 
hear these stories, they think: What did he do to get on the police depart-ment’s radar? Had he done something previously in his life that would have made the police department suspect him? I can tell you that, in Tim Cole’s case, Tim was an Army veteran from Fort Worth; he was a Texas Tech stu-dent; and he honorably served in the military. Sadly, it was just a very bad time to be a Black man living in Lub-bock, Texas. Tim was sentenced to 25 years in prison, and he died behind bars without being able to prove his inno-cence. 
I am happy to let you know that this 
11-member panel will examine wrongful convictions to determine what went wrong and then will make rec-ommendations aimed at avoiding in the future the mistakes that were made in Tim Cole’s case. On June 1, Governor Abbott signed a bill into law affirming that all Americans are enti-tled to due process. Tim Cole’s family can take some small solace in the knowledge that his death has resulted in changes that can provide hope to those who are also wrongfully con-victed. 
I want to applaud Tim’s brother, 
Cory Session, who has worked tire-lessly for years to clear his brother’s name. I also applaud his late mother, Ruby Session, who didn’t get to see this bill signed into law, but she did get to see some changes made in Texas. I am just happy for this family. I am sad that this happened to Tim Cole, but I am glad that something positive has taken place. 
f 
PTSD AWARENESS MONTH 
(Mr. ZINKE asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. ZINKE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
in solidarity with the millions of men and women from the Armed Forces who are living with or who have died from the effects of post-traumatic stress dis-order. June is PTSD Awareness Month. 
In my home State of Montana, nearly 
15,000 veterans, or 15 percent of the population of all veterans, suffer from PTSD. PTSD, no doubt, is a serious condition that touches every aspect of a person’s life. Every day, 22 veterans commit suicide nationwide. Many of them struggle to live with PTSD. Many of our veterans who live with PTSD struggle to transition to civilian life because they have not been given es-
sential resources in the care they need at VA hospitals and clinics or from their local communities. 
I urge the Veterans Health Adminis-
tration and local communities to work together to do everything we can to combat this epidemic. 
God bless America and the men and 
women who serve and defend her. 
f 
COMMEMORATING THE 150TH ANNI-
VERSARY OF THE SALVATION ARMY 
(Mrs. BEATTY asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today in recognition of this year’s 
being the 150th anniversary of the Sal-vation Army. 
It all started in 1865 with a minister 
named William Booth. He took to the streets of London’s slums to champion the poor and neglected, and he decided that we have got to do something. That ‘‘something’’ was transformed into in-novative approaches to eliminate pov-erty by demonstrating faith and by of-fering practical support to those in need. 
In my Third Congressional District 
and across the Nation, the Salvation Army provides assistance to families in need by providing clothes and fur-niture, food, job training, and much more. We have all seen the volunteers with red kettles who ring the bells and ask for donations. Nationally, they have raised $135 million and continue to make tremendous contributions lo-cally in Ohio, nationally, and globally. 
I thank the Salvation Army’s mem-
bers, staff, board, and volunteers in my district, and I honor their work and service throughout this yearlong cele-bration of their 150th anniversary. 
Happy anniversary. 
f 
NEGOTIATION WITH IRAN 
(Mr. PITTS asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. PITTS. Mr. Speaker, as the 
House debates giving guidelines to the President on opening up American trade, I rise to urge the President to secure a verifiable nuclear agreement with Iran. 
America’s response to Iran’s nuclear 
program will be the most important foreign policy decision in a generation. This problem grows more urgent by the day. On June 1, The New York Times reported that Iran’s nuclear stockpile had grown by 20 percent over the pre-vious year and a half. Secretary of En-ergy Moniz revealed that Iran was 2 to 3 months away from a nuclear weapon in April, which was 2 months ago. A nuclear agreement without verifiability is not an agreement at all but an act of faith in the worst state sponsor of terrorism in the world. 
I want to remind the President that 
he has repeatedly said that a nuclear- 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:30 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JN7.017 H10JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4018 June 10, 2015 
armed Iran is not a challenge that can 
be contained and that the United States will do what it must to prevent Iran from obtaining a nuclear weapon. 
I hope that this will not be another 
vanished red line for the President, who has also said, ‘‘As President, I don’t bluff.’’ 
f 
TIME TO MAKE PROTECTING THIS 
NATION A PRIORITY 
(Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia asked and 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise today to express my anger at what I saw on the video that was taken of the event down in McKinney, Texas, on Friday, in which a big and burly po-lice officer, wearing white socks, man-handled a young, 15-year-old Black girl in a bathing suit and man-handled other young Black people who were there simply to attend a pool party. 
That kind of heavyhanded, out-of- 
control police misconduct must be stopped in this country. We must do something about it. I was so angry that I could not be there to do something about it, but I am here to do something about it. I pledge to the people to do everything I can to make sure that we eliminate those kinds of officers from police forces throughout the country. 
f 
TIME TO MAKE PROTECTING THIS 
NATION A PRIORITY 
(Ms. FOXX asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, much of the 
economic turmoil that has gripped this Nation is the result of the Federal Gov-ernment’s spending beyond its means. However, Democrats continue to insist on ignoring the consequences of our crushing debt burden. Last week, Democrats in the Senate announced they would block any appropriations bill, including legislation providing funds for the defense of this Nation, until Republicans meet their demands for increased government spending. 
At a time of grave threats to our Na-
tion, we must be vigilant, determined, and united in the full support of our military personnel. Providing for the common defense of the United States of America is the Federal Govern-ment’s primary duty. Holding hostage the funding for our troops, their fami-lies, and the Nation’s veterans in order to extract more taxpayer dollars for Washington bureaucracy is the worst kind of political gamesmanship. It is time to make protecting this Nation a priority. 
f 
EQUAL PAY ACT 
(Ms. KELLY of Illinois asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, 
as we celebrate the 52nd anniversary of the passage of the Equal Pay Act, I rise 
today to reflect on our commitment to equality and the work ahead to turn this commitment into a reality. 
In 1963, our Nation declared that 
women deserved equal pay for equal work; yet, more than half a century later, we still have much work ahead to end pay discrimination against women. Today, women make just 77 cents for every dollar men earn, amounting to an $11,000 gap per year between full-time men and women. That is almost $1,000 each month to help with groceries, rent, and student loans. 
The workforce disparities have disas-
trous effects on our Nation. According to the Census Bureau, 1 in 3 women lives 200 percent below the Federal pov-erty line compared to 1 in 4 men, and of the more than 100 million Americans who live paycheck to paycheck, almost 70 percent of them are women and their children. Meanwhile, of the S&P 500 companies, women make up just 14.2 percent of their leadership positions, and only 24 companies have female CEOs. 
Women deserve a fair shot at the 
American Dream. I urge my colleagues to work with me to address these issues. Together, let’s eliminate gender disparities in our workforce. 
f 
CLEARWATER, FLORIDA’S 
CENTENNIAL ANNIVERSARY 
(Mr. JOLLY asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. JOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to recognize the centennial anniver-sary of one of our Nation’s most beau-tiful communities—the city of Clear-water, Florida. 
Named for its abundant fresh springs 
and waters, the city was established by colonists in the 1830s and was origi-nally named Clearwater Harbor until 1895. It was then renamed Clearwater and was later established as a munici-pality on May 27, 1915. 
Clearwater is known internationally 
for its clear gulf waters, award-winning beaches, a rich history of Major League Baseball spring training, and it is even home to our very own movie star—Win-ter, the dolphin. Not only is Clearwater a great place to call home, but it is also a great place to visit year round. In fact, Clearwater currently holds the Guinness World Record for the most consecutive days of sunshine in a sin-gle year, which is why, today, Clear-water continues to warmly welcome hundreds of thousands of visitors each year. 
Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to rep-
resent the people of Clearwater and our greater Pinellas County community. I urge this body to join me in recog-nizing this most significant milestone. Happy anniversary to Clearwater, Flor-ida. REAUTHORIZE THE EXPORT- 
IMPORT BANK 
(Mr. JEFFRIES asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. JEFFRIES. Mr. Speaker, House 
Democrats continue to try to move this country forward, but the Repub-lican majority continues to try to turn back the clock. The effort to eradicate the Export-Import Bank is just another example of a reckless act of legislative malpractice. 
First, House Republicans shut down 
the government for 16 days, costing the American people $24 billion in lost eco-nomic productivity. Then House Re-publicans attempted to shut down the Department of Homeland Security, risking the safety of the American peo-ple. Now House Republicans want to shut down the Export-Import Bank, risking tens of thousands of jobs for hard-working Americans. 
What is your addiction to shutting 
things down? 
The American people want us to lift 
them up, and the best way we can do it right now is to reauthorize the Export- Import Bank. 
f 
ELIZABETH BARTA WIDEL 
(Mr. NEWHOUSE asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I 
would like to recognize someone who is a very familiar voice to readers of The Omak-Okanogan County Chronicle newspaper, which is located in Okanogan County, in my district, in the State of Washington. 
Elizabeth Barta Widel is one of the 
most senior journalists in the Pacific Northwest. For 61 years, she has shared her love of the outdoors, her photog-raphy, and her passion for all things concerning the Okanogan community. Since 1954, Elizabeth has written a col-umn for the Chronicle, titled, ‘‘Explor-ing the Okanogan.’’ So far, she has written almost 2,900 columns on an array of topics, and she continues to add to that number regularly. Through sharing her stories, her down-to-earth words of wisdom, and her curiosity of the world around her, Elizabeth has shown a profound connection with the Okanogan Valley and has inspired gen-erations of readers and those who know her. 
Please join me in celebrating the 
contribution and dedication of this re-markable lady, an explorer of things great and small. 
f 
b1230 
BOKO HARAM 
(Ms. WILSON of Florida asked and 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. WILSON of Florida. Mr. Speaker, 
today six young girls who escaped Boko Haram will join us at a press con-ference after votes on Wear Red Wednesday. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:30 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JN7.019 H10JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4019 June 10, 2015 
Mr. Speaker, Boko Haram has 
launched a terrifying slew of attacks that have killed more than 109 people in the last 2 weeks. As its ties to the jihadi group, the Islamic State, strengthen, Boko Haram becomes an even greater global and domestic threat. Boko Haram and ISIS have now joined together. 
We must act now to ensure that our 
young people are not enticed by this terrorist group. I can see African American children this summer be-come infatuated and move in that di-rection. These extremists exploit this, filling young people’s heads with ter-rible lies and destructive ideas. 
Every day that Boko Haram is left 
undefeated is one more day that our young people are at risk. We are in danger. Tweet, tweet, tweet #bringbackourgirls. Tweet, tweet, tweet #joinrepwilson. We must destroy Boko Haram and ISIS. 
f 
THE INNOVATION ACT STIFLES 
INNOVATION 
(Mr. MASSIE asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. MASSIE. Mr. Speaker, I ask my 
colleagues to think about where the hotbeds of innovation are in this coun-try. They are at universities, where students and professors come up with new ideas. They are at our startups, where inventors and entrepreneurs pur-sue their dreams late into the night, toiling away, backed by venture cap-italists who fund their dreams and their ideas. 
But why would venture capitalists, 
entrepreneurs, inventors, and univer-sities be against a bill called the Inno-vation Act? I will tell you why. Be-cause the Innovation Act stifles inno-vation. 
Mr. Speaker, would you take a lawn-
mower to your flower garden if you saw a weed in it? I sure wouldn’t, but that is what the Innovation Act does. It will destroy and degrade our patent system in this country. 
I urge my colleagues to vote against 
the Innovation Act, H.R. 9. 
f 
RECOGNIZING LG ELECTRONICS’ 
COMMITMENT TO THE ENVIRON-MENT AND RECYCLING 
(Mr. DOLD asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. DOLD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to recognize LG Electronics for win-ning the Institute of Scrap Recycling Industries’ Design for Recycling Award. 
Recycling is one of the most con-
sequential activities each and every one of us can do on a daily basis to pro-tect the environment and conserve nat-ural resources. Contestants in the ISRI’s Design for Recycling are some of our country’s largest and best manu-facturers, all working to preserve our 
environment by improving the recyclability of their products. 
Mr. Speaker, the vast majority of re-
cycled material comes from items such as automobiles, refrigerators, old tires, and electronics such as televisions and computers. This year, LG Electronics won for their 4K Ultra HD OLED and LED TVs. These TVs include innova-tive new technologies that were de-signed with recycling in mind. 
Mr. Speaker, I am proud to join the 
ISRI in recognizing LG Electronics for their commitment to the environment and recycling. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE LIFE OF 
CAPTAIN JOHN J. DEARBORN 
(Mr. GUINTA asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. GUINTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to celebrate the life, service, and valor of Captain John J. Dearborn, a 
Granite Stater, family man, and Amer-ican hero. 
Captain Dearborn, a lifelong resident 
of Deerfield, was New Hampshire’s old-est living U.S. marine, having served in World War II as a Corsair fighter. Dur-ing his service, Dearborn witnessed his-tory in the making, having seen the final Japanese surrender aboard the USS Missouri on September 2, 1945, 
marking the end of World War II. 
Dearborn remained as an active 
member of the veterans community and just this April traveled from Man-chester, New Hampshire, to Wash-ington, D.C., to participate in an Honor Flight with other veterans from around the Nation. His service, legacy, and courage live on. 
We will never forget the service and 
sacrifice that Captain Dearborn made for our freedoms and our liberty. It is because of our Nation’s heroes like Dearborn that our Nation remains the land of the free and the home of the brave. For that, we are forever grate-ful. 
f 
CONGRATULATIONS TO MARISSA 
BARTELS 
(Mr. EMMER of Minnesota asked and 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. EMMER of Minnesota. Mr. 
Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Marissa Bartels on winning an as-tounding four gold medals at the re-cent Minnesota State track and field meet. 
Marissa was born with spina bifida 
but refuses to let that slow her down. In middle school, when no longer able to participate in the sports she knew and loved, Marissa discovered wheel-chair sports. This was her third year participating at State, and Marissa dominated, winning the 100 and 800 meter races as well as shot put and dis-cus. 
Marissa’s athletic abilities extend be-
yond track and field. She is also a na-tional champion in baseball and bas-
ketball. It is no surprise that this im-pressive competitor will be heading to the University of Wisconsin-White-water in the fall as a student athlete. 
Best of luck and congratulations, 
Marissa. You are an inspiration to each of us to never give up, no matter what obstacle or adversity we may face. 
f 
LET’S DELAY IMPLEMENTATION 
OF THE NEW CFPB RULE 
(Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania 
asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. 
Speaker, I rise today relating to the new CFPB rule combining the Real Es-tate Settlement Procedures Act and Truth in Lending Act disclosure that is scheduled to take effect on August 1. 
On behalf of home buyers across this 
country, the real estate industry has requested a grace period or hold harm-less period for 90 days. To date, the CFPB will only commit to saying they will have relaxed enforcement for a pe-riod similar to that of the qualified mortgage/ability to repay rule. 
Now, leaving aside whether this rule 
will provide more clarity or more con-fusion to the real estate purchaser, leaving aside whether it will provide more protection to buyers or be more problematic for them to close on a real estate transaction, I want to focus on the August 1 deadline. 
I spent 10 years in the real estate in-
dustry working with real estate agents, banks, mortgage professionals, title in-surance agents, and it is well known that June, July, and August tend to be the most active months for real estate transactions. Changing disclosure re-quirements in the middle of the busiest part of the calendar year for real estate deals causes difficulty for those in-volved in conducting settlements. And changing them without the ability for professionals to test their systems and procedures doesn’t make much sense, either. 
It is also unfair to consumers in that 
you are compelling their retained pro-fessionals to receive the training dur-ing the busiest months, implement new procedures, and account for unantici-pated disruptions. Any hiccup along the way is actually to the detriment of the consumer. 
Let’s make the rule effective in Jan-
uary or February of 2016, which are his-torically the slowest months of the year, and when it is most fair to real estate consumers. 
f 
HONORING ALL THE ROSIE THE 
RIVETERS 
(Mr. FITZPATRICK asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, 
Mae Krier of Levittown, Bucks County, Pennsylvania, was a young woman 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:30 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JN7.021 H10JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4020 June 10, 2015 
when our country went to war in 1941. 
As men answered their Nation’s call, millions of women left their homes for factory jobs, working as riveters, buckers, welders, and electricians. 
Mae Krier, who is approaching her 
nineties, still beams with pride when she recalls her days as a riveter on Boeing’s B–17 warplane assembly line. American women like Mae gained no-toriety as Rosie the Riveters, and they remain a symbol of strength and con-fidence for our Nation. 
In paying tribute to these American 
heroes who served our country during World War II, let us also gratefully ac-knowledge the women who served pa-triotically on the home front with con-tinued recognition of a national Rosie the Riveter Day. 
To all the Rosie the Riveters, on be-
half of Pennsylvania’s Eighth District, thank you for your contributions to our country and your role in the legacy of the Greatest Generation. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION 
OF H.R. 2685, DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2016, AND PROVIDING FOR CON-SIDERATION OF H.R. 2393, COUN-TRY OF ORIGIN LABELING AMENDMENTS ACT OF 2015 
Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, by di-
rection of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 303 and ask for its immediate consideration. 
The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-
lows: 
H. R ES. 303 
Resolved, That (a) at any time after adop-
tion of this resolution the Speaker may, pur-suant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consideration of the bill (H.R. 2685) making appropriations for the Department of De-fense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes. The first read-ing of the bill shall be dispensed with. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. General debate shall be con-fined to the bill and shall not exceed one hour equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Appropriations. After general debate the bill shall be considered for amendment under the five-minute rule. Points of order against provisions in the bill for failure to comply with clause 2 of rule XXI are waived. 
(b) During consideration of the bill for 
amendment— 
(1) each amendment, other than amend-
ments provided for in paragraph (2), shall be debatable for 10 minutes equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent and shall not be subject to amendment ex-cept as provided in paragraph (2); 
(2) no pro forma amendment shall be in 
order except that the chair and ranking mi-nority member of the Committee on Appro-priations or their respective designees may offer up to 10 pro forma amendments each at any point for the purpose of debate; and 
(3) the chair of the Committee of the Whole 
may accord priority in recognition on the basis of whether the Member offering an amendment has caused it to be printed in the portion of the Congressional Record des-ignated for that purpose in clause 8 of rule XVIII. Amendments so printed shall be con-
sidered as read. 
(c) When the committee rises and reports 
the bill back to the House with a rec-ommendation that the bill do pass, the pre-vious question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amendments thereto to final passage without intervening motion except one motion to recommit with or without in-structions. 
S
EC. 2. Upon adoption of this resolution it 
shall be in order to consider in the House the bill (H.R. 2393) to amend the Agricultural Marketing Act of 1946 to repeal country of origin labeling requirements with respect to beef, pork, and chicken, and for other pur-poses. All points of order against consider-ation of the bill are waived. The amendment in the nature of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Agriculture now print-ed in the bill shall be considered as adopted. The bill, as amended, shall be considered as read. All points of order against provisions in the bill, as amended, are waived. The pre-vious question shall be considered as ordered on the bill, as amended, and on any further amendment thereto, to final passage without intervening motion except: (1) one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Agriculture; and (2) one mo-tion to recommit with or without instruc-tions. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Washington is recognized for 1 hour. 
Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, for 
the purpose of debate only, I yield the customary 30 minutes to the gen-tleman from Massachusetts (Mr. M
CGOVERN ), pending which I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. Dur-ing consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of de-bate only. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. NEWHOUSE. I ask unanimous 
consent that all Members have 5 legis-lative days to revise and extend their remarks. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Washington? 
There was no objection. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, on 
Tuesday, the Committee on Rules met and reported a rule, H. Res. 303, pro-viding for consideration of two impor-tant pieces of legislation: H.R. 2393, the Country of Origin Labeling Amend-ments Act of 2015, and H.R. 2685, the Department of Defense Appropriations Act, 2016. 
The rule provides for consideration of 
H.R. 2393 under a closed rule and H.R. 2685 under the customary modified open rule process, which allows any Member to offer an amendment to the bill so long as the amendment complies with the rules of the House. The only restriction is on the amount of time that will be allotted for debating each amendment. 
H.R. 2393 is an urgent and critical re-
sponse to the World Trade Organiza-tion’s ruling on May 18 of this year, which found country of origin labeling, or COOL, for muscle meat cuts to be in violation of the U.S. trade obligations with Canada and Mexico. H.R. 2393 will simply repeal the COOL meat cut pro-visions, making the U.S. compliant and 
prevent retaliation. 
Critics of H.R. 2393 will say we have 
more time, but in truth, we don’t. This final ruling is the fourth time the WTO has ruled against the U.S. for various versions of COOL, and on this final ap-peal, the WTO has given both Canada and Mexico the authority to impose more than $3 billion in combined retal-iatory tariffs against U.S. products within 60 days of the ruling. 
b1245 
Today, Mr. Speaker, we are now 
down to just 37 days to respond before these tariffs are imposed. This could deal an enormous blow to U.S. compa-nies and the workers they employ, just when our economy is beginning to re-bound. 
There is also an argument floating 
around that this will prevent all label-ing or that a ‘‘Made in North America’’ label will satisfy our trade obligations. A North American label will not nec-essarily satisfy our obligations and can in no way, no matter how fast we try, be negotiated in the remaining 37 days to prevent retaliation. 
Also, it is important to note that re-
pealing mandatory COOL doesn’t pre-vent voluntarily labeling, as some companies already do. 
Finally, it is worth noting that some 
critics claim that this will weaken in-spections for meat imports. Nothing can be further from the truth. 
The United States Department of Ag-
riculture has and will continue to pro-vide the most rigorous, science-based import inspections, inspections of for-eign plants which export to the United States. Whether or not the product has a mandatory country of origin label on it will not affect these rigorous inspec-tions. 
This legislation is desperately need-
ed. Our manufacturers, pork producers, grape growers, confectionary exporters, and ranchers have repeatedly asked Congress to ensure that we repeal the COOL provisions and bring the U.S. back into compliance with our WTO obligations fully and quickly. 
Mr. Speaker, H.R. 2393 is important 
to ensure our economy is protected and that the U.S. plays by the rules we agreed to with two of our biggest trad-ing partners, which are by far our larg-est export markets. 
This rule also provides for the consid-
eration of H.R. 2685, the Department of Defense Appropriations Act, which funds our Nation’s national defense and provides the resources necessary to continue our essential military efforts abroad, as well as the funding for health and quality of life programs for the brave men and women of our Armed Forces. 
Overall, the bill provides $578.6 bil-
lion in discretionary funding, $800 mil-lion more than the President’s request and $24.4 billion above the fiscal year 2015 funding level. Within this amount, $88.4 billion is appropriated for our war efforts in the global war on terrorism. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:30 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JN7.022 H10JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4021 June 10, 2015 
H.R. 2685 is an imperative measure 
that funds our critical national secu-rity programs and addresses the vital needs of our men and women in the armed services. An effective military, one that is well equipped and well trained, is indispensable to the com-mon defense of our country and is in the best interest of all Americans. This bill includes vital funding for the U.S. military and intelligence community as they remain engaged in responding to instability abroad. 
This bill contains $133 billion to pro-
vide for 1.3 million Active-Duty troops and 820,000 National Guard and Reserve troops; $219 billion is included for oper-ations and maintenance, which pro-vides for the funding of readiness pro-grams that prepare our troops for com-bat and peacetime missions. 
The Constitution charges the Con-
gress to provide for our national de-fense, and this bill ensures we will ful-fill that obligation. Our highest na-tional priority should always be the protection of our country, and the funding levels in this bill will ensure our military remains the most capable, prepared, and exceptional armed force anywhere in the world. 
Mr. Speaker, we must provide the re-
sources necessary to fight America’s enemies abroad. With the rise of ISIS, the continued presence of al Qaeda, the growth of terrorist groups in North Af-rica, instability throughout the Middle East, and Russian aggression in Ukraine, our military must be prepared for not only current threats, but for fu-ture ones as well. 
We also need to support those willing 
to fight alongside us, which is why H.R. 2685 includes critical support for our al-lies who are also facing this unprece-dented instability due to the aggres-sion of nation-states and terrorist or-ganizations alike. 
This bill makes difficult budgetary 
choices without undermining the safe-ty, security, and success of our service-members and their families. It uses every tax dollar responsible to give our Armed Forces the resources they need to stay prepared, safe, and in peak fighting form. 
Supporting the men and women of 
our armed services—who, day in and day out, risk their lives in the service of our country—is one of the most im-portant functions that we perform as Members of Congress, and this respon-sibility should not be taken lightly. 
I am proud to support this bill and 
the important funding it provides for our Nation’s military, security, and our courageous men and women in uni-form. 
Mr. Speaker, this is a good, straight-
forward rule, allowing for consider-ation of two very critical pieces of leg-islation that will protect our economy, provide necessary funding for our serv-icemembers and the defense of our country, and I support its adoption. 
I urge my colleagues to support the 
rule, as well as the underlying bills, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I want 
to thank the gentleman from Wash-ington (Mr. N
EWHOUSE ) for the cus-
tomary 30 minutes, and I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
(Mr. M
CGOVERN asked and was 
given permission to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
in opposition to this grab bag rule and both underlying pieces of legislation. 
Mr. Speaker, today marks the 18th 
time in this Congress that House Re-publicans have brought to the floor a grab bag rule, a single rule that gov-erns floor debate for two or more unre-lated pieces of legislation. 
Since the Republicans took control 
of the House in 2011, the use of grab bag rules has dramatically increased by over 400 percent. Using one rule to gov-ern multiple, oftentimes unrelated bills stifles debate, which I guess is the point of them merging all these bills under one rule on the House floor, and leads to disjointed and confusing dis-cussion between two sides. 
Ranking Member S
LAUGHTER and my 
Democratic colleagues on the House Rules Committee have raised these concerns with Chairman S
ESSIONS , but 
unfortunately, we are back on the floor today to consider one rule for two com-pletely unrelated measures. 
Today’s rule provides for consider-
ation of H.R. 2393, the Country of Ori-gin Labeling Amendments Act, also known as COOL, under a completely closed process. No amendments are al-lowed, none. 
Clearly, this is an issue that we need 
to address sooner rather than later, but H.R. 2393 is not the answer. It was in-troduced just 2 days after the World Trade Organization ruled against the United States’ country of origin label-ing requirements for meat. 
H.R. 2393 is a knee-jerk reaction to 
the WTO ruling that completely does away with labeling requirement for beef, pork, and chicken, which wasn’t even addressed in the WTO ruling. 
We know from past WTO disputes 
that there are several steps that need to occur before retaliation would take place. The arbitration panel takes at least 60 days, but in the U.S.-Brazil cotton case, it took 15 months to produce a ruling. The sky is not fall-ing; we have some time to come up with a workable solution. 
Instead of H.R. 2393, we ought to be 
working toward a more thoughtful ap-proach that balances consumers’ right to know where their meat comes from with our trade obligations. 
More than 60 countries have success-
fully implemented COOL-like labeling requirements that comply with WTO standards, and we ought to look toward these programs for a workable solu-tion. 
Such an important issue that im-
pacts the safety of food we eat and the health of American families deserves the most robust debate possible, but this closed rule from House Repub-licans prevents us from having that kind of debate. As I said, not a single 
Member, Democratic or Republican, is allowed to offer an amendment to this bill. It is completely closed. 
Today’s rule also provides for the 
consideration of H.R. 2685, the Depart-ment of Defense Appropriations Act. 
Mr. Speaker, with respect to the fis-
cal year 2016 Defense Appropriations Act, there is much to praise about the bill. It contains many important provi-sions and strong funding for suicide prevention and training, improved re-sponse to sexual assault and preven-tion, and medical research. 
I applaud the hard work put into 
drafting this bill by Defense Sub-committee Chairman F
RELINGHUYSEN  
and Ranking Member V ISCLOSKY , along 
with Appropriations Committee Chair-man R
OGERS and Ranking Member 
LOWEY . However, this bill suffers from 
two major—I emphasize the word ‘‘major’’—flaws, which to my mind makes it difficult, if not impossible, to support. 
First and foremost, this bill con-
tinues to use the overseas contingency operations account, or OCO, as a slush fund to get around parts of the Budget Control Act that Republicans don’t like—namely, the caps on defense spending—while ignoring the damage the caps are doing to all our non-defense programs. 
This bill, like the Defense Authoriza-
tion bill before it, completely bypasses the caps set down by the BCA by in-creasing OCO funding by $38 billion above the President’s request. The bill shifts $38 billion from the defense base budget and shoves those moneys into the off-budget OCO meant to cover the costs of our various wars. 
Rather than wrestle with the hard 
question of how to get rid of the se-quester and the budget caps and bring our spending back into regular order, the Republicans have decided to wallow in a slush fund. Quite simply, Mr. Speaker, it is a disgrace. 
Mr. Speaker, don’t you think it is 
about time that we found a way to pro-vide for our national security needs without relying on war contingency slush funds to pay for the everyday ex-penses of the Department of Defense? 
Members on both sides of the aisle 
have recognized that the sequester does not work. Shouldn’t we be honest about that? Shouldn’t we negotiate a workable plan, rather than play these games of smoke and mirrors that actu-ally undermine the Pentagon’s ability to budget and plan for the long term? 
Second, Mr. Speaker, this bill con-
tinues to appropriate billions of dollars to carry out the war against the Is-lamic State in Iraq, Syria, and else-where; but Congress has not even de-bated, let alone authorized that war. 
The leadership of this House con-
tinues to fail in carrying out its re-sponsibilities under the Constitution and bring an AUMF before this body to authorize the military operations that have been ongoing since last August. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:30 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JN7.024 H10JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4022 June 10, 2015 
In fact, just last night, we learned 
that the U.S. presence in Iraq will in-crease even further, with the adminis-tration planning to establish a new military base in Anbar province and send hundreds of additional American military trainers. 
This move is aimed at helping Iraqi 
forces to retake the city of Ramadi from the Islamic State, but it is clear our involvement is getting bigger and bigger and bigger and bigger—but still, no word from this leadership that it has the political will or intention to bring an AUMF to the House floor this month, next month, or the month after. 
With Americans investing more and 
more in this conflict—we are told that we spend about $3.5 million an hour on this latest war against the Islamic State—there has never been a greater urgency for this Congress to debate and to vote on this war. 
Time and again, bipartisan letters 
have been sent to the Speaker asking him to bring an AUMF to the House floor. Time and again, individual Mem-bers have sought to bring amendments up for debate that would authorize military operations in Iraq and Syria, only to have the Republican majority on the House Rules Committee reject them, depriving them of consideration and depriving them of debate. 
Just last night, I offered an amend-
ment that simply states that no funds in this act may be obligated or spent on military operations in Iraq and Syria in the absence of an AUMF for such operations. It was also rejected by the Republicans of the House Rules Committee. 
Some stated that they voted to reject 
it because 10 minutes, which is the amount of time limiting debate on all amendments to the defense bill, is sim-ply not enough time to debate a serious question. Well, I agree. Ten minutes is not enough time, but the Rules Com-mittee has the power to increase that limit to as much time as it feels appro-priate, and it failed to do so. 
The Rules Committee could provide 2 
hours of debate or 2 days of debate or 2 weeks of debate; that is the power of the Rules Committee. Don’t hide be-hind this excuse as a reason for Con-gress not to live up to its constitu-tional responsibilities. 
Mr. Speaker, it seems that we can al-
ways find the time and find a way to spend billions of billions of dollars to fund wars; we can always find a way to send our brave men and women over-seas to fight and die in these wars, but we can’t ever seem to find the back-bone or the time to debate and author-ize them. 
Each night, each week, the Members 
of this House get to go home to their families and their communities, sur-rounded by loved ones and people who support them. If we don’t have the stomach to take responsibility for sending our troops into danger, then the least we can do is bring them home to their families so that they might enjoy the same peace and privileges 
that we take so much for granted. 
b1300 
If we want to spend our Nation’s 
treasure on these wars, if my col-leagues believe that the war in Iraq and Syria is a priority for our Nation and our national security, then we should carry out our constitutional mandate and debate and vote on an AUMF. 
Now, I welcome the fact that the 
House Appropriations Committee, in a bipartisan vote, supported an amend-ment by the honorable gentlewoman from California, Congresswoman B
AR-
BARA LEE, that says: ‘‘Congress has a 
constitutional duty to debate and de-termine whether or not to authorize the use of military force against ISIL.’’ 
That provision is in the Defense Ap-
propriations bill. But the fact of the matter is, Mr. Speaker, that we shouldn’t just be saying that Congress has a constitutional duty; we should actually be carrying out our constitu-tional duty. 
So I hope that every single one of my 
colleagues will remember that when they cast their votes for final passage of this bill, you are providing money and equipment and lives to carry out a war that this House doesn’t even have the courage to debate and vote on. 
The leadership of this House has to 
stop whining and stop trying to shift the responsibility on to anyone and ev-eryone except to whom the responsi-bility really falls. It falls upon each of us to say to this leadership that the time has come to bring an AUMF be-fore this body, and for the leadership to let us debate it and vote on it. 
It is time that we stopped acting like 
cowards and started behaving like Members of Congress our constituents elected to make the tough decisions. So I ask my colleagues to join me in opposing this rule and the underlying legislation. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, just 
let me say before I turn to some of my colleagues who have joined me on the floor that I agree with the gentleman from Massachusetts. These are impor-tant issues, especially when we are talking about appropriations for the Defense Department. We do need an AUMF, and I remain committed to work with the gentleman from Massa-chusetts to accomplish that; that we should have that open debate and that discussion through the committee sys-tem. 
This is not the vehicle. But we will 
do that. We need to do that, and I agree with the gentleman. 
Today, I am very happy to have with 
me several people who would like to speak on this issue. I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. C
RAWFORD ), a member of the Agri-
culture Committee. 
Mr. CRAWFORD. Mr. Speaker, I 
thank the gentleman from Washington for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I strongly support this 
rule and the underlying legislation to repeal country of origin labeling for meat products, and I believe this effort is long past due. 
I thank the chairman of the Rules 
Committee for bringing this rule to the floor, and I appreciate Agriculture Committee Chairman C
ONAWAY ’Sexpe-
ditious response to the WTO’s final rul-ing that sets the table for a huge hit to America’s struggling economy. 
Not only has COOL been a costly bur-
den on our Nation’s meat industry for more than a decade, but now massive retaliatory tariffs from Canada and Mexico will inflict pain on a vast amount of U.S. industries and jobs. 
At a time when American GDP is ac-
tually shrinking, and U.S. farmers and manufacturers are desperately seeking export markets, the worst thing we can do is allow this policy to damage our ability to get American-made to mar-ket. 
COOL represents yet another failed 
government mandate imposing heavy costs on private sector industry for no defensible purpose. While the primary goal of COOL is to give American- grown meat a competitive advantage, the result has been exactly the oppo-site. 
Even the Department of Agriculture 
agrees that COOL has actually nega-tively impacted the industry that it was supposed to benefit. As a direct re-sult of this policy, we have not only seen sharp increases in the cost of mar-keting and selling beef and pork, but looming trade retaliation is already costing American industries that con-tract for future delivery of goods into these export markets. 
If we allow these retaliatory tariffs 
to go forward, our Nation’s businesses will experience billions of dollars of market loss, which will kill jobs, harm our U.S. competitiveness, and have a long-term negative impact on Amer-ica’s economic health. 
Fortunately, today we have a chance 
to end the harmful impact of this pol-icy. I urge all of my colleagues to sup-port this rule and the underlying legis-lation to repeal COOL once and for all. 
Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Let me just say to my colleague on 
the Rules Committee, I am glad he sup-ports my position that we ought to have a debate on an AUMF when it comes to these wars against the Is-lamic State in Iraq and Syria. 
But my question is, what are we 
waiting for? 
Eleven months ago, Congressman 
W
ALTER JONES , a Republican, Congress-
woman B ARBARA LEE, a Democrat, and 
myself actually brought a resolution to the floor saying that if we are going to be engaged in combat operations in Iraq, that we ought to have a vote on an AUMF, and that passed overwhelm-ingly. 
We have been at war now for over 10 
months. I mean, bombing every day. We have thousands of troops over 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:30 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JN7.025 H10JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4023 June 10, 2015 
there. The President is going to send 
several hundred more over there. What are we waiting for? 
We were told in the 113th Congress 
that we ought to wait till the 114th Congress. I don’t know why, given the fact that the war began under the 113th Congress. But anyway, January came, and we are in the 114th Congress. 
Then we were told we have got to 
wait for the President to submit a strategy or an AUMF. He did. 
Now, I know you don’t like it. I don’t 
like it. Some people want it broader and bigger. Some of us want it more re-strictive. But nonetheless, he did what he is supposed to do. What we are sup-posed to do is deliberate. 
And here we are, 10 months later, and 
we are all told we will get to it. We will get to it. We will get to it. 
We announced yesterday that we are 
going to establish a new military base in Iraq, and close to 500 more American troops are going to go over there. What are we waiting for? 
We ought to be debating these 
AUMFs before we put people into harm’s way, before we start getting en-gaged in hostilities. 
So I have to tell you, I am frustrated 
not only by the inaction of the leader-ship of this House, the excuses of the leadership of this House. I am frus-trated by my friends who say, I am with you, but we will just get to it at some other point. I mean, how many months, how many years have to go by before we do our job? 
The gentleman talked about our con-
stitutional duty to protect the people of the United States. We also have a constitutional duty when it comes to war, and we are not living up to that at all. We are failing miserably, and it really is a disgrace, and it is a dis-service to the men and women whom we put into harm’s way. 
Secondly, Mr. Speaker, on the COOL 
legislation, let me remind my col-leagues that consumers, the American people, the people we are supposed to represent, are increasingly seeking more information and want more infor-mation about food source and produc-tion methods and want to make pur-chases from a trusted source. 
A 2013 Consumer Federation of Amer-
ica study found that 90 percent of Americans strongly support mandatory COOL for fresh meat and strongly favor requiring meat to be labeled with spe-cific information about where the ani-mals were born, raised, and processed. 
A 2010 Consumer Union study shows 
that 93 percent of consumers would prefer to have the country of origin label on the meat that they buy. That is what the American people want. 
And yet, rather than trying to re-
spond to that, the first inclination in the aftermath of this WTO ruling is to basically cave, saying, We don’t really care what the American people want. We are just going to cave. 
I think that is the wrong way to pro-
ceed, and I would urge my colleagues to vote against this COOL legislation. I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
3 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. C
ONAWAY ), the chairman of the 
Committee on Agriculture. 
Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
the gentleman from Washington State for giving me the opportunity to tes-tify today regarding the rule governing debate on H.R. 2393, the Country of Ori-gin Labeling Amendments Act of 2015. 
Country of origin labeling, or COOL 
for short, was first enacted for meat products as part of the 2002 farm bill. Implementation of the law was delayed until 2008. 
Less than 5 months after the COOL 
implementing rule was published, Can-ada and Mexico challenged the rule at the WTO, arguing that it had a trade- distorting impact by reducing the value and number of cattle and hogs shipped to the United States. 
The process has since progressed 
through the dispute settlement panel phase and a U.S. appeal to the WTO’s Appellate Body. In both instances, the WTO found that the way the regula-tions were implemented violated WTO obligations by discriminating against imported livestock. 
The United States was given until 
May 13, 2013, to bring its COOL regula-tions into compliance. In response, USDA issued a revised COOL rule in May of 2013 which required that pro-duction steps—born, raised, and slaughtered by origin country—be in-cluded on meat labels. The revised rule also prohibited the commingling of meat from imported and domestic live-stock. 
At the request of Canada and Mexico, 
the WTO established a compliance panel to determine if the revised rule brought the United States into compli-ance with the previous ruling. Canada and Mexico claimed that not only did the revised rule fail to bring the United States into compliance, but certain parts, especially the prohibition on commingling, were even more onerous than the original rule. 
A key criterion for current COOL im-
plementation is that it requires ‘‘seg-regation’’ of animals by country of ori-gin, which significantly raises the cost of utilizing imported livestock. The compliance panel report, released Octo-ber 20, 2014, upheld the earlier findings of discrimination. 
The United States appealed the com-
pliance panel report and on May 18, 2015, the WTO rejected, again, the United States appeal, and found for the fourth and, believe it or not, final time that the U.S. COOL requirements for beef and pork were unavoidably dis-criminatory. 
The final rule kick-starts the WTO 
process to determine the level of retal-iatory tariffs that Canada and Mexico can now impose on the United States, which has been widely predicted to have effects in the billions of dollars. 
During a hearing in the House Agri-
culture Committee’s Livestock and Foreign Agriculture Subcommittee to examine the implications of potential 
retaliation against the U.S., witnesses made it clear that losing the final ap-peal to the WTO and the inevitable im-pacts of retaliation against the United States would have a devastating im-pact on our economy. 
Witnesses included representatives 
from the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, the National Association of Manufac-turers, the National Confectioners As-sociation, the Wine Institute of Cali-fornia, National Cattlemen’s Beef Asso-ciation, National Pork Producers Council, and the National Farmers Union. 
Some have asked why we should act 
on the basis of a WTO decision. If COOL worked, perhaps there would be a response other than a repeal, but the fact is COOL is a marketing failure. In an April 2015 report to Congress, USDA explained that COOL requirements re-sult in extraordinary costs with no quantifiable benefits. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentleman has expired. 
Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
the gentleman an additional 30 sec-onds. 
Mr. CONAWAY. In response to those 
who argue that COOL enhances food safety, I have also maintained for over 10 years now that is simply not the case. If it were, then all meat served at restaurants would come with an infor-mation label of the meat’s origin. But it doesn’t, and that is because retail food establishments are exempt from the COOL requirements. 
In a May 1, 2015, letter to Congress, 
Secretary Vilsack reaffirmed the need for Congress to repeal the disputed COOL label requirements. In other words, if we go down this path with Canada to try to negotiate something they have no reason to negotiate on, it will fail as well. 
Repeal is the only viable option for 
us to avoid these retaliatory state-ments. Canada and Mexico have both said they are uninterested in negotia-tion. We are now at a point of fixing this. 
COOL repeal is the answer. This bill 
does that. I support the rule and the underlying legislation. 
Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, at this 
time it is my pleasure to yield 3 min-utes to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. B
LUMENAUER ). 
Mr. BLUMENAUER. I appreciate the 
gentleman’s courtesy. 
We have been involved with a long 
struggle in this Congress and Con-gresses before, dating back some 13 years, and even before that, about country of origin labeling. Do people have the right to know where their food comes from? 
As the gentleman from Massachu-
setts pointed out, the American public supports this. 
We have had a ruling from the WTO 
that does not prohibit country of ori-gin labeling. To the contrary, the case upheld the country’s right to require food labeling when it serves a broad 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:30 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JN7.026 H10JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4024 June 10, 2015 
public interest that does not lead to 
treatment of a foreign product in a less favorable way than a domestic one. 
We are rushing in a repeal that goes 
beyond just the disputed elements, add-ing poultry, and raising questions, I think, about our commitment to being able to give consumers what they want. 
There are those that would attach 
cost to this, but it also is in terms of what people want. 
And I think, we ought to take a deep 
breath. There is not going to be any re-taliatory tariffs that are going to be actually inflicted quickly. This is a process that is going to take months. 
The Brazilian cotton subsidies, about 
which I personally think Brazil was right—we had inappropriate cotton subsidies, and we are paying Brazilian cotton interests now because of our re-fusal to make our own cotton policies WTO-compliant. 
b1315 
That is another scandal, in my judg-
ment, that we are giving $148 million to Brazilian cotton farmers, because we are giving inappropriate subsidies to American cotton farmers when we have other priorities. 
But in this case, we have plenty of 
time in this Congress to follow regular order, to be able to carve out specific provisions that speak to the weakness in what the United States did. Because the United States, in enacting this for meat products, it was pretty con-voluted, and the American Government had been told before that it would not be WTO compliant. 
So this isn’t a surprise. It is not an 
emergency. It is a responsibility we have to try to make these adjustments. 
I don’t want to have our other indus-
tries penalized with retaliatory tariffs, and they won’t be, but we don’t have to pass this bill. We ought to deal with the underlying problems, be narrow, be specific, and uphold the right of Amer-ican consumers to have as much infor-mation as we can give them. 
So I would strongly recommend that 
we reject the rule and the underlying bill. Let’s have this conversation. Let’s do it right. And let’s make sure that we defend our right under WTO to have ap-propriate food labeling. 
Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, it is 
my pleasure to yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. A
LLEN ), 
another member of the Agriculture Committee. 
Mr. ALLEN. I thank the gentleman 
for yielding. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support 
of H.R. 2393, the Country of Origin La-beling Amendments Act of 2015. 
This very important legislation is a 
direct response to the fourth and final World Trade Organization ruling that mandatory country of origin labeling, or COOL, is anticompetitive and will allow Canada and Mexico to seek over $3 billion in tariffs on American prod-ucts, directly placing American pro-ducers at a competitive disadvantage. H.R. 2393 removes cattle, hogs, and 
chicken from COOL labeling to allow our producers to maintain access to two of our largest trading markets and protect U.S. exports from destructive sanctions. 
Again, I urge my colleagues to adopt 
this combined rule and vote in support of the COOL Amendments Act. I en-courage the Senate to move this legis-lation as quickly as possible so our pro-ducers can compete on a level playing field. 
Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
3 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. D
OGGETT ). 
Mr. DOGGETT. Mr. Speaker, country 
of origin labeling stands for the propo-sition that knowledge is power. The more knowledge you have, the better decisions that you can make. This is true about the food that you eat, and it is also true about the trade deals that we are being asked to swallow this week. 
With Fast Track hurtling down on us 
for a vote the day after tomorrow, this recent World Trade Organization deci-sion against the United States ought to serve as more than a blinking yellow light. It ought to be viewed as a giant red stoplight. 
The World Trade Organization ruled 
that it just isn’t ‘‘cool’’ to supply con-sumers more information. And while this decision may not actually overrule our law, what you are seeing today is the possibility—indeed, the prob-ability—of expensive retaliation against American exports unless we yield to this WTO decision. If you sup-port local decisionmaking, you need to consider the significance of our experi-ence at the World Trade Organization. 
There have previously been some 
challenges to United States laws just like this, and the record of the United States at the World Trade Organization when it is challenged is not one to be really proud of. We have had 6 wins and 66 losses. These are losses that have been sustained when other countries challenge our laws. 
Only recently, as my colleague from 
Connecticut R
OSA DELAURO and I at-
tempted to present an amendment to a bill to say that corporate deserters— those that leave our country and re-nounce their charters here in order to dodge taxes—ought not to be given government business paid for by our taxpayers, we had some organizations who came and said: You can’t do that. You can’t deny corporate deserters an opportunity to get money from other taxpayers for government work be-cause the World Trade Organization wouldn’t like it. 
So there is already a range of threats 
being used based on existing trade laws. Consider now what will happen when the number of those who can challenge decisions in this Congress, at the State level, and at the local level is multiplied geometrically because of the fact that now, under an investor- state dispute settlement provision, thousands of foreign corporations can challenge our regulations and our laws. 
Taxpayers will be exposed to unprece-dented amounts of liability because of our decision to protect the health, safe-ty, and welfare of the people that we represent. 
At least the World Trade Organiza-
tion, the group that decided this case, has an appeal process. There is no such appeal process for these cases that will be brought by foreign corporations. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentleman has expired. 
Mr. M
CGOVERN. I yield the gen-
tleman an additional 1 minute. 
Mr. DOGGETT. And the panels that 
will decide them are usually made up of a majority of private lawyers, who one day are litigating cases for multi-nationals and the next day are deciding these cases. 
If you agree that foreign investors 
should not receive greater rights than American investors, if you support local and State decisionmaking to keep our air and water and our environment clean without having to pay foreigners for the privilege of doing so, then there should be great concern about these trade deals that are being fast-tracked this week. 
We don’t have to look far to see the 
damage that could occur, because only three months ago, in Canada, it hap-pened when a local decision about ex-panding a quarry in an environ-mentally sensitive area was challenged successfully. That is an unfortunate decision. 
We need to be wary of these Fast- 
Track proposals and insist that they put us on the right track for more trade without jeopardizing the health and safety of Americans. I tried to do that in the Ways and Means Com-mittee, but, like every other amend-ment to put us on the right track, it was rejected. We need to reject that wrong track approach this week. 
Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
2 minutes to the good gentleman from Georgia (Mr. C
OLLINS ). 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. I thank the 
gentleman for yielding. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to voice my 
strong support for this rule and for the underlying bill, H.R. 2393, the Country of Origin Labeling Amendments Act. This bill repeals the country of origin labeling requirement for certain meat products because, as it currently stands, it threatens the economic live-lihood of farmers and ranchers in northeast Georgia and, really, across the Nation. 
Like so many other regulations that 
have been promulgated and upheld by this administration, it has achieved nothing but harm to our economy—not what it was ‘‘intended to do.’’ It does not improve food safety, and it now threatens to further devastate the abil-ity of America’s agriculture industry to provide for their families by vio-lating our trade obligations and en-couraging retaliation from two of our largest trading partners, Canada and Mexico. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:30 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JN7.051 H10JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4025 June 10, 2015 
I was sent to Washington to be the 
voice of 700,000 Americans who live in northeast Georgia. These hard-working Americans produce more chicken than any other district in the United States. And now, like so many other Ameri-cans, they are facing devastating finan-cial harm because of the COOL require-ment, which arbitrarily mandates that meat products have a label that shows what country they were produced in. 
You see, the WTO has ruled on four 
separate occasions that mandatory COOL requirements violate our obliga-tion to treat our trade partners fairly, just as we demand to be treated fairly by them. Now Canada and Mexico may seek to impose retaliatory tariffs against not only our meat exports, but exports on virtually every industry in the United States. 
Now I can’t imagine how knowing 
that a pork chop came from a pig that was born in Canada could possibly im-prove food safety, and I really can’t imagine it when we already require that all meat imports be inspected by at least the same standards that the USDA uses to inspect meat here at home, but I can tell you that it takes no imagination to foresee how this will impact our economy. Our trade part-ners will retaliate against us by taxing our exports. 
Retaliatory tariffs are expected on 
$493 million worth of Georgia exports alone. Nationally, tariffs will impact billions of dollars worth of exports. Chicken exports from my district will be taxed the moment they leave the country, and with 20 percent of chicken produced in the United States being ex-ported, the impact will be over-whelming. 
So what will happen if we fail to re-
peal these mandates? The hard-work-ing farmers in my district and in dis-tricts across the country will be unable to compete in the international mar-ket. 
We need to support this rule and the 
bill. 
Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself 1 minute. 
Mr. Speaker, again, let me say that 
this COOL repeal I think is a rash over-reaction to the WTO ruling, and I think that we owe it to the American people to try to figure out whether there is a middle ground here. 
And to answer my friend from Geor-
gia, who was like: Well, why do people want to know? Well, maybe the Amer-ican people want to support American farmers. Maybe they want to support the small- and medium-sized farms that are doing such incredible work all across this country. I don’t think that that is an outrageous idea. As I men-tioned before, there is overwhelming support for this. Ninety percent of the American people support this country of origin labeling. 
Let me suggest to my colleagues, 
let’s do something really radical. Let’s actually give the American people something that they want. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, at 
this point, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the 
gentleman from Michigan (Mr. B
ENISHEK ), another member of the Ag-
riculture Committee. 
Mr. BENISHEK. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today in support of H.R. 2393, the Coun-try of Origin Labeling Amendments Act of 2015, as well as the rule. 
Mr. Speaker, we oftentimes hear the 
debate that the mandatory COOL label is about food safety and protecting our food supply. Let me be clear. Manda-tory COOL labeling is not about food safety. No matter where our food comes from, regulations remain in place to ensure safety and traceability, regardless of origin. This debate is about the cost that a government-man-dated marketing program is having on our economy. 
The World Trade Organization has 
ruled against the United States four times in favor of Mexico and Canada, our largest trading partners. Over the next month, Canada and Mexico will begin seeking retaliatory damages against U.S. products from all over the country. In fact, Canada has already announced that it will seek more than $3 billion in retaliatory sanctions. These damages are real. They will af-fect farmers, manufacturers, and small-business owners in my State of Michigan and around the country. 
Michigan’s First District produces 70 
percent of the tart cherries in the country. We export a lot of these cher-ries to Canada. Canada has placed cher-ries on the list for retaliatory sanc-tions. 
We also produce other things in my 
district, like apples, pork, wine, maple syrup. Michigan is also famous for its auto and steel industry. Canada plans to target all of these things. These pen-alties are real. They will cost jobs, which is the last thing we can afford to lose right now. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
bill. 
Mr. M
CGOVERN. I reserve the bal-
ance of my time. 
Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Missouri (Mrs. H
ARTZLER ), another fine 
member of the Agriculture Committee. 
Mrs. HARTZLER. Mr. Speaker, I 
thank the gentleman from Texas and the gentleman from California for their leadership in bringing this legislation to the House floor. I will make my re-marks short and simple. 
Country of origin labeling, or COOL, 
has been a 13-year failed experiment in public policy. It provides little to no value for the consumer, raises costs for all producers, and has created a signifi-cant trade dispute with our number one and number two trading partners, Canada and Mexico. 
It is an embarrassment to our coun-
try that we have lost four times in the WTO court and now are facing signifi-cant retaliation from our two closest trading partners. This is particularly concerning when you consider that my home State of Missouri alone could face up to $623 million in economic 
losses from retaliation. 
America should be a leader in cre-
ating free and fair trade around the world by focusing on removing tariff and nontariff trade barriers, not cre-ating our own. 
Americans expect labels on their 
meat and other food products to clear-ly state the health and safety informa-tion. COOL goes beyond that, though, and has amounted to nothing more than a government-mandated mar-keting program that provides little to no value to producers and consumers. The only solution to this failed experi-ment in public policy is full repeal of the country of origin labeling law. 
I support the underlying bill and en-
courage my colleagues to vote for H.R. 2393. 
Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I 
would just say to the gentlewoman from Missouri that a lot of small- and medium-sized farmers strongly dis-agree with her. There are a lot of con-sumers who would like to support American farmers. Nine out of 10 Americans support country of origin labeling. Repealing this law would re-strict their access to critical informa-tion about the food they feed their families, making it impossible to avoid food from countries with poor safety records. 
b1330 
The WTO has repeatedly ruled that 
using country of origin labels to inform consumers about the source of the food that they eat is a legitimate goal. More than 60 other countries have done this successfully without sanctions. So in-stead of throwing out COOL entirely, we should study the successful models and develop an alternative system that still maintains our constituents’ access to the information that they demand. 
The legislation that we are talking 
about here today goes beyond the scope of the WTO case and repeals labeling requirements for ground beef, ground pork, and chicken, ultimately putting the interests of industrial meat proc-essors above the concerns of 90 percent of the American public. 
Again, it shouldn’t be a radical idea 
around here to try to do what the American people want. They want to know where their food is grown, where their food is produced. Let’s give it to them. Let’s try to work a compromise out here rather than just this knee- jerk bill that kind of throws the baby out with the bathwater. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NEWHOUSE. I have no more 
speakers, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, how 
much time remains? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Massachusetts has 61⁄2 
minutes remaining. The gentleman from Washington has 11 minutes re-maining. 
Mr. M
CGOVERN. I yield myself the 
balance of my time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:30 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JN7.029 H10JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4026 June 10, 2015 
Mr. Speaker, first of all, on the COOL 
repeal, I include for the R ECORD a let-
ter to Chairman C ONAWAY and to Rank-
ing Member P ETERSON signed by hun-
dreds of organizations—farm organiza-tions, consumer groups, labor groups, food safety groups, and I could go on and on and on—basically saying that this legislation that we are considering here today is a bad idea. 
JUNE8, 2015 . 
Hon. K. M ICHAEL CONAWAY , 
Chairman, House Agriculture Committee, 1301 
Longworth House Office Building, Wash-ington, DC. 
Hon. C
OLLIN PETERSON , 
Ranking Member, House Agriculture Committee, 
1301 Longworth House Office Building, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR CHAIRMAN CONAWAY AND RANKING  
MEMBER PETERSON : The undersigned 283 
farm, rural, faith, environmental, labor, farmworker, manufacturer and consumer or-ganizations respectfully urge you to reject the repeal of the Country-of-Origin Labeling (COOL) law and support commonsense food labeling. Polls show that nine out of ten Americans support COOL. Consumers con-tinue to demand more information about their food and producers want to share that information. 
Although the World Trade Organization 
(WTO) Appellate Body has issued its decision on COOL, the United States has a sovereign right to allow the dispute process to proceed to its completion and then decide how and whether to implement the adverse ruling. Our organizations remain steadfast in their opposition to any efforts to undermine COOL through repeal or any other measures. 
It is premature for the Congress to unilat-
erally surrender to saber-rattling from our trading partners in the midst of a long- standing dispute. COOL opponents have highlighted Mexico and Canada’s threats of retaliation as if their aspiration to seek bil-lions of dollars in penalties were already ap-proved by the WTO. But these unapproved, unrealistically high retaliation claims are merely aggressive litigation tactics designed to frighten the United States—a standard practice in WTO disputes. Congress should not fall for it. 
The WTO can only authorize penalties 
based on the extent to which COOL caused a reduction in the volume and price of live-stock imports. But the economic recession was the driving factor behind declining live-stock imports, not the application of a sim-ple label. 
Cattle imports are higher today than when 
COOL went into effect and hog imports are rapidly rebounding, even with COOL in place. This straightforward logic is but-tressed by a recent economic report from Au-burn University that demonstrates that COOL has not impacted the livestock trade and that any harm to our trading partners has in fact been negligible at most. 
Moreover, retaliation is only relevant if 
the United States, Canada and Mexico can-not reach an agreement after the parties have undergone the full WTO arbitration process. In past WTO disputes that the United States has lost, the United States has waited for the process to conclude and then has successfully avoided WTO-authorized trade sanctions by negotiating a settlement with the other country in the dispute. 
Finally, the proposed COOL repeal legisla-
tion is particularly extreme in that it would roll back commonsense labels that the WTO actually supported or that never even were raised in the WTO dispute. The legislation would repeal COOL for ground beef and ground pork as well as for chicken, but the WTO explicitly ruled that the COOL label on 
ground meat was WTO-legal, and the dispute never addressed chicken or other covered commodities (including seafood, fresh and frozen fruits and vegetables, goat, venison and some nuts). 
COOL is extremely important to our orga-
nizations and to the American public. We op-pose any legislation that would repeal any portion of the COOL law. We urge Congress to stand up for America’s consumers, farm-ers and ranchers by rejecting any effort to unilaterally repeal a popular food label even before the WTO process has concluded. Thank you for your consideration of this re-quest. 
Sincerely, 
AFL–CIO; AFL–CIO of Nebraska; Ala-
bama Contract Poultry Growers Asso-ciation; Alabama State Association of Cooperatives; Alaska Farmers Union; Alianza Nacional de Campesinas; Alter-native Energy Resources Organization (AERO) (MT); American Agriculture Movement; American Corn Growers In-stitute for Public Policy; American Federation of Government Employees (AFL–CIO), Local 3354, USDA-St. Louis; American Federation of State, County and Municipal Employees Local 2748 (WI); American Grassfed As-sociation; American Indian Mothers, Inc. (NC); American Raw Milk Pro-ducers Pricing Association; Angelic Organics Learning Center and Farm (IL); Arkansas Farmers Union; Ash-tabula, Geauga, Lake County (OH) Farmers’ Union; Berks (PA) Gas Truth; Berkshire Organics (MA); BioRegional Strategies; 
Bold Nebraska; Boots on the Ground, 
LLC; Boston Food & Farm PBC (MA); Buckeye Quality Beef Association (OH); Buffalo Mountain Coop (VT); California Dairy Campaign; California Farmers Union; Campaign for Contract Agriculture Reform; Campaign for Family Farms and the Environment; Caney Fork Headwaters Association (TN); Carbon County Resource Council (MT); Carolina Farm Stewardship As-sociation (NC); Catholic Charities of Central and Northern Missouri-Social Services Office/Diocese of Jefferson City; National Catholic Rural Life Con-ference; Cattle Producers of Louisiana; Cattle Producers of Washington; Cen-ter for Earth Spirituality and Rural Ministry (MN); Center for Family Farm Development (GA); Center for Food Safety; Center for Foodborne Ill-ness Research & Prevention; 
Center for Media and Democracy’s Food 
Rights Network; Center for Rural Af-fairs; Central Co-op (WA); Chicago Con-sumer Coalition; Church Women United in New York State; Citizen Ac-tion Coalition of Indiana; Citizens for Sanity.Com, Inc. (FL); City Market Onion River Co-op (VT); Cleanwater Action Council of Northeast Wisconsin; Coalition for a Prosperous America; Colorado Independent CattleGrowers Association; Communication Workers of America; Communication Workers of America Nebraska State Council; Community Alliance for Global Justice (WA); Community Farm Alliance (KY); Community Food and Justice Coalition (CA); Connecticut Families Against Chemical Trespass; Consumer Action; Consumer Assistance Council, Inc.; Consumer Federation of America; Con-sumer Federation of California; 
Consumers Union; Contract Poultry 
Growers Association of the Virginias; Cooperative Grocer Network; The Cor-nucopia Institute; Cornucopia Network NJ/TN Chapter; Cottonwood Resource 
Council (MT); Crawford Stewardship Project (WI); Cumberland Countians for Ecojustice (TN); Dakota Resource Council; Dakota Rural Action of SD; Dawson Resource Council (MT); De-troit Coalition Against Tar Sands; East New York Farms!/United Community Centers; EcoHermanas; Ecological Farming Association (CA); The Ecol-ogy Center (CA); The Ecology Party of Florida; Endangered Habitats League (CA); Equal Exchange; Fair World Project (OR); 
Family Farm Defenders (WI); Farm Aid; 
Farm and Ranch Freedom Alliance; Farmworker Association of Florida; Federation of Southern Cooperatives/ Land Assistance Fund; Federation of Southern Cooperatives/Rural Training and Research Center (AL); Fiddleheads Natural Food Cooperative (CT); Florida Alliance for Consumer Protection; Food & Water Watch; Food Chain Workers Alliance; Food Democracy Now!; Food for Maine’s Future; Friends of the Earth U.S.; Global Justice Ecol-ogy Project; GMO Free New Jersey; GMO Free Pennsylvania; GMO-Free Florida; Grand Forks County Citizens Coalition (ND); Grassroots Inter-national; Grow Youngstown (OH); 
Hanover Consumer Cooperative Society, 
Inc. (NH); Hawaii Farmers Union United; Hmong National Development, Inc.; Hunger Action Los Angeles; Idaho Organization of Resource Councils; Illi-nois Farmers Union; Illinois Steward-ship Alliance; Independent Beef Asso-ciation of North Dakota (I-BAND); Independent Cattlemen of Nebraska; Independent Cattlemen of Wyoming; Independent Cattlemen’s Association of Texas; Indian Nations Conservation Alliance; Indiana Farmers Union; Insti-tute for Agriculture and Trade Policy; Institute for Rural America (IA); Inter-church Ministries of Nebraska; Inter-national Brotherhood of Teamsters; Intertribal Agriculture Council; Iowa Citizens for Community Improvement; Iowa Farmers Union; Johns Hopkins Center for a Livable Future (MD); 
Kansas Cattlemen’s Association; Kansas 
Farmers Union; Kansas National Farm-ers Organization; Kansas Rural Center; LabeIGMOS.org; Land Stewardship Project (MN); Leverett Village Coop (MA); Local Futures/International So-ciety for Ecology and Culture; Long Beach Food Policy Council (CA); 
Lowcountry Local First (SC); MA Right to Know GMOs; Maine Fair Trade Campaign; Maine Organic Farm-ers and Gardeners Association (MOFGA); The Manufacturers Associa-tion of Central New York; Massachu-setts Consumers’ Council, Inc.; Michael Fields Agricultural Institute (WI); Michigan Farmers Union; Michigan Food & Farming Systems; Michigan Organic Food and Farm Alliance; Middlebury Natural Foods Co-op (VT); 
Midwest Organic Dairy Producers Asso-
ciation; Midwest Environmental Advo-cates, Inc. (WI); Milwaukee Fair Trade Coalition (WI); Minnesota Farmers Union; Minnesota National Farmers Organization; Mississippi Assoc. of Co-operatives; Missouri Farmers Union; Missouri National Farmers Organiza-tion; Missouri Rural Crisis Center; Mis-souri’s Best Beef Cooperative; Monad-nock Food Co-op (NH); Montana Farm-ers Union; Montana Women Involved in Farm Economics; Montgomery Coun-tryside Alliance; Murray County (OK) Independent Cattlemen’s Association; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:30 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JN7.030 H10JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4027 June 10, 2015 
National Center for Appropriate Tech-
nology; National Co-op Grocers; Na-tional Consumers League; National Family Farm Coalition; National Farmers Organization; 
National Farmers Union; National 
Hmong American Farmers, Inc.; Na-tional Latino Farmers & Ranchers Trade Association; National Organic Coalition; National Sustainable Agri-culture Coalition; National Young Farmers Coalition; Nature Abounds; Near East Side Cooperative Market (OH); Nebraska Alliance for Retired Americans; Nebraska Easement Action Team; Nebraska Farmers Union; Ne-braska League of Conservation Voters; Nebraska Sierra Club; Nebraska State Grange; Nebraska Sustainable Agri-culture Society; Nebraska Wildlife Federation; Nebraska Women Involved in Farm Economics; Nebraskans for Peace; Neighboring Food Co-op Asso-ciation (MA); Network for Environ-mental & Economic Responsibility of United Church of Christ; 
Nevada Live Stock Association; New 
England Farmers Union (CT, MA, ME, NH, RI, VT); New York National Farm-ers Organization; New York Women In-volved in Farm Economics; NH Right to Know GMO; North Carolina Con-sumers Council; North Dakota AFL– CIO; North Dakota Farmers Union; Northeast Organic Dairy Producers Al-liance; Northeast Organic Farming Assoc.—MA; Northeast Organic Farm-ing Assoc.—NH; Northeast Organic Fanning Assoc.—NJ; Northeast Organic Farming Assoc.—NY; Northern New Mexico Stockman’s Association; Northern Plains Resource Council (MT); Northern Wisconsin Beef Pro-ducers Assoc.; Northwest Atlantic Ma-rine Alliance (MA); Northwest Farmers Union; Oglala Sioux Livestock and Land Owners Association (SD); Ohio Ecological Food and Farm Association; 
Ohio Environmental Council; Ohio Envi-
ronmental Stewardship Alliance; Ohio Farmers Union; Oklahoma Black His-torical Research Project; Operation Spring Plant, Inc. (NC); Oregon Rural Action; Oregon Rural Action Blue Mountain Chapter Food & Ag Policy Team; Oregonians for Safe Farms and Families; Organic Consumers Associa-tion; Organic Farmers’ Agency for Re-lationship Marketing (OFARM); Or-ganic Seed Alliance; Organic Seed Growers & Trade Association 
(OSGATA); Organizacion en California de Lideres Campesinas, Inc.; Organiza-tion for Competitive Markets; PCC Natural Markets (WA); Peach Bottom Concerned Citizens Group (PBCCG) (PA); Pennsylvania Farmers Union; Pennypack Farm and Education Center (PA); Pesticide Action Network North America; 
Powder River Basin Resource Council 
(WY); Progressive Agriculture Organi-zation (PA); Provender Alliance (OR); Public Citizen; R-CALF United Stockgrowers of America; Raritan Headwaters Association (NJ); Real Food Challenge (MA); Real Food for Kids—Montgomery (MD); Real Pickles Cooperative, Inc. (MA); Right to Know Minnesota; River Valley Market (MA); Rocky Mountain Farmers Union; Roots of Change (CA); Rosebud Protective As-sociation (MT); Rural & Agricultural Council of America; Rural Advance-ment Foundation International—USA (RAFIUSA); Rural Coalition/Coalicion Rural; Rural Development Leadership Network (NY); Rural Vermont; Rutland Area Food Co-op (VT); Sac-
ramento Natural Foods Co-op (CA); Seacoast Eat Local (NH); Slow Food Nebraska; Slow Food USA; Small Plan-et Institute; Socially Responsible Agri-cultural Project; Society of Profes-sional Engineering Employees in Aero-space, IFPTE Local 2001 (WA, KS); South Agassiz Resource Council (ND); The South County Food Co-op (RI); South Dakota Farmers Union; South Dakota Livestock Auction Markets As-sociation; South Dakota Stockgrowers Association; South Dakota Women In-volved in Farm Economics; Southwest Nebraska Women Involved in Farm Ec-onomics; Springfield Food Co-op (VT); Stone Valley Coop & Cafe ´(VT); Texas 
Farmers Union; Tilth Producers of Washington; 
Tooling, Manufacturing and Tech-
nologies Assoc. (MI); Toxics Informa-tion Project; U.S. Cattlemen’s Associa-tion; U.S. Public Interest Research Group (USPIRG); United Church of Christ Justice and Witness Ministries; United Steel Workers Local 1188 (ME); United Steel Workers Local 900 (ME); Vermont National Farmers Organiza-tion; Virginia Association for Biologi-cal Farming; Virginia Citizens Con-sumer Council; Walter’s Signs (NJ); Waterkeeper Alliance; Western Colo-rado Congress; Western Organization of Resource Councils (WORC); Western Sustainable Agriculture Working Group; Western Wisconsin AFL–CIO; Wild Oats Market (MA); Willimantic Food Coop (CT); Wisconsin Fair Trade Coalition; Wisconsin Farmers Union; Women Involved in Farm Economics; Women’s Environmental Institute; World Farmers; Yellowstone Valley Citizens Council (MT). 
Mr. M CGOVERN. Again, I would just 
say to my colleagues on this legisla-tion, the American people do not want a total repeal. Nine out of ten Ameri-cans support country of origin labeling. We ought to work out a good com-promise so the American people can get what they want and have access to the knowledge about their food that they want. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on the rule with regard to 
this and ‘‘no’’ on the underlying bill. 
Mr. Speaker, I also want to say a few 
words about the Defense Appropria-tions bill. And for the viewing public who are watching this and who are try-ing to figure out what does country of origin labeling have to do with a De-fense Appropriations bill, I would again remind them that the Republican lead-ership and the Republicans on the Rules Committee have this new tech-nique of bunching diverse pieces of leg-islation together under one rule to sti-fle debate and to make it more difficult for people to have their say on these important bills and to try to confuse things. 
But I do think that it is important 
that people understand that the De-fense Appropriations bill is given a role under this rule, and I would urge my colleagues to think long and hard be-fore they vote. I would urge them to vote ‘‘no’’ on the Defense Appropria-tions bill for a whole number of rea-sons, notwithstanding the slush fund, the so-called OCO account, that is playing fast and loose with the num-bers so that my Republican colleagues 
don’t have to deal with the issue of se-questration. But I would also urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on this, be-cause this bill will appropriate billions of more dollars for a war in the Middle East that Congress hasn’t had the guts to debate and vote on. 
It has been 10 months—10 months— 
thousands of our troops have been de-ployed into harm’s way. The President announced last night we are estab-lishing a new base in Iraq. Close to 500 more American troops are going to be deployed in Iraq, and not a single de-bate in this Congress, not a single vote 
on whether this is the best strategy. 
The President has submitted his 
AUMF. I think it is too broad; some people think it is too restrictive. But it is up to the Congress to fashion an AUMF that gets 218 votes or to vote to bring our troops home. That is the choice. But doing nothing is not a choice. That is an abrogation of our constitutional responsibilities. 
Every single Member should be 
ashamed of the fact that 10 months into this war we haven’t done a thing. How do you explain that to your con-stituents whose sons and daughters have been placed into harm’s way? How do you explain that to your constitu-ents that we are mostly borrowing $3.5 million an hour to pay for these wars, but we don’t have the time to debate it or to vote on it? 
Mr. Speaker, I will include for the 
R
ECORD two articles. The first one is an 
Associated Press article, entitled, ‘‘U.S. to Send More Troops to Iraq for Expanded Training Mission’’; and the other is a New York Times article, en-titled, ‘‘U.S. Embracing a New Ap-proach on Battling ISIS in Iraq.’’ 
[From the Associated Press, Jun. 10, 2015] 
U.S. T OSENDMORETROOPS TO IRAQ FOR  
EXPANDED TRAINING MISSION  
(By Robert Burns and Lolita C. Baldor) 
JERUSALEM .—An expected White House de-
cision to send several hundred more troops to Iraq to expand training of Iraqi forces in Anbar province is not a shift in U.S. strategy but is aimed at helping Iraq retake the pro-vincial capital, Ramadi, and eventually blunt the Islamic State’s battlefield momen-tum. 
The decision, which could be announced as 
soon as Wednesday, would increase the num-ber of U.S. training sites in Iraq from four to five and enable a larger number of Iraqis— mostly Sunni tribal volunteers, in this case—to join the fight against the Islamic militant group. It is consistent with the overall U.S. approach of building up Iraqi forces while simultaneously conducting aer-ial bombing of Islamic State targets. 
U.S. officials have said repeatedly that get-
ting the Sunnis more deeply involved in the war is critical to ousting IS from Anbar. 
It leaves open, however, the larger ques-
tion of whether the Shiite-led Iraqi govern-ment will make the troop commitments nec-essary to oust the Islamic State from Ramadi, which the militants captured last month, and Fallujah, which they have held for more than a year. Up to now, Iraqi offi-cials have chosen to deploy most U.S.- trained Iraqi troops in defensive formations around Baghdad, the capital. 
President Barack Obama has ruled out 
sending U.S. ground combat forces to Iraq. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:30 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JN7.006 H10JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4028 June 10, 2015 
There now are slightly fewer than 3,100 U.S. 
troops there in training, advising, security and other support roles. The U.S. also is fly-ing bombing missions as well as aerial recon-naissance and intelligence-gathering mis-sions to degrade the Islamic State’s forces, while counting on Iraqi ground troops to re-take lost territory. 
A U.S. official said Wednesday that the 
extra U.S. training site will be at al- Taqqadum, a desert air base that was a U.S. military hub during the 2003–2011 war. Estab-lishing the training camp will require be-tween 400 and 500 U.S. troops, including trainers, logisticians and security personnel, the official said, speaking on condition of an-onymity because a final administration deci-sion had not been announced. 
The U.S. already is training Iraqi troops at 
four sites—two in the vicinity of Baghdad, one at al-Asad air base in Anbar province and one near Irbil in northern Iraq. 
The addition of one training site is a mod-
est tweak to the existing U.S. approach in Iraq. It was unclear Wednesday how many more Iraqi troops could be added to the fight against IS in coming months by opening one new training base. One official said the training at al-Taqqadum is likely to being this summer. 
Over the past year the U.S. has trained ap-
proximately 9,000 Iraqi troops. 
The new plan is not likely to include the 
deployment of U.S. forces closer to the front lines to either call in airstrikes or advise smaller Iraqi units in battle, officials said. One official, however, said the adjustment may include a plan for expediting the deliv-ery of arms and military equipment to some elements of the Iraqi military. 
On Tuesday, Gen. Martin Dempsey, chair-
man of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, said in Je-rusalem that he has recommended changes to President Barack Obama but he offered no assessment of when decisions would be made and announced. He suggested the president was considering a number of questions, in-cluding what adjustments to U.S. military activities in Afghanistan and elsewhere in the world might be needed if the U.S. does more in Iraq. 
Dempsey said the Pentagon also is review-
ing ways to improve the effectiveness of its air campaign, which is a central pillar of Obama’s strategy for enabling Iraqi ground forces to recapture territory held by the Is-lamic State. 
Obama said Monday that the United States 
still lacks a ‘‘complete strategy’’ for train-ing Iraqi forces. He also urged Iraq’s Shiite- dominated government to allow more of the nation’s Sunnis to join the campaign against the violent militant group. 
Dempsey said Obama recently asked his 
national security team to examine the train- and-equip program and determine ways to make it more effective. Critics have ques-tioned the U.S. approach, and even Defense Secretary Ash Carter has raised doubts by saying the collapse of Iraqi forces in Ramadi last month suggested the Iraqis lack a ‘‘will to fight.’’ 
The viability of the U.S. strategy is hotly 
debated in Washington, with some calling for U.S. ground combat troops or at least the embedding of U.S. air controllers with Iraqi ground forces to improve the accuracy and effectiveness of U.S. and coalition airstrikes. Dempsey was not specifically asked about that but gave no indication that Obama has dropped his resistance to putting U.S. troops into combat in Iraq. 
‘‘What he’s asked us to do is to take a look 
back at what we’ve learned over the last eight months of the train-and-equip pro-gram, and make recommendations to him on whether there are capabilities that we may want to provide to the Iraqis to actually make them more capable . . . whether there 
are other locations where we might establish training sites,’’ and look for ways to develop Iraqi military leaders, he said. 
Dempsey said there will be no radical 
change to the U.S. approach in Iraq. Rather, 
it is a recognition that the effort has either been too slow or has allowed setbacks where ‘‘certain units have not stood and fought.’’ He did not mention the Ramadi rout specifi-cally, but Dempsey previously has said the Iraqis drove out of the city on their own. 
‘‘Are there ways to give them more con-
fidence?’’ This, he said, is among the ques-tions Obama wanted Dempsey and others to answer. 
[From the New York Times, June 10, 2015] 
U.S. E MBRACING A NEWAPPROACH ON  
BATTLING ISIS INIRAQ 
(By Michael R. Gordon) 
WASHINGTON .—In a major shift of focus in 
the battle against the Islamic State, the Obama administration is planning to estab-lish a new military base in Anbar Province, Iraq, and to send up to 450 more American military trainers to help Iraqi forces retake the city of Ramadi. 
The White House on Wednesday is expected 
to announce a plan that follows months of behind-the-scenes debate about how promi-nently plans to retake Mosul, another Iraqi city that fell to the Islamic State last year, should figure in the early phase of the mili-tary campaign against the group. 
The fall of Ramadi last month effectively 
settled the administration debate, at least for the time being. American officials said Ramadi was now expected to become the focus of a lengthy campaign to regain Mosul at a later stage, possibly not until 2016. 
The additional American troops will arrive 
as early as this summer, a United States of-ficial said, and will focus on training Sunni fighters with the Iraqi Army. The official called the coming announcement ‘‘an adjust-ment to try to get the right training to the right folks.’’ 
The troops will set up the training center 
primarily to advise and assist Iraqi security forces and to engage and reach out to Sunni tribes in Anbar, a senior United States offi-cial said. The focus for the Americans will be to try to accelerate the integration of Sunni fighters into the Iraqi Army, which is domi-nated by Shiites. That will be an uphill task as many of the Sunni fighters in the area do not trust the Iraqi Army. 
But the Obama administration hopes is 
that the outreach will reduce the Iraqi mili-tary’s reliance on Shiite militias to take back territory from the Islamic State. ‘‘The Sunnis want to be part of the fight,’’ the offi-cial said, speaking on the condition of ano-nymity. ‘‘This will help empower them, cre-ating more recruits and more units to fight ISIL,’’ he added, using another acronym for the Islamic State. 
He said the arms and equipment sent will 
go to the Iraqi government forces in Anbar, not directly to the Sunni tribes, adding that the new strategy was not a change in policy to directly arm Sunnis, but rather a faster way to get equipment and arms to the bat-tlefield, which the Iraqi government had re-quested. 
The United States Central Command’s em-
phasis on retaking Mosul depended critically on efforts to retrain the Iraqi Army, which appear to have gotten off to a slow start. Some Iraqi officials also thought the sched-ule for taking Mosul was unrealistic, and some bridled when an official from the Cen-tral Command told reporters in February that an assault to capture the city was planned for this spring. 
Now, pending approval by the White House, 
plans are being made to use Al Taqqadum, an Iraqi base near the town of Habbaniya, as an-
other training hub for the American-led coa-lition. 
Alistair Baskey, a National Security Coun-
cil spokesman, said that the administration hoped to accelerate the training and equip-ping of Iraqi security forces, and that ‘‘those options include sending additional trainers.’’ The United States now has about 3,000 troops, including trainers and advisers, in Iraq. But the steps envisioned by the White House are likely to be called half-measures by critics because they do not call for an ex-pansion of the role of American troops, such as the use of spotters to call in airstrikes. 
There has long been debate within the ad-
ministration about what the first steps in the campaign should be. Led by Gen. Lloyd J. Austin III, the Central Command has long emphasized the need to strike a blow against the Islamic State by recapturing Mosul, Iraq’s second-largest city, which was taken by the group in June 2014. Mosul is the cap-ital of Nineveh Province in northern Iraq and was the site of a sermon that Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, the leader of the Islamic State, defiantly delivered in July. The Baiji refin-ery, a major oil complex, is on a main road to Mosul. 
While General Austin was looking north, 
State Department officials have highlighted the strategic importance of Anbar Province in western Iraq. 
Anbar is home to many of Iraq’s Sunni 
tribes, whose support American officials hope to enlist in the struggle against the Is-lamic State. Ramadi, the provincial capital of Anbar, is less than 70 miles from Baghdad, and the province borders Saudi Arabia and Jordan, two important members of the coali-tion against the Islamic State. The differing perspectives within the administration came to the fore in April when Gen. Martin E. Dempsey, the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, asserted that Ramadi was not central to the future of Iraq. The Islamic State’s capture of Ramadi last month also punc-tured the administration’s description that the group was on the defensive. 
Iraqis are ISIS, are Sunni, are Shia. But 
we’ll train whomever shows up and give them weapons and air support. At what point does U.S ....  
Suddenly, it appeared that the Islamic 
State, not the American-led coalition, was on the march. Prime Minister Haider al- Abadi of Iraq scrambled to assemble a plan to regain the city. 
The Islamic State now controls two pro-
vincial capitals, as well as the city of Falluja. With the help of American air power, the Iraqis have retaken Tikrit, north-west of Baghdad, but so many buildings there are still rigged with explosives that many of its residents have been unable to re-turn. 
To assemble a force to retake Ramadi, the 
number of Iraqi tribal fighters in Anbar who are trained and equipped is expected to in-crease to as many as 10,000 from about 5,500. 
More than 3,000 new Iraqi soldiers are to be 
recruited to fill the ranks of the Seventh Iraqi Army division in Anbar and the Eighth Iraqi Army division, which is in Habbaniya, where the Iraqi military operations center for the province is also based. 
But to the frustration of critics like Sen-
ator John McCain, Republican of Arizona, who say that the United States is losing the initiative to the Islamic State, the Obama administration has yet to approve the use of American spotters on the battlefield to call in airstrikes in and around Ramadi. Nor has it approved the use of Apache helicopter gunships to help Iraqi troops retake the city. 
General Dempsey alluded to the plan to ex-
pand the military footprint in Iraq during a visit to Israel on Tuesday, saying that he 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:30 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JN7.007 H10JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4029 June 10, 2015 
had asked war commanders to look into ex-
panding the number of training sites for Iraqi forces. The United States is not the only country that is expanding its effort. 
Britain’s prime minister, David Cameron, 
said this week that his country would send up to 125 additional troops to train Iraqi forces, including in how to clear improvised bombs. 
Italy is also expected to play an important 
role in training the Iraqi police. 
Helene Cooper contributed reporting from 
Jerusalem. 
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, this 
House, this Congress, is not working. The fact that we can be in the middle of a new war, spending all these re-sources, committing all these young lives into harm’s way, and we can’t even bring an AUMF to the floor to have a debate, it is appalling. I don’t know how we can face our constitu-ents, look them in the eye, and say we are doing our job here. We are not. I don’t know anything more important that we should debate and deliberate on than war. I mean, war is a big deal. The unfortunate thing in this institu-tion, war has become too easy. I am tired of the excuses, and I am tired of the whining. The President has done what he is supposed to do. Everybody has done what they are supposed to do except us. I am not going to vote for any bill that appropriates more money for a war that we don’t even have the guts to authorize. 
So, Mr. Speaker, again I urge my col-
leagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on this grab bag rule, vote ‘‘no’’ on this ridiculous COOL repeal, and vote ‘‘no’’ on the de-fense appropriations bill. Let’s vote these down and come back and do our job the way the American people ex-pect us to do our job. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself the balance of my time, and let me say thank you to the gentleman from Massachusetts and the points he raises. I enjoy serving on the Rules Committee with Mr. M
CGOVERN . 
Let me just say, this Congress, we 
are on track to be one of the most pro-ductive Congresses in many, many years, and part of the reason is the use of the compound rule, which provides for separate consideration of each un-derlying measure under a single rule. It helps expedite legislative business. Consideration of one rule allows the House more time to debate the under-lying measures. It has given us the op-portunity to achieve that efficiency and that effectiveness and produc-tivity. 
Mr. M
CGOVERN. Will the gentleman 
yield for a 10-second question? 
Mr. NEWHOUSE. I yield to the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts for a 10- second question. 
Mr. M
CGOVERN. How does this rule 
give us more time to debate the COOL repeal? It is a pretty straightforward, limited debate that we are given. I would argue that what you are doing is denying us the right to debate appro-priately these important issues. We are not saving time. What the Republican majority is doing is limiting our oppor-
tunity. 
Mr. NEWHOUSE. Reclaiming my 
time after that 10-second question, the Agriculture Committee has had ample time for debate on that question. We are bringing forward what is a very critical decision that has to be made in a very limited timeframe, and so it is an appropriate approach to addressing this issue. 
Mr. Speaker, the issues we are con-
sidering today have serious con-sequences for the security and eco-nomic well-being of our country, which is why I am urging my colleagues to support this rule and the underlying bills. 
H.R. 2685 is an important measure 
that funds our Nation’s national de-fense and its critical national security programs. It provides the resources needed to continue our essential mili-tary efforts abroad and addresses the vital needs of our men and women in uniform. 
An effective, well-equipped, well- 
trained military is in the best interest of all Americans and is indispensable to the common defense of our country. This bill includes vital funding for the U.S. military and intelligence commu-nity as they remain engaged in re-sponding to these challenges abroad. This bill also makes difficult budg-etary choices that will help us save taxpayer dollars wherever possible, but it does so without undermining the safety, the security, and the success of our troops and their families. 
With the rise of ISIS, the continued 
presence of al Qaeda, the emergence and growth of terrorist groups in North Africa, near systemic instability across the Middle East, and the ongoing situa-tion in Ukraine, our military must re-main strong and ready to address evolving threats both at home and abroad. 
Our highest national priority should 
always be the protection of our coun-try, and the funding levels in this bill will ensure our military remains the most capable, prepared, and excep-tional armed force anywhere in the world. To me the choice is clear. What side are we on? We choose to be on the side of our troops, and I am proud to support this bill and the important funding it provides our Nation’s mili-tary, security, and our courageous men and women in uniform. 
This rule also provides for the consid-
eration of H.R. 2393, the Country of Ori-gin Labeling Amendments Act, a meas-ure that warrants immediate and seri-ous consideration by both Houses of Congress, because the ramifications of doing nothing will be severe and could imperil many sectors of our country, from ranchers and grape growers to manufacturers and exporters. 
With only 37 days left to respond, the 
threat of retaliation is very real. My friends on the other side of the aisle may argue that we have more time to address this issue, but the reality is time is simply running out. For over 7 years, we have been trying to rectify 
this issue. WTO’s latest verdict, handed down on May 18, is our fourth and final loss in the court proceedings. Now both Canada and Mexico have publicly stat-ed they will retaliate against the United States, and the official request for retaliation is set to occur on June 17. This is not an idle threat. It is not saber rattling. Last week, Canada an-nounced that it will seek $3 billion in 
retaliatory measures, and Mexico stat-ed it will be seeking tariffs totaling $635 million. 
Even before retaliation, COOL has 
had a negative economic impact in many areas across the country. Tyson Foods has a plant in my district, and given the proximity to Canada, this plant in Pasco depends on Canadian cattle. However, under COOL, the plant cannot commingle U.S. and Canadian cattle. They have to be run in separate lines, and the plant has to use multiple labels depending on the origin of those cattle. COOL has increased the Pasco facility’s operating costs due to the re-quirements and inefficiencies involved with the segregation of the cattle; and with less animals available across the Pacific Northwest, the plant is cur-rently operating at less than 40 hours per week, leading to less money being put into the local economy from less compensation from employers. 
Mr. Speaker, COOL threatens the 
trade relationships we have with two of our biggest markets for the export of U.S. meat and agricultural products. If we don’t repeal the requirements of COOL, we are in violation of our WTO obligations. As I said, we could face bil-lions of dollars in retaliation that would hurt farmers and ranchers, small businesses, and, yes, American con-sumers. We need this legislation now in order to prevent those retaliatory ac-tions and to bring the United States into compliance with our WTO obliga-tions, which can only be done by re-pealing these provisions. 
Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the discus-
sion we have had over the last hour. Although we may have some dif-ferences of opinion—we usually do—I believe this rule and the underlying bills are strong measures that are im-portant to the future of our country. I urge my colleagues to support House Resolution 303 and the underlying bills. 
Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, today I rise 
against yet another closed rule on an issue that deserves weeks of open, transparent de-bate: trade. 
This House is debating whether or not to re-
peal a consumer protection measure that 9 in 10 Americans support—country of origin label-ing on meat in our grocery stores. This essen-tial provision could be reversed in one fell swoop all because the World Trade Organiza-tion has decided that those labels hurt Mexico and Canada, our so-called ‘‘Trading Partners,’’ who have threatened the United States with billions of dollars in sanctions if we don’t capit-ulate. 
The WTO’s ruling highlights yet another ex-
ample of a trading system that benefits foreign competitors and global corporations at the ex-pense of the American consumer. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:30 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A10JN7.004 H10JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4030 June 10, 2015 
I hope my colleagues will remember this 
vote when the House turns its attention to fast track and the Trans-Pacific Partnership free trade agreement. 
Advocates of fast track are selling the Amer-
ican people a flawed trade deal which has been negotiated in secret by multi-national corporations. This trade deal, which pro-ponents will tell you will reinvigorate the mid-dle class, create jobs, and strengthen the American economy, will do just the opposite. What’s more, the president wants to cir-cumvent congressional authority by stopping debate and using fast track to ram a bad deal through this chamber. 
Not only will fast track and the Trans-Pacific 
Partnership cause serious harm to the Amer-ican worker, they threaten American sov-ereignty, and this repeal bill is a prime exam-ple of that. 
Not only does this silence the voice of the 
American people, it cuts out the People’s House and would topple even more consumer protections. 
From changing fuel efficiency standards, 
limiting access to prescription drugs, weak-ening the Clean Air Act, and more, the TPP is not simply about trade, it puts every facet of our daily lives at risk. 
I urge my colleagues to reconsider their 
path forward and work for the American peo-ple, not against them. 
Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the res-olution. 
The previous question was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the resolution. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, on 
that I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, this 15- minute vote on adoption of House Res-olution 303 will be followed by 5-minute votes on the motion to suspend the rules and agree to H. Res. 295 and agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 244, nays 187, not voting 2, as follows: 
[Roll No. 330] 
YEAS—244 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck 
Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney 
Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs 
Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar 
Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer 
Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino 
McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross 
Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) 
Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—187 
Aguilar 
Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings 
Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa 
Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn Maloney, Sean 
Massie Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan 
Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) 
Speier 
Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—2 
Adams Flores 
b1411 
Mr. CLEAVER changed his vote from 
yea to nay. 
So the resolution was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
SUPPORTING LOCAL LAW 
ENFORCEMENT AGENCIES 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. P OE 
of Texas). The unfinished business is the vote on the motion to suspend the rules and agree to the resolution (H. Res. 295) supporting local law enforce-ment agencies in their continued work to serve our communities, and sup-porting their use of body worn cameras to promote transparency to protect both citizens and officers alike, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. 
The Clerk read the title of the resolu-
tion. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ) that the House suspend 
the rules and agree to the resolution. 
This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 421, nays 6, answered ‘‘present’’ 1, not voting 5, as follows: 
[Roll No. 331] 
YEAS—421 
Abraham 
Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) 
Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon 
Burgess Bustos Butterfield Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:30 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JN7.020 H10JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4031 June 10, 2015 
Clarke (NY) 
Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) 
Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna 
Hardy Harper Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) 
Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry 
McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nunes O’Rourke Olson Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) 
Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) 
Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry 
Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—6 
Harris Nugent Palazzo 
Perry Rooney (FL) 
Ross 
ANSWERED ‘‘PRESENT’’—1 
Jolly 
NOT VOTING—5 
Adams Byrne Flores 
Messer Webster (FL) 
b1421 
So (two-thirds being in the affirma-
tive) the rules were suspended and the resolution was agreed to. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
Stated for: Mr. WEBSTER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, on 
rollcall No. 331 I was unable to register my vote. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
f 
THE JOURNAL 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-
finished business is the question on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. 
The question is on the Speaker’s ap-
proval of the Journal. 
This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 256, nays 168, answered ‘‘present’’ 2, not voting 7, as follows: 
[Roll No. 332] 
YEAS—256 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amodei Barletta Barr Barton Beatty Becerra Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brown (FL) Buchanan 
Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castro (TX) Chabot Chu, Judy Cicilline Clay Cleaver Cohen Cole Collins (NY) Comstock Conyers Cook Cooper 
Cramer Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeGette DeLauro DelBene Dent DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards 
Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty 
Farr Fattah Fincher Fleischmann Forbes Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Grayson Green, Al Griffith Grothman Guthrie Hahn Hardy Harper Harris Heck (WA) Hensarling Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Huelskamp Huffman Hultgren Hurt (VA) Issa Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, Sam Jolly Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee King (IA) King (NY) Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Larsen (WA) Latta 
Lawrence Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren 
Long Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lummis Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McHenry McMorris 
Rodgers 
McNerney Meadows Meeks Meng Mica Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Nadler Napolitano Neugebauer Newhouse Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palmer Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Pingree Pocan Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Rangel Ribble Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross Rothfus Royce 
Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell 
Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sherman Shimkus Simpson Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thornberry Titus Torres Trott Tsongas Upton Van Hollen Vela Wagner Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Yarmuth Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—168 
Aguilar Amash Ashford Babin Bass Benishek Bera Beyer Bishop (MI) Bost Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buck Bucshon Burgess Capuano Carter (GA) Castor (FL) Chaffetz Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clyburn Coffman Collins (GA) Conaway Connolly Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crawford 
Crowley Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney DeFazio Delaney Denham DeSantis Dold Duckworth Duffy Ellison Ellmers (NC) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleming Foxx Fudge Gibbs Gibson Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Gene Guinta Gutie´rrez 
Hanna Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Holding Honda 
Hoyer Hudson Huizenga (MI) Hunter Hurd (TX) Israel Jackson Lee Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jones Jordan Joyce Kelly (IL) Kilmer Kind Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Lance Langevin Larson (CT) Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted LoBiondo Loudermilk Lynch MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:30 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JN7.009 H10JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4032 June 10, 2015 
Maloney, Sean 
Marchant Matsui McDermott McGovern McKinley McSally Meehan Messer Miller (FL) Moore Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Neal Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Palazzo Pallone Paulsen Payne Pearce Perry 
Peters Peterson Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Rice (NY) Richmond Rigell Rohrabacher Ros-Lehtinen Rouzer Roybal-Allard Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Sewell (AL) 
Shuster Sinema Slaughter Smith (MO) Stivers Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Tiberi Tipton Turner Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walberg Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) 
ANSWERED ‘‘PRESENT’’—2 
Gohmert Tonko 
NOT VOTING—7 
Adams Flores Grijalva Pitts 
Quigley Reichert Sires 
b1433 
So the Journal was approved. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
f 
A MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE 
A message from the Senate by Ms. 
Curtis, one of its clerks, announced that the Senate has passed with an amendment in which the concurrence of the House is requested, a bill of the House of the following title: 
H.R. 1314. An act to amend the Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determinations of tax-exempt status of cer-tain organizations. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE 
CLERK OF THE HOUSE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
Washington, DC, June 10, 2015. 
Hon. J OHNA. B OEHNER , 
The Speaker, U.S. Capitol, House of Representa-
tives, Washington, DC. 
DEAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-
mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on June 10, 2015 at 11:14 a.m.: 
That the Senate passed S. 653. That the Senate passed S. 611. With best wishes, I am 
Sincerely, 
K
AREN L. H AAS. 
f 
AUTHORIZING THE REPRINTING 
OF THE 25TH EDITION OF THE POCKET VERSION OF THE UNITED STATES CONSTITUTION 
Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. 
Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee on House Administra-tion be discharged from further consid-eration of H. Con. Res. 54, and ask for 
its immediate consideration in the House. 
The Clerk read the title of the con-
current resolution. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Illinois? 
There was no objection. The text of the concurrent resolution 
is as follows: 
H. C ON. RES. 54 
Resolved by the House of Representatives (the 
Senate concurring), 
SECTION 1. POCKET VERSION OF THE UNITED 
STATES CONSTITUTION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The 25th edition of the 
pocket version of the United States Con-stitution shall be reprinted as a House docu-ment under the direction of the Joint Com-mittee on Printing. 
(b) A
DDITIONAL COPIES .—In addition to the 
usual number, there shall be printed the less-er of— 
(1) 285,400 copies of the document, of which 
235,400 copies shall be for the use of the House of Representatives and 50,000 copies shall be for the use of the Senate; or 
(2) such number of copies of the document 
as does not exceed a total production and printing cost of $135,312, with distribution to be allocated in the same proportion as de-scribed in paragraph (1), except that in no case shall the number of copies be less than 1 per Member of Congress. 
(c) D
ISTRIBUTION .—The copies of the docu-
ment reprinted for the use of the House and the Senate under subsection (a) shall be dis-tributed in accordance with— 
(1) a distribution plan approved by the 
chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on House Administration of the House of Representatives, in the case of the copies printed for the use of the House; and 
(2) a distribution plan approved by the 
chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Rules and Administration of the Senate, in the case of the copies printed for the use of the Senate. 
The concurrent resolution was agreed 
to. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
PERMITTING OFFICIAL PHOTO-
GRAPHS OF THE HOUSE OF REP-RESENTATIVES TO BE TAKEN WHILE THE HOUSE IS IN ACTUAL SESSION ON A DATE DES-IGNATED BY THE SPEAKER 
Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. 
Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee on House Administra-tion be discharged from further consid-eration of H. Res. 292, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. 
The Clerk read the title of the resolu-
tion. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Illinois? 
There was no objection. The text of the resolution is as fol-
lows: 
H. R ES. 292 
Resolved, That on such date as the Speaker 
of the House of Representatives may des-ignate, official photographs of the House may be taken while the House is in actual session. Payment for the costs associated with taking, preparing, and distributing such 
photographs may be made from the applica-ble accounts of the House of Representatives. 
The resolution was agreed to. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
COUNTRY OF ORIGIN LABELING 
AMENDMENTS ACT OF 2015 
Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Speaker, pursu-
ant to House Resolution 303, I call up the bill (H.R. 2393) to amend the Agri-cultural Marketing Act of 1946 to re-peal country of origin labeling require-ments with respect to beef, pork, and chicken, and for other purposes, and ask for its immediate consideration. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to House Resolution 303, the amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute recommended by the Com-mittee on Agriculture, printed in the bill, is adopted, and the bill, as amend-ed, is considered read. 
The text of the bill, as amended, is as 
follows: 
H.R. 2393 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Country of Ori-
gin Labeling Amendments Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. REPEAL OF COUNTRY OF ORIGIN LABEL-
ING REQUIREMENTS FOR BEEF, PORK, AND CHICKEN. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—Section 281 of the Agricul-
tural Marketing Act of 1946 (7 U.S.C. 1638) is amended— 
(1) by striking paragraphs (1) and (7); (2) by redesignating paragraphs (2), (3), (4), 
(5), (6), (8), and (9) as paragraphs (1), (2), (3), (4), (5), (6), and (7), respectively; and 
(3) in paragraph (1)(A) (as so redesignated)— (A) by striking clause (i) and inserting the fol-
lowing new clause: 
‘‘(i) muscle cuts of lamb and venison;’’; (B) by striking clause (ii) and inserting the 
following new clause: 
‘‘(ii) ground lamb and ground venison;’’; (C) by striking clause (viii); and (D) by redesignating clauses (ix), (x), and (xi) 
as clauses (viii), (ix), and (x), respectively. 
(b) N
OTICE OF COUNTRY OF ORIGIN .—Section 
282 of the Agricultural Marketing Act of 1946 (7 U.S.C. 1638a) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)(2)— (A) in the heading, by striking ‘‘
BEEF, LAMB , 
PORK , CHICKEN ,’’ and inserting ‘‘ LAMB ,’’; 
(B) by striking ‘‘beef, lamb, pork, chicken,’’ 
and inserting ‘‘lamb,’’ each place it appears in subparagraphs (A), (B), (C), and (D); and 
(C) in subparagraph (E)— (i) in the heading, by striking ‘‘G
ROUND BEEF , 
PORK , LAMB , CHICKEN ,’’ and inserting ‘‘G ROUND  
LAMB ,’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘ground beef, ground pork, 
ground lamb, ground chicken,’’ each place it ap-pears and inserting ‘‘ground lamb,’’; and 
(2) in subsection (f)(2)— (A) by striking subparagraphs (B) and (C); 
and 
(B) by redesignating subparagraphs (D) and 
(E) as subparagraphs (B) and (C), respectively. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Texas (Mr. C ONAWAY ) and 
the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. P
ETERSON ) each will control 30 min-
utes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Texas. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:30 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JN7.010 H10JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4033 June 10, 2015 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous mate-rials on the bill, H.R. 2393. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume, and I rise in support of H.R. 2393, the Country of Origin Labeling Amend-ments Act of 2015. 
Mandatory country of origin labeling is 
really a marketing program, a heavy-handed approach by this Federal Government to de-mand a marketing program that may or may not work. 
Those were my words before this very 
Chamber, spoken more than 10 years 
ago today. It turns out that my doubts were well founded. The program has not worked, and it is time to put this failed experiment behind us once and for all. 
Country of origin labeling, or COOL 
for short, was first enacted for meat products as a part of the 2002 farm bill. Implementation of the law was actu-ally delayed until 2008. 
Less than 5 months after the COOL- 
implementing rule was published, Can-ada and Mexico challenged the rule at the WTO, arguing that it had a trade- distorting impact by reducing the value and number of cattle and hogs shipped to the United States market. 
The WTO process has since pro-
gressed through the dispute settlement phase, a U.S. appeal to the WTO’S ap-pellate body, review by a WTO compli-ance panel, and an appeal by the U.S. of that decision. In all four instances, Mr. Speaker, the United States lost. 
In the fourth and final decision, re-
leased on May 18, the WTO rejected the United States’ argument and found that the U.S. COOL requirements for beef and pork are unavoidably dis-criminatory. The final rule kick-starts the process to determine the level of retaliatory tariffs Canada and Mexico can now impose on the U.S., which has widely been predicted to have effects in the billions of dollars. 
During a hearing of the House Agri-
culture Committee’s Livestock and Foreign Agriculture Subcommittee to examine the implications of potential retaliation against the U.S., witnesses made it clear that losing the final ap-peal to the WTO and the inevitable im-pacts of retaliation against the United States and its economy would be dev-astating. 
Some have asked why we should act 
on the basis of a WTO decision. If COOL worked, perhaps there would be a response other than repeal, but the fact is COOL has been a marketing fail-ure. In an April 2015 report to Congress, USDA explained that COOL require-ments result in extraordinary costs with no quantifiable benefits. 
Although some consumers desire 
COOL information, there is no evidence to conclude that this mandatory label-
ing translates into measurable in-creases in consumer demand for beef, pork, or chicken. 
In response to those who argue that 
COOL enhances food safety, as I have maintained now for 10 years, that is simply not the case. If it were, then all meat served at restaurants would come with information regarding the meat’s origin, but it doesn’t. That is because retail food establishments are exempt from COOL requirements. 
Meat sold in the U.S. will continue to 
be inspected for safety by the USDA Food Safety and Inspection Service. This bill does nothing to change that and will simply repeal a heavy-handed, government-mandated marketing pro-gram that has proven to be unsuccess-ful. 
Here we are with a policy that im-
poses high costs, no benefits, and if we keep it in place, our national economy will suffer significant damage that can reach into the billions of dollars. 
Secretary of Agriculture Tom 
Vilsack has been quoted numerous times acknowledging that repeal of the COOL requirements is a viable option for bringing the U.S. into compliance with its WTO obligations and avoiding retaliatory measures. 
In a recent letter to Congress, Sec-
retary Vilsack reaffirmed the need for Congress to repeal the disputed COOL requirements or develop a generic North American label. However, Can-ada and Mexico have previously re-jected the North American label, ren-dering that option unacceptable. 
In other words, if we go down this 
path which Canada and Mexico have al-ready rejected, we will continue to face retaliation unless and until we can demonstrate we are in compliance with our trade obligations. Repeal is the only viable option before us to avoid this retaliation. 
I urge all Members to support this 
simple, straightforward legislation so that we can, in the best bipartisan tra-dition of this House, avoid damage to our economy. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
I rise in opposition to this bill. H.R. 
2393 is a premature reaction to the WTO ruling against the U.S. country of origin labeling, or COOL, law. Rather than taking the time to find a work-able solution, the committee passed a repeal just 2 days after the WTO issued a ruling. We understand that this needs to be dealt with. 
My problem with this whole process 
is that it just is not giving people enough time to look at this and figure out what is a reasonable solution. Most other countries have labeling. The American people want to know where their ag products come from. 
If we repealed this on meat, we 
wouldn’t be able to know where meat comes from, but we would be able to know where your carrots, lettuce, and all these other things come from. They all have mandatory country of origin 
labeling. 
We understand that this needed to be 
worked on, and we understand that we can’t get into a situation with the re-taliation, but this is a rush to judg-ment that is not necessary because this retaliation process is going to take a while. 
We had the Step 2 cotton case. It 
went 2 or 3 years before it got resolved; this is going to go faster, but the first thing that has to happen is they have to figure out what the damage is. That is going to take them a while, a month or two, and then they are going to have to have an arbitration panel to get ev-erybody to agree that that is exactly what it is. 
b1445 
So this Canadian claim that there 
are $3 billion in economic losses due to COOL is ridiculous and is based on un-substantiated and not publicly avail-able data. The U.S. studies, using USDA data, have found little, if any, economic harm. 
As I said, more than 60 other coun-
tries, including Canada, have their own version of COOL. In fact, Canada has a host of protectionist agriculture laws in place that damage the U.S. dairy, poultry, and egg sectors. 
The Canadian system puts U.S. prod-
ucts at a disadvantage every day. And yet, the Canadians take issue when we try to give consumers additional infor-mation on where their meat comes from, claiming it disadvantages Cana-dian producers. 
Additionally, consumers are demand-
ing more and more information about where their food comes from and how it is produced. The WTO has repeatedly ruled that COOL is a legitimate goal. 
Rather than abandon our efforts to 
provide consumers with this informa-tion, we need to have the time so we will be able to find a reasonable solu-tion to work this out without WTO sanctions. I believe it can be done, and it can be done in fairly short order. 
So, as I said, my biggest problem is 
that this bill is premature. I urge my colleagues to oppose it. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
2 minutes to the gentleman from Vir-ginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ), the former 
chairman of the House Agriculture Committee. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I 
want to thank the chairman of the Ag-riculture Committee, Mr. C
ONAWAY , for 
his leadership on yet another impor-tant issue for agriculture this week in the Congress. 
I rise in strong support of the Coun-
try of Origin Labeling Amendments Act of 2015, which would repeal manda-tory country of origin labeling for meat and bring the United States back into international trade compliance. 
I have always had concerns about 
mandatory country of origin labeling, and now the WTO’s continued rulings against this practice, as well as Can-ada’s and Mexico’s threats to seek $3 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:30 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JN7.043 H10JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4034 June 10, 2015 
billion in retaliatory tariffs, make the 
hard and fast case for repeal. 
For my home State of Virginia, it is 
estimated the potential economic im-pact of retaliation from Mexico and Canada could add up to tariffs of $331 million worth of exports on products like paper, aluminum, and bread. 
Mandatory COOL has failed and 
threatens our trade relationship with two of our strongest partners. Our mar-kets, producers, and consumers cannot afford the cost of this failed policy. We will all benefit by its repeal. 
Mandatory COOL for meat has been 
debated for almost 15 years. Within 5 months of its 2009 implementation, Canada and Mexico challenged COOL at the WTO, arguing that it had trade- distorting impact by reducing the value of cattle and hogs shipped to the U.S. market. The WTO ruled in favor of 
Canada and Mexico four times. 
Now that the U.S. has lost its final 
appeal, it is imperative that the Con-gress act quickly to avoid billions of dollars in retaliation. 
In the case of cattle, hogs, and chick-
en, it has proved to be a failed experi-ment, imposing significant costs on producers, packers, and consumers with no quantifiable benefit. 
United States Department of Agri-
culture Secretary Vilsack has stated the Department has no further options for administrative remedies. The issue has to be fixed legislatively through Congress, and this way of repeal is, by far, the best. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
legislation 
Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
2 minutes to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. C
OSTA ). 
Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise in 
support of this measure to repeal the country of origin labeling. 
I want to thank the chairman for 
bringing this measure up. I also want to thank the ranking member always for his efforts to be balanced and to try to solve problems. 
But I have been saying—and he and I 
disagree on this measure—for years that this country of origin labeling has simply not worked. So I am pleased that we are here today to debate the legislation that, in fact, repeals the country of origin labeling for beef, pork, and chicken products. Hopefully we can move on to figure out a solution to this problem. 
That said, let’s be clear: I want to 
emphasize, this measure has nothing to do with food safety. Let me repeat. It has nothing to do with food safety. The inspection process by the United States Department of Agriculture and the Food and Drug Administration remains in place for all consumable products that the American public eats. 
So what this has to do with is simply 
about how we market beef, pork, or chicken across the country. 
Going further, to ensure that we act 
on this measure, we do not want to have to deal with a devastating blow to our economy through economic retalia-tion. Last month, as has been noted by my 
colleagues, the World Trade Organiza-tion rejected the United States appeal. This was our last and final appeal. And for many of us, we felt it was predict-able. 
We now face harsh trade retaliations 
from two of our largest export mar-kets, Canada and Mexico, against prod-ucts that are produced in America. This especially impacts California, the number one agricultural State in the Nation. The Canadian Government has already published its list of commod-ities that will be subject to tariff in-creases and estimates the impact could reach in excess of $3 million, with the direct effect in California being over $1 billion. 
This is real. They prepared the list, 
and it could be implemented as early as this fall. 
For example, Canada imports 90 per-
cent of its table wine from my home State of California. If the tariff is in-creased to 100 percent, that will mean customers in Canada will have to pay double for a bottle of good California wine. If consumers in Canada see that price double, I suspect they are going 
to buy their wine elsewhere. 
This will be detrimental to U.S. 
trade, as an example, but to all prod-ucts that are produced in America. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentleman has expired. 
Mr. PETERSON. I yield the gen-
tleman an additional 30 seconds. 
Mr. COSTA. The bottom line is, we 
don’t want to see any retaliatory ef-forts made by Canada and Mexico, and I don’t think they want to impose them. 
This bill is our only option right now 
to satisfy the WTO compliance. In ad-dition, as has been noted, the Sec-retary of Agriculture has stated a leg-islative fix is required to resolve this problem. 
So I urge my colleagues to vote for 
this measure, and let’s take action. And the Senate will need to then act, and then we have a chance to come to-gether and fix this legislation. 
Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
2 minutes to the gentleman from Ala-bama (Mr. A
DERHOLT ), the chairman of 
the House Appropriations Sub-committee on Agriculture. 
Mr. ADERHOLT. Mr. Speaker, this 
afternoon I also rise in support of H.R. 2393, which, as has been mentioned, provides a long-overdue repeal of the country of origin labeling requirements for beef, pork, and poultry products. 
Over the years, this law has forced 
USDA to use limited resources to im-plement and enforce a program that has nothing to do with food safety, and there is little to no evidence that it has increased consumer demand, according to a USDA-commissioned survey. 
Serving as chairman of the House Ap-
propriations Agriculture Sub-committee, I am very aware of the eco-nomic harm that this burdensome law has already caused U.S. livestock pro-ducers, and more economic harm is on the horizon. The World Trade Organization, the 
WTO Appellate Body, has ruled in favor of Canada and Mexico and found the U.S. country of origin labeling require-ments are in violation of international trade obligations. 
Both the Governments of Canada and 
of Mexico have clearly expressed their intent to seek authority from the WTO to retaliate. This could end up suf-fering economic impact in this country of almost $4 billion. 
The FY 2015 exploratory statement 
accompanying the omnibus appropria-tion bill directed the Secretary of Agri-culture to provide a report with his recommendation for establishing a trade-compliant country of origin la-beling program. In his response, repeal of this provision was a clear solution. 
I know that there are some here in 
the Chamber this afternoon that will not agree with the answer, but there have been ample opportunities to craft another labeling program that meets our trade responsibilities. 
This could have been addressed in the 
farm bill, or those individuals wanting a labeling program could have been working on it since last October, when the WTO ruled again that this law vio-lated our trade obligations. 
We are out of time, and the repeal is 
the only option that we have at hand. I urge my colleagues to support the bill that is before us today in order to pre-vent harm to U.S. jobs, to prevent harm to the United States economy, and to protect the trading relations with our Nation’s strongest partners. 
Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Maine (Ms. P
INGREE ). 
Ms. PINGREE. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
the ranking member for yielding me this time and for taking up this impor-tant issue and helping us to better un-derstand the importance of it. 
In my opinion, we shouldn’t even be 
here today debating a repeal of this im-portant consumer protection law. I don’t know if this bill is a huge over-reaction to the WTO decision or it is just an excuse to gut these common-sense country of origin labeling re-quirements. 
For years, we have required labels on 
virtually everything imported into the United States. Every piece of clothing you wear has to have a label showing where it was made. Your smartphone has to have a label showing where it was manufactured. Even umbrellas and tablecloths have to list their country of origin. 
But for some reason we are here con-
sidering a bill that would make it im-possible for parents to know whether the chicken they are serving their fam-ily came from the United States or China. Think about that. What con-sumer, what parent would tell you they don’t care what country the food came from that they are about to serve their children? 
Let’s just talk about the WTO ruling 
for a minute. First of all, the World Trade Organization ruling said that the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:30 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JN7.045 H10JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4035 June 10, 2015 
labels for ground beef were acceptable 
but doesn’t even consider any com-plaints from Canada or Mexico about chicken. So why are we voting on a re-peal of the labeling requirement for those products? 
Secondly, the WTO has not even 
ruled about the extent to which coun-try of origin labeling affects exports from Canada and Mexico. And it can’t be much, since Mexico exports more beef into the United States than before this law went into effect. 
We do not have to give in to the WTO 
this easily. These kinds of disputes are frequently settled by negotiations with Canada and Mexico, not by giving up and throwing out an entire set of con-sumer protections. 
We don’t back down this easily, and 
we shouldn’t back down this easily. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentlewoman has expired. 
Mr. PETERSON. I yield the gentle-
woman an additional 30 seconds. 
Ms. PINGREE. So maybe the power-
ful special interests behind this repeal are really using this WTO ruling as an excuse to roll back basic right-to-know for American consumers. I don’t think we should let them get away with it. 
I doubt there is a single consumer in 
America who says, ‘‘I want to know less about the food I am eating.’’ In fact, the opposite is true. 
Now more than ever, Americans want 
to know where their food comes from, and they want to buy local food when they can. Buying local has created huge new markets for American farm-ers, great economic growth in States like mine, like Maine. 
If this bill passes, it will be harder to 
know if the pork chop or hamburger you are buying came from around the corner or around the world. 
Country of origin labeling is good for 
consumers; it is good for our farmers and ranchers. Please don’t gut these commonsense requirements. 
Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Speaker, I would 
like to clarify. We do not import chick-en from China, period. And the eco-nomic impact estimated for the State of Maine will be something on the order of $74 million every single year in imports that won’t happen. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the 
gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. R
OUZER ), the chairman of the Sub-
committee on Livestock and Foreign Agriculture. 
Mr. ROUZER. Mr. Speaker, as chair-
man of the Livestock and Foreign Ag-riculture Subcommittee, I rise in sup-port of this bill, the Country of Origin Labeling Amendments Act of 2015, which repeals the country of origin la-beling law, also known as COOL. 
After numerous failed attempts to 
make COOL compliant with the World Trade Organization, it has become ap-parent that full repeal of COOL is un-questionably the right thing to do. 
That said, I am sure there are some 
who are concerned that repeal of COOL may compromise food safety. America had the safest, most trusted food sup-ply in the world before COOL and, let 
me assure you, we will continue to have the safest food supply after this law is repealed. 
b1500 
Let me explain why. Regardless of or-
igin, if an animal is imported as a live animal, it is harvested in USDA-in-spected facilities. Additionally, cattle, hogs, and poultry are inspected prior to harvesting as live animals and throughout processing as a meat prod-uct. 
If the animal originates and is har-
vested in a different country, the plant has to have equivalent U.S. safety in-spection standards and must be regu-larly audited by the USDA. The U.S. only imports meat products from coun-tries that meet our standards. Further-more, a foreign plant that does not fully comply with our standards is not permitted to ship meat into this coun-try. 
In short, the fundamental protocols 
ensuring food safety are apart and sep-arate from country of origin labeling. Suppliers in foreign countries will still be expected to comply with the same inspection standards as they have now. 
In closing, I would like to thank 
Chairman C
ONAWAY , subcommittee 
Ranking Member C OSTA , and the com-
mittee staff for their tremendous help and guidance on this important mat-ter. 
Mr. Speaker, I commend this legisla-
tion to my colleagues and appreciate their support. 
Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
2 minutes to the gentleman from Geor-gia (Mr. B
ISHOP ). 
Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, 
as a member of the House Appropria-tions Subcommittee on Agriculture and the former co-chair of the Congres-sional Chicken Caucus, I rise in sup-port of H.R. 2393, the Country of Origin Labeling Amendments Act of 2015. 
More importantly, as a Congressman 
for a heavily rural district, with lots of poultry and beef production in middle and southwest Georgia, I rise to sup-port ending this failed experiment and repealing this harmful government mandate. 
Since its passage in 2002, the country 
of origin labeling law has caused severe tension between the United States, Canada, and Mexico. Canada and Mex-ico argue that country of origin label-ing has hurt their livestock industries, and they have taken their argument to the World Trade Organization, which has ruled in their favor and against the United States four times. We are now out of appeals. 
Because of the WTO rulings, Canada 
and Mexico can now request authoriza-tion to retaliate against the United States in order to repair the damages they claim our labeling law has caused to their economies. 
Therefore, we must act decisively to 
repeal the current COOL regulations on beef, pork, and chicken. If we fail to do so, Canada and Mexico have made clear that they will retaliate against a range 
of U.S. products within a matter of months by imposing onerous tariffs, re-sulting in higher costs and lost market share for U.S. producers up to $3.5 bil-lion a year. A hit of that magnitude would be devastating to the U.S. pork, beef, and chicken industries. 
While some say we need to hold out 
for arbitration, I believe we need to re-peal this harmful law and correct the situation ourselves before facing over-whelming retaliatory tariffs from Can-ada and Mexico. 
By the way, it should be noted that 
this bill will not entirely undo the country of origin labeling law, only parts of it. 
I urge support for H.R. 2393 because it 
will safely remove unnecessary burdens on our beef, pork, and poultry indus-tries; bring us into compliance with our trade obligations; and ensure that we avoid damaging retaliatory tariffs. 
Please join me in supporting H.R. 
2393. 
Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Speaker, it is my 
pleasure to yield 2 minutes to the gen-tleman from Georgia (Mr. D
AVID 
SCOTT), the ranking member on the 
Commodity Exchanges, Energy, and Credit Subcommittee. 
Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia. I 
thank the chairman for yielding. 
Mr. Speaker, let’s make no mistake 
about it. I will just tell you this retal-iation situation is real from Canada and from Mexico. 
The question is: Why should we here 
put our agriculture foundation at such a tremendous risk? Canada and Mexico are right now moving to institute re-taliatory tariffs against U.S. exports. 
It is critical that Congress also take 
this corrective legislation and act on it right away before the August recess—it is just that important—so we can send a powerful, quick message because Canada has already issued a prelimi-nary retaliation list, targeting our commodities and our manufactured products not just in one State, not just in two States, but in every State in the United States of America, totaling over $3.5 billion in the first year alone. My own State of Georgia will have an impact of losing $180 million. 
Mr. Speaker, let’s deal with this 
right. This country of origin labeling is not about food safety. Let’s not scare the American people into thinking that; we don’t need to make the Amer-ican people confused or feel that we are doing something to make the food un-safe. 
What we are doing is protecting our 
American economy. We are protecting our agricultural interests. More than anything else, at a time when America needs it the most, we are standing up for America for a change. Protect our farmers. Protect our agricultural econ-omy. Protect our people. 
Make sure we pass H.R. 2393. Send a 
powerful message that we are not going to stand for Mexico and Canada putting their tariffs on us. We are going to stand firm and protect American inter-ests. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:30 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JN7.046 H10JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4036 June 10, 2015 
Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
2 minutes to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. T
HOMPSON ). 
Mr. THOMPSON of California. I 
thank the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. P
ETERSON ) for yielding and for all 
of his work on this issue. He has been great at trying to mitigate the prob-lems. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise as a strong sup-
porter of the idea of country of origin labeling, and I think it is a good idea. 
I refute what some have said, that 
there is no benefit to this. There is great benefit to this. Area of origin la-beling allows people to get to know from where their food comes, and that is, I think, incredibly important. 
I don’t think that repeal is the num-
ber one preference here. I don’t think that is what we should be doing; we should be fixing the problem, but, be-cause the majority hasn’t been willing to work to fix the problem, we are in a real catch-22. 
I rise today in support of this bill be-
cause, if it is not repealed, we are going to face tremendous retaliatory acts from both Mexico and Canada, and these are going to be of great fiscal im-pact to our economy. 
My home State of California, for in-
stance, it is estimated that we will be hit by $1.8 billion worth of retaliatory action. A good part of that comes from my home industry, the wine commu-nity; they will be hit heavily. We know what happens. We have seen this movie before, and the end is not good. 
When Congress put in place the 
trucking program to deal with the Mexican trucking problems, we were sued. The wine industry was hit with retaliatory actions, and we saw a 25 percent reduction in our business. That was financially devastating not only to California, but this is an industry that puts $160 billion a year into the na-tional economy. This hurt us all. That was bad enough, but it took us 3 years to get back that market share that we had lost. 
It is important that we repeal this 
and then get on to fixing it right away. I ask that we vote in favor of this bill today. 
Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Speaker, it is 
now my pleasure to yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. K
ING), 
who has worked really hard on this particular piece of legislation. 
Mr. KING of Iowa. I thank the chair-
man for yielding and for leading on this issue. 
Mr. Speaker, I just would remark 
that wine has informed the meat de-bate several times here today, and I am glad of that. 
I rise in support of this legislation to 
repeal these components of country of origin labeling. I have long held the po-sition that this is a North American market. We don’t treat our best trad-ing partners as well as we should, Mr. Speaker, and that includes Mexico, and it especially includes Canada. 
I often have to go through the list of 
things we have done that turn out to be something that looks like trade protec-
tion at least to them. We have done it with steel. We have done it with softwood timber. We have done it when we have BSE circumstances with beef, which did originate in Canada, spilled over to the United States, and they opened up their foreign trade before we did. 
This is one of these examples of what 
happens when you go a little overboard in an effort to try to establish some trade protectionism. This was driven by the people, especially in the North-west, that thought that they would get an advantage on their cattle industry in that part of the country. 
Now, we are looking at these sanc-
tions which, by my numbers, likely go to somewhere in the area of $3.15 bil-lion in sanctions between Canada and Mexico. Mr. Speaker, 85 percent of our consumers don’t even look at the label to see where that comes from. 
Consumers still have a choice. There 
is nothing that would prohibit in the aftermath of this legislation. The con-sumer is saying: I would like to know if this pig was born in Canada and fed in the United States. 
To give you an example of how this 
is, there is a lot of U.S. capital that is invested also, especially in farrowing operations in Canada. When the ex-change rate was even more advan-tageous than it is today, a lot of U.S. dollars went into Canada to establish farrowing operations to raise pigs up there because they could isolate in order to do disease prevention and be-cause it was a good investment; then those isowean pigs came down to the United States. 
The numbers that I had was 6 million 
pigs coming down; 4 million of them came to Iowa. A third of the pork raised in the United States is from my State, and they are at a disadvantage because of this country of origin label-ing. It penalizes, Mr. Speaker, the very people we are trying to help. 
I urge the adoption of this bill. Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. C
UELLAR ). 
Mr. CUELLAR. I thank the ranking 
member for yielding to me. 
Mr. Speaker, I am an original cospon-
sor of H.R. 2393, the Country of Origin Labeling Amendments Act. 
As it has been discussed in this de-
bate, the WTO has made its fourth and final ruling against the United States. Farmers and ranchers in my district in Texas will be hit with tariffs if we don’t act right away. COOL has already put a burden on the beef, chicken, and pork producers in the State of Texas. 
For example, Texas cattlemen are re-
quired to spend another $35 to $45 per animal just to comply with complex cattle identification requirements mandated by COOL. This cost will only get worse if retaliatory tariffs are im-plemented on our exports, tariffs which are completely legal under the World Trade Organization agreement that we have. For example, I have spoken to my 
friends on the other side of the river, on the Mexican side, and they said that the American products that will be hit by tariffs include beef, wine, corn, corn syrup, furniture, dairy products, ma-chinery, and a range of fruits and vege-tables. That doesn’t even include the tariffs that the Canadians will put, which probably includes jewelry, bread, beef, tomato products, and other goods. 
Again, we cannot afford these tariffs, 
and we should pass the amendments to this COOL bill that we have to remove the threat of those tariffs completely. 
In Texas, we raise beef, chicken, and 
pork that is ‘‘made in the U.S.’’ We only ask that this be voluntary label-ing. We should act quickly to avoid those tariffs, so we don’t punish those farmers and ranchers in the State of Texas. 
I thank the ranking member and the 
chairman for all the good work they have done. 
Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Speaker, may I 
inquire as to how much time is left on each side? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Texas has 16 minutes re-maining, and the gentleman from Min-nesota has 16 minutes remaining. 
Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Speaker, it is 
now my pleasure to yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Y
OHO). 
Mr. YOHO. Mr. Speaker, I congratu-
late Chairman C ONAWAY for his leader-
ship in bringing the repeal of the COOL amendments to the House floor so quickly. 
I would like to thank my fellow Ag 
Committee colleagues for their bipar-tisan support in passing the repeal of the COOL amendments out of the com-mittee. 
The COOL amendments, or country 
or origin labeling, has nothing to do with food safety. It is a mandatory marketing program. The USDA stamp of inspection ensures consumers the meat we eat is safe and wholesome, not COOL. 
Mr. Speaker, here are the facts. The 
U.S. has lost its last three appeals in the WTO to Canada and Mexico regard-ing COOL. Both countries are ready to retaliate against us, as we have heard, to the tune of billions of dollars, thus hurting our ag sector and American jobs. 
Agriculture Secretary Thomas 
Vilsack has said that only a legislative fix of COOL would bring the U.S. back into compliance. 
Again, I thank and congratulate 
Chairman C
ONAWAY and urge all of my 
fellow colleagues to vote in favor of this amendment. 
Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Speaker, I now 
yield 6 minutes to the gentlewoman from Connecticut (Ms. D
ELAURO ). 
b1515 
Ms. D ELAURO. Mr. Speaker, I rise in 
strong opposition to this bill. 
Let me first point out the irony that 
we are considering this bill in what 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:30 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JN7.047 H10JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4037 June 10, 2015 
could be a matter of days before we 
will vote on the administration’s re-quest for trade promotion authority. 
Last month, President Obama said in 
his speech at Nike: ‘‘Critics warn that parts of this deal, the Trans-Pacific Partnership, would undermine Amer-ican regulation—food safety, worker safety, even financial regulations. They’re making this stuff up. This is not true. No trade agreement is going to force us to change our laws.’’ 
Country of origin labeling was passed 
by the Senate, passed by the House. It is the law of the land. Yet today, the House of Representatives is getting ready to repeal country of origin label-ing. Why? Because the World Trade Or-ganization ruled against it, a trade agreement ruled against it. 
Contrary to what the President has 
said, trade agreements have a direct ef-fect on our sovereignty. They have the ability to uproot domestic laws here in the United States. Members and the public need to know what we are open-ing ourselves up to when we sign these trade agreements. Literally no area of United States law is safe: food safety, drug safety, consumer protection, envi-ronmental protection, health care, label rights, Dodd-Frank, even the minimum wage. 
In fact, today’s trade agreements, in-
cluding the TPP, go further than the WTO rules. They allow challenges to U.S. laws not only by governments, but also by foreign and domestic multi-national corporations who can cir-cumvent U.S. courts and seek a remedy in an independent tribunal. 
Today, the casualty is country of ori-
gin labeling. I was conferree on the farm bill in 2008 with my colleague Ranking Member P
ETERSON . I helped to 
work to author the language that ex-panded the country of origin labeling. I have worked on this issue for many years as a member and a former chair of the Agriculture Appropriations Com-mittee. I am proud of that record. 
People deserve to know where their 
food comes from. American farmers and ranchers deserve the opportunity to distinguish their products. It is an economic truism that complete and ac-curate information is one of the cor-nerstones of a free market. More than a decade of polling data proves that American consumers consistently and overwhelmingly want country of origin labeling, and frequently by majorities of more than 90 percent. 
The World Trade Organization itself 
has repeatedly ruled provision of infor-mation to consumers to be a legitimate goal for domestic regulations. In light of that ruling, I agree that we should seek to protect American exporters by avoiding retaliatory sanctions, but that has not yet become necessary. It has been less than a week since Canada and Mexico filed their retaliatory tariff requests. The WTO Dispute Settlement Body will not consider it for another week. 
We do not know whether retaliation 
will be approved. Canada and Mexico have asked for $3 billion, but they must 
prove that they have been harmed, and that could be difficult. 
A study by Dr. Robert Taylor of Au-
burn University found that in the case of Canada, COOL had no significant negative impact on either imports of cattle or the price of imported cattle relative to domestic cattle. Instead, Dr. Taylor concluded the decrease in exports was likely the result of the global recession and a weak recovery. Even if harm is found and retaliation is approved, it will probably not go into effect for several months. 
There is plenty of time to look for a 
reasonable resolution, as we have done previously. More than 60 other coun-tries have mandatory labeling require-ments. So it seems there is a scope to find an acceptable way forward without compromising U.S. sovereignty. It is much too early for outright appeal, but that is what this bill does. Indeed, it is unprecedented for Congress to inter-vene so early in the WTO process. 
Moreover, this bill goes well beyond 
the scope of the WTO ruling. It would repeal country of origin labeling on chicken, which is not addressed in the ruling, and on ground beef and ground pork, which the tribunal explicitly found compliant. 
Why are we rushing to judgment on 
this issue? I am forced to conclude that this bill is, in fact, a veiled attempt by the meatpacking industry to deny con-sumers their right to know where their meat and poultry is coming from. Is it 
coming from China? Is it coming from Australia? Is it coming from New Zea-land? Where is it coming from? 
Earlier this week, a broad coalition 
of 283 agricultural organizations wrote to Chairman C
ONAWAY and to Ranking 
Member P ETERSON urging them to re-
ject the repeal of country of origin la-beling. Farmers, rural advocates, faith groups, environmentalists, labor unions, farmworkers, manufacturers, consumer groups all oppose this ill- conceived and premature repeal. Why are we not listening to them? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentlewoman has expired. 
Mr. PETERSON. I yield the gentle-
woman an additional 1 minute. 
Ms. D
ELAURO. As I mentioned at the 
outset, the context for this bill is a failure of U.S. trade policy. The admin-istration tells us that trade agree-ments do not alter domestic laws. Clearly, this is false. 
I admonish my colleagues on both 
sides of the aisle, beware of the road that you go down today. Beware of a trade agreement that puts American sovereignty at risk. 
I hope that Members will bear that in 
mind and in that context as we vote on this bill today and, in addition to that, when we come to debate the Trans-Pa-cific Partnership agreement and grant fast-track authority on that agree-ment. 
In the meantime, I urge my col-
leagues to oppose this bill. 
Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself 30 seconds. The gentlewoman referenced a letter 
opposing what we are trying to do here today. As you look through that list of organizations that is cited, it is not surprising to find that several have consistently advocated for policies that are intentionally destructive to animal agriculture. So it is no wonder that these groups support a policy that im-poses a heavyhanded financial burden on livestock producers, processors, and, ultimately, consumers. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the 
gentleman from Illinois (Mr. B
OST). 
Mr. BOST. Mr. Speaker, I thank the 
gentleman for yielding, and I rise today in support of H.R. 2393, the Coun-try of Origin Labeling Amendments Act. 
In my home State of Illinois, we are 
a rich agricultural State, and we have a rich agricultural heritage. Illinois is a national leader in corn and soybean, but also beef and pork production. If Congress does not act to address this issue of labeling, products in my State could face higher tariffs from Canada and Mexico to the tune of $880 million worth of goods. 
I urge my colleagues to stand with 
American agriculture and support the underlying legislation in order to avoid this harmful measure. 
Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Ohio (Ms. K
APTUR ). 
Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
Ranking Member P ETERSON for yield-
ing me this time, and I rise in support of maintaining food labeling for the American people. 
Polls show 9 out of 10 Americans 
overwhelmingly support country of ori-gin labeling. I certainly look for those labels when I go to the store. It ensures that the public knows the source of their food. What could be more impor-tant? In fact, American producers want to share that information because it is a way to differentiate their products in an increasingly international market-place. 
Country of origin labeling is strongly 
supported by America’s farmers and ranchers, who are proud of what they produce. Restoring local food markets, in fact, is a growing trend across the Midwest and the whole country. Farm-ers and ranchers know that people are 
demanding more and more information about their food. Restaurateurs are putting on their menus ‘‘local beef,’’ ‘‘local pork,’’ and ‘‘local chicken.’’ 
COOL allows farmers and ranchers 
the ability to market their products with pride because the label has integ-rity. The widespread support for coun-try of origin labeling is what led to its enactment and implementation in the 2002, 2008, and 2014 Farm Bills. The trend is very clear. 
Current efforts in Congress to repeal 
country of origin labeling are simply veiled attempts to gut these laws for meat—for beef, for pork, for chicken, three arenas that are completely con-trolled by a few processing companies. It is just like the book that Upton Sin-clair wrote at the beginning of the 20th 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:30 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JN7.049 H10JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4038 June 10, 2015 
century. We are back to the jungle. We 
are back to the jungle. 
Opponents are pressing for less infor-
mation for consumers, not more. They want to hide the product’s origin. 
H.R. 2393 is a premature attempt to 
undermine food labeling. They argue it is necessary because of the World Trade Organization decision that puts Canada and Mexico at a disadvantage. Well, this bill, as such, was never even raised in the WTO dispute, and labeling is supported by the WTO. The WTO dis-pute never addressed chicken. It has explicitly ruled U.S. labeling require-ments for pork and beef are legal. And more importantly, Canada’s claims of $3 billion in economic loss due to COOL are absolutely unfounded. The data is not even publicly available, and they are unsubstantiated. 
The bottom line is the rationale be-
hind this bill is a clear example of what is wrong with our trade policy. Con-gress should not let a few meatpacking companies use trade disputes as an ex-cuse to gut important consumer pro-tections and the rights of farmers in this country. It is our duty to protect American consumers, American farm-ers, and American ranchers, not the trade interests of any other country. Our people deserve a right to know where their food is produced and where it comes from. 
Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself 15 seconds. 
The previous speaker made reference 
to the current animal agriculture busi-nesses as being associated with those horrible circumstances of the Upton Sinclair book. My guess, Mr. Speaker, is they would be vehemently opposed to that comment because their prac-tices today do not remotely reflect those in Upton Sinclair’s book. 
I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman 
from Michigan (Mr. M
OOLENAAR ), a val-
ued member of the committee. 
Mr. MOOLENAAR. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise in support of this bill. 
Agriculture is the backbone of many 
communities in Michigan’s Fourth Congressional District. With over 10,000 farms and 15,000 farm operators, ap-proximately $1.7 billion in products from our area are sold across the coun-try and around the world. 
The law on the books right now that 
mandates country of origin labeling threatens the success of agricultural exports. It is unnecessary. It imposes a heavy burden on our farmers. It puts our agricultural exports at risk, and it needs to be repealed. 
Recently, based on the ruling from 
the World Trade Organization, it is ap-parent that severe consequences could result and that our trading partners and neighbors could penalize Amer-ican-made products sold in those coun-tries with steep tariffs. 
Already, Canada has announced that 
it will put tariffs on beef, pork, and cherries if the current labeling law is not repealed. Manufactured goods, in-cluding office furniture, would also be subjected to tariffs. H.R. 2393 passed the Agriculture 
Committee on a bipartisan vote of 38–6. It is a good bill, and it repeals the cur-rent labeling law. It will eliminate the possibility of steep tariffs and let Michigan farmers and manufacturers focus on creating jobs and growing their businesses without worrying about more regulations or retaliation. 
I am pleased to cosponsor this bill, 
and I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes.’’ 
Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
1 minute to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. S
CHRADER ). 
b1530 
Mr. SCHRADER. Mr. Speaker, I 
thank the ranking member. 
COOL was perhaps a worthwhile ef-
fort at the time but, unfortunately, has outlived its usefulness and its appro-priateness. Country of origin labeling, well intended, has started to cause ir-reparable harm to producers in the Pa-cific Northwest. Beef and hog pro-ducers are facing serious problems try-ing to work things through the packing plant. 
We have international trade now; we 
have a global market. That needs to be recognized. It is harming not just Can-ada and Mexico, but Pacific Northwest producers. That point has to be driven home. 
We are now facing huge retaliatory 
tariffs in the Pacific Northwest. Some of our premier crops are wine, cherries, apples, cheese, potatoes. 
COOL may have been well intended, 
but we lost four times at the WTO. We tried to fix it. We worked on it in the farm bill last go-around last year— couldn’t get it done. We are facing these retaliatory tariffs right now. Let’s repeal it, and let’s move on. 
Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
2 minutes to the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. B
LUM). 
Mr. BLUM. Mr. Chairman, I want to 
thank you and your committee for your hard work on this most important legislation. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to offer my 
support to the passage of H.R. 2393, the Country of Origin Labeling Amend-ments Act of 2015. 
This important legislation repeals 
country of origin labeling requirements for muscle cuts of beef and pork. Unfor-tunately, the World Trade Organiza-tion issued the final judgment of a long-running case brought by Canada, ending all doubt that COOL violates U.S. trade obligations. 
Now, America’s two largest export 
markets, Canada and Mexico, are mov-ing to institute retaliatory duties against U.S. products, including $1.3 billion of products from Iowa. Canada has published their list of retaliatory targets, including those aforemen-tioned meat cuts, but also corn, fruc-tose, cereals from my district, along with products from districts all across the United States. 
Mexico has not yet published their 
list, but is likely to include some of the same corn-based products and perhaps even include ethanal. It is critically important that COOL 
requirements be repealed to comply with existing trade obligations as soon as possible. Implementations of these tariffs would negatively affect a great deal of farmers and processors in my district and across Iowa. 
I urge the House to pass this legisla-
tion today and the Senate to act swift-ly to avoid these potentially dev-astating economic consequences. 
Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
2 minutes to the gentleman from Min-nesota (Mr. N
OLAN ). 
Mr. NOLAN. Mr. Speaker, Members 
of the House, I want to join my col-leagues in rising in opposition to this important consumer and farmer pro-tection legislation. Someone said it earlier; knowledge is power. When peo-ple know where something comes from, it gives them some very clear ideas about what the content of it may be. 
Furthermore, the legislation, as has 
been pointed out here, is really quite, quite, quite premature. We need to let this process play itself out. There may very well need to be a fix here on this whole matter, but right now, it hasn’t really been conclusively proven that the Canadian and the Mexican claims are valid. There has been some sugges-tions that perhaps they are not. Of course, this legislation goes way be-yond the scope of the dispute at hand here. 
I want to thank my ranking member, 
Mr. P
ETERSON , and all my other col-
leagues for standing up in opposition to this legislation. Let’s let the process play itself out, and then, when and if it is necessary, we can fix things at that time. 
Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Speaker, I re-
serve the balance of my time. 
Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Again, I don’t think anybody on our 
side wants to have retaliation, but, again, we believe this is premature right at this moment. 
We don’t know how much damages 
are going to be found, if any. We just feel that repeal is not where we are going to end up and where we should end up. We understand this needs to be fixed, but I think there is another way to do it short of repeal. 
At this point, because of that, I en-
courage people to vote against the bill. I kind of understand where this is going, but, as it gets over to the Sen-ate, we will figure out a way to work through this so that we end up not hav-ing any retaliation. 
We still have a system where people 
can figure out where their food is com-ing from. It would be ironic, if this re-peal would happen to get through the 
Senate and signed by the President, you wouldn’t be able to find out where your chicken or beef or pork came from, as I said earlier, but you will be able to find out where all the other ag products come from, which I think most consumers would see as kind of ridiculous. 
I encourage my colleagues to oppose 
the measure, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:30 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JN7.062 H10JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4039 June 10, 2015 
Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself the balance of my time. 
Mr. Speaker, it is gratifying to know 
that no one wants the retaliatory measures to be put into place. A ‘‘yes’’ vote on this bill that we will take up on the floor here shortly will assure that of happening. 
Arguments that it is premature fall 
on deaf ears. Four years of arguing with the Canadians and the Mexicans in the world court in this deal has left ample time to have come to some sort of conclusion if, in fact, there was a deal out there. 
Quite frankly, if we had won a trade 
issue as decisively and resoundingly as Canada and Mexico did, we wouldn’t negotiate either. We have no leverage; we have none to leverage against Mex-ico and Canada to get some sort of a deal that might fix this without the re-peal. 
Frankly, this is not about the merits 
of country of origin labeling; it is not about the merits of people knowing where their food comes from. We are beyond that point. We lost four straight times. 
If those merits or those arguments 
upheld in the court in our trade obliga-tion, then it would have prevailed, but it didn’t. This isn’t about people know-ing where their food comes from. This is about avoiding the retaliatory meas-ures that will be implemented by Can-ada and Mexico. 
The argument that folks want to 
know where their food comes from, if you walk up to a normal person on the street and ask them that question, I am surprised it is not 100 percent of Americans who would say: Yes, I want to know where that food comes from. 
But, if you follow that person into 
the grocery store and they go up to the meat counter, they buy based on price and quality of the meat and what it looks like. They are not looking at the label; 85 percent of them couldn’t care less. 
If you go into every single restaurant 
and you order chicken or beef or pork or fish or whatever, you have no clue where that came from. You trust the safety network that we have in place at USDA to make sure that that beef or that chicken, that pork, that what-ever, is, in fact, safe for you. 
The argument that we are somehow 
depriving the American people of infor-mation that they desperately need in order to make informed consumer deci-sions, again, falls on deaf ears. 
Mexico is not a stranger to retalia-
tory measures. As my colleague from California mentioned earlier, they im-plemented those measures in 2011 as a result of a trucking case that we also lost in that regard, and it took the wine industry 3 years to recoup and get back to where they were when those re-taliatory measures went in. 
If you are not a wine connoisseur, 
pork rinds were also targeted. We had testimony from an individual from New Mexico that said they lost 15 percent of their business as a result of Mexico in-cluding pork rinds on the retaliatory 
measure. Somewhere between pork rinds and wine, you have got some products that are going to be impacted by this. 
These retaliatory threats that are 
going to come happen are already hav-ing a chilling effect on commerce be-tween our three countries. If you are a wine distributor in Canada, you are not going to make any kind of long-term deals with the United States until you know whether or not what the impact is going to be. Commerce right now is being affected; hence, time is of the es-sence to get this behind us and move forward. 
I would also argue that most Mem-
bers down here would be very quick to argue and demand, quite frankly, that our trading partners around the world live up to their obligations, and we de-mand that. We get on our high horse, and we thump our chest like crazy, de-manding that other folks live up to their agreements. That is what this is. 
We have lost the appeals every step 
of the way. We have an agreement that says we will treat our trading partners certain ways. We crafted a law that broke that deal. We are now being de-manded and required to live up to our trade obligations. This is no different than us trying to force all the other countries around the world to live up to their obligations as well. 
This is about protecting American 
exports from these retaliatory meas-ures that are unnecessary to happen. If consumers want their business and want to know where their food comes from, we can certainly craft a vol-untary program that allows the mar-ket to exploit that information if, in fact, consumers want that. 
Nothing that we are doing today will 
prevent us from creating some sort of a voluntary program that would, in fact, give consumers that information with-out being in violation of our trade agreements with our partners. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
bill, avoid these retaliatory measures, which are totally unnecessary, if we would, in fact, do the work we are sup-posed to do. 
I also want to thank my team that 
put together the work on this. They have been incredibly diligent. I know the folks on the other side as well have worked hard on this. 
We have tried to come to a bipartisan 
agreement; we just couldn’t get there, but I want to thank my team for the great work that they have done in get-ting us to that point. 
I urge my colleagues to vote for the 
bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mrs. NOEM. Mr. Speaker, consumers de-
serve greater access to information about where their meat comes from, which is why I have always believed Country of Origin Label-ing (COOL) is a critical tool for American fami-lies and ranchers. 
I join many South Dakotans in being deeply 
disappointed by the World Trade Organiza-tion’s recent ruling against COOL. While I don’t necessarily concur with the WTO’s con-
clusions, I agree with my colleagues that something ought to be done to make COOL workable and prevent any damages against our agriculture industry. After all, it is essential that South Dakota farmers and ranchers can continue to be competitive in the export mar-ket. 
The COOL repeal bill that the House is con-
sidering today, however, is premature. By moving on this legislation just weeks after the WTO ruling, we do not have the time nec-essary to explore what other options may be available. We owe it to consumers and pro-ducers to thoroughly consider alternatives. For these reasons, I am voting against the bill. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
H
OLDING ). All time for debate has ex-
pired. 
Pursuant to House Resolution 303, 
the previous question is ordered on the bill, as amended. 
The question is on the engrossment 
and third reading of the bill. 
The bill was ordered to be engrossed 
and read a third time, and was read the third time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the passage of the bill. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Speaker, on 
that I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this question will be post-poned. 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT 
A message in writing from the Presi-
dent of the United States was commu-nicated to the House by Mr. Brian Pate, one of his secretaries. 
f 
CONTINUATION OF THE NATIONAL 
EMERGENCY WITH RESPECT TO THE ACTIONS AND POLICIES OF CERTAIN MEMBERS OF THE GOV-ERNMENT OF BELARUS AND OTHER PERSONS TO UNDERMINE BELARUS’S DEMOCRATIC PROC-ESSES OR INSTITUTIONS—MES-SAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES (H. DOC. NO. 114–42) 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following message from the President of the United States; which was read and, together with the accompanying papers, referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs and ordered to be printed: 
To the Congress of the United States: 
Section 202(d) of the National Emer-
gencies Act (50 U.S.C. 1622(d)) provides for the automatic termination of a na-tional emergency unless, within 90 days prior to the anniversary date of its declaration, the President publishes in the Federal Register and transmits to 
the Congress a notice stating that the emergency is to continue in effect be-yond the anniversary date. In accord-ance with this provision, I have sent to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:30 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JN7.053 H10JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4040 June 10, 2015 
the Federal Register for publication the 
enclosed notice stating that the na-tional emergency with respect to the actions and policies of certain mem-bers of the Government of Belarus and other persons to undermine Belarus’s democratic processes or institutions that was declared in Executive Order 13405 of June 16, 2006, is to continue in effect beyond June 16, 2015. 
The actions and policies of certain 
members of the Government of Belarus and other persons to undermine Belarus’s democratic processes or insti-tutions, to commit human rights abuses related to political repression, and to engage in public corruption con-tinue to pose an unusual and extraor-dinary threat to the national security and foreign policy of the United States. For this reason, I have determined that it is necessary to continue the national emergency declared in Executive Order 13405 with respect to Belarus. 
B
ARACK OBAMA .
THEWHITE HOUSE , June 10, 2015 . 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE 
APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2016 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, 
I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their re-marks and to include extraneous mate-rial on H.R. 2685 and that I may include tabular material on the same. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from New Jersey? 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to House Resolution 303 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consider-ation of the bill, H.R. 2685. 
The Chair appoints the gentleman 
from Texas (Mr. P
OE) to preside over 
the Committee of the Whole. 
b1545 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved 
itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill (H.R. 2685) making appropriations for the Depart-ment of Defense for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2016, and for other purposes, with Mr. P
OEin the chair. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The CHAIR. Pursuant to the rule, the 
bill is considered read the first time. 
The gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. 
F
RELINGHUYSEN ) and the gentleman 
from Indiana (Mr. V ISCLOSKY ) each will 
control 30 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from New Jersey. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair-
man, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
As I rise to present the House Appro-
priations Committee’s recommenda-tion for the fiscal year 2016 Department of Defense Appropriations bill, there are nearly 200,000 servicemen and 
-women serving abroad, doing the work of freedom on every continent, and there are many more at home who are serving in every one of our States—Ac-tive, Guard and Reserve—all volun-teers. We are grateful to them and their families. 
They are certainly not all experts in 
some of the language and terms that will be part of our vocabulary during this debate over the next 24 hours— phrases like ‘‘sequester’’ and ‘‘con-tinuing resolution,’’ ‘‘Budget Control Act,’’ ‘‘overseas contingency account,’’ and the ‘‘global war on terrorism ac-count’’—but they have every expecta-tion that they will have our united, bi-partisan support for this bill whether they serve aboard a ship, fly through airspace, or provide overwatch on land to support a military mission. This leg-islation was developed after 12 hear-ings, many briefings, travel to the Mid-dle East and Europe, and countless staff hours, with those who serve us, military and civilian, very much in mind. 
This is a product of a very bipartisan 
and cooperative effort, for which I thank my good friend, the ranking member, P
ETEVISCLOSKY . It has been a 
pleasure to work with him. We are both fortunate to have committee members who are engaged and committed so much to this product. We are grateful for the support of Chairman R
OGERS  
and Ranking Member L OWEY . 
In total, the bill provides just over 
$578 billion in discretionary spending, an increase of $24.4 billion over the fis-cal year 2015 enacted level. This topline includes $88.4 billion in the global war on terrorism funding for war efforts, and it is at the level assumed in the House-Senate budget conference agree-ment. I would point out that our House total is very close to the number Presi-dent Obama submitted in his fiscal year 2016 budget request for national defense. Of course, the base funding recommendation is just over $490 bil-lion, which reflects the budget caps en-acted in 2011 as part of the Budget Con-trol Act, signed by President Obama. 
To reach our reduced allocation, we 
reviewed in detail the President’s sub-mission and found areas and programs where reductions were possible without harming military operations, warfighter readiness, or critical mod-ernization efforts. Please be assured we made every dollar count. To do so, we have taken reductions from programs that have been restructured or termi-nated, subject to contract or schedule delays, contain unjustified cost in-creases or funding requested ahead of need, or because of historical under-execution and rescissions of unneeded funds. 
Of course, our bill keeps faith with 
our troops and their families by includ-ing a 2.3 percent pay increase, a full percentage above the President’s own request. It also provides general fund-ing to their benefits and critical de-fense health programs. In another key area, this package contains robust 
funding to counter serious worldwide cyber threats—now an everyday occur-rence. 
But I think we would all agree that 
the world is a much more dangerous, unstable, and unpredictable place than it was in 2011 when the Budget Control Act was signed into law by President Obama. The budget caps developed back then could never have envisioned the emerging and evolving threats that we are seeing today in the Middle East, North Africa, Asia, Eastern Europe, and elsewhere. 
So, to respond to current and future 
threats and to meet our constitutional responsibilities to provide for the com-mon defense, we developed, in a bipar-tisan way, a bill that adheres to the current law and provides additional re-sources to end catastrophic cuts to military programs and people. These additional resources are included in title IX, the global war on terrorism account. That account has been care-fully vetted to assure its war-related uses. 
Our subcommittee scrubbed the 
President’s base budget for this year and past budget requests, and it has identified those systems and programs that are absolutely connected to our ongoing fight against threats presented by ISIL, al Qaeda, al-Nusrah, the Khorasan Group, Boko Haram, and other radical terrorist organizations, including the Iranian Quds Force. 
We also projected what resources the 
military and intelligence community will need to meet ongoing challenges of nation-state aggressors like Russia, China, Iran, North Korea, and others. Not surprisingly, we have heard objec-tions about the use of title IX to boost our topline national security spending in this bill. Frankly, I do not believe there is anyone on either side of the Capitol who believes this should be our first go-to option. Rather, it is a proc-ess we undertake as a last resort to make sure our troops can answer the call amid a worsening threat environ-ment around the world. 
Again, we have been very careful 
about what went into this global war on terrorism account. We resisted the temptation to simply transfer large portions of the base bill’s operations and maintenance accounts into the global war on terrorism account. We painstakingly worked to provide need-ed resources for the preparation of our forces in the field whenever a crisis may exist or develop in the future, like the current unfolding disaster which is Iraq. 
In a recent Statement of Administra-
tion Policy, the White House asserted that the global war on terrorism fund-ing—the old OCO account, the overseas contingency account—in their words is a ‘‘funding mechanism intended to pay for wars.’’ I could not agree more, and that is why we enforce that account to provide President Obama with the funding resources he needs to lead us as Commander in Chief. Within that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:30 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JN7.018 H10JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4041 June 10, 2015 
account, I want to highlight two areas 
of critical importance—ISR and readi-ness. 
We believe that a strong intelligence, 
surveillance, and reconnaissance— ISR—capability is a critical component of the global war on terror; yet a suc-cession of combatant commanders has testified before our committee that only a fraction of their ISR require-ments is being met, in essence, leaving them blind to the enemy’s activities, movements, and intentions. Accord-ingly, the global war on terrorism ac-count contains an additional $500 mil-
lion above the President’s 2016 request to improve our ISR capabilities: the procurement of additional ISR aircraft and ground stations, the training of ISR pilots and other personnel, and the 
processing of that type of derived data. 
Likewise, we share the concern of the 
Army, Air Force, and Marines about the overall erosion of readiness in the force. So, to begin to reinvest in readi-ness, title IX includes an additional $2.5 billion above the President’s re-quest for this purpose to be distributed to all of our services and to the Guard and Reserves. I would add that this sum must be detailed and justified to Congress 30 days before it is spent. 
Again, this bill is structured to give 
the President the tools he needs to act. For example, when he finally does de-velop a long-awaited, complete, and comprehensive strategy to combat ISIL and other terrorist groups, we have provided in this bill the resources he will need to execute his plans. I 
think we would all agree that America must lead, and this bill enables leader-ship. 
Mr. Chairman, I will allow myself a 
closing thought: 
The Washington Post recently edito-
rialized on the defense authorization bill: ‘‘There isn’t much bipartisan gov-ernance left in Washington, but if any-thing fits that description, it’s prob-ably the annual defense bill.’’ 
Mr. Chairman, this bill deserves bi-
partisan support, and after many hours of productive debate, I look forward to a bipartisan vote. Our troops deserve it. Our national security requires it. Our adversaries need to see it. 
I reserve the balance of my time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:30 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JN7.058 H10JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4042 June 10, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:30 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JN7.013 H10JNPT1
Insert offset folio 657/1 here EH10JN15.001rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSEDepartment of Defense Appropriations Act FY 2016 {H.~. 2060) 
TITLE I 
MILITARY PERSONNEL 
Military Personnel, 
Military Personnel. 
Military Personnel. Corps 
Military Personnel, Air Force 
Reserve Personna 1 , Army 
Reserve Personnel, Navy 
Reserve Personnel, Marine Corps 
Reserve Personnel, Air Force 
National Guard Personnel. Army 
National Guard Personnel Air Force 
Total. Title I Military Porsonne1 
TITLE II 
OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE 
Operation and Maintenance, 
Operation and Maintenance, 
Operation and Mal ntenance 
Operation aoo Mai ntonance 
Operation and Maintenance, 
Operation aod Maintenance. 
Operation aod Maintenance 
Operation '"d Maintenance. 
Operation aod Maintenance. 
Operation aod Maintena11ce, 
Oporat ion aoo Maintenance. Air National GuBrd 
United States Court of Appeals toe the Armed Forces 
Environmental Restoration, Army 
Environmental Restoration, Navy 
Environmental Restoration, Air Force 
Environmental Restorat·ion. Dcfonse-W1de 
Environmental Restoration, Formerly Usod Defense 
Overseas Humanitarian. Oi saster. and CiV1C Aid 
Cooperat ·1 ve Threat Reduct 1 on Account 
Department of Defense Acquisition Workforce 
Development Fund 
Tot a 1 . Ti tlo II, Operation '"" maintenancr; (Amounts in Thousands} 
41 
27 
12 
27 
4 FY 2015 
Enacted 
, 116' 129 
453. 200 
828.931 
376,462 
317 859 
1 . 835 924 
669 424 
'553' 148 
7 643 832 
3' 118 700 
-··-····--··· 
128,004,618 
"""'"'"'"'"'""'""''"" 
31 . 961 920 
37 590 854 
5 610 063 
34 539 965 
30 824 752 
2 513 393 
1 ,021 . 200 
270 846 
026 342 
175 '951 
6 '408 558 
13 723 
201 . 560 
277 294 
408 718 
8 54 7 
250.853 
103 '000 
365 108 
83 034 
-------·---
161 . 655 619 
"'"'"'"'"'''"""""'""'" FY 2016 
Request 
41 .130 748 
28 262' 396 
13 125 349 
27 969 322 
4 550 974 
1 '884 991 
706 481 
1 696 283 
942 132 
222 551 
130 491 '227 
"'"'"""'"'"'"'"'"'""" 
35' 107 546 
42 200. 756 
6 228 7B2 
38-191 929 
32 440 843 
2 665' 792 
1 '001. 758 
277 038 
064' 257 
717 977 
6,956,210 
14,078 
234,829 
292 453 
368' 1 31 
8 232 
203. 717 
100 256 
358 496 
84, 140 
176 517 228 
"'""'"""""'""'"'"" Bill 
37 295 571 
26 711 . 323 
12 586 679 
26 226 952 
463 164 
,866 891 
705 271 
. 689 333 
980 413 
3' 202 010 
122 727 607 
""""'"'="""'""'""'" 
28. 349 751 
40 548 338 
338 793 
36 094 484 
30 182 187 
2 644 274 
999 621 
276 751 
2 815 852 
6' 731 '119 
6' 605 400 
14 '078 
234 829 
8 232 
228 717 
103 256 
358 496 
84 '140 
162' 286 489 
"'"""""'"'"'""'"'""' Bi 11 vs 
Enacted 
-3,820,558 
-741 877 
-242,252 
-1 '149 510 
+145 305 
+30' 967 
•44 847 
•36 185 
+336 581 
•83 301 
-5' 277 011 
"'"'"'"'""""'=::;:,::;:: 
-3 612, 159 
•2 957 484 
-271 . 270 ., . 554 519 
. 642 565 
+130 881 
-21 '579 
•5 915 
• 210 480 
+555 166 
+195 842 
+355 
+33 269 
+22,705 
-40.585 
-315 
·22.136 
+266 
-6 612 
+1 '106 
<-630.810 
"'"'""""""'"'"""::'' -3 
-1 Bi 11 vs 
Request 
835' 177 
'551 '073 
-538 670 
-1 , 742 370 
-87 810 
18, 100 
-1 '21 0 
-6 950 
•38 281 
-20 541 
-7. 763 520 
::;::;::;::::;:;;;;;:;:;::;;;:;:;;::;::; 
-6 757 785 
-1 '652 418 
·889 989 
-2 097 445 
·2 258 B56 
-21 '518 
-2' 137 
·275 
-248 395 
•13 142 
-350 810 
t7 547 
125 000 
t3 000 
-14 230 739 
"""""""""'""'"'" 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4043 June 10, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:30 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JN7.013 H10JNPT1
Insert offset folio 657/2 here EH10JN15.002rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSEDepartment of Defense Approprlal.lons Act I"Y 2016 (H.~. LllilO) 
(Amounts in Thousands) 
TITLE III 
PROCUREMENT 
Aircraft Procurement, Army 
Missile Procurement, Army 
Procurement of weapons 4od Tracked Combat Veh-icles, 
Army 
Procurement of Ammunition, 
Other Procurement. Army 
Aircraft Procurement, Navy 
Weapons Procurement, Navy 
Procurement ot Ammunition, Navy and Marino 
Sl)ipbullding and Convorsi on, Navy 
Other Procurement, Navy 
Procurement, Marine Corps 
Aircraft Procurement, A1r Force 
Other ProctJrement. Air Force 
Procurement, Defense-Wide 
Defense Product ion Act 
Total. Title III, Procurement 
TITLE IV 
RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST AND EVALUATION 
Research Dovel opment, Test ocd Evaluation Army 
Research. Development Test ood Evaluation, Navy 
Research Oevcl opment, and Evaluation, Air Force 
Research, Development 
Defense-W'ide 
Gperat i onal Test and Eva'luation, 
Total, Title IV, Research Development, Test anc! 
Evaluation 
TITLE V 
REVOLVING AND MANAGEMENT FUNDS 
Defense Wor-king Capital Funds 
National Defense Sealift Fund 
Total, Title V, Revolv·ing and Management Funds FY 2015 
Enacted 
216 225 
1 '208 692 
1 '722 136 
1 015 477 
d' 747 523 
14 758 035 
3 137 257 
674 100 
15 954 379 
5 846 558 
935 209 
12 067 703 
4' 629 662 
659 909 
16 781 . 266 
4. 429 303 
51 '638 
93 835 072 
o:o;::;:;;:::;,;::;;::;:,;::;;::;:;;::::;:;o 
6 675 565 
15 958 460 
23 643 983 
17 225 889 
209 378 
63 713 275 
1 ,649,468 
485.012 
134 '480 
"'"""'""'"'""'""~"'"' FY 2016 
Request 
689 357 
1 '419 957 
'887 073 
'233 378 
899 028 
16' 126 405 
3' 154 154 
723 741 
16 597 457 
6 614 715 
1 '131 '418 
15 657 769 
2 987 045 
584,061 
'758.843 
18 272' 438 
5' 130,853 
46,680 
106 914' 372 
:;,::;;::;:;o;:;:;;:o;;;::::;;::;,;::::; 
6' 924 959 
17 885 916 
26 473 669 
18 329.861 
170' 558 
69 784.963 
312 568 
474' 164 
1 '786 732 
""""'"'"""'""'""'"'"' Bi 11 
5' 136 971 
1 'i 60 482 
'805 773 
,007 778 
230 677 
i6 871 ,819 
2 '998 541 
559 141 
16 '852 569 
6 696 715 
973 084 
14 224 475 
2' 334 165 
'935 '034 
253 496 
15 099 950 
5, 143 095 
76 680 
98 559 445 
;::;::::;:o;:;;;;;;;,;;:;:::;::::;;:;:;;:o; 
7' 372 047 
17 237 724 
23' 163 152 
18 207 '171 
170 558 
66' j 50 652 
1 . 634 568 
474 '164 
2 108 732 
"'""'"'"'"""'""'"'""" Bill vs 
Enacted 
+120 746 
-48 210 
>83 637 
-7 699 
+483 154 
+2, 1 i 3 784 
-138 716 
-114 959 
+898 190 
+850 157 
137 875 
•2 156 772 
-2' 295 497 
11 '935 034 
-406 413 
·1 '682 316 
+713 792 
+25,042 
+4' 724' 373 
::o:::o:::::::;:;::::c:.::;:;ooo: 
+696 482 
+i . 279 264 
"480 831 
+981 '282 
-33 820 
+2 437 377 
-14 900 
-1 0 848 
-25 748 
""'"""'"'"'"'""'""""' Bill vs 
Request 
-352' 386 
. 259 4 75 
-81 '300 
. 225 600 
-668 351 
+745 414 
"155 613 
-164 600 
+255' 112 
182 000 
-158' 334 
·1 '433. 294 
-652 880 
-649 027 
-1 '505 347 
-3' i 73' 488 
+i 2 242 
>30 000 
.a. 354 927 
;::"'"'"'"'"'""'""'""'"' 
+447' 086 
-648.192 
-3,310,517 
-122,690 
-3,634,311 
+322 000 
+322 000 
"'""'""'"'"':::"'""'"" 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4044 June 10, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:30 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JN7.013 H10JNPT1
Insert offset folio 657/3 here EH10JN15.003rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSEDepartment of Defense Appropriat.1ons Act I"Y ZOlO (H.R_ L055) 
(Amounts 1 n Thousamls) 
TITLE VI 
OTHER DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE PROGRAMS 
Defense Health Program 
Operation and mal ntenance 
Procurement 
Research, development. 
Total, Defense 1-ieal:h Program 11 31 
Chem1cal Agents and Munitions Destr-uct10n Defense 
Ope rat ion and maintenance 
Procurement 
Research, development. test and 
Total, Chemical Agents 21 
Drug Interdict ion and Counter 
Counter-narcot1cs support 
Drug demand reduction program 
National Guard counter-drug program 
Total, Drug Interdiction and Counter Drug 
Act1vit1es, Defense 4/ 
Joint Urgent Operationa'l Needs Fund 
Support for International Sporting Competitions 
Office of the Inspector General '1 i 
Total , 
Programs 
TITLE VIr 
RELATED AGENCIES 
Central Intelligence Agency Retirement and Disability 
System Fund 
Intelligence Community 
Total, Title VII. Related agencies 30 
1 
32 
34 FY 2015 
Enacted 
030 650 
308 413 
730 709 
069 772 
196 128 
10' 227 
595.913 
802 268 
669 631 
105 591 
175 465 
950 687 
10 ,000 
311 . 830 
144 55? 
"''"'""""'"""'""-"""' 
514 000 
507 600 
j '021 < 600 
:::o:o::::;;::::::::::::;:c::::::::: 30 
32 FY 2016 
Request 
889 940 
373 287 
980 101 
243 328 
139 098 
2 281 
579 342 
. . ----. ------
720 721 
739 009 
111 '589 
850 598 
99' 701 
316' 159 
34 230 507 
"""'"'""'""'"'""""' 
514 000 
530 023 
1. 044 023 
"""""'"'""""""" B i 11 
29 489 521 
373 287 
1.577, 201 
31 . 440 009 
139 098 
2 281 
579 342 
720 721 
616 611 
113 589 
147 898 
878 298 
316 159 
33 355 187 
:=::::::::::::::::::::::::::::oo:::o 
514,000 
507.923 
1 '021 . 923 
'""''""""""'"'""'"'" Bill vs 
Enacted 
-541 '129 
•64 874 
-153 508 
-629 763 
-57.030 
• 7' 946 
"" 571 
"" . 547 
"" 820 
• 7 998 
"" 567 
"" 389 
"10 000 
•4 329 
-789 370 
::::::::::o:::::eo::::o:::::::::: 
+323 
+323 
"'"""""'"''""""'"'"' Si 11 vs 
Request 
-1 '400 419 
+597' 100 
. 803 319 
-122. 198 
•2 000 
+147 896 
•27 700 
-99' 701 
-8?5 320 
::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::: 
-22, 100 
-22' 100 
"'"""""""'"'""'""' 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4045 June 10, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:30 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JN7.013 H10JNPT1
Insert offset folio 657/4 here EH10JN15.004rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSEDepartment oT Defense Appropr-iatlons Act FY 20\D (11.1<. ('tlll:'\) 
(Amounts in Thousands) 
TITLE VIII 
GENERAL PROVISIONS 
Additional tr'ansfer authority (Sec.8005) 
Operation and Maintenance Defense-Wide (Soc 
FFROC (Sec.8023). 
Overseas Military Facility Investment Recovery 
{Sec.8028) 
Rescissions (Sec.8040). 
National grants {Sec. 8046) 
O&M, Defense-w·ide transfer authority (Sec_ 8050) 
Global Security Contingency Fund {O&M, Defense-wide 
transfer) 
Fisher House foundation (Sec.8067} 
Rev1 sed economic assumptions (Sec.8074) 
Fisher House O&M Army Navy Air Force transfer authority 
(Sec.8090) 
Defense Heal ttl O&M transfer authority (Sec 
Ship Modern'i z.atl on Operations a11d 
Sustainment Fund 
Basic allowance for housing (Sec 
Mi 1 i tary ,,, ra1 se {Sec.8124) 
work1 ng Capital Fund excess cash 
Revised tuel costs (Sec.8i26) 
John C Stennis Center for Public Service Development 
Trust. Fund (O&M, Navy transfer authority) 
Total, Title VIII, General Provis1ons (4 FY 2015 
Enacted 
500,000) 
175.000 
-40,000 
-1 • 228 020 
44 000 
130 000) 
{ 200 000) 
4 ,000 
-386 268 
(ii '000) 
{ 146 857) 
540 000 
88 000 
{ 1 '000) 
-803.288 FY 2016 
Request 
(5.500.000) 
1 ,000 
(30,000) 
(ii .000) 
(121 .000) 
{ 1 ,000) 
1 ,000 Blll 
I 4 500 000) 
-88 400 
i ,000 
"869 429 
44 000 
(30 000) 
5, 000 
-3 '152 206 
(ii ,000) 
( 121 ,000) 
400 000 
700 000 
-359 000 
. 814 000 
-2,133 035 Bi 11 \IS 
Enacted 
-175.000 
"48 400 
'i , 000 
+358 591 
200 000) ,, '000 
-765 938 
(-25 857) 
-540' 000 
+312 000 
+ 700 000 
-359 000 
-814 GOO 
( -1 ,000) 
-1 32~!.747 (-i 8 i 11 VS 
Request 
000 000) 
"88 400 
-869 429 
>44 000 
'5 000 
-1 , 152 206 
+400' 000 
+700,000 
-359,000 
-814.000 
(-i '000) 
-2,134 035 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4046 June 10, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:30 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JN7.013 H10JNPT1
Insert offset folio 657/5 here EH10JN15.005rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSEDepartment of Defense Approprlat.lons Act t'Y LOHl (M.R. 251.15) 
TITLE IX 
GLOBAL WAR ON TERRORISM (GWOT) 
Military Personnel 
Military Personnel< Army (GWOT). 
Military Personnel. Navy (GWOT) 
Hili tary Personnel, Manne Corps (GWOT) 
Military Personnel, Air Force {GWOT) 
Reserve Personnel, Army (GWOT) 
Reserve Personnel, Navy (GWOT) 
Reserve Personne1, Marine Corps (G~IOT) 
Reserve Personnel, A1r Force (GWOT} 
National Guard Personnel, Army (GWOT) 
National Guard Personnel, A< r Force (GWOT) 
Total, Military Personne1 
Operation and Maintenance 
Operation & Maintenance, Army (GWOT) 
Operation & Maintenance, Navy (GWOT} 
Coast Guard (by transfer) (GWOT) 
Operation & Maintenance. Marine Corps (GWOT). 
Operation & Maintenance, A1r Force (GWOT) 
Operation & Maintenance. Defense-Wide (GWOT) 
Coalition support funds (GWOT) 
Operation & Maintenance Army Reserve (SWOT) 
Operation & Maintenance Navy Reserve (GWOT) 
Operation & Maintenance Mar-ine Corps Reserve 
Operation & Maintenance 
Operation & Ma1ntenance 
Operat.1on & Ma1ntenance 
Subtotal. Operation and Maintenance 
Counterterrorism Partnerships Fund 
European Reassurance Initiative 
Afghanistan Security Forces 
Iraq Train and Equip Fund (GWOT) 
Syria Train and Equip Fund {GWOT) 
Total. Opcrat.1on and Maintenance {AmouPts 1n Thousands) 
FY 2015 
Enacted 
259 970 
332 166 
403 311 
728 034 
24 990 
13 95:1 
5 069 
19 175 
174 77S 
4 8!14 
4' 966 640 
18, 108 656 
6 253 819 
1 . 850 984 
10 076' 383 
6 211 '025 
(1 '260 000) 
41 532 
45 876 
10 540 
77, 794 
42 776 870 
1,300 000 
175 000 
4 109 333 
618 000 
49.979,203 FY 2016 
Request 
1 '828 441 
251 '011 
171 . 079 
726 126 
24 462 
12 693 
3 393 
18 710 
3' 204 758 
11 '382 750 
5' 131 '588 
( 160 002) 
952 534 
9 090 013 
5' 805 633 
(1 '260 000) 
24' 559 
31 '643 
3 455 
58, 106 
60 845 
19 900 
32 561 '025 
2. 100 000 
3. 762 257 
715 000 
600 000 
39 736 283 Bi 11 
664. 570 
1,643.136 
555 '998 
2,376,095 
24 462 
12. 693 
3 393 
18 710 
166 015 
2 828 
10 467,900 
18,910,604 
6,747,313 
(160.002) 
1,871,834 
10 799, 220 
7 559' 131 
(1 .260.000} 
124 559 
34 187 
3 455 
209 606 
160 845 
225 350 
46 646 104 
060 000 
3 .762 257 
715 000 
600 000 
53 783 361 Bi 11 vs 
Enacted 
+2. 404' 600 
+1,310,970 
+152,687 
'1 ,647,761 
-528 
-1 260 
,1 . 676 
-465 
-8 763 
+ 2 066 ,, 501 '260 
+801 '948 
+493' 494 
(+160,002) 
+20 850 
+722.B37 
'1 ,348,106 
+83' 027 
·11 ,689 
• 7. 085 
+131 '812 
+83, 184 
+202,750 
+3 '869 234 
..-760 000 
-175 000 
·347 076 
-903 000 
+500. 000 
+3,804.158 Si! l VS 
Request 
+3,836, 129 
+1 . 392' 125 
+384 919 
+1 . 649 969 
+7.263,142 
+7,527 854 
+1 '615 725 
+919 300 
+1 . 709 207 
+1 '753 498 
+tOO 000 
+2' 544 
+151 '500 
+100 000 
+205 450 
"' 085 078 
"40 000 
+14,045,078 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4047 June 10, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:30 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JN7.013 H10JNPT1
Insert offset folio 657/6 here EH10JN15.006rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSELl<Jpar-tment of Defense Appr-opr-latlons Act f'Y 2010 (H.R. 20$5) 
(Amounts in Thousands) 
Procurement 
Aircraft Procurement, Army (GWOT) 
Missile Procurement. Army (GWOT) 
Procurement of Weapons and Tracked Combat Vehicles, 
Army (GWOT) 
Procurement of Ammunition, Army (GWOT) 
Other Procurement Army (GWOT) 
Aircraft Procurement Navy (GWOT) 
Weapons Procurement, Navy (GWOT) 
Procurement of Ammunition Navy and 
Other Procurement, Navy (GWOT) 
Procurement Marine Corps (GWOT) 
A1rcraft Procurement, Air Force (GI~OT) 
Miss i 1 e Procurement. Air force {GWQT) 
Space Procurement, Air Force {GWOT) 
Procurement of Ammun1 t ion, Air Force 
Other Procurement, Air Force (GWOT) 
Procurement, Defense-Wide (GWOT) 
National Guard and Reserve Equipment 
Total, Procurement 
Resear-ch, Development, Test and Evaluation 
Research, Development, Test & Evaluation Army (GWOT) 
Research, Development Test & Evaluation, Navy (GWOT) 
Research Development Te~ t & Evaluat'ion Air Force 
{GWOT) 
Research Development. Test and Evaluat,on, 
Oefense-W1de {GWOT) 
Total, Resc<>rch, Development, Test and 
Evaluat1on 
Revolving and Management Flmds 
Defense Work"i ng Capital Funds (GWOT) FY 2015 
Enacted 
196 200 
32' 136 
5 '000 
140 905 
773 583 
243 359 
66 785 
154 519 
123 710 
65 589 
481 '01 9 
136. 189 
219 785 
607 526 
250 386 
1 '200 '000 
7' 696 '691 
000 
36 020 
14, 705 
174 647 
227 373 
91 '350 FY 2016 
Request 
164,987 
37,260 
26.030 
192.040 
1 '205' 596 
217 394 
3 344 
136 930 
12, 186 
48 934 
128 900 
289' 142 
228 874 
859 964 
212 418 
6 .763 999 
1 '500 
35' 74 7 
17 100 
137 037 
191 '434 
88 '850 759 073 
572 735 
54 7 630 
431 .640 
1 '648 312 
722 274 
1 OS 459 
12 186 
234 741 
1 '297 726 
773 638 
452 676 
673 358 
045 550 
217 701 
. 500 000 ·----------
18 094 '699 
1 '500 
217 647 
.366 242 
199 264 
1 784,653 
88 '850 8i 11 vs 
Enacted 
+562 873 
+540 599 
+642 630 
+290 735 
+874 729 
+4 78 915 
-66 765 
-49 060 
-111 '524 
+169' 152 
..-SHi 707 
~63 7 449 
+452 676 
+1 '453 573 
+3,438.024 
·32.685 
+300 000 
+10,398 008 
-500 
•181 '627 
>1 351 '536 
•24 617 
•1 '557 280 
·2 ,500 8i ll V$ 
Request 
+594 OB6 
+535 475 
+621 '600 
+239 600 
+442 716 
+504 880 
-3 344 
-31 '471 
+185 807 
+"! , 168 826 
+484 496 
+452 676 
•1 . 444 484 ., ' 185 586 
•5 283 
•1 '500 000 
•11 '330 700 
+181 '900 
., '349 142 
+62' 177 
•1 . 593 219 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4048 June 10, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:30 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JN7.013 H10JNPT1
Insert offset folio 657/7 here EH10JN15.007rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSEDep<:n-tmer1t of Defense) Appropriations Act FY 20i6 (H R, 2685) 
(Amounts in H:ousands) 
Other Department of Defense Programs 
Defense Health Program 
Operation and maintenance (GWOT) 
Drug Interdiction and Counter, Drug Activities. Defense 
(GWOT) 
Joint !mprov i sed Expl osl ve Device Defeat Fund 
Office of the Inspector General (GWOT) 
Total, Ot1'1er Department of Defense Programs 
TITLE IX General Prov-isions 
Additional transfer authority 
Rescissions (GWOT) 
Unexploded ordnance {GWOT) 
Assistance to Ukraine {GWOT) (Sec. 9014) 
lntell1gence, Surveillance, and Reconml·issance (GWOT} 
(Sec. 9016) 
Readiness (G\40T) (Sec 9017) 
Total, General Provisions 
Total, Title IX 
TITLE X 
EBOLA RESPONSE AND PREPAREDNESS 
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE 
Procurement. Defense-wide (emergency) 
Research, Development. Test <~nd Evaluation Defense-wide 
(emergency) FY 2015 
EMlCted 
300 531 
205 000 
444 . 464 
10 623 
960 618 
1,000.000 
13 420 
63 935 295 
:;oo;o;;;o;o:;"'""'"'"'"'""-
17 000 
95 000 
112 000 
( 112 000) 
"'"'""'""'" """'"''"" 
288 
"'""'"'""""'":::::::::: FY 2016 
Request 
272 704 
186 000 
493 271 
10 262 
962 237 
(3, 500 000) 
50.949.561 
"'"'"'""""""'"'""""' 
"'"""'''""""'"""'"'"' 
571 . 719 613 
(520 770 052) 
(50 949 561) 
====='======== Bi '11 
272 704 
275 300 
443 271 
10 '262 
1. 001 537 
I 3 500 000) 
200 000 
500 000 
2 500 000 
3 200 000 
88 421 000 
"'"'""'"'"""'""'""'"' 
"'""';;;=;;;=="'"""'" 
572 498 000 
( 484 946 429) 
(88 421 . 000) 
I -869 429) 
"'"'"'"'"'""'"'"""""' Bi 11 VS 
Enacted 
·27 827 
•70 300 
·1 '193 
-361 
•40 919 
+1,236.580 
-250.000 
+200 000 
+500 000 
•1 ,500 000 
•3 186 580 
•24 '485 705 
"'"""'""""'"'""'"'"'"'"' 
·17 000 
. 95 000 
-------------
-112.000 
112.000) 
"'""'"'""'""'"'"'"'"" +24,744 712 
( +12 416) 
( -112 000) 
(+23,249 125) 
( +358 591 I 
I •1 '236' 580) 
========,==== Bill VS 
Request 
•89 300 
. 50 000 
+39. 300 
+200 000 
+500 000 
•2 500 000 
-------------
•3 200 000 
+37 471 . 439 
''"""'""'""""'""'"'"' 
""'"'""""'""'"'"'"'" 
+ 778 387 
(-35.823 623) 
(+37.471 '439) 
( -869 429) 
======="'""'"'-'"'"' 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4049 June 10, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:30 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JN7.013 H10JNPT1
Insert offset folio 657/8 here EH10JN15.008rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSEDeportment of Defense Ap;:wopr-l at< ons Act r'Y ;?_() 1 t) \H. R. 2685) 
(Amounts in Thousands) 
CONGRESSIONAL BUDGET RECAP 
Scorekeeping adJustments 
Lease of defense real property {permanent) 
Disposal of defense real property (permanent) 
DHP, O&M to DOD-VA JOint Inccnt1ve Fund (permanent) 
Defense function 
Non-defense function 
DHP, O&M to Joint DOD-VA Medical Fac,Jity 
Demonstration Fund (Sec.8102) 
Defense function 
Non-defense function 
O&M, Defense-wide transfer to Oeprtrtment 
of State 
Defense function 
Non-defense function 
Navy transfer to John C Stennis Center for Public 
Service Development Trus1 Fund 
Defense function 
Non~defense function 
Title IX O&M, Navy transfer to Coast Guard, Qp.Exp 
{By transfer) 
Tricare accrual (permanent. 
(GWOT) 
Less emergency appropriations 
Total, scorekeeping adjustments FY 2015 
Enacted 
31 .000 
8 000 
-15 '000 
15,000 
-146 857 
146 857 
-30.000 
30-000 
963 000 
64 700 
-112 000 
954 700 FY 2016 
Request 
33 000 
8 000 
-15 000 
15 000 
"120 000 
120 000 
-i '000 
1. 000 
(160,002) 
6,631,000 
6,672.000 8i 11 
33 000 
8 000 
-15 000 
15 000 
"120 000 
120 000 
(160 002) 
6' 631 '000 
6,672 000 Bi 11 vs 
Enacted 
+2. 000 
+26 857 
-26 857 
+30 000 
"30 000 
( +160 002) 
"332 000 
-64 700 
+112 000 
• 282 700 Bi 11 vs 
Request 
" '000 
·1 '000 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4050 June 10, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:30 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JN7.013 H10JNPT1
Insert offset folio 657/9 here EH10JN15.009rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSEDepi:H·tmtJnt of Defen~E:J Appn>pr-i<Hions A<.::t f'Y 2011:\ (H.R. 2685) 
(Amounts in Thousands) 
Ti t1c I 
Title II 
Title I II 
Title IV 
Title v­
Title VI 
Title VII 
Tit'le VIII RECAPITLILATION 
Total. Department of Defense 
Scorekeeping adjustments 
Total mandatory and discretionary 
1/ Included in Budget under Operation and Maintenance 
21 Included in Bt!dgct under Procurement 
3/ Budget request assumes enactment of DoD's 
pharmacy ICon so! i dated Health Plan proposa Is 
41 Budget request docs not break out total recommended 
in bill language 
5i Conlributions to Department of Defense 
Medicare-Eligible Retiree health Care Fund 
(Sec. 725, P.l. 108-375) Amount does not include 
Budget proposals to amend TRICARE 
NOTE: Jn FY 2015, tho amount provided for Space 
Procurement, Air Force was included 1n tho 
appropriation for Missile Procurement. Air Force The 
House repor-ted table counts the FY 2015 amount 
for Space Procurement Air Force ($2,658,789) 
twice--as part of Missile Procurement, flir Force 
and as a separate appropriation 128 FY 2015 
Enacted 
004 '61 il 
161 ,655.679 
93 835 072 
63 713 275 
2' 134 480 
34 
1 
63 935 295 
112 800 
547 753 288 
6' 954 700 
554 707 988 
::::::::;:::::""'"'""'"'"'"' FY 2016 
Request 
130' 491 '227 
176 517 228 
106 914 372 
09 784 963 
1 '786 732 
34 230 507 
1 '044 023 
1 '000 
50 949 561 
571 '719,613 
6.672.000 
578,3.91,613 
"'"'"""'""'""'"'"'== 122 727 607 
162 286 489 
98 559 445 
66 150 052 
2 108, 732 
33 355' 187 
1 '021 923 
-2,133.035 
88 421 000 
572 498 000 
0 672 000 
-"---""--"---
579' 170 000 
"'""'"'"=====+== B1l1 vs 
Enacted 
-5,277,011 
+630,810 
+4,724.373 
+2.437,377 
-25.748 
·789,370 
+323 
-1 329,747 
+24 485' 705 
-112,000 
•24 744,712 
·282, 700 
•24 462,012 
===::::==::::===;;;== 8111 vs 
Request 
"7' 763 620 
-14 230' 739 
-8 354 927 
. 3 634 311 
+322 000 
-875 320 
'22' 100 
-2 134 035 
+37 471 '439 
-------------
+778 387 
+778,387 
::=====::::o::::::!O:: 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4051 June 10, 2015 
Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
I would like to begin by expressing 
my appreciation to my good friend, Chairman F
RELINGHUYSEN , and to con-
gratulate him on the collegial and the transparent manner in which he has crafted this legislation. 
I also want to express my sincere ap-
preciation for the efforts of Chairman H
ALROGERS , Ranking Member N ITA 
LOWEY , and of all the members of the 
Defense Subcommittee. 
This bill, obviously, could not have 
been written without the dedication, long hours, discerning judgment, and thoughtful input of our committee staff and personal staffs. I thank them very much. 
The chairman has fully and fairly de-
scribed the bill we are considering today. I believe he has accurately de-scribed the very dangerous and unpre-dictable world in which we live. As such, I will enter my detailed com-ments on the bill for the R
ECORD . In-
stead, I want to use my time during general debate to discuss the albatross around Congress’ neck—the Budget Control Act of 2011. 
Despite near universal disdain and 
plenty of buyer’s remorse from the 187 current House Members who voted in favor of the Budget Control Act, it has proven to be an extremely resilient— yet utterly ineffective—piece of law. We have seen short postponements of sequestration. We have seen 2-year al-leviations of the budget caps. Yet we find ourselves nearly 5 years since its enactment far from the consensus needed to repeal the law. Further, the continued halfhearted attempts to fix the Budget Control Act are almost as detrimental to the law, itself, as they add to the Nation’s uncertainty. 
Additionally, it is becoming increas-
ingly difficult to point to any positive changes in our fiscal situation as a re-sult. While intended to reduce the budget deficit through spending limits and reductions, our national debt has increased by 24.5 percent since the en-actment of the legislation, mainly be-cause the committees that are not truly constrained by discretionary spending caps continue to push politi-cally popular legislation with little re-gard for its impact on the Federal budget. 
For example, in April of this year, 
Congress passed legislation that per-manently fixed the longstanding issues with Medicare’s payment rates for phy-sician services. According to the Con-gressional Budget Office, this fix will result in a $141 billion increase in Fed-eral budget deficits over the next 10 years; yet the measure sailed through both Houses of Congress with very lit-tle opposition, and it was greeted by a cheerful signing statement at the White House. After 17 temporary meas-ures, it is clear that a permanent doc-tor fix was long overdue. However, I be-lieve it illustrates my larger point that we are nowhere close to having a sin-cere conversation about our deficits 
while nondiscretionary spending and a lack of revenue continue to, largely, get a free pass. 
Until the President and Congress 
stop whistling past the graveyard and confront the continued growth and mandatory spending, while simulta-neously increasing revenues, our com-mittee—the Appropriations Com-mittee—has no choice but to carry out the implausible mandate contained in the Budget Control Act and try to con-trol deficits with jurisdiction over only 34 percent of one half of the Federal Ledger. 
It does not help, I fear, that a major-
ity of our colleagues have no idea when the fiscal year starts except that that is when you shut the government down. I despair that most think continuing resolutions are the norm and that se-questration is not all that bad, and that there is some delight every time a civilian Federal employee is fur-loughed. To me, all are symptoms of failure. 
b1600 
The time we have caused people to 
waste by not finishing Congress’ work on time, enacting innumerable con-tinuing resolutions, and vacillating from one top line to another is deplor-able. Whether it is a Federal agency, a State, other political subdivisions, a nonprofit organization, contractors, or an allied nation all have been less effi-cient in recent years because of the constant uncertainty surrounding the Federal Government’s finances. 
To illustrate, in nearly every fiscal 
year since the Budget Control Act’s en-actment, there have been attempts to alter the caps on defense and non-defense spending. Two years ago, the House and Senate had allocations that were $91 billion apart, yet the sub-allocation for defense was only about $4 billion as far as a difference. Both were in excess of the caps. Needless to say, we ended up at a point somewhere between the two, but only after we wasted an incredible amount of time, and shut down the Federal Govern-ment. 
While not a mirror image of 2 years 
ago, the fiscal year 2016 process is ca-reening toward a similar fate. This fis-cal year, the President got the process started by submitting a budget request that did not comply with the limita-tions mandated by the Budget Control Act across all budgeted fiscal years. The majority party’s response to the President was to pass a budget resolu-tion that purports to abide by the caps for fiscal year 2016 for defense and non-defense discretionary spending, yet evades the defense cap by proposing $38 billion above the President’s budget re-quest for overseas contingency oper-
ations—for purposes of this act, the global war on terror. Despite the objec-tions of the Secretary of Defense, this additional funding was further en-trenched by the recently passed fiscal year 2016 National Defense Authoriza-tion Act. There is no question that Presidents 
Bush and Obama, the Department of Defense, and Congress have been complicit since 2001 in using emer-gency war funding to resource enduring requirements for the military. For the past few years, despite the constraints of the Budget Control Act, the Defense Subcommittee, led by my good friend Chairman F
RELINGHUYSEN , has begun 
to make strides in limiting what is an eligible expense for OCO and shift ac-tivities to the base budget; and he is doing exactly the right thing. This was done because it is increasingly dif-ficult, after 14 years, to argue that this operational tempo for our military is a contingency and not the new normal in defending our great Nation and our in-terests. 
Needless to say, I find the increased 
reliance on contingency funding very troubling—and not because I object to providing additional funds for the De-partment of Defense. I agree with the Department, and I agree with the chairman that sticking to the caps for defense spending would necessitate our forces assuming unreasonable risk in carrying out our national defense strategy. 
But at the same time, Mr. Chairman, 
we need a strong nation as well as a strong defense. We cannot continue to let our country deteriorate, with inter-state bridges that collapse and kill our citizens, meaningful scientific research that atrophies, and a population whose educational attainment falls further and further behind. 
Looking ahead, only the most 
Pollyannaish among us fails to see that we will be in the throes of another cri-sis in December. Our time, our staff’s time, Congress’ time, the country’s time should not be wasted any longer. The President of the United States and the leaders of both parties of both Houses ought to start meaningful nego-tiations now so that they can conclude before October 1 to allow this great committee, the Committee on Appro-priations, to again do the business of the country in an orderly, thoughtful, and timely fashion. 
I stress, this is not an issue of proc-
ess. Congress should not be searching for ways to alter the process in order to avoid making hard decisions on an annual basis. This is a matter of will, and we need to use the power of the purse to its fullest. 
I expressed a number of concerns, but 
I would close, relative to the legisla-tion before us, given the constraints that this committee faces, by observ-ing that Chairman F
RELINGHUYSEN and 
the subcommittee have done an excep-tional job in putting this bill together. In particular, the chairman has been meticulous with the $37.5 billion added to title IX of this bill. He has avoided the easy path. Rather, he has painstak-ingly worked to provide the needed re-sources for the preparation of our forces in the field. Further, the chair was very thoughtful in his construc-tion of the base portion of the bill, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:30 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JN7.060 H10JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4052 June 10, 2015 
I believe it and the report provide the 
stability needed for our military per-sonnel—as the chairman emphasized, its readiness—and it preserves our in-dustrial base. 
I close by indicating I look forward 
to the debates on the amendments. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair-
man, I yield 5 minutes to the gen-tleman from Kentucky (Mr. R
OGERS ), 
the chairman of the full committee. 
Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. I thank 
the chairman for yielding. 
Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of 
this Defense Appropriations bill. 
The demands on our military are 
high. We are confronted with esca-lating Russian and Chinese aggression, threats from ISIL and other Islamic terrorist groups, burgeoning nuclear programs in countries like North Korea, and ongoing war in Syria, Yemen, Libya, and other places. We just don’t know what may sprout up next. 
But in the face of this uncertainty, 
we can ensure that our military forces are ready and able to meet whatever challenges may arise. We can make very sure that our troops and com-manders have the tools and support that they need to protect this great Nation and our way of life. 
To this end, the bill provides $578.6 
billion in discretionary funding. That is $24.4 billion above last year’s level and includes $88.4 billion to ensure that we can meet the needs of our military as they fight the global war on ter-rorism. 
This level of funding complies with 
the caps set by the Budget Control Act, as well as the House-passed Defense Authorization bill. Within this total, the bill prioritizes military readiness, providing $219 billion for operation and maintenance programs that keep our troops trained and prepared to respond quickly and decisively. 
The bill also provides priority fund-
ing to ensure that our Armed Forces are supplied with the equipment and the weapons that they need to conduct successful military operations. 
Mr. Chairman, our military is the 
best in the world, and this bill ensures that it stays that way. We invest $67.9 billion in research and development that will keep us on the cutting edge of defense technology and enable us to meet a wide range of future threats to our security. 
But our military is nothing without 
the brave men and women in uniform who sacrifice so much in their service to this Nation. We must keep morale high and provide for the health and well-being of our warfighters and their families. So the bill includes a 2.3 per-cent pay raise for our troops. That is more than the President requested. 
The bill contains $31.7 billion for the 
Defense Health Program to meet all es-timated needs this year. This funding includes important increases above the President’s request for things like can-cer research, traumatic brain injury and psychological health research, and 
suicide prevention outreach. 
I am proud, Mr. Chairman, that this 
appropriations bill accomplishes all of this but also takes important steps to streamline spending at the Pentagon, ensuring that no dollar goes to waste and that we live within our means. 
I want to thank Chairman F
RELING -
HUYSEN and his subcommittee staff and 
members and his very trusted ranking member for their good bipartisan teamwork on this bill. The chairman and ranking member demonstrated ironclad commitment to our troops and to the security of this Nation with this bill. I would also like to acknowledge the hard-working staff, Mr. Chairman. They spent many, many hours pre-paring this bill for consideration by us today. 
Mr. Chairman, above all else—above 
all else—we must provide for the na-tional defense of the United States. Nothing can exist—not our domestic government, not our private enter-prise, not our freedoms—without en-suring that that basic need is met. 
Our national security is far too im-
portant to fall victim to political games. We can’t risk having an under-funded military during these uncertain times, and our troops deserve unfail-ing, unanimous support as they lay their lives on the line. No political games on this bill, Mr. Chairman. This is for real. 
I urge Members to support this bill. 
These are bipartisan priorities ad-dressed in a bipartisan way, and I want to see that our colleagues send a strong message to our military showing our support and our willingness to sacrifice for them. I urge support of this bill on this floor. 
Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield 4 minutes to the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. L
OWEY ), the 
ranking member of the full committee. 
Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Chair, I would like 
to thank Chairman F RELINGHUYSEN , 
Ranking Member V ISCLOSKY , and 
Chairman R OGERS for their efforts. I 
particularly want to thank Chairman F
RELINGHUYSEN and Ranking Member 
VISCLOSKY for working in such a coop-
erative manner. 
However, the two parties remain very 
far apart in their approach to the ap-propriations process. Our differences were plainly evident during consider-ation of the fiscal year 2016 budget res-olution. Not one of my Democratic col-leagues supported the majority’s budg-et because it maintained sequestration levels. As the President said: the ma-jority has returned our economy to the same top-down economics that has failed us before and slashes invest-ments in the middle class that we need to grow the economy. 
During debate on the previous five 
appropriations bills, my majority col-leagues argued strenuously that alloca-tions at the sequester level were non-negotiable. They argued our committee was hamstrung by the Budget Control Act and that we were powerless to re-negotiate another sequester relief 
package, as had been done under the Murray-Ryan agreement 2 years ago. At the same time, others on our com-mittee told the press that ‘‘pressure would build’’ to address sequestration or pass a continuing resolution because sequester-level bills cannot be enacted. 
The Defense bill before us appears to 
be operating under a different set of rules, with funding over the magical sequester level, a level we were told was the law of the land. It was not cut below the President’s request, as were all the other nondefense bills. By using $38 billion in overseas contingency op-erations funding to plug the hole cre-ated by the budget caps, this bill fully funds defense programs and avoids the inadequacies facing the other bills. 
Let me be very, very clear. I am not 
making a case that the Defense bill is too high or advocating that it should be reduced. We live in a very dangerous world. We need to attend to our de-fense, but we should do so in a respon-sible fashion. 
b1615 
Our military leaders have discour-
aged the use of the overseas contin-gency operations/global war on terror budget to fund regular defense costs. They contend that doing so undermines the Defense Department’s ability to plan over the long term. Funding $38 billion of the Pentagon’s regular base budget activities with war funds cre-ates future-year budget caps that would be difficult to fill. 
This practice irresponsibly addresses 
only one of the budget imperatives, creating clear losers in most of the other appropriation bills. 
If this bill were to move forward as 
is, I fear my majority colleagues would mentally move on; the urgency facing the entire appropriations process would fade because we have ‘‘taken care of’’ our national security needs. 
That, my friends, is a dangerous 
strategy, especially given that we know none of these bills are likely to be signed into law by the President as they are currently written. 
The Acting CHAIR (Mr. R
ODNEY  
DAVIS of Illinois). The time of the gen-
tlewoman has expired. 
Mr. VISCLOSKY. I yield the gentle-
woman from New York (Mrs. L OWEY ) 
an additional 1 minute. 
Mrs. LOWEY. We can deal with that 
fact now or deal with it again over the holidays, but we are going to have to deal with it. 
Members of the armed services and 
their families live in every one of our communities. They drive on crowded highways and over crumbling bridges. Most of them send their kids to public schools. 
These families expect the meat and 
products they buy to be safe and the airplanes in which they fly to be pro-tected. If they should ever get sick, they need to have the biomedical re-search in place so that safe and effec-tive treatments are available to them. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:30 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JN7.061 H10JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4053 June 10, 2015 
These are reasonable expectations. 
What is not reasonable is to put for-ward several annual spending bills that mindlessly cut these priorities simply because we can’t agree on a reasonable budget. 
National security and economic 
strength are inextricably linked. Let’s get back to the table and set realistic spending caps to provide what is need-ed both for our national security and to create jobs, improve infrastructure, fund biomedical research, and grow the economy. 
Let’s get together. Let’s vote ‘‘no’’ 
on this bill and move on. 
Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chairman, how 
much time remains on each side? 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from New Jersey has 15
1⁄2minutes re-
maining, and the gentleman from Indi-ana has 14
1⁄2minutes remaining. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair-
man, I am pleased to yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. C
REN-
SHAW ), a member of the Defense Appro-
priations Committee and a member of my subcommittee. 
Mr. CRENSHAW. I thank Chairman 
F
RELINGHUYSEN for yielding. 
I want to say a special word of 
thanks to Chairman F RELINGHUYSEN  
and Ranking Member V ISCLOSKY for 
the hard work they have put into bringing the bill before us today. I think, arguably, this is the most im-portant issue we face every year. 
Last year, I pointed out the fact that 
I think the number one responsibility of the Federal Government is to pro-tect American lives, and we work to do that every day. We talked about the fact that the best way to keep America safe is to keep America strong. I think that, if you look back, here we are a year later, and not much has changed. 
National security is still a critical 
element of what we do here. Back home in northeast Florida, the constituents that I represent are greatly concerned about national security. They are greatly concerned about the men and women in uniform and greatly con-cerned that they will have the nec-essary resources to accomplish their mission successfully and return home safely. 
They are also concerned that we 
don’t get caught up in the politics of the moment and lose sight of the fact that we have a constitutional responsi-bility to provide for the common de-fense. 
I just want to say in closing, Mr. 
Chairman, that, when we look at the ever-increasing dangerous world that we live in, I think we have to meet these challenges head on. 
I want to remind my colleagues that 
most of everything that we have ac-complished as a great nation, we have accomplished with the foundation built on national security. This bill moves us forward down that path. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
bill. 
Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Ohio (Ms. K
APTUR ), a member of 
the subcommittee. 
Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chairman, I rise in 
reluctant opposition to this bill. 
Please allow me to acknowledge the 
tremendous work of Chairman F
RELINGHUYSEN , Ranking Member V IS-
CLOSKY , and the Appropriations staff in 
moving this Defense bill forward. 
This bill deserves better treatment 
by the leadership of this House than to have it cloaked in unfinished budget wrangling that could force future changes harmful to the defense of our Nation. 
The bill before us funds key prior-
ities, such as assuring the strongest, most agile and resilient military on Earth; securing base and operational independence through energy innova-tion; improving defense health for the lives of our military and civilian forces; advancing cutting-edge research at our defense labs to improve effi-ciency on the battlefield and drive technology transfer to the private sec-tor to grow our economy; and main-taining and upgrading essential defense facilities across our Nation and globe. 
Moving forward, our Nation must 
still address lingering veteran unem-ployment of over half a million Ameri-cans, according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics. A majority are 45 years of age or older, but over 200,000 are be-tween the ages of 18 and 44. 
The capabilities of our National 
Guard can be leveraged to address this imperative, engaging their talents to meet domestic needs. 
Globally, too, as leader of the free 
world, the United States holds a spe-cial responsibility to uphold commit-ments made in the Budapest Memo-randum to Ukraine and our allies in Central Europe. This was recently re-affirmed by President Obama and Ger-man Chancellor Merkel at the G7 sum-mit. 
A threat to liberty anywhere is a 
threat to liberty everywhere. Russia’s invasion of Ukraine cannot be toler-ated. Tough sanctions on Russia and enforcement of the Ukraine Freedom Support Act lay the base for liberty’s advance. 
Those Members who in good con-
science ultimately will vote ‘‘no’’ on this measure will do so to fight for a responsible budget plan that not only meets the needs of our men and women in unform, but builds up the Nation and citizenry they are fighting to pro-tect. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair-
man, I yield to the gentleman from Mississippi (Mr. P
ALAZZO ), a member of 
the Appropriation Committee, for the purpose of a colloquy. 
Mr. PALAZZO. Chairman F
RELING -
HUYSEN , I would like to thank you and 
your staff for all your hard work in crafting this Defense Appropriations bill. 
As a marine veteran, a current mem-
ber of the Mississippi National Guard, and a former member of the House Armed Services Committee, I fully un-derstand the importance of this legisla-
tion. 
Mr. Chairman, as you well know, the 
United States Navy and Marine Corps are the Nation’s forward-deployed, fast-response force in times of crisis. The ability to respond to all types of conflict, as well as humanitarian as-sistance and disaster relief, is what separates the United States Navy and the Marine Corps team from the rest of the world. 
However, as a result of declining re-
sources, the Navy has struggled to reach its own stated goal of 306 ships. A not-insignificant portion of this fleet consists of amphibious ships to support the requirements of the Marine Corps. 
The current number of amphibious 
ships in the fleet does not meet vali-dated national requirements to accom-plish the tasks the Marine Corps is re-sponsible to carry out in time of war or national emergency; this is the very Marine Corps that is tasked to be the most ready when our Nation is the least ready. 
I know this issue also concerns you, 
and I request your thoughts on how we might get our Navy shipbuilding pro-gram back on track. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I thank the 
gentleman for his remarks and con-cerns and for his own military service. I share his concern. 
The gentleman is correct. The Navy 
has been struggling to maintain its shipbuilding program for many years. Despite a requirement for 306 ships, the Navy’s fleet has seemed to reach a pla-teau of about 285 ships for the last sev-eral years. 
It is our responsibility to work with 
you and the Navy to ensure that our sailors and marines have the finest ships and equipment this Nation can provide. 
Mr. PALAZZO. Mr. Chairman, I look 
forward to working closely with you on this important issue. I can tell you I know where the finest warships are built by the finest craftsmen, that is right there in Mississippi’s Fourth Con-gressional District. 
I look forward to continuing to work 
with you on this important issue. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I thank the 
gentleman for his passion and his re-marks. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. VISCLOSKY. I yield 3 minutes to 
the gentlewoman from Minnesota (Ms. M
CCOLLUM ), a member of the sub-
committee. 
Ms. M CCOLLUM. Mr. Chair, for more 
than a decade, this House has been committed to providing our troops with the body armor they need. Body armor is essential to our deployed troops. 
In order to provide our troops with 
modern, lightweight body armor, the Department requires a viable indus-trial base to produce the body armor and to continually work to improve it. 
The fiscal year 2015 NDAA Defense 
Appropriations bill sustaining the in-dustrial base was prioritized; $80 mil-lion was appropriated to the Army to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:30 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JN7.063 H10JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4054 June 10, 2015 
specifically sustain the industrial base 
for body armor. 
Those FY15 funds have not been obli-
gated, and as a result, the industrial base for body armor is laying off work-ers and about to go out of business. The Army has ignored Congress’ directions and put this industry at risk. 
The FY16 Defense Appropriations re-
port makes a commitment to body armor, saying: 
The committee encourages the Secretary 
of the Army to ensure that the body armor industrial base is able to continue to develop and manufacture more advanced body armor. 
Unfortunately, the supplier of boron 
carbide power to make armor plates will be out of business before this bill is enacted. Furthermore, this bill pro-vides zero funds for the procurement of body armor, another blow to the indus-trial base. 
We all share a strong commitment to 
our troops, fully understanding how important body armor is to soldier pro-tection. 
To the chairman and ranking mem-
ber, I would like to work with you to ensure that the existing body armor in-dustrial base is not driven out of busi-ness by the Army’s inability to follow directions from Congress and mis-management of this vital supply chain. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair-
man, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. B
ARR). 
Mr. BARR. I thank the chairman for 
yielding. 
I rise today to echo the concerns ex-
pressed by my colleague across the aisle from Minnesota in concern for our Nation’s warfighters and our military base. 
As you know, the FY15 NDAA au-
thorized and the FY15 Defense Appro-priations bill provided $80 million for a body armor industrial base initiative in the Army’s operations and mainte-nance program. However, the U.S. Army is not properly utilizing the ap-propriated funds in the manner Con-gress intended. 
Congress has been clear on this mat-
ter. Report language for both the FY15 and FY16 Defense Appropriations meas-ure demonstrates that the importance of body armor is critical to protecting our soldiers in combat. 
Because of the Army’s repurposing of 
these funds at odds with congressional intent and the safety of our troops, the Army and the U.S. body armor indus-try will lose the unique capability crit-ical for meeting high-tech U.S. light-weight body armor standards. 
After the wars in Iraq and Afghani-
stan, we must rehabilitate and replace used body armor to ensure the readi-ness and the safety of our troops in the field if they are called to serve in an-other conflict. 
The Acting CHAIR. The time of the 
gentleman has expired. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I yield the 
gentleman an additional 15 seconds. 
Mr. BARR. If we do not act now to 
ensure that the body armor industrial base is able to continue the develop-ment and manufacturing of more ad-
vanced lightweight body armor, there will not be a capable body armor indus-trial base left in the future to fund. 
Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. T
HOMPSON ) for the pur-
pose of a colloquy. 
Mr. THOMPSON of California. I 
thank Ranking Member V ISCLOSKY for 
giving me the opportunity to discuss something that will assist in our nat-ural disaster response. 
The Air National Guard employs ad-
vanced capabilities to assist in civil search and rescue operations during natural disasters and is capable of lo-cating and rescuing people where civil-ian authorities cannot. 
The Air National Guard uses sophis-
ticated technology to assist in time- sensitive emergency operations, in-cluding the AS–4 Pod, which includes wide-area infrared sensors optimized for survivor detection, integrated com-munications, and specialized radar for maritime, flood, and swift water recov-ery. 
Lessons learned from Hurricane 
Katrina, the California wildfires, and Superstorm Sandy highlight the need to outfit the Air National Guard with this important capability. I hope you will consider adding this vital piece of equipment to the list of equipment considered for priority purchasing with the use of the National Guard and Re-serve equipment account, which is gov-erned by this legislation. 
Mr. VISCLOSKY. Will the gentleman 
yield? 
Mr. THOMPSON of California. I yield 
to the gentleman from Indiana. 
Mr. VISCLOSKY. I want to thank the 
gentleman from California for bringing this to our attention. We look forward to working with you on this important issue as we move forward with the leg-islation. 
b1630 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair-
man, I am pleased to yield to the gen-tleman from Alabama (Mr. R
OGERS ) for 
the purpose of a colloquy. He is the chairman of the Subcommittee on Strategic Forces of the Armed Services Committee. 
Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. I thank 
the gentleman from New Jersey, the distinguished chairman of the Appro-priations Defense Subcommittee, for his work to bring this important bill to the floor. 
Mr. Chair, this legislation includes 
billions of dollars to programs that are vital to the Nation’s security and the men and women who have volunteered to serve our Nation. 
However, I do have a question regard-
ing a recommended reduction of $61 million from the Missile Defense Agen-cy request for the Redesigned Kill Ve-hicle. 
Does the gentleman share my belief 
that this is a critically important pro-gram, and that it, and the 2020 goal for deployment of this capability, are vital to a robust and reliable national mis-
sile defense system, which is para-mount to the defense of the Nation against ever more capable adversary ballistic missiles? 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair-
man, I agree with the gentleman, and I know the gentleman from Alabama will agree that the oversight of scarce defense dollars is important. The re-quest for this program has spiked sig-nificantly between fiscal years 2015 and 2016. Yet, there is no real acquisition plan. 
The Department owes us this infor-
mation if we are to be responsible stew-ards of these taxpayer dollars 
Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. I thank 
the gentleman for that explanation, and I hope he will let me know if there is anything the Subcommittee on Stra-tegic Forces can do to make sure that the Department knows that the acqui-sition strategy needs to be delivered to the Congress without further delay. 
Can the gentleman also assure me 
that the deployment of the Aegis Ashore site in Poland remains a pri-ority of his and that its deployment by not later than December of 2018 will not be affected by any of the marks in the bill before the House today? 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Yes, I abso-
lutely agree with the gentleman from Alabama that this deployment is vital to our missile defense, and the United States should be grateful for strong al-lies like Poland. 
Nothing in the bill today will in any 
way impact the one-time deployment of the European Phased Adaptive Ap-proach Phase III. 
Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. I thank 
the gentleman. I look forward to sup-porting the bill today and urge the House to do the same to get this vital bill passed and to the President for his support of our men and women in uni-form. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair, I 
reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chairman, if I 
could ask how much time remains for both sides, please. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from New Jersey has 8
3⁄4minutes re-
maining. The gentleman from Indiana has 9 minutes remaining. 
Mr. VISCLOSKY. I yield 2 minutes to 
the gentlewoman from California (Ms. L
EE), a member of the committee. 
Ms. LEE. Mr. Chairman, let me 
thank our ranking member for yield-ing, and for your tremendous leader-ship on this subcommittee. 
I also want to thank the ranking 
member and our chair for including re-port language on the Department of Defense’s efforts to achieve auditability by the end of fiscal 2017. 
Ensuring that the Pentagon is 
auditable is common sense, and it is something that Congress mandated, mind you, 25 years ago. It is long past time to address the culture of unlim-ited spending and zero accountability at the Pentagon, and I know this issue has strong bipartisan support. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:30 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JN7.064 H10JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4055 June 10, 2015 
Yet, there are many provisions of 
this bill which I cannot support. The appropriations bill includes an addi-tional $38 billion over budget caps in the overseas contingency operations slush fund, and that is what it is; it is a slush fund. This is simply outrageous and this fund, quite frankly, in my opinion, it should be eliminated. 
We should have transparency, and 
the public should know how much it is costing to fight these wars. 
This bill also includes $1.3 billion for 
DOD operations against the Islamic State of Iraq and Levant. Mr. Chair, it has been 10 months since the war start-ed and 4 months since the President submitted his draft authorization to Congress, and Congress has yet to act. Now we see additional troops being sent into this war zone. Again, no con-gressional debate, no vote. 
Congress cannot continue to fund a 
war—and that is what this is—without a robust debate on an ISIL-specific au-thorization. That is why I offered an amendment in committee, which was adopted on a bipartisan basis, that sim-ply reaffirms that Congress has a con-stitutional duty to debate and deter-mine whether or not to authorize the use of military force. 
It is also why I am offering two 
amendments to this bill that would prohibit funding for the 2001 and 2002 authorizations for the use of military force. With these authorizations still on the books, Congress is allowing this President—and any President really— to wage war against anyone, at any time, anywhere. 
I hope we defeat this bill because we 
have got to stop this policy of endless wars. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair-
man, I yield to the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. R
OGERS ), the distin-
guished chairman of the Strategic Forces Subcommittee, for the purpose of a colloquy. 
Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. I thank 
the distinguished gentleman from New Jersey for yielding. 
Mr. Chairman, first I would like to 
express my support for the fiscal year 2016 Defense Appropriations bill and my appreciation for the hard work of the chairman in drafting this very good bill, which will provide essential fund-ing to our national security. 
However, I have a serious concern 
with the proposed reduction of funding in this bill for an existing weather col-lection satellite called the Defense Me-teorological Satellite Program, or DMSP. 
As early as 2017, our military is fac-
ing a critical capability gap in the De-partment of Defense’s two highest pri-ority weather requirements. As the Air Force continues to work through its plan for addressing weather require-ments, launching DMSP will help ad-dress these issues. 
Much has been spent on DMSP al-
ready, and it would be a shame to waste those dollars when the satellite could be put to good use. Mr. Chairman, I agree with you that 
the Air Force has not properly man-aged the space weather program, and they must submit a better plan. How-ever, I ask for your support in working with me in conference to ensure that our military and intelligence profes-sionals have the tools they need to safely prosecute our missions. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I yield to the 
gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. B
RIDENSTINE ). 
Mr. BRIDENSTINE. Thank you, Mr. 
Chairman. And congratulations on pro-ducing a very good bill that will pro-vide the necessary funding to properly defend our Nation. 
And let me express my appreciation 
for providing $26 million in your bill to fund an Air Force pilot program for the 
acquisition of commercial SATCOM services. 
Aligned with the House-passed fiscal 
year 2016 NDAA, the program has the potential to lower costs and increase utilization of commercial satellites. 
Mr. Chairman, thank you for giving 
me the opportunity to discuss military satellite communications, or SATCOM. As you are aware, the demand for SATCOM has increased by a factor of 10 since the outset of our simultaneous commitments in Iraq and Afghanistan, and it continues to grow. 
Further, the need for protection 
against jamming, spoofing, and other interference has also increased as our adversaries deploy more sophisticated countermeasures to deny and degrade communications to our warfighters. 
The government-owned, government- 
operated SATCOM system, Wideband Global Satellite Communications Sys-tem, or WGS, cannot keep up with de-mand—not even close. As a result, the Air Force has sought less expensive, more protected SATCOM solutions from the commercial sector to aug-ment national capabilities. 
Mr. Chairman, the military needs 
more SATCOM capacity, and it needs SATCOM that is better protected. Con-gress can help by restoring $32.8 mil-
lion for development and testing ac-tivities associated with the Protected Tactical Testbed. 
We also need additional funding for 
the Protected Tactical Wave Form itself. This effort will help make both commercial and WGS satellites more robust and protected against jamming. Alongside the Air Force’s pilot pro-gram I referenced earlier, the Pro-tected Tactical Testbed and Wave Form may begin to give warfighters ac-cess to a global architecture of pro-tected commercial SATCOM. 
That said, I understand the Air Force 
has programmatic challenges with the Protected Tactical Testbed that must be addressed. However, I urge the com-mittee to keep an open mind in con-ference. If the Air Force addresses your concerns, then I hope the committee will consider restoring funding for the Protected Tactical Testbed and Wave Form. 
I thank you again for this oppor-
tunity to speak on such an important issue to our military servicemen and 
-women. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Reclaiming 
my time, I thank the gentlemen from Alabama and Oklahoma, both veterans, for bringing these matters to our at-tention, and we look forward to work-ing with you on these important issues. 
However, in both instances you both 
highlight important warfighter capa-bilities that are stymied by poor pro-gram planning and execution by the Air Force. Their lack of programmatic and financial discipline has led directly to these weather collection and sat-ellite communications issues. 
Consequently, our appropriations bill 
highlighted each of these concerns and strongly encouraged the Air Force to make adjustments. None, unfortu-nately, were made in a timely manner. 
Based on existing capability, I see no 
evidence that launching the DMSP is part of that plan, but I am willing to work with both gentlemen in con-ference if things change. I thank the gentlemen for their support and work. 
Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. H
AHN) for the pur-
pose of a colloquy. 
Ms. HAHN. Thank you, Ranking 
Member V ISCLOSKY . 
I have been working to provide our 
World War II merchant mariners the thanks they deserve. I would prefer to offer an amendment to the Defense bill which would have provided a token thank you, but it would have been the subject of a point of order. 
These brave men suffered the highest 
losses of any military branch in World War II and did not receive veterans benefits under the GI Bill. 
Moving forward, I look forward to 
working with the ranking member to give our brave merchant mariners the recognition they rightly deserve. It is unfathomable that these merchant mariners who served this Nation so valiantly have never had full veterans benefits. 
They were not eligible for tuition 
subsidies, home loan guarantees, or other provisions of the GI Bill that helps millions of veterans transition seamlessly into civilian life. 
Time is running out. These merchant 
mariners are now in their eighties and nineties, and there are only 5,000 left. Let’s act now to right this wrong. 
Mr. VISCLOSKY. Will the gentle-
woman yield? 
Ms. HAHN. I yield to the gentleman 
from Indiana. 
Mr. VISCLOSKY. I thank the gentle-
woman from California for bringing this to our attention and, particularly, given the fact that my father is a Naval veteran and 99 years old. So I un-derstand the circumstances of what you speak, and we do look forward to working with you on this issue as we move forward with the legislation. Thank you very much. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair-
man, I am pleased to yield to the gen-tleman from New Jersey (Mr. S
MITH), 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:30 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JN7.065 H10JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4056 June 10, 2015 
the dean of the New Jersey delegation, 
for the purpose of a colloquy. 
Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. I thank 
my good friend for yielding, and I rise to raise an issue of particular impor-tance to my constituents in New Jer-sey. 
Joint Base McGuire-Dix-Lakehurst 
was created by the 2005 BRAC round. And while joint basing has been suc-cessfully implemented at MDL, there remains an outstanding issue of gross unfairness for some employees. 
The overwhelming majority of em-
ployees at the joint base are included in the New York pay locality area; yet, the wage grade employees on the former McGuire Air Force Base and Fort Dix remain in the Philadelphia lo-cality area. These employees work on the same installation, but they are paid 7 percent less than their counter-parts for the same work. 
Joint Base MDL made a formal re-
quest for realignment of the Philadel-phia to New York wage survey area to OPM’s Advisory Committee, FPRAC, in 2010, and the base leadership con-tinues to believe pay parity should be a priority. 
Mr. Chairman, the joint base is a 
critical asset to DOD and our National security. Their missions could not be carried out effectively without the skills of the men and women stationed there and those working in civilian support roles across the base. 
Joint Base MDL is one installation, 
and the men and women who work there are part of the same workforce. It is timed to fix this outdated policy. 
Accordingly, I am hopeful that you 
will work with me to bring about fair-ness to the roughly 20 percent of the workforce that does not receive equally earned pay. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I thank my 
colleague for his leadership and for bringing my attention to this impor-tant issue. And I can assure him we will look forward to working with him as we move forward with our bill into conference. 
Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. I thank 
my good friend, the chairman, for your commitment to the men and women who support our warfighters. I look forward to working with you to move the pay parity for all joint base em-ployees forward. 
Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Massachusetts (Ms. T
SONGAS ) for 
the purpose of a colloquy. 
Ms. TSONGAS. Thank you, Ranking 
Member V ISCLOSKY . 
Mr. Chair, I rise for the purpose of 
engaging in a colloquy. 
As you are aware, our Nation’s Fed-
erally Funded Research and Develop-ment Centers, or FFRDCs, play a crit-ical role in advancing national security goals and ensuring that our Nation stays at the cutting edge of techno-logical innovation. 
Mr. Chair, I wanted to engage in this 
colloquy to clarify Congress’ intent in section 802(3)(c), which states: ‘‘Notwithstanding any other provi-
sion of law, none of the funds available to the Department from any source during fiscal year 2016 may be used by a defense FFRDC through a fee or other payment mechanism for con-struction of new buildings.’’ 
b1645 
Mr. Chair, I am concerned that some 
could take an expansive interpretation of this provision and view it as pre-venting the execution of critical facili-ties modernization projects, even when authorized by Congress through mili-tary construction projects. 
I am also concerned about the provi-
sion’s medium-and long-term implica-tions for building maintenance and fa-cility modernization projects that are necessary to continue important inno-vation programs for decades to come. 
Chairman F
RELINGHUYSEN , is it the 
committee’s understanding that this provision is not intended to apply to military construction projects or to ad-vanced planning and design funds that are authorized by Congress? 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Will the gen-
tlewoman yield? 
Ms. TSONGAS. I yield to the gen-
tleman from New Jersey. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Ms. T
SON-
GAS, yes, that is my understanding. 
Ms. TSONGAS. Thank you, Mr. 
FRELINGHUYSEN . I look forward to 
working with you, and I appreciate that construction. 
I yield to the gentleman from Indi-
ana (Mr. V
ISCLOSKY ), the ranking mem-
ber of the Defense Subcommittee. Is that your understanding? 
Mr. VISCLOSKY. That is my under-
standing as well. 
Ms. TSONGAS. Thank you both, and 
I look forward to working with you. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair-
man, could you give us the time that we each have left. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from New Jersey has 2
1⁄4minutes re-
maining, and the gentleman from Indi-ana has 4 minutes remaining. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I continue to 
reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. VISCLOSKY. I yield back the 
balance of my time. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I yield back 
the balance of my time. 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Chair, I rise today to ex-
press my support for the Vets4Warriors pro-gram, a program in my district that is operated by Rutgers University Behavioral Health Care. This successful program has provided invalu-able assistance to the military in their efforts to prevent suicide among veterans. The program ensures that those veterans who are strug-gling with depression or psychological con-cerns get the support they need: peer-to-peer. 
Sadly, the Department of Defense has ter-
minated this program without any public no-tice. Our nation is now faced with a crisis: since the start of the wars in Iraq and Afghani-stan, more than 3,000 active-duty personnel have taken their own lives. Programs like Vets4Warriors help us to combat this troubling trend. 
The Vets4Warriors program is unique and 
will be difficult to replace. It allows veterans a safe space in which they can find help apart 
from the DOD structure. Service members are often hesitant to reach out to their superiors regarding personal concerns like mental health. By integrating these programs into the Department’s Military OneSource program, many service members will lose the sense of confidentiality provided by Vets4Warriors. 
We must fulfill our responsibility to care for 
those who put themselves in harm’s way to protect our nation. It is my hope that the DOD will reconsider their decision so that we can assure our veterans have access to the best mental health resources possible. 
The Acting CHAIR. All time for gen-
eral debate has expired. 
Pursuant to the rule, the bill shall be 
considered for amendment under the 5- minute rule. 
During consideration of the bill for 
amendment, each amendment shall be debatable for 10 minutes equally di-vided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent and shall not be sub-ject to amendment. No pro forma amendment shall be in order except that the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Appro-priations or their respective designees may offer up to 10 pro forma amend-ments each at any point for the pur-pose of debate. The Chair of the Com-mittee of the Whole may accord pri-ority in recognition on the basis of whether the Member offering an amendment has caused it to be printed in the portion of the C
ONGRESSIONAL  
RECORD designated for that purpose. 
Amendments so printed shall be con-sidered read. 
The Clerk will read. The Clerk read as follows: 
H.R. 2685 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That the following sums 
are appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, for military functions administered by the De-partment of Defense and for other purposes, namely: 
TITLE I 
MILITARY PERSONNEL 
M
ILITARY PERSONNEL , ARMY 
For pay, allowances, individual clothing, 
subsistence, interest on deposits, gratuities, permanent change of station travel (includ-ing all expenses thereof for organizational movements), and expenses of temporary duty travel between permanent duty stations, for members of the Army on active duty (except members of reserve components provided for elsewhere), cadets, and aviation cadets; for members of the Reserve Officers’ Training Corps; and for payments pursuant to section 156 of Public Law 97–377, as amended (42 U.S.C. 402 note), and to the Department of Defense Military Retirement Fund, $37,295,571,000. 
M
ILITARY PERSONNEL , NAVY 
For pay, allowances, individual clothing, 
subsistence, interest on deposits, gratuities, permanent change of station travel (includ-ing all expenses thereof for organizational movements), and expenses of temporary duty travel between permanent duty stations, for members of the Navy on active duty (except members of the Reserve provided for else-where), midshipmen, and aviation cadets; for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:30 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JN7.066 H10JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4057 June 10, 2015 
members of the Reserve Officers’ Training 
Corps; and for payments pursuant to section 156 of Public Law 97–377, as amended (42 U.S.C. 402 note), and to the Department of Defense Military Retirement Fund, $26,711,323,000. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MS . JACKSON LEE  
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 3, line 9, insert after the dollar 
amount the following: ‘‘(increased by $2,000,000)’’. 
Page 31, line 7, insert after the dollar 
amount the following: ‘‘(reduced by $2,000,000)’’. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair-
man, I reserve a point of order on the gentlewoman’s amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A point of order 
is reserved. 
Pursuant to House Resolution 303, 
the gentlewoman from Texas and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from Texas. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, 
the purpose of this amendment is to encourage the Secretary of Defense to allocate resources needed to provide technical assistance by U.S. military women to military women in other countries combating violence as a weapon of war, terrorism, human traf-ficking, narcotics trafficking, and their impact on women and girls across the globe. 
Let me thank the chairman and 
ranking member of the Subcommittee on Defense for the work they have done in the backdrop of the very over-whelming sequester, which I certainly oppose so that all of the appropriators will have the ability to provide the re-sources that they need. 
In particular, my amendment is rec-
ognizing the new face of war and the new fight of terrorism. 
I hold up these pictures of the num-
bers of countries who are adding women to their forces. America, of course, has had women in different parts of its military for a number of years, going back to nurses in World War I and II and in the various types of work that have been done recently in Iraq and Afghanistan, and the women are enormously proud and very effec-tive. 
My amendment simply says that, in 
this new war on terrorism and human trafficking, we would have the oppor-tunity to use the women in the United States military who have achieved lev-els of rank that are extremely impor-tant to be able to train and to provide technical assistance to those who are just adding women to their military. 
The United States Armed Forces pos-
sesses an unparalleled expertise and technological capability that will aid not only in combating and defeating terrorists, who hate our country and prey upon innocent persons—especially women, girls, and the elderly—but we must also recognize that, notwith-standing our extraordinary technical 
military capabilities, we face adver-saries who adapt very quickly because they are not constrained by geographic limitations or norms of morality: the Caliphate, ISIL, ISIS, Boko Haram, al Shabaab, al Qaeda, all. We are also finding that these organizations are using women, but then, of course, the institutionalized militaries are also putting more women in. 
What better interface than that of 
the United States military and women, in particular. 
I have an article that I would like to 
submit into the R
ECORD , ‘‘Turkey’s 
Women Expand Role in Military.’’ 
TURKEY ’SWOMEN EXPAND ROLE IN MILITARY  
At the 24th International Defence Film 
Festival in Rome, a documentary by film di-rector Elif Ovar of the Turkish Army’s Photo-Film Center was selected for the Jury’s Award. 
Her documentary ‘‘Light of Hope’’—about 
Senay Haydar, Turkey’s first female gendarmie commander and senior non-commissioned officer (NCO), against the backdrop of gender discrimination and vio-lence against women in the small Anatolian town of Mesudiye—attracted much interest. 
Haydar works closely with local officials 
and families and has been credited for eradi-cating violence against women among the 40,000 residents of Mesudiye. Thanks to Haydar’s actions, there hasn’t been a single case of violence against women in the last nine months in Mesudiye. 
Ovar told Al-Monitor that as a woman she 
has been much impressed with Haydar’s ac-complishments in a small Anatolian town where traditional culture prevails. ‘‘NCO Senay’s success, as much as this is due to [her own accomplishments], is also the suc-cess of the commanders who believed in her,’’ Ovar said. ‘‘Appointing a female NCO as a representative of law and order to a town with 40,000 residents is truly a revolu-tion for the Turkish army.’’ 
Over the last three years, there have been 
extensive changes in the personnel policy of the Turkish army with the increase of the number of female officers and NCOs and, as was the case with Haydar, in assigning women to active field positions instead of just to administrative work at the head-quarters. 
In an interview with Al-Monitor Haydar 
said: ‘‘I always wanted to be a field com-mander who takes decisions instead of work-ing at a desk. I was encouraged by the Gen-darmerie General Command. When the re-sults [of my employment] turned out to be positive, scores of female officers and NCOs followed in my footsteps.’’ According to a source at the Gendarmerie School in Beykent, Ankara, in October alone, 67 female NCOs have been assigned to Gendarmerie General Command field posts after they completed their basic training; another 90 fe-male NCOs and 30 officers will follow. 
Capt. Hulya Ercan, an instructor of the 
UH–60 Sikorsky helicopter at Ankara’s Gen-darmerie Aviation School, is the first female gendarmerie pilot in Turkey. In an interview with Al-Monitor she said: ‘‘My husband is a captain. I raised my daughters Bensu and Beren without giving up my profession. I ac-tually flew until the third month of my preg-nancy with my youngest. My most memo-rable moment was one time when my hus-band was away on a mission and I was or-dered to fly an urgent mission. I had to leave my 1
1⁄2-year-old daughter with the duty offi-
cer at the base. When I returned five hours later, I found the duty officer and many sol-diers entertaining my daughter. That was 
memorable and funny.’’ 
A source at the Turkish General Staff who 
works on planning of the personnel policies told Al-Monitor that today there are 1,350 fe-male officers in the Turkish army, which is 3.3% of the total number of officers. The tar-get is to increase this to 5% in the next three years. The Turkish army wants to further in-crease the number of female NCOs, which today stands at 843 (0.9%). The aim is to also increase this to 5% by 2018, which means the employment of an additional 4,000 female NCOs. To achieve these objectives, the Turk-ish army has been trying to embrace more female-friendly personnel policies. 
The Turkish army employs 96 female colo-
nels, 140 female lieutenant colonels and 360 
female majors. 
Colonels generally work at headquarters 
while majors are usually unit commanders. Staff Maj. Bilgehan Bulbul is the commander of the largest transport fleet of the Air Force Command in Ankara and is also the first fe-male fleet commander. There is a noticeable increase of Turkish female staff officers in important headquarter posts in the army and NATO. For example, naval staff officer Maj. Yasemin Bayraktutan is Turkey’s cur-rent naval attache in London. Within six- seven years, she may well become the first female admiral of the country. In an email to Al-Monitor, she said she wants to return home after excelling in her current position and before becoming an admiral she wants to command a frigate. 
What is behind the Turkish army’s deci-
sion to increase the number of female offi-cers and NCOs? 
There are two practical reasons and one 
ideological one. 
The first practical reason is the relative 
reduction in the number of personnel called up for compulsory military service, as the Turkish army is moving toward becoming a professional entity—increasing the number of females in the army makes up for this loss in man power. 
The second practical reason is a need for 
female personnel because of a change in se-curity issues the Turkish army is dealing with—notably, the shift from rural to urban areas of the Kurdistan Workers Party vio-lence in Turkey’s southeast. In addition, there is a need for female personnel in inter-national missions that the Turkish armed forces are undertaking in Afghanistan, Kosovo and Bosnia, among others. 
To have ranking female officers provides 
significant advantages in communicating with the local population, especially with women, and carrying out civil-military co-operation projects effectively in the health care and education sectors. Thus, the Turk-ish army is determined to establish more ef-fective links with local populations in low- intensity conflict areas and peace support missions. 
The ideological reason for increasing the 
number of females in the Turkish army is that the latter has always been the leading cause of modernization and Westernization of the republic. The army sees itself as a pio-neer in all transformation processes in soci-ety, and more females and an increase in the visibility of their presence in the Turkish army delivers crucial messages—especially to the rural population—on equality for women and a more active participation of women in society. 
A female in uniform backed by the Turkish 
army can better dissuade a man in rural Tur-key, for instance, inclined to violence against his wife. ‘‘Because of my uniform and as stipulated by law, I will go after any-one committing violence against his wife or any other female,’’ Haydar said. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. So my amend-
ment, of course, is to provide that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:30 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JN7.023 H10JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4058 June 10, 2015 
pathway for the collaboration of U.S. 
military women with other excellent forces to be able to help these women and to be able to fight the global war on terrorism through technical assist-ance, counsel, and advice, which I think will add to the expertise of those militaries but, more importantly, to the work of the United States military. 
Mr. Chair, I want to thank Chairman 
F
RELINGHUYSEN and Ranking Member V IS-
CLOSKY for shepherding this legislation to the 
floor and for their devotion to the men and women of the Armed Forces who risk their lives to keep our nation safe and for their work in ensuring that they have resources needed to keep our Armed Forces the greatest fighting force for peace on earth. 
Mr. Chair, thank you for the opportunity to 
explain my amendment, which is simple and straightforward and affirms an example of the national goodness that makes America the most exceptional nation on earth. 
The purpose of the Jackson Lee amend-
ment is to provide the Secretary of Defense flexibility to allocate resources needed to pro-vide technical assistance by U.S. military women to military women in other countries combating violence as a weapon of war, ter-rorism, human trafficking, narcotics trafficking. 
Mr. Chair, the United States is committed to 
combating violent extremism, protecting our borders and the globe from the scourge of ter-rorism. 
The United States Armed Forces possess 
an unparalleled expertise and technological capability that will aid not only in combating and defeating terrorists who hate our country and prey upon innocent persons, especially women, girls, and the elderly. 
But we must recognize that notwithstanding 
our extraordinary technical military capabilities, we face adversaries who adapt very quickly because they are not constrained by geo-graphic limitations or norms of morality and decency. 
Al Qaeda, Boko Haram, Al Shabaab, ISIS/ 
ISIL and other militant terrorists, including the Sinai’s Ansar Beit al-Maqdis in the Sinai pe-ninsula which poses a threat to Egypt. 
The Jackson Lee amendment will help pro-
vide the Department of Defense with the re-sources needed to provide technical assist-ance to countries on innovative strategies to provide defense technologies and resources that promote the security of the American peo-ple and nation states. 
Terrorism, human trafficking, narcotics traf-
ficking and their impact on women and girls across the globe has had a great adverse im-pact on us all. 
According to a UNICEF report, rape, torture 
and human trafficking by terrorist and militant groups have been employed as weapons of war, affecting over twenty thousand women and girls. 
Looking at the history of terrorism alone 
highlights the importance of providing tech-nical assistance through our military might, as this enables us to chip at terrorism which has plagued us here in the United States. 
The Jackson Lee amendment will help curb 
terrorism abroad by making available Amer-ican technical military expertise to military in other countries, like Nigeria, who are com-bating violent jihadists in their country and to keep those terrorists out of our country. 
Time and again American lives have been 
lost at the hands of terrorists. These victims include Christians, Muslims, 
journalists, health care providers, relief work-ers, schoolchildren, and members of the diplo-matic corps and the Armed Services. 
This is why the technical assistance offered 
by our military personnel is integral to pro-moting security operation of intelligence, sur-veillance, and reconnaissance aircraft for mis-sions to empower local forces to combat ter-rorism. 
Terrorists across the globe have wreaked 
havoc on our society and cannot not be toler-ated or ignored, for their actions pose a threat to our national security and the security of the world. 
Mr. Chairman, from the United States to Af-
rica to Europe to Asia and the Middle East, it is clear that combating terrorism remains one of highest national priorities. 
Collectively, through every action and effort 
towards empowering our neighbors and their military to combat terrorism, eradicate human trafficking, stop narcotics trafficking and ne-gate their impact on women and girls across the globe is in our national interest. 
I urge my colleagues to support the Jackson 
Lee amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. 
POINT OF ORDER  
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair-
man, I insist on my point of order. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
will state his point of order. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair-
man, the amendment proposes to amend portions of the bill not yet read. 
The amendment may not be consid-
ered en bloc under clause 2(f) of rule XXI because the amendment proposes to increase the level of outlays in the bill. 
I ask for a ruling from the Chair. The Acting CHAIR. Does any other 
Member wish to be heard on the point of order? 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, I 
wish to be heard. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman 
from Texas is recognized. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. I would like to 
take this moment to thank the chair-man and the ranking member and their staff for working with me on this mat-ter. I am hoping to be able to revise or to resubmit this. 
At this time, if the chairman would 
allow me, I ask unanimous consent to withdraw this amendment. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair-
man, I am pleased to accept the with-drawal. 
I thank the gentlewoman for her ad-
vocacy. 
The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection 
to the request of the gentlewoman from Texas? 
There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
read. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
MILITARY PERSONNEL , MARINE CORPS  
For pay, allowances, individual clothing, 
subsistence, interest on deposits, gratuities, permanent change of station travel (includ-ing all expenses thereof for organizational movements), and expenses of temporary duty travel between permanent duty stations, for members of the Marine Corps on active duty (except members of the Reserve provided for 
elsewhere); and for payments pursuant to section 156 of Public Law 97–377, as amended (42 U.S.C. 402 note), and to the Department of Defense Military Retirement Fund, $12,586,679,000. 
M
ILITARY PERSONNEL , AIRFORCE  
For pay, allowances, individual clothing, 
subsistence, interest on deposits, gratuities, permanent change of station travel (includ-ing all expenses thereof for organizational movements), and expenses of temporary duty travel between permanent duty stations, for members of the Air Force on active duty (ex-cept members of reserve components pro-vided for elsewhere), cadets, and aviation ca-dets; for members of the Reserve Officers’ Training Corps; and for payments pursuant to section 156 of Public Law 97–377, as amended (42 U.S.C. 402 note), and to the De-partment of Defense Military Retirement Fund, $26,226,952,000. 
R
ESERVE PERSONNEL , ARMY 
For pay, allowances, clothing, subsistence, 
gratuities, travel, and related expenses for 
personnel of the Army Reserve on active duty under sections 10211, 10302, and 3038 of title 10, United States Code, or while serving on active duty under section 12301(d) of title 10, United States Code, in connection with performing duty specified in section 12310(a) of title 10, United States Code, or while un-dergoing reserve training, or while per-forming drills or equivalent duty or other duty, and expenses authorized by section 16131 of title 10, United States Code; and for payments to the Department of Defense Mili-tary Retirement Fund, $4,463,164,000. 
R
ESERVE PERSONNEL , NAVY 
For pay, allowances, clothing, subsistence, 
gratuities, travel, and related expenses for personnel of the Navy Reserve on active duty under section 10211 of title 10, United States Code, or while serving on active duty under section 12301(d) of title 10, United States Code, in connection with performing duty specified in section 12310(a) of title 10, United States Code, or while undergoing reserve training, or while performing drills or equiv-alent duty, and expenses authorized by sec-tion 16131 of title 10, United States Code; and for payments to the Department of Defense Military Retirement Fund, $1,866,891,000. 
R
ESERVE PERSONNEL , MARINE CORPS  
For pay, allowances, clothing, subsistence, 
gratuities, travel, and related expenses for personnel of the Marine Corps Reserve on ac-tive duty under section 10211 of title 10, United States Code, or while serving on ac-tive duty under section 12301(d) of title 10, United States Code, in connection with per-forming duty specified in section 12310(a) of title 10, United States Code, or while under-going reserve training, or while performing drills or equivalent duty, and for members of the Marine Corps platoon leaders class, and expenses authorized by section 16131 of title 10, United States Code; and for payments to the Department of Defense Military Retire-ment Fund, $705,271,000. 
R
ESERVE PERSONNEL , AIRFORCE  
For pay, allowances, clothing, subsistence, 
gratuities, travel, and related expenses for personnel of the Air Force Reserve on active duty under sections 10211, 10305, and 8038 of title 10, United States Code, or while serving on active duty under section 12301(d) of title 10, United States Code, in connection with performing duty specified in section 12310(a) of title 10, United States Code, or while un-dergoing reserve training, or while per-forming drills or equivalent duty or other duty, and expenses authorized by section 16131 of title 10, United States Code; and for payments to the Department of Defense Mili-tary Retirement Fund, $1,689,333,000. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:30 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JN7.071 H10JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4059 June 10, 2015 
NATIONAL GUARD PERSONNEL , ARMY 
For pay, allowances, clothing, subsistence, 
gratuities, travel, and related expenses for personnel of the Army National Guard while on duty under sections 10211, 10302, or 12402 of title 10 or section 708 of title 32, United States Code, or while serving on duty under section 12301(d) of title 10 or section 502(f) of title 32, United States Code, in connection with performing duty specified in section 12310(a) of title 10, United States Code, or while undergoing training, or while per-forming drills or equivalent duty or other duty, and expenses authorized by section 16131 of title 10, United States Code; and for payments to the Department of Defense Mili-tary Retirement Fund, $7,980,413,000. 
N
ATIONAL GUARD PERSONNEL , AIRFORCE  
For pay, allowances, clothing, subsistence, 
gratuities, travel, and related expenses for personnel of the Air National Guard on duty under sections 10211, 10305, or 12402 of title 10 or section 708 of title 32, United States Code, or while serving on duty under section 12301(d) of title 10 or section 502(f) of title 32, United States Code, in connection with per-forming duty specified in section 12310(a) of title 10, United States Code, or while under-going training, or while performing drills or equivalent duty or other duty, and expenses authorized by section 16131 of title 10, United States Code; and for payments to the Depart-ment of Defense Military Retirement Fund, $3,202,010,000. 
TITLE II 
OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE 
O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , ARMY 
For expenses, not otherwise provided for, 
necessary for the operation and maintenance of the Army, as authorized by law, $28,349,761,000: Provided , That not to exceed 
$12,478,000 can be used for emergencies and extraordinary expenses, to be expended on the approval or authority of the Secretary of the Army, and payments may be made on his certificate of necessity for confidential mili-tary purposes. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . LOWENTHAL  
Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Chair, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR (Mr. H ULTGREN ). 
The Clerk will report the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 7, line 22, after the dollar amount in-
sert the following: ‘‘(reduced by $3,000,000)’’. 
Page 9, line 6, after the dollar amount in-
sert the following: ‘‘(increased by $5,000,000) (reduced by $3,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 303, the gentleman from California and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from California. 
Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Chair, pro-
viding science, technology, engineer-ing, and math education to America’s youth is critical to the global competi-tiveness of our Nation. The STARBASE program engages local fifth-grade elementary students by ex-posing them to STEM subjects through an inquiry-based curriculum and is cur-rently active in 56 congressional dis-tricts throughout the Nation. 
Today I want to thank Chairman 
F
RELINGHUYSEN and Ranking Member 
VISCLOSKY for their strong leadership 
in reestablishing funding for the pro-gram over the past 2 years. I am re-spectfully requesting an additional $5 million to help expand the program na-
tionwide. 
Today I am offering STARBASE 
amendment No. 18 to H.R. 2685, the De-partment of Defense Appropriations Act. My amendment increases funding to the STARBASE Youth Program by $5 million, and while providing support for the program, it also reduces spend-ing by $1 million. 
The STARBASE program is carried 
out by the military services because the lack of STEM-educated youth in America has been identified as a future national security issue by the Depart-ment of Defense. Two years ago, both the House and Senate rejected the Of-fice of Management and Budget’s, the OMB, proposal to terminate this crit-ical program. 
As a Member of Congress, I appre-
ciate OMB’s desire to consolidate STEM’s programs across the spectrum into one funding line. However, this is a national defense item and has been identified by the Joint Chiefs of Staff as such. STARBASE was created under the auspices of the Department of De-fense to meet its critical needs in STEM-related fields. 
Regrettably, the funding uncertainty 
caused by OMB’s action during that time resulted in the elimination of all programs operated by the Navy and re-duced in fiscal year 2014 the number of DOD STARBASE programs from 79 to 56. DOD currently has 25 sites on the waiting list for a program, and that is why we need a small increase in fund-ing for a number of STARBASE pro-grams. It is one of the most cost-effec-tive programs across the Federal Gov-ernment, costing an average of $343 per student. 
Last year, 3,062 classes were con-
ducted in 1,267 schools in 413 school dis-tricts across the country. More than 70,000 students attended the programs, bringing the total to 825,000 students since its inception in 1993. 
It is one of the most effective STEM 
programs as well. The students dem-onstrate undisputed improvement in STEM. 
I will conclude by reading Warrant 
Officer Stacey Hendrickson of the Cali-fornia State Military Reserve and di-rector of the STARBASE program at the Los Alamitos Joint Forces Train-ing Base in my district, who said: 
‘‘Congressman L
OWENTHAL , I wanted 
to let you know that one of our schools, 96th Street Elementary in Watts, earned their highest science standardized test scores ever last year. This is significant because the class is second-year remediation and has 
English language learners and special needs students. Every student’s score went up, so this is a class that was very special to us. We were all very excited to hear that, as those students had all shown a big increase in our own pre and post test scores. We were happy to see that the improvement was seen on their Academic Performance Index scores as well.’’ 
Mr. Chair, STARBASE inspires 
America’s youth to discover technical career fields that are imperative. Dur-
ing this time of economic recovery we cannot lose this battle and concede our technical edge to the rest of the world. I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. 
b1700 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair-
man, I reluctantly rise to oppose the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from New Jersey is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I know the 
gentleman is a strong supporter of it. Indeed, it is a program that does in-credible things for students that has a proven record. 
Unfortunately, once again, the Presi-
dent’s fiscal year 2016 budget did not support the program. There were no funds requested. As a result, the com-mittee provided an additional $25 mil-lion in fiscal year 2016 to restore fund-ing for the program. 
However, I can’t support an amend-
ment that would cut the Army’s oper-ations, the maintenance accounts, to pay for it. This account provides fund-ing for critical training, operations, maintenance, and readiness programs. After over a decade of war, restoring readiness is one of the key objectives of our bill this year. 
We need to have soldiers who are 
ready and able to respond to contin-gency. It is a top priority in our bill for the Army and for us. While I appreciate the gentleman’s intent, I cannot sup-port his amendment, reluctantly. 
Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of 
my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from California (Mr. L
OWENTHAL ). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Chair, I de-
mand a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California will be postponed. 
The Clerk will read. The Clerk read as follows: 
OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , NAVY 
For expenses, not otherwise provided for, 
necessary for the operation and maintenance of the Navy and the Marine Corps, as author-ized by law, $40,548,338,000: Provided , That not 
to exceed $15,055,000 can be used for emer-gencies and extraordinary expenses, to be ex-pended on the approval or authority of the Secretary of the Navy, and payments may be made on his certificate of necessity for con-fidential military purposes. 
O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , MARINE CORPS  
For expenses, not otherwise provided for, 
necessary for the operation and maintenance of the Marine Corps, as authorized by law, $5,338,793,000. 
O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , AIRFORCE  
For expenses, not otherwise provided for, 
necessary for the operation and maintenance 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:30 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JN7.027 H10JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4060 June 10, 2015 
of the Air Force, as authorized by law, 
$36,094,484,000: Provided , That not to exceed 
$7,699,000 can be used for emergencies and ex-traordinary expenses, to be expended on the approval or authority of the Secretary of the Air Force, and payments may be made on his certificate of necessity for confidential mili-tary purposes. 
O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , DEFENSE -WIDE 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  
For expenses, not otherwise provided for, 
necessary for the operation and maintenance of activities and agencies of the Department of Defense (other than the military depart-ments), as authorized by law, $30,182,187,000: Provided , That not more than $15,000,000 may 
be used for the Combatant Commander Ini-tiative Fund authorized under section 166a of title 10, United States Code: Provided further , 
That not to exceed $36,000,000 can be used for emergencies and extraordinary expenses, to be expended on the approval or authority of the Secretary of Defense, and payments may be made on his certificate of necessity for confidential military purposes: Provided fur-
ther, That of the funds provided under this 
heading, not less than $35,045,000 shall be made available for the Procurement Tech-nical Assistance Cooperative Agreement Program, of which not less than $3,600,000 shall be available for centers defined in 10 U.S.C. 2411(1)(D): Provided further , That none 
of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used to plan or implement the consolidation of a budget or appropriations liaison office of the Office of the Secretary of Defense, the office of the Secretary of a military department, or the service headquarters of one of the Armed Forces into a legislative affairs or legislative liaison office: Provided further , That 
$9,031,000, to remain available until ex-pended, is available only for expenses relat-ing to certain classified activities, and may be transferred as necessary by the Secretary of Defense to operation and maintenance ap-propriations or research, development, test and evaluation appropriations, to be merged with and to be available for the same time period as the appropriations to which trans-ferred: Provided further , That any ceiling on 
the investment item unit cost of items that may be purchased with operation and main-tenance funds shall not apply to the funds described in the preceding proviso: Provided 
further , That the transfer authority provided 
under this heading is in addition to any other transfer authority provided elsewhere in this Act. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . GOSAR  
Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chair, I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 9, line 6, after the dollar amount, in-
sert ‘‘(reduced by $3,200,000)’’. 
Page 12, line 17, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(increased by $2,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 303, the gentleman from Arizona and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Arizona. 
Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
today to offer an amendment with the intent of bolstering funds for a worth-while program in the National Guard that assists with securing our south-west border. 
In my State of Arizona, we are under 
attack. The Arizona border is a main thoroughfare for the black market and trafficking. Guns, money, drugs, and 
people are smuggled over the border at an alarming rate. Once the smugglers make it to Interstate 10 in Tucson, they can make easier runs to Phoenix, Los Angeles, and beyond. 
Let’s be clear, the Guard’s southwest 
border mission has bipartisan support. Even President Obama supported this program during his time in the White House. In fact, since 1981, Congress has authorized military support to civilian law enforcement agencies. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
will suspend. 
For what purpose does the gentleman 
from Illinois seek recognition? 
Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chair, I rise to 
ask which of the three amendments I have before me is the one that we are now considering in the House of Rep-resentatives. 
Mr. GOSAR. 107. Mr. VISCLOSKY. I have got it. Thank you very much. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-
tion, the Clerk will report the amend-ment once again. 
There was no objection. The Clerk read the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The Chair recog-
nizes the gentleman from Arizona. 
Mr. GOSAR. In fact, since 1981, Con-
gress has authorized military support to civilian law enforcement agencies, and those narrow authorizations are prescribed in title 10, chapter 18 of the United States Code. In sum, they act to support law enforcement efforts, but they do not direct them. 
Finally, I will remind my colleagues 
that a similar amendment was offered last year by the gentleman from Colo-rado (Mr. L
AMBORN ), and the amend-
ment was accepted by voice vote. This amendment today seeks to achieve the same goal. The amendment is offset by a reduction to the defensewide oper-ations and maintenance account, $30.2 billion account. 
Arizona, California, New Mexico, and 
Texas are all struggling. We are in des-perate need of expertise and support at our southwestern border. If you sup-port efforts to secure the border and interdict illegal trafficking in guns, money, drugs, and humans, including sex slaves, then you should support this amendment. 
I thank the chairman and the rank-
ing member for their tireless efforts to prioritize resources in this bill. 
Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair-
man, I claim the time, but I am in sup-port of the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-
tion, the gentleman from New Jersey is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I understand 
the Representative from Arizona has firsthand knowledge of the value of the southwest border mission, and I sup-port his amendment. 
Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of 
my time. Mr. GOSAR. I thank the chairman 
for accepting my amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Arizona (Mr. G
OSAR ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . PASCRELL  
Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Chairman, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 9, line 6, after the dollar amount, in-
sert ‘‘(reduced by $5,500,000) (increased by $5,500,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 303, the gentleman from New Jersey and a Member op-posed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from New Jersey. 
Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Chairman, I 
thank Chairman F
RELINGHUYSEN and 
Ranking Member V ISCLOSKY for pro-
viding $212 million for suicide preven-tion outreach programs, $20 million above the President’s request. 
I am offering this amendment with 
my colleagues, Representatives P
AL-
LONE , S MITH, L OBIONDO , G ARRETT , 
LANCE , S IRES, P AYNE , M ACARTHUR , 
NORCROSS , and W ATSON COLEMAN , to 
continue support and funding for the successful confidential peer-to-peer Vets4Warriors program, a Pentagon- funded call center operated by Rutgers University Behavioral Health Care that provides troops struggling with depres-sion and other psychological or emo-tional concerns support by veterans. 
Despite the troubling increase in Ac-
tive Duty military suicides after 9/11, the Defense Department announced last month it would stop funding the Vets4Warriors program, which has pro-vided valuable assistance to reduce these incidents. 
Through Vets4Warriors, servicemem-
bers have been able to find confidential assistance from peers who share lived experiences and who can quickly con-nect and listen in highly effective ways. Since December 2011, the pro-gram has had over 130,000 contacts. 
The Defense Department’s plan to in-
tegrate these services into the Military OneSource without a public process is concerning because we know that many servicemembers are reluctant to contact superiors for assistance with mental health needs. Military OneSource is only billed as available to veterans and their families within 180 days after leaving the service. 
Vets4Warriors provides a deep place 
for veterans to seek help outside the Defense Department. We believe re-moving funding for this program is shortsighted. This move will also re-sult in the layoff of approximately 30 well-trained, talented veterans who have been providing support services around the clock. We want the Defense Department to use this funding to fully fund the Vets4Warriors program, en-suring our troops receive the best men-tal health resources available. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:30 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JN7.029 H10JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4061 June 10, 2015 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Will the gen-
tleman yield? 
Mr. PASCRELL. I yield to the gen-
tleman from New Jersey. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I rise to sup-
port your amendment. 
I think all of us are particularly 
shocked that they would shut some-thing down in our home State that ac-tually serves the rest of the Nation. They enjoy a good reputation. It sort of falls into the category of ‘‘what were they thinking?’’ 
We appreciate your standing for the 
Vets4Warriors. 
Mr. LANCE. Will the gentleman 
yield? 
Mr. PASCRELL. I yield to the gen-
tleman from New Jersey. 
Mr. LANCE. Mr. Chairman, I thank 
Mr. P
ASCRELL for his leadership on this 
issue, as he has led on so many other issues. I also thank Chairman F
RELING -
HUYSEN . It is due to Chairman F RELING -
HUYSEN ’s leadership on this legislation 
that we stand well-equipped to keep our Nation safe and secure. 
The Vets4Warriors program has 
saved lives in New Jersey. It has made a great difference during very chal-lenging times for servicemen and serv-icewomen. Their peers offer support and a friendly ear at a time when it matters most. Their voices of encour-agement, friendship, and support on the other end of the telephone remind our brave heroes of their great poten-tial, the love of a grateful nation, and what they can accomplish in their lives. 
The program has been proven effec-
tive. Thousands of veterans have re-ceived critical care and assistance. It works and it should be maintained. The statistics on veterans’ suicides are heartbreaking, but programs like Vets4Warriors are the types of efforts that we can implement to make a last-ing difference. 
I thank Lloyd Deans of Bridgewater, 
New Jersey, and the district I serve for his support and leadership in this area, and for fighting for this program and for being a great friend and resource to other veterans. 
I urge adoption of the amendment. Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from New Jersey (Mr. P
AS-
CRELL ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . GOSAR  
Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chairman, I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 9, line 6, after the dollar amount, in-
sert ‘‘(reduced by $1,500,000)’’. 
Page 36, line 1, after the dollar amount, in-
sert ‘‘(increased by $1,500,000)’’. 
Page 36, line 2, after the dollar amount, in-
sert ‘‘(increased by $1,500,000)’’. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair-
man, I reserve a point of order on the gentleman’s amendment. The Acting CHAIR. A point of order 
is reserved. 
Pursuant to House Resolution 303, 
the gentleman from Arizona and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Arizona. 
Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chairman, I too am 
offering an amendment to bolster sui-cide prevention programs. I rise to offer an amendment which would pro-vide additional resources for mental health programs for our Nation’s serv-icemembers. Traumatic brain injuries and post-traumatic stress disorder have been consistently contributing to behavioral issues with our veterans, and all too often these ongoing mental health issues result in suicide. With an average of 18 to 20 veteran suicides per day, more resources are desperately needed. 
The DOD is already an expansive bu-
reaucracy, and I appreciate the work of the committee to prioritize resources and to provide appropriation levels for the defensewide operations and mainte-nance that are actually lower than those in fiscal year 2015. 
My amendment takes a relatively 
small amount from that account—$1.5 million out of a $30.2 billion budget. The nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office says the amendment would have no impact on budget authority or out-
lays. 
Too many of our men and women in 
uniform are struggling with traumatic brain injuries and post-traumatic stress disorder as a result of serving in combat. If you support improved men-tal health for our servicemembers, you should support this amendment. Let’s prevent future suicides amongst our troops and ensure they are getting the help they need. I ask my colleagues to support this amendment. I thank the chairman and the ranking member for their time. 
POINT OF ORDER  
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair-
man, I do insist on my point of order. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
may state his point of order. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I strongly 
admire the advocacy on behalf of sui-cide prevention by the gentleman from Arizona. It is very needed, but I insist on my point of order because the amendment proposes to amend por-tions of the bill not yet read. 
The amendment may not be consid-
ered en bloc under clause 2(f) of rule XXI because the amendment proposes to increase the level of outlays in the bill. 
I ask for a ruling from the Chair. The Acting CHAIR. Does any other 
Member wish to be heard on the point of order? If not, the Chair is prepared to rule. 
To be considered en bloc pursuant to 
clause 2(f) of rule XXI, an amendment must not propose to increase the level of budget authority or outlays in the bill. 
Because the amendment offered by 
the gentleman from Arizona proposes a net increase in the level of outlays in 
the bill, as argued by the chairman of the Subcommittee on Appropriations, it may not avail itself of clause 2(f) to address portions of the bill not yet read. 
The point of order is sustained. The 
amendment is not in order. 
b1715 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . DELANEY  
Mr. DELANEY. Mr. Chairman, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 9, line 6, after the dollar amount in-
sert the following: ‘‘(reduced by $7,463,000)’’. 
Page 88, line 16, after the dollar amount in-
sert the following: ‘‘(increased by $5,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 303, the gentleman from Maryland and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Maryland. 
Mr. DELANEY. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
I want to start by thanking the 
chairman and the ranking member for their unwavering support of our na-tional defense and our veterans. 
Mr. Chairman, my amendment in-
creases the funding for a program called Fisher House from $5 million to $10 million, and it funds that increase by reducing the amount in the oper-ation and maintenance account by $5 million. 
Mr. Chairman, the Fisher House is a 
very successful and very well-regarded nonprofit with a single mission, which is to provide free housing and lodging to families of veterans. The facilities are located near veterans hospitals and military hospitals in VA facilities. 
The purpose of this housing is to 
allow the families of veterans to be with their loved ones, the servicemen or -women who have served our coun-try and are receiving medical care at one of these facilities. Mr. Chairman, we know how important that is for the families and for the loved ones, but we know in particular how important that is for our veterans when they are re-ceiving care incurred in the service to our great Nation for them to have their families with them. 
The Fisher House program has been 
in business for 25 years, and they have been a proven and exceptional steward of taxpayer money. They operate 65 fa-cilities all around the country. Again, these facilities are near military hos-pitals or a veterans facility. 
They operate to a very high stand-
ard. They have a deep pipeline of new facilities that they want to build. Un-fortunately, there is a great need for these facilities, which is why we are proposing to increase their funding from $5 million to $10 million. 
I have introduced this amendment 
for the past 3 years. It has enjoyed bi-partisan support. This year, it also has the support of the gentlewoman from Michigan. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:30 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JN7.081 H10JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4062 June 10, 2015 
I now yield 2 minutes to the gentle-
woman from Michigan (Mrs. D INGELL ). 
Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Chairman, I 
thank the gentleman from Maryland for yielding and for his leadership on this critically important issue. I rise in very strong support of this amend-ment. 
For many years, I have worked with 
hospitalized veterans and their fami-lies who have often had to travel far from home to get treatment and have seen what the Fisher House has done. The Fisher House Foundation does wonders in being a home away from home during very difficult times for our veterans and their families. 
As Congress continues to address vet-
erans issues, it is critical that their families also have support systems in place and a safe place to stay while the veterans are receiving treatment. 
We should be building more Fisher 
House facilities across the country. We are currently trying to put one in Michigan and, as I explored that pub-lic-private partnership, discovered that there is more than a 5-year wait in that pipeline. This bill isn’t a silver bullet, but it would help reduce that timeline. 
I want to thank my good friend Con-
gressman D
ELANEY for his leadership 
on this issue, and I urge all Members to support this bipartisan amendment that helps veterans and their families. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair-
man, I rise in opposition and will use that time to say that I support the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-
tion, the gentleman from New Jersey is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. The Fisher 
House Foundation does incredible work. Both my predecessors, Mr. Mur-tha and Mr. Young, were strong sup-porters. 
Just for the record, my bill already 
includes an additional $5 million for the Department as a grant to the Fish-er House Foundation and allows each service to transfer up to $11 million for Fisher House operations, so each of our services recognizes the incredible pri-vate contribution and also the U.S. taxpayer contribution. 
I support the amendment, and I yield 
back the balance of my time. 
Mr. DELANEY. Mr. Chairman, I want 
to thank the chairman for his support and, once again, thank him for his sin-gular leadership and for his insights into the importance of the Fisher House program. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
amendment so that we can build, as the gentlewoman from Michigan said, more Fisher House facilities to allow the family members of our veterans to be with them at this great time of need. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Maryland (Mr. D
ELANEY ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . FRANKS OF  
ARIZONA  
Mr. FRANKS of Arizona. I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 9, line 6, after the dollar amount in-
sert the following: ‘‘(reduced by $2,000,000) (increased by $2,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 303, the gentleman from Arizona and a Member opposed 
each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Arizona. 
Mr. FRANKS of Arizona. Mr. Chair-
man, I thank the chairman for allow-ing me to offer this amendment to this year’s Defense Appropriations bill to establish and reestablish the Commis-sion to assess the threat to the United States from electromagnetic pulse at-tack, which was authorized in the House-passed FY16 NDAA. 
Mr. Chairman, as your committee 
knows so very well, the United States faces many threats and challenges today, perhaps more than ever before in her history. One of those threats is the reliance across all critical infra-structure sectors on an aging and high-ly vulnerable electric grid. 
As the GAO reported, the Depart-
ment of Defense relies upon that very same electric grid for 99 percent of its electricity needs within the conti-nental United States without which it cannot effect its mission. 
The previous EMP Commission stat-
ed that a collapse of large portions of the electrical system will result in sig-nificant periods of power outage and loss of significant portions of that sys-tem. 
Should the electrical power system 
be lost for any substantial period of time, the consequences are likely to be catastrophic to civilian society. They concluded that negative impacts on the electrical infrastructure are certain in an EMP event unless practical steps are taken to provide protection for critical elements of the electrical sys-tem. 
The Commission must be established, 
Mr. Chairman, to ensure that research into addressing these vulnerabilities continues within the Department of Defense to enable practical steps to ac-tually secure and harden the grid. The House Armed Services Committee has already acted this year and authorized $2 million to reestablish the Commis-sion. 
I would urge my colleagues to sup-
port this amendment to ensure that these funds are appropriated as well. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Will the gen-
tleman yield? 
Mr. FRANKS of Arizona. I yield to 
the gentleman from New Jersey. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. The gen-
tleman brings up a huge issue, EMP, electromagnetic pulse. I accept the amendment. 
Mr. FRANKS of Arizona. I thank the 
gentleman very much. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Arizona (Mr. F
RANKS ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . NOLAN  
Mr. NOLAN. Mr. Chairman, I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 9, line 6, after the dollar amount, in-
sert ‘‘(reduced by $1,000,000)’’. 
Page 36, line 1, after the dollar amount, in-
sert ‘‘(increased by $1,000,000)’’. 
Page 36, line 9, after the dollar amount, in-
sert ‘‘(increased by $1,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 303, the gentleman from Minnesota and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Minnesota. 
Mr. NOLAN. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Chairman, members of the com-
mittee, my amendment would transfer $1 million from the Secretary’s some $30 billion general operation and main-tenance fund to lung cancer research under the Defense Health Program. 
I would like to begin by thanking 
Chairman F
RELINGHUYSEN and Ranking 
Member V ISCLOSKY for the additional 
funds that have already been placed into the legislation for cancer research. My amendment is presented out of the hope that we can still do better and get us back to a point where we were some years ago. 
I know $1 million won’t make but a 
dent in the Secretary’s general oper-ating fund, but it would make an enor-mous difference—an enormous dif-ference—in battling lung cancer, a dis-ease that already affects many of our military men and women and kills over 159,000 Americans every year. 
As many of you know, my daughter, 
Katherine, a young mother of four, ages 9 to 16, was diagnosed with non-smoking lung cancer earlier this year. I would be remiss if I didn’t thank my many colleagues for their prayers and their good will and all their expres-sions of hope and concern and thank the committee for the money that they have provided here for medical re-search because, make no mistake about it, the combined prayers, good will, and medical research have provided Kath-erine and her family and her friends and many people throughout this coun-try with hope for their recovery. 
We have come a long way, and we are 
getting very close to discovering a cure for this and many of the other cancers that so tragically take the lives of our loved ones. 
It is my hope that with this amend-
ment, we can do a little bit better, get us a little bit closer to that cure, and give people going forward the same hope that my daughter, Katherine, has been able to receive as a result of these prayers and this research. 
I urge my colleagues to adopt this 
amendment and ask for its support. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:30 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JN7.086 H10JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4063 June 10, 2015 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Minnesota (Mr. N
OLAN ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . MCKINLEY  
Mr. M CKINLEY. Mr. Chairman, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 9, line 6, after the dollar amount, in-
sert ‘‘(reduced by $5,000,000) (increased by $5,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 303, the gentleman from West Virginia and a Member op-posed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from West Virginia. 
Mr. M
CKINLEY. Mr. Chairman, 
formed in 1993, the Youth ChalleNGe is a 17-month program run by individual State National Guards. Its mission is to give troubled youth a second chance and addresses our Nation’s dropout rate by providing them the opportunity to obtain a high school diploma. 
Youth ChalleNGe has transformed 
the lives of over 120,000 young people since 1993 and has expanded to 35 sites in 27 States, including the District of Columbia and Puerto Rico—young peo-ple like Tatiana Zambrano, a 2011 Puerto Rico ChalleNGe Academy grad-uate, who with the help of Youth Chal-leNGe overcame much adversity to gain admission to Valparaiso Univer-sity from which she graduated last month. Society may have given up on these young people, but Youth Chal-leNGe hasn’t. 
Along with my colleague, Congress-
woman N
APOLITANO , we have written 
letters and offered amendments in sup-port of Youth ChalleNGe and have been buoyed by its successful intervention over the last number of years, the pro-gram seeks now to expand its help into California, Georgia, North Carolina, and Texas, but that requires $25 mil-lion above the funding level. 
b1730 
Our amendment doesn’t go to that 
level. Instead, we hope that we can ask for just a modest $5 million amount for Youth ChalleNGe to carry out its mod-est expansion of this program to reach at-risk children. It has proven to be a cost-effective investment. 
We thank Chairman F
RELINGHUYSEN  
and his staff for their efforts and their interest in this issue, and I urge all of my colleagues to support this bipar-tisan amendment. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to 
the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. N
APOLITANO ), my co-chair of the Youth 
ChalleNGe Caucus. 
Mrs. NAPOLITANO. Mr. Chairman, I 
thank the gentleman, my colleague who is the co-chair on the Congres-sional National Guard Youth Chal-leNGe Caucus—bipartisan, may I add— to help our throwaway kids. They are 16- to 18-year-olds who have fallen through the cracks, so we work in a bi-
partisan manner to ensure that some of these youngsters have a second chance. 
We thank the Appropriations Com-
mittee for the funding increase over President Obama’s 2016 request of $145 million. 
The 2016 Defense Appropriations will 
fund the National Guard Youth Chal-leNGe Program at $150 million, with the current funding of $135 million. As my colleague has stated, this amend-ment increases by $5 million the Na-tional Guard Youth ChalleNGe Pro-gram to $155 million, and it reduces the operation and maintenance, defensewide account by the same amount. It helps to start new programs in four States. Each new program is $4 million. The California third program will cost $10 million to $15 million due to the Superfund site. 
It is critical for hundreds of youth 
who are dropouts to have the same op-tions to be able to have a second chance. The ChalleNGe program has graduated, as was stated, over 120,000 nationally. It is voluntary, free, with no cost to the child or to his or her family. It is a 22
1⁄2-week residential 
boot camp program that is led by the National Guard cadre. It also prepares them to reenter society and to be suc-cessful, to build employment potential, and to return to school. A 2012 RAND study finds, for every dollar spent, it results in a return of $2.66 to the tax-payer. 
It is rated as the best youth program 
in the Nation. It effectively addresses part of our Nation’s dropout epidemic on a small level. It is beneficial to business, communities, and the Na-tion’s ability to compete in our future economy. We need more programs, not fewer. More than 12,000 applicants are rejected due to no space, so we ask our colleagues to support this amendment. 
Mr. M
CKINLEY. Mr. Chairman, it is 
all about just trying to help these young kids get a second chance. By ex-panding this program as we are doing, which is a modest expansion to reach into some other States, we know we are going to reach some other lives that society has given up on. I don’t want to give up on them, and I don’t think our Nation wants to give up on them. This is a chance to do it, and I thank the committee for its support. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from West Virginia (Mr. M
CKIN-
LEY). 
The amendment was agreed to. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chairman, I 
move to strike the last word. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Indiana is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chairman, I 
will not take the full 5 minutes, but I would just point out to all of my col-leagues that we are on page 9 of a 163- page bill. This bill deals with the na-tional security of this country. It con-tains $578,656,000,000, and we have al-ready received two amendments that 
have been offered on the floor that were not made available to us. I would hope that this does not continue to be a practice during the coming debate on the remainder of the bill given the gravity of the bill, the subject matter, and the amendments, themselves. 
I would ask all of the Members to 
have the courtesy to make sure both the majority and the minority have their amendments in a timely fashion and, certainly, before we begin 5 min-utes of debate on the floor of the House of Representatives. I would ask for that civility on behalf of all of the Members. 
I yield back the balance of my time. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . SABLAN  
Mr. SABLAN. Mr. Chair, I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 9, line 6, after the dollar amount in-
sert the following: ‘‘(reduced by $21,300,000)’’. 
Page 16, line 24, after the dollar amount in-
sert the following: ‘‘(increased by $21,300,000)’’. 
Mr. SABLAN (during the reading). 
Mr. Chair, I ask that the amendment be considered as read and printed in the R
ECORD . 
The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection 
to the request of the gentleman from the Northern Mariana Islands? 
There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 303, the gentleman from the Northern Mariana Islands and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from the Northern Mariana Islands. 
Mr. SABLAN. Mr. Chair, we all agree 
that the Department of Defense has the responsibility to defend our Nation, but the Department also has a respon-sibility to clean up after itself when it contaminates our environment or threatens public health, and we in Con-gress have a responsibility to give the military the money it needs for that cleanup. 
The amendment I offer adds $21.3 mil-
lion to the Formerly Used Defense Sites program. 
I plan to withdraw the amendment 
out of respect for Chairman F
RELING -
HUYSEN and his subcommittee, which 
actually added $25 million to the FUDS program above the President’s budget request. Yet I want to make the point that we ought to keep the funding at the same level we appropriated in fis-cal year 2015, which was $250 million, and that is what my amendment would do, because now is not the time for the military to backslide on its cleanup. 
There are 5,000 sites—in every State 
and territory—that we know are con-taminated, and these sites are not in someone else’s backyard. There are 87 of the Formerly Used Defense Sites in Chairman F
RELINGHUYSEN ’s State of 
New Jersey, and there are 42 FUDS sites in Ranking Member V
ISCLOSKY ’s 
State of Indiana. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:30 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JN7.090 H10JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4064 June 10, 2015 
In the district I represent, which is 
the Northern Mariana Islands, there are 24 contaminated areas, dating back to World War II, that are still waiting to be cleaned up. For example, there are 17 rusted fuel tanks in the little village of Tanapag that have been leak-ing oil into the ground since Harry Truman was President, and, every day, there are kids who are walking by on their way to school; there are fisher-men in the lagoon just a few feet away; and there are families who are living with the smell of oil in their homes. 
This is not just an environmental 
issue. This unfinished cleanup damages our military’s ability to defend our Na-tion. Let me explain. 
In the Northern Mariana Islands 
today, the Defense Department wants to expand training activities—using live fire, running pipelines, building more fuel tanks—doing the very things we know contaminate the environment and threaten public health. The people I represent are saying ‘‘no’’ to this ex-panded military activity. 
Now, restoring FUDS funding will 
not change anyone’s mind about the military’s proposed buildup in my dis-trict, but at least the military will have a little more credibility when it promises that it will clean up after itself because, if the people I represent see Congress cutting funding for FUDS, then the military’s promise has no credibility at all. 
This is not just about the Northern 
Mariana Islands. This is a national issue. We have 5,000 sites currently identified for cleanup nationwide and another 10,000 on the list of potentially contaminated sites. Even if we appro-priate $250 million for 2016, it is not enough. The Army Corps of Engineers estimates a full cleanup cost of $14 bil-lion. So, at $250 million a year, we will still be having this same discussion 50 years from now. 
Again, I commend the chairman and 
his subcommittee for adding the $25 million to the Formerly Used Defense Sites program, but, ultimately, we all have to do better. 
Mr. VISCLOSKY. Will the gentleman 
yield? 
Mr. SABLAN. I yield to the gen-
tleman from Indiana. 
Mr. VISCLOSKY. I appreciate the 
gentleman’s statement before the floor and for his bringing the issue to the Members’ attention. 
As you frankly point out, not only 
for the constituency you represent but whether it was in any of our districts, as you also rightfully point out, this is a national problem. It tends to be for-gotten because it is not seen visually by the average constituent. It is a very serious health and environmental prob-lem, and I do appreciate your raising it during this particular debate. 
Mr. SABLAN. Mr. Chair, I ask unani-
mous consent to withdraw the amend-ment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection 
to the request of the gentleman from the Northern Mariana Islands? There was no objection. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . GRAYSON  
Mr. GRAYSON. Mr. Chairman, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 9, line 6, after the dollar amount in-
sert the following: ‘‘(reduced by $10,000,000)’’. 
Page 36, line 1, after the dollar amount in-
sert the following: ‘‘(increased by $10,000,000)’’. 
Page 36, line 9, after the dollar amount in-
sert the following: ‘‘(increased by $10,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 303, the gentleman from Florida and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Florida. 
Mr. GRAYSON. Mr. Chairman, this 
amendment is identical to an amend-ment offered last year that passed this body by a voice vote. 
Veterans of the first gulf war suffered 
from persistent symptoms, including chronic headaches, widespread pain, cognitive difficulties, debilitating fa-tigue, gastrointestinal problems, res-piratory symptoms, and other abnor-malities that are not explained by tra-ditional medicine or by psychiatric di-agnoses. 
Research shows that, as veterans 
from the first gulf war age, they are twice as likely to develop Lou Gehrig’s disease as are their nondeployed peers. There also may be connections to mul-tiple sclerosis and to Parkinson’s dis-ease. Sadly, there are no known treat-ments for this lifelong pain and afflic-tion that these veterans must endure through this disease. 
For decades, the Veterans Health Ad-
ministration has downplayed any neu-rological basis for the disease, but re-cent research has shown unequivocally that this disease is biological in na-ture. The time has come for us to right the wrong that our servicemen and -women have had to live with now for over 20 years. In this Department of Defense Appropriations bill, we allo-cate more money for breast cancer, orthopaedic, and prostate cancer re-search than we do for finding a cure for Gulf War Illness. Equivalent funds are appropriated for ovarian cancer re-search. 
I think if we are going to spend 
money on medical research within the Department of Defense, which I am in favor of, the Department must ade-quately fund research on those diseases that originate in war and wholly affect our servicemen and -women. Over a quarter of a million veterans display symptoms of this disease, and the time has come to find and to fund a cure for it. 
The offset for my amendment today 
comes from the $30 billion operation and maintenance, defensewide account. Congress has a responsibility to ensure that the gulf war veterans, who put it all on the line and are paying for that with a lifetime of pain, are not left be-hind. I urge my colleagues to support 
this amendment and help find a cure for the Gulf War Illness. 
Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of 
my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Florida (Mr. G
RAYSON ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . GRAYSON  
Mr. GRAYSON. Mr. Chair, I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 9, line 6, after the dollar amount in-
sert the following: ‘‘(reduced by $10,000,000)’’. 
Page 36, line 1, after the dollar amount in-
sert the following: ‘‘(increased by $10,000,000)’’. 
Page 36, line 9, after the dollar amount in-
sert the following: ‘‘(increased by $10,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 303, the gentleman from Florida and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Florida. 
Mr. GRAYSON. Mr. Chair, my 
amendment would increase funding for prostate cancer research by $10 million under the Defense Health Program. 
Prostate cancer is the second-most 
commonly diagnosed cancer in men and is the second-most common cause of a man’s death. In 2015, approxi-mately 220,800 men in the United States will be diagnosed with prostate cancer, and an estimated 27,540 will die from it. 
The Prostate Cancer Research Pro-
gram is a unique research program in that it prioritizes research that will lead to the elimination of death from prostate cancer while enhancing the well-being of men who are experiencing the impact of that disease. 
To date, the Prostate Cancer Re-
search Program has resulted in a total appropriation of over $1.3 billion, in-cluding $80 million last year. This unique partnership among the mili-tary, prostate cancer survivors, clini-cians, and scientists has changed the landscape of biomedical study, ener-gizing the research community in con-ducting high-risk investigations that are more collaborative, innovative, and impactful on prostate cancer. 
This increase would result in a total 
funding level of $90 million, which is still $10 million below what this ac-count was funded at in 2001, more than a decade ago. The offset for my amend-ment comes from the $30 billion oper-ation and maintenance, defensewide account. 
This amendment passed the House by 
a voice vote last year and as part of an en bloc amendment the year before. I hope that we will all agree on its pas-sage again this year. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Will the gen-
tleman yield? 
Mr. GRAYSON. I yield to the gen-
tleman from New Jersey. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I would like 
to thank the gentleman for his pre-vious amendment, which I supported, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:30 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JN7.095 H10JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4065 June 10, 2015 
and also for this amendment, which 
supports greater funds for prostate cancer research. 
Mr. Chairman, as a matter of history, 
my predecessor died from prostate can-cer, and, of course, around this room and around the country, we know too many men who haven’t done what they should do to look after their health and, therefore, the welfare of their families. 
b1745 
I want to commend the gentleman 
for his advocacy in this area and also remind those who are on the Hill that I think next week the House will be sponsoring a screening for all men here. It is a good way not only to look after yourself, but the people who love you. I want to commend the gentleman for his advocacy on an annual basis and thank him for yielding the time. I ac-cept the amendment. 
Mr. GRAYSON. I reclaim my time. I want to thank the chairman for his 
kind and insightful words, and I want to thank the chairman for his leader-ship in making sure that the healthcare needs of those who serve are met. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Florida (Mr. G
RAYSON ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MS . SPEIER  
Ms. SPEIER. Mr. Chairman, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 9, line 6, after the dollar amount, in-
sert ‘‘(reduced by $5,000,000)’’. 
Page 36, line 1, after the dollar amount, in-
sert ‘‘(increased by $5,000,000)’’. 
Page 36, line 9, after the dollar amount, in-
sert ‘‘(increased by $5,000,000)’’. 
Page 36, line 20, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(increased by $5,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 303, the gentlewoman from California and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from California. 
Ms. SPEIER. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Alzheimer’s disease is a threat to our 
country—not a direct threat like ISIS or al Qaeda, but it is an insidious, per-sistent threat to the minds and bodies of our family members and to the fiscal health of our country. 
The Alzheimer’s Association esti-
mates that the cost of caring for people with Alzheimer’s right now through the Medicare system is $226 billion. By the year 2050, it will be $1.1 trillion. This is a genuine budgetary threat. If it grows unchecked, the cost to Medi-care from a single disease will zap our ability to pay for national security. In-terestingly enough and timely enough, on the front page of USA Today is a story that reads how 15 percent of sen-iors account for nearly one-half of Medicare spending. We also have an epidemic among our 
soldiers. It is called traumatic brain injury, known as the signature wound of veterans from Afghanistan and Iraq. It affects our soldiers at a much higher rate than the civilian population, and the VA projects its 10-year costs at $2.2 billion. 
TBI is also closely linked to Alz-
heimer’s. For 30 years, we have known about a clear correlation between TBI and the risk of developing Alzheimer’s disease and other types of dementia. By researching the link between TBI and Alzheimer’s, we can help cure both. 
I applaud the chairman and ranking 
member of the Subcommittee on De-fense of the Committee on Appropria-tions for increasing the funding for the Peer Reviewed Alzheimer’s Research Program from $12 million to its presequestration levels of $15 million, but the funding for Alzheimer’s re-search in the United States is still underresourced. 
Today, I am offering this amendment 
to increase the funding for the Peer Re-viewed Program by $5 million, which 
would take it up to $20 million. This modest investment on the front end in research can eventually yield billions in savings in the future on the cost of care. That is why I urge my colleagues to support our servicemembers with TBI and Alzheimer’s and vote ‘‘yes’’ on this amendment. 
Mr. Chairman, I thank the Members 
on both sides of the aisle. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from California (Ms. S
PEIER ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . TAKAI  
Mr. TAKAI. Mr. Chairman, I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 9, line 6, after the dollar amount in-
sert the following: ‘‘(reduced by $25,000,000) (increased by $25,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 303, the gentleman from Hawaii and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Hawaii. 
Mr. TAKAI. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. I would first like to thank the chairman and the ranking member for this oppor-tunity. 
Mr. Chairman, I offer this amend-
ment with Mr. J
ONES of North Caro-
lina. Our bipartisan amendment would increase DOD’s supplemental impact aid to $55 million, $25 million more than appropriated in the bill currently. This would benefit schools in almost every school district that hold a mili-tary installation. Schools that had 20 percent average daily attendance of military-dependent students in the pre-ceding year as counted on their Federal impact aid application are eligible to receive funding on an annual basis. 
Congress has recognized the needs 
faced by many school districts edu-cating a large number of military chil-
dren and has consistently provided in-creases in this aid; yet last year, in fis-cal year 2015, this funding was dropped from $45 million to $25 million. This is not enough. With the stress put on military kids throughout the past years, this aid should be increasing, not decreasing. 
The education of a military child is a 
military readiness issue. The men and women serving in the military today have to rely on local school districts to provide quality education and coun-seling programs for their students and children. 
Earlier this year, a letter signed by 
many Members of this Congress and en-dorsed by multiple organizations ask-ing for this critical program to be fully supported at $50 million for DOD im-pact aid, with $5 million for children of military families with severe disabil-ities, was sent to the House Committee on Appropriations. As we know, we have to offset any funding increase for one program with another if we play by the rules, and I have done so with this amendment. 
Our amendment is fully offset by 
using funding from an Office of the Secretary of Defense servicewide ad-ministration account, O&M defensewide. The children are our fu-ture, and many that grow up in our military families today will be the military leaders of our future. I urge my colleagues to vote for this amend-ment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Hawaii (Mr. T
AKAI). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . CONYERS  
Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Chairman, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 9, line 6, after the dollar amount, in-
sert ‘‘(reduced by $15,000,000)’’. 
Page 74, line 8, after the dollar amount, in-
sert ‘‘(increased by $10,000,000)’’. 
Page 74, line 12, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(increased by $10,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 303, the gentleman from Michigan and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Michigan. 
Mr. CONYERS. Ladies and gentlemen 
of the House, this amendment is de-signed specifically to support the men and women of the United States Armed Forces and to dramatically improve their quality of life while they are de-ployed. 
On a daily basis, the United Service 
Organizations, USO, reaches United States military members in numerous ways. They provide calling cards at de-ployed locations for servicemembers to call their families. They provide toiletries and necessities for deployed servicemembers and those in austere locations. They are the first persons to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:30 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JN7.099 H10JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4066 June 10, 2015 
welcome back redeploying servicemem-
bers. They volunteer to run morale and welfare tents offering Internet connectivity for deployed locations. Connecting troops to their families through calling cards and the Internet is just part of the USO’s 40-plus pro-gram repertoire, but it is incredibly important to our deployed men and women and to their spouses, parents, siblings, and children. 
In an era where our servicemembers 
are fighting prolonged wars, con-necting them to their families and friends back home is a service to our military that we cannot afford to underfund. In fact, 93 percent of troops surveyed in 2012 agreed that USO serv-ices boost morale, ease separation from friends and family, and convey a feel-ing of support to the servicemember. Unfortunately, however, our deployed servicemembers too often go to the USO tent only to find that USO provi-sions, including supplies and calling cards, have run out. Increasing funding to the USO will help alleviate this un-acceptable problem. 
In the proposed fiscal year 2016 De-
fense Appropriations bill, the USO is funded at just $20 million. This amend-ment will reduce the operations and maintenance defensewide account by less than one two-thousandths, while having an immeasurable impact on the quality of life of our servicemen and -women. 
It is past time that we direct suffi-
cient funds to the quality of life of the men and women that sacrifice every-thing to defend our Nation. I urge Members on both sides of the aisle to support it. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Will the gen-
tleman yield? 
Mr. CONYERS. I yield to the gen-
tleman from New Jersey. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I would like 
to salute the dean of the House for his strong support of the USO. Over 40 years ago, I was one of those soldiers, and it made a real difference in my life. 
All of us want to thank the gen-
tleman for his significant leadership here over so many years and for choos-ing this incredibly wonderful organiza-tion to plus up. 
I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. CONYERS. I thank the chair-
man. 
Mr. Chairman, I urge support for the 
amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Michigan (Mr. C
ONYERS ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . KEATING  
Mr. KEATING. Mr. Chairman, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 9, line 6, after the dollar amount in-
sert the following: ‘‘(reduced by $1,000,000)’’. 
Page 36, line 1, after the dollar amount in-
sert the following: ‘‘(increased by $1,000,000)’’. Page 36, line 9, after the dollar amount in-
sert the following: ‘‘(increased by $1,000,000)’’. 
Page 36, line 20, after the dollar amount in-
sert the following: ‘‘(increased by $1,000,000)’’. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair-
man, I reserve a point of order. We haven’t received a copy of the amend-ment. We would like to see a copy of the amendment if that would be pos-sible. That is the reason for the res-ervation. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
distribute copies of the amendment. 
A point of order is reserved. Pursuant to House Resolution 303, 
the gentleman from Massachusetts and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Massachusetts. 
Mr. KEATING. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
today to offer an amendment to add an additional $1 million for research and development for Duchenne muscular dystrophy. Duchenne muscular dys-trophy is the most common lethal ge-netic disorder affecting American chil-dren today. 
b1800 
It is a progressive neuromuscular dis-
order that affects approximately 1 in every 3,500 boys or 200,000 babies born each year worldwide. Over time, pa-tients experience severe loss of muscle strength and control. 
Most boys diagnosed with Duchenne 
lose their ability to walk by the time they become teenagers. There is no known cure for Duchenne, and life expectancies for individuals with this disease are significantly shortened. Many do not live past their 21st birth-day. 
Like many of my colleagues, I have 
met with many Duchenne patients and their families and have seen the impact this disease has and what it imparts on their daily lives. 
There have been very promising ad-
vances in recent years, including devel-opment of a new drug which has achieved success in early clinical trials. I have had one child in my dis-
trict confined to a wheelchair who, under this clinical trial, is able to walk by himself currently. However, much more work needs to be done to find a cure for this disease and to better un-derstand what causes Duchenne in the first place. 
This amendment will directly benefit 
the thousands of Duchenne patients throughout the United States, as well as their countless loved ones who care for them every day. By increasing funding for peer-reviewed research, in-stitutions across the country will have additional resources necessary to make progress on eliminating this dev-astating disease. 
We as a nation are on the cusp of his-
toric progress in advancing critical re-search. Now is the time to recommit to robust support of our country’s bio-medical research for this disease. 
In closing, I would like to thank the 
countless physicians, researchers, and scientists who work tirelessly to find a 
cure for Duchenne. I would also like to thank the Jett Foundation, which has long been a national leader in increas-ing awareness and providing support for patients and their families. 
I urge my colleagues to support my 
amendment, and I thank the chair and ranking member for their consider-ation. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair-
man, I continue to reserve my point of order. We are doing a little more home-work on the amendment. Certainly, I am supportive of it. 
I claim the time in opposition, al-
though I support the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-
tion, the gentleman from New Jersey is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Will the gentleman 
yield? 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I yield to the 
gentleman from Indiana. 
Mr. VISCLOSKY. I understand the 
gentleman’s concern is the lack of the copy of the amendment? 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I think we 
wanted to make sure we have the fig-ures that go with what it is set against. 
Mr. Chairman, we want to make sure 
it comports to the rule of the House. We are not against it. We just want to make sure it is in order. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. KEATING. Mr. Chairman, I 
apologize. We had moved this with a later change to the defensewide oper-ations and maintenance fund for the pay-for for this; that probably explains this balance, but it is coming from that portion. The $1 million, I think, is in excess, if my memory is correct, of the $3.5 million that is already there. 
We are able to leverage this for a 
greater opportunity to move quickly on this. That is the rationale. That is where it came from. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. While I 
check the figures to make sure that it is properly offset, I continue to reserve my point of order. 
Mr. KEATING. I would just like to 
ask the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. F
RELINGHUYSEN ), the chairman, if 
that information is currently being analyzed now. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. If the gen-
tleman will yield, there is some con-sultation going on at the desk. At the conclusion of those consultations with the Parliamentarian, I will have a bet-ter opportunity to respond in, hope-fully, a more positive fashion. 
I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. KEATING. I thank the chairman 
for the effort he is going through and the consideration he is giving with this. 
Many times, we have the opportunity 
to talk to families and deal with issues. In this particular instance, we have an opportunity. As I mentioned, we are right on the cusp of very significant re-search. Leveraging a small additional 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:30 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JN7.106 H10JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4067 June 10, 2015 
amount now would have tremendous 
ramifications. 
I was just completely struck by the 
fact that I saw a person—a young boy in his teens, confined to a wheelchair, like so many of those afflicted with this terrible disease have had to suffer through, and as a result of those clin-ical trials, to see that person no longer in a wheelchair and up and ambulatory and walking, those are the type of dra-matic improvements we are on the cusp of right now. 
That is why this amendment just 
seeks to get an incremental increase with that because I think it would be leveraged and have enormous signifi-cance as a result. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. While I con-
tinue to reserve, let me compliment the gentleman on his amendment, as we do further investigation on the off-sets. 
Medical research for diseases that af-
fect our military members and their families are a priority of our com-mittee; you can be sure of that. That is why our bill includes $3.2 million, again, this year for the Duchenne Mus-cular Dystrophy Research Program. 
The committee has provided, which I 
think would be of interest, more than $43 million for this research area since fiscal year 2003, and you have alluded to it, but research breakthroughs in this area will only help those suffering from this debilitating disease, but will also help research in other various muscular and motor neuron diseases. 
I think the research is absolutely es-
sential, and I think we are closer to a resolution of the issue that would allow me to withdraw my reservation. I thank the gentleman for his indul-gence. 
I would be happy to withdraw my res-
ervation of the point of order and sup-port the amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The reservation 
is withdrawn. 
Mr. KEATING. Mr. Chairman, I 
thank the gentleman for his indulgence and patience and the good work he has done in this respect, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Massachusetts (Mr. K
EATING ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
read. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , ARMY 
RESERVE  
For expenses, not otherwise provided for, 
necessary for the operation and mainte-nance, including training, organization, and administration, of the Army Reserve; repair of facilities and equipment; hire of passenger motor vehicles; travel and transportation; care of the dead; recruiting; procurement of services, supplies, and equipment; and com-munications, $2,644,274,000. 
O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , NAVYRESERVE  
For expenses, not otherwise provided for, 
necessary for the operation and mainte-nance, including training, organization, and 
administration, of the Navy Reserve; repair of facilities and equipment; hire of passenger motor vehicles; travel and transportation; care of the dead; recruiting; procurement of services, supplies, and equipment; and com-munications, $999,621,000. 
O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , MARINE CORPS  
RESERVE  
For expenses, not otherwise provided for, 
necessary for the operation and mainte-nance, including training, organization, and administration, of the Marine Corps Reserve; repair of facilities and equipment; hire of passenger motor vehicles; travel and trans-portation; care of the dead; recruiting; pro-curement of services, supplies, and equip-ment; and communications, $276,761,000. 
O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , AIRFORCE  
RESERVE  
For expenses, not otherwise provided for, 
necessary for the operation and mainte-nance, including training, organization, and administration, of the Air Force Reserve; re-pair of facilities and equipment; hire of pas-senger motor vehicles; travel and transpor-tation; care of the dead; recruiting; procure-ment of services, supplies, and equipment; and communications, $2,815,862,000. 
O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , ARMY 
NATIONAL GUARD  
For expenses of training, organizing, and 
administering the Army National Guard, in-cluding medical and hospital treatment and related expenses in non-Federal hospitals; maintenance, operation, and repairs to structures and facilities; hire of passenger motor vehicles; personnel services in the Na-tional Guard Bureau; travel expenses (other than mileage), as authorized by law for Army personnel on active duty, for Army National Guard division, regimental, and battalion commanders while inspecting units in compliance with National Guard Bureau regulations when specifically authorized by the Chief, National Guard Bureau; supplying and equipping the Army National Guard as authorized by law; and expenses of repair, modification, maintenance, and issue of sup-plies and equipment (including aircraft), $6,731,119,000. 
O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , AIRNATIONAL  
GUARD  
For expenses of training, organizing, and 
administering the Air National Guard, in-cluding medical and hospital treatment and related expenses in non-Federal hospitals; maintenance, operation, and repairs to structures and facilities; transportation of things, hire of passenger motor vehicles; sup-plying and equipping the Air National Guard, as authorized by law; expenses for re-pair, modification, maintenance, and issue of supplies and equipment, including those fur-nished from stocks under the control of agencies of the Department of Defense; trav-el expenses (other than mileage) on the same basis as authorized by law for Air National Guard personnel on active Federal duty, for Air National Guard commanders while in-specting units in compliance with National Guard Bureau regulations when specifically authorized by the Chief, National Guard Bu-reau, $6,605,400,000. 
U
NITED STATES COURT OF APPEALS FOR THE  
ARMED FORCES  
For salaries and expenses necessary for the 
United States Court of Appeals for the Armed Forces, $14,078,000, of which not to ex-ceed $5,000 may be used for official represen-tation purposes. 
E
NVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION , ARMY 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  
For the Department of the Army, 
$234,829,000, to remain available until trans-ferred: Provided , That the Secretary of the 
Army shall, upon determining that such funds are required for environmental res-toration, reduction and recycling of haz-ardous waste, removal of unsafe buildings and debris of the Department of the Army, or for similar purposes, transfer the funds made available by this appropriation to other appropriations made available to the Department of the Army, to be merged with and to be available for the same purposes and for the same time period as the appro-priations to which transferred: Provided fur-
ther, That upon a determination that all or 
part of the funds transferred from this appro-priation are not necessary for the purposes provided herein, such amounts may be trans-ferred back to this appropriation: Provided 
further , That the transfer authority provided 
under this heading is in addition to any other transfer authority provided elsewhere in this Act. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MS . JACKSON LEE  
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 13, line 18, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(reduced by $1,000,000)’’. 
Page 36, line 1, after the dollar amount, in-
sert ‘‘(increased by $1,000,000)’’. 
Page 36, line 9, after the dollar amount, in-
sert ‘‘(increased by $1,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 303, the gentlewoman from Texas and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from Texas. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Again, I want to 
begin by thanking the chairman of the subcommittee and the ranking member of the subcommittee and their staff be-cause I have worked on this in past ap-propriations and had the privilege of receiving the support of both the chair and the ranking member on the ques-tion of post-traumatic stress disorder. 
I heard the chairman mention both 
Chairman Young and Chairman Mur-tha. Over the years, I have had the privilege of working with them on this question of post-traumatic stress dis-order. 
I just want to use a little anecdote, 
particularly as it relates to Vietnam vets. Many of us remember Vietnam vets coming back and, some long years later, getting a better understanding of Agent Orange. I remember a Vietnam vet telling me about it, but as he indi-cated, they mentioned it or spoke about it or tried to explain it when they came back directly from Vietnam. 
It was a long time before the under-
standing came about Agent Orange, and in years going forward, there was great medical care needed, medical costs needed, because those veterans had been suffering for a long time. 
We now understand post-traumatic 
stress disorder; and, as I look over the landscape of the last years of war, Op-eration Iraqi Freedom and Operation Enduring Freedom, about 11 to 20 out of every 100 veterans, or 11 to 20 per-cent, who served have post-traumatic stress disorder in any given year. 
In the Gulf war, Operation Desert 
Storm, about 12 out of every 100 Gulf 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:30 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JN7.109 H10JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4068 June 10, 2015 
war veterans who still live have PTSD 
in any given year. In the Vietnam war, about 15 out of every 100 Vietnam vets, or 15 percent, are currently diagnosed with PTSD. In a recent study in the late 1980s, the National Vietnam Vet-erans Readjustment Study stated that it is estimated about 30 out of every 100. 
Other factors contribute to it, and, if 
you listen to individuals who have PTSD, they seek to be part of a normal life and to work and survive and pro-vide for their families. 
My amendment is simple. It adds an 
extra $1 million to increase funding for PTSD. These funds will be used to out-reach activities targeting hard-to- reach veterans, especially those who are homeless and reside in underserved urban and rural areas who suffer from post-traumatic stress disorder. 
I had the privilege a couple of years 
ago to provide a PTSD facility that was offsite of a veterans hospital in a small, community-based hospital. Mr. Chairman, the response from veterans was amazing because they were able to come to an offsite location for coun-seling in PTSD. 
We know that the tragedies of war 
last with men and women for a very long time. I am hoping that my col-leagues will support this amendment again to ease the trauma of the thoughts that these men and women have, the nightmares when they sleep, because they really want to be—as they are—contributing members of so-ciety. 
Again, I ask my colleagues to sup-
port the Jackson Lee amendment. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Will the gen-
tlewoman yield? 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. I yield to the 
gentleman from New Jersey. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Let me com-
mend the gentlewoman for your strong advocacy. 
Just for the record, our bill does pro-
vide $155 million, including a plus up of $1 million above the request level of $55 million, for traumatic brain injury and psychological health research. 
Additionally, our bill includes $676 
million in operation and maintenance funding within the Department of Health program to care for service-members affected by TBI and psycho-logical health injuries. 
We welcome the additional money; 
we accept your amendment, and I com-mend you for your efforts. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Reclaiming my 
time, I applaud the compassion that the chairman and the ranking member have had in the writing of this legisla-tion, highlighting several very impor-tant points needed for our servicemen and -women, and I am grateful for the support of the additional resources, continuing the advocacy for them. 
In closing, let me thank this Con-
gress for the wounded warrior that I have in my office. He is someone who suffers from PTSD. He has been an ex-cellent staff person in reaching out to the veterans throughout my commu-nity. He is an example of the fact that, 
when you have treatment, you can be part of contributing to society, as they all want to be, even with some of the challenges they have. 
Mr. Chair, I want to thank Chairman 
F
RELINGHUYSEN and Ranking Member V IS-
CLOSKY for shepherding this legislation to the 
floor and for their devotion to the men and women of the Armed Forces who risk their lives to keep our nation safe. 
Mr. Chair, thank you for the opportunity to 
explain my amendment, which is virtually iden-tical to an amendment that I offered and was adopted in last year’s Defense Appropriations Act (H.R. 2685). 
My amendment increases funding for the 
PTSD by $1,000,000. These funds should be used toward outreach activities targeting hard to reach veterans, especially those who are homeless or reside in underserved urban and rural areas, who suffer from Post Traumatic 
Stress Disorder (PTSD). 
Mr. Chair, along with traumatic brain injury, 
PTSD is the signature wound suffered by the brave men and women fighting in Afghanistan, Iraq, and far off lands to defend the values and freedom we hold dear. 
For those of us whose daily existence is not 
lived in harm’s way, it is difficult to imagine the horrific images that American servicemen and women deployed in Iraq, Afghanistan, and other theaters of war see on a daily basis. 
In an instant a suicide bomber, an IED, or 
an insurgent can obliterate your best friend and right in front of your face. Yet, you are trained and expected to continue on with the mission, and you do, even though you may not even have reached your 20th birthday. 
But there always comes a reckoning. And it 
usually comes after the stress and trauma of battle is over and you are alone with your thoughts and memories. 
And the horror of those desperate and dan-
gerous encounters with the enemy and your own mortality come flooding back. 
PTSD was first brought to public attention in 
relation to war veterans, but it can result from a variety of traumatic incidents, such as tor-ture, being kidnapped or held captive, bomb-ings, or natural disasters such as floods or earthquakes. 
People with PTSD may startle easily, be-
come emotionally numb (especially in relation to people with whom they used to be close), lose interest in things they used to enjoy, have trouble feeling affectionate, be irritable, be-come more aggressive, or even become vio-lent. 
They avoid situations that remind them of 
the original incident, and anniversaries of the incident are often very difficult. 
Most people with PTSD repeatedly relive 
the trauma in their thoughts during the day and in nightmares when they sleep. These are called flashbacks. A person having a flash-back may lose touch with reality and believe that the traumatic incident is happening all over again. 
Mr. Chair, the fact of the matter is that most 
veterans with PTSD also have other psy-chiatric disorders, which are a consequence of PTSD. These veterans have co-occurring dis-orders, which include depression, alcohol and/ or drug abuse problems, panic, and/or other anxiety disorders. 
My amendment recognizes that these sol-
diers are first and foremost, human. They carry their experiences with them. Ask a veteran of Vietnam, Iraq, or Afghani-
stan about the frequency of nightmares they experience, and one will realize that serving in the Armed Forces leaves a lasting impression, whether good or bad. 
My amendment will help ensure that ‘‘no 
soldier is left behind’’ by addressing the urgent need for more outreach toward hard to reach veterans suffering from PTSD, especially those who are homeless or reside in under-served urban and rural areas of our country. 
I urge my colleagues to support the Jackson 
Lee amendment. 
Mr. Chairman, I ask for support of 
the amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
b1815 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON  
LEE). 
The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
read. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION , NAVY 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  
For the Department of the Navy, 
$300,000,000, to remain available until trans-ferred: Provided , That the Secretary of the 
Navy shall, upon determining that such funds are required for environmental res-toration, reduction and recycling of haz-ardous waste, removal of unsafe buildings and debris of the Department of the Navy, or for similar purposes, transfer the funds made available by this appropriation to other ap-propriations made available to the Depart-ment of the Navy, to be merged with and to be available for the same purposes and for the same time period as the appropriations to which transferred: Provided further , That 
upon a determination that all or part of the funds transferred from this appropriation are not necessary for the purposes provided here-in, such amounts may be transferred back to this appropriation: Provided further , That the 
transfer authority provided under this head-ing is in addition to any other transfer au-thority provided elsewhere in this Act. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . LAMBORN  
Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Chairman, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 14, line 13, after the dollar amount in-
sert the following: ‘‘(reduced by $10,290,000)’’. 
Page 33, line 3, after the dollar amount in-
sert the following: ‘‘(increased by $10,290,000)’’. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair-
man, I reserve a point of order on the gentleman’s amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A point of order 
is reserved. 
Pursuant to House Resolution 303, 
the gentleman from Colorado and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Colorado. 
Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. I will be offering and then with-drawing this amendment because of a point of order on the timing of the budget outlays that we are not able to reconcile at this point in time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:30 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JN7.112 H10JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4069 June 10, 2015 
But I want to thank the chairman of 
the subcommittee, Chairman F RELING -
HUYSEN , and Ranking Member V IS-
CLOSKY , for their leadership. 
Now, this is an important amend-
ment though. My amendment would protect from possible cancellation an innovative program that promises to provide a breakthrough capability for a very small amount of money. 
Right now, if Iran or North Korea 
launches a ballistic missile attack on our homeland, we, unfortunately, have no enhanced way of knowing whether or not our defensive missiles actually hit the target or not. 
That is why the Missile Defense 
Agency is executing a promising and groundbreaking space sensor system called Space-Based Kill Assessment. 
The U.S. desperately needs improved 
sensors in space to provide tracking, discrimination, and more. A robust, multimission space sensor network will be vital to ensuring a strong missile defense program. Without this, we might otherwise waste extremely ex-pensive ground-based interceptors, costing the taxpayer more money, and depleting our limited number of inter-ceptors. 
The Space-based Kill Assessment pro-
gram cannot survive a 50 percent cut. Program cancellation may result, and it would waste taxpayer dollars already invested and would also fail to meet congressional intent to have an initial operating kill assessment capability by 2019. 
This experiment, up until today, has 
had zero scheduling delays since it was conceived in fiscal year 2014. 
Finally, this program is a great ex-
ample of the cost savings and other benefits the government can leverage through commercially-hosted satellite payloads. This program, and other similar efforts, are critical to ensuring that the United States stays ahead of future ballistic missile threats. 
I would hope that this amendment 
would have been adopted because it would take money from a lower pri-ority fund and put it into critical bal-listic missile defense against our home-land. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Will the gen-
tleman yield? 
Mr. LAMBORN. I yield to the gen-
tleman from New Jersey. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Allow me to 
commend the gentleman from Colorado for pointing up the value of what he talks about here. And let me promise to him that I am sure I will be working very closely with Mr. V
ISCLOSKY to see 
what we can do to elevate our invest-ment and our knowledge and support for this program. 
I do appreciate your willingness to 
withdraw the amendment and regret that the outlay issue somewhat has complicated matters on the floor this evening. 
Mr. LAMBORN. Reclaiming my time, 
I appreciate the subcommittee chair-man’s words, and I will certainly work with him on that effort. Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous con-
sent to withdraw my amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection 
to the request of the gentleman from Colorado? 
There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
read. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION , AIRFORCE  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  
For the Department of the Air Force, 
$368,131,000, to remain available until trans-ferred: Provided , That the Secretary of the 
Air Force shall, upon determining that such funds are required for environmental res-toration, reduction and recycling of haz-ardous waste, removal of unsafe buildings and debris of the Department of the Air Force, or for similar purposes, transfer the funds made available by this appropriation to other appropriations made available to the Department of the Air Force, to be merged with and to be available for the same purposes and for the same time period as the appropriations to which transferred: Provided 
further , That upon a determination that all 
or part of the funds transferred from this ap-propriation are not necessary for the pur-poses provided herein, such amounts may be transferred back to this appropriation: Pro-
vided further , That the transfer authority 
provided under this heading is in addition to any other transfer authority provided else-where in this Act. 
E
NVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION , DEFENSE -WIDE 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  
For the Department of Defense, 
$8,232,000, to remain available until trans-ferred: Provided , That the Secretary of De-
fense shall, upon determining that such funds are required for environmental res-toration, reduction and recycling of haz-ardous waste, removal of unsafe buildings and debris of the Department of Defense, or for similar purposes, transfer the funds made available by this appropriation to other ap-propriations made available to the Depart-ment of Defense, to be merged with and to be available for the same purposes and for the same time period as the appropriations to which transferred: Provided further , That 
upon a determination that all or part of the funds transferred from this appropriation are not necessary for the purposes provided here-in, such amounts may be transferred back to this appropriation: Provided further , That the 
transfer authority provided under this head-ing is in addition to any other transfer au-thority provided elsewhere in this Act. 
E
NVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION , FORMERLY  
USEDDEFENSE SITES 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  
For the Department of the Army, 
$228,717,000, to remain available until trans-ferred: Provided , That the Secretary of the 
Army shall, upon determining that such funds are required for environmental res-toration, reduction and recycling of haz-ardous waste, removal of unsafe buildings and debris at sites formerly used by the De-partment of Defense, transfer the funds made available by this appropriation to other ap-propriations made available to the Depart-ment of the Army, to be merged with and to be available for the same purposes and for the same time period as the appropriations to which transferred: Provided further , That 
upon a determination that all or part of the funds transferred from this appropriation are not necessary for the purposes provided here-in, such amounts may be transferred back to this appropriation: Provided further , That the 
transfer authority provided under this head-ing is in addition to any other transfer au-
thority provided elsewhere in this Act. 
O
VERSEAS HUMANITARIAN , DISASTER , AND 
CIVICAID 
For expenses relating to the Overseas 
Humanitarian, Disaster, and Civic Aid pro-grams of the Department of Defense (con-sisting of the programs provided under sec-tions 401, 402, 404, 407, 2557, and 2561 of title 10, United States Code), $103,266,000, to re-main available until September 30, 2017. 
C
OOPERATIVE THREAT REDUCTION ACCOUNT  
For assistance to the republics of the 
former Soviet Union and, with appropriate authorization by the Department of Defense and Department of State, to countries out-side of the former Soviet Union, including assistance provided by contract or by grants, for facilitating the elimination and the safe and secure transportation and storage of nu-clear, chemical and other weapons; for estab-lishing programs to prevent the proliferation of weapons, weapons components, and weap-on-related technology and expertise; for pro-grams relating to the training and support of defense and military personnel for demili-tarization and protection of weapons, weap-ons components, and weapons technology and expertise, and for defense and military contacts, $358,496,000, to remain available until September 30, 2018. 
D
EPARTMENT OF DEFENSE ACQUISITION  
WORKFORCE DEVELOPMENT FUND 
For the Department of Defense Acquisi-
tion Workforce Development Fund, $84,140,000. 
TITLE III 
PROCUREMENT 
A
IRCRAFT PROCUREMENT , ARMY 
For construction, procurement, produc-
tion, modification, and modernization of air-craft, equipment, including ordnance, ground handling equipment, spare parts, and acces-sories therefor; specialized equipment and training devices; expansion of public and pri-vate plants, including the land necessary therefor, for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be ac-quired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; and procurement and installation of equipment, appliances, and machine tools in public and private plants; reserve plant and Government and contractor-owned equipment layaway; and other expenses necessary for the foregoing purposes, $5,336,971,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2018. 
M
ISSILE PROCUREMENT , ARMY 
For construction, procurement, produc-
tion, modification, and modernization of missiles, equipment, including ordnance, ground handling equipment, spare parts, and accessories therefor; specialized equipment and training devices; expansion of public and private plants, including the land necessary therefor, for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be ac-quired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; and procurement and installation of equipment, appliances, and machine tools in public and private plants; reserve plant and Government and contractor-owned equipment layaway; and other expenses necessary for the foregoing purposes, $1,160,482,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2018. 
P
ROCUREMENT OF WEAPONS AND TRACKED  
COMBAT VEHICLES , ARMY 
For construction, procurement, produc-
tion, and modification of weapons and tracked combat vehicles, equipment, includ-ing ordnance, spare parts, and accessories therefor; specialized equipment and training devices; expansion of public and private 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:30 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JN7.116 H10JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4070 June 10, 2015 
plants, including the land necessary there-
for, for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; and procurement and in-stallation of equipment, appliances, and ma-chine tools in public and private plants; re-serve plant and Government and contractor- owned equipment layaway; and other ex-penses necessary for the foregoing purposes, $1,805,773,000, to remain available for obliga-tion until September 30, 2018. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . HECK OF NEVADA  
Mr. HECK of Nevada. Mr. Chairman, 
I have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 20, line 17, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(reduced by $100,000,000) (increased by $100,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 303, the gentleman from Nevada and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Nevada. 
Mr. HECK of Nevada. Mr. Chairman, 
my amendment would direct the Army to prioritize the modernization of the oldest Bradley Fighting Vehicles in the fleet. 
The Army maintains a program to 
modify and standardize its Bradley Fleet to two digital configurations, the M2A3 and the M2A2 ODS–SA. These two variants are the most advanced versions of the Bradley Fighting Vehi-cle and provide our soldiers significant improvements in survivability and force protection. 
These upgrades feature advanced 
digitized electronics to provide troops with optimal situational awareness, network connectivity, and enhanced communication hardware within the heavy brigade combat team. 
Almost all units within the Active 
Army components and prepositioned stocks are fielded with these digital configurations. Unfortunately, there are still National Guard units that have not yet received these upgrades and are fielded with obsolete, non-standard, nondigital M2A2 Operation Desert Storm variants. 
Maintaining these outdated vehicles 
within the National Guard will se-verely restrict our servicemembers’ ability to maintain proficiency in the technical requirements necessary to operate the advanced digital Bradleys utilized in combat operations. 
This will result in significant deg-
radation of combat effectiveness of these units and poses a significant risk to units who deploy with the older Bradley variant, or train on the older variant but fall in on the newer models in theater. 
Furthermore, servicemembers within 
these units will face significant and un-necessary challenges in maintaining their Military Occupational Specialty qualifications. 
Mr. Chairman, the Army has an ex-
isting program of record for the re-manufacturing of Bradley vehicles to attain updated digital configurations. It exists within the President’s budget 
under Procurement of Weapons and Tracked Vehicles: Bradley Modifica-tions. 
This year’s budget request includes 
$225 million for Bradley modifications. Unfortunately, none of these funds were designated for the Bradley Fight-ing Vehicles digital upgrades. In fact, the President’s budget does not provide funding for these upgrades over the en-tire FYDP. 
So it is unclear whether or not these 
Operation Desert Storm-era Bradley vehicles will ever receive the upgrades necessary to make them combat effec-tive or adequate training platforms. It is for this reason I am offering this amendment. 
My amendment would designate and 
fence off $100 million of the $1.8 billion under the Army’s procurement of weapons and tracked combat vehicles accounts to prioritize and upgrade the oldest Bradley Fighting Vehicles in the fleet. This is 0.005 percent of the total appropriation. 
The $100 million is less than half of 
what is necessary to upgrade the re-maining nondigital, nonstandard variants, but it is an important step to ensuring that the combat formations within our National Guard maintain the combat effectiveness and readiness they have attained over the last dec-ade. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair-
man, I very much regret that I must rise in opposition to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from New Jersey is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I very much 
regret that I rise in opposition to the amendment, knowing what a strong supporter of our national defense the gentleman from Nevada is and what a strong supporter he is of the National Guard, not only across the Nation, but in his own State. And I regret even more so since we have been talking about this for several weeks. I feel badly that I have to rise. 
The amendment, as the gentleman 
has stated, directs the Secretary of the Army to repurpose approximately one- half of the $225 million in the budget request that was requested and in-cluded for the Bradley Fighting Vehi-cle Upgrade Program. 
The amendment would direct the 
Army to revise the schedule for the Bradley Upgrade Program by accel-erating the schedule for providing more modern Bradley Fighting Vehicles to the 1st Squadron of the 221st Armored Cavalry of the Nevada National Guard, which I am sure is most deserving be-cause, as he said, they have the oldest of the oldest. 
Having said that, the schedule 
change would disrupt, as I am advised, a carefully synchronized plan for Abrams Tank and Bradley Fighting Ve-hicle modernization and would cause production breaks at both manufac-
turing lines. 
The production break would also add 
significant startup costs to the Bradley Engineering Change Proposal 2. In other words, this amendment would throw out of balance the Army-wide armor modernization plans and drive up costs in order for one squadron of one State’s Guard forces to receive more modern vehicles. 
As you can tell, Mr. Chairman, from 
my rather convoluted response, I am prepared to work with the gentleman from Nevada to assist him, but at this point, I need to regretfully oppose his amendment. 
Mr. VISCLOSKY. Will the gentleman 
yield? 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I yield to the 
gentleman from Indiana. 
Mr. VISCLOSKY. I appreciate the 
chairman’s offer to work with the gen-tleman as we proceed but would asso-ciate myself with the chairman’s con-cerns relative to the amendment that has been offered and, particularly, with an emphasis to the break in produc-tion, which I think is a very serious issue. 
So I do want to associate myself with 
the chairman’s concerns and objection that he has raised, but again, his will-ingness to work with the gentleman in the future. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Reclaiming 
my time, I do recommend a ‘‘no’’ vote, but I certainly make a, I hope, valid offer to work with the gentleman be-cause I know that he is going to be working on me to make sure that this occurs, and I want to be helpful to him. I thank the gentleman. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HECK of Nevada. Thank you 
both, Mr. Chairman and ranking mem-ber, for your offer to work with me to try to rectify the situation where we have an important National Guard unit that is dealing with and working with Desert Storm-era Bradley Fighting Ve-hicles and, yet, expected to be ready to deploy on to the newer materiel in the-ater should they ever be called. 
With your assurance to work with me 
on this effort, I appreciate that. 
I ask unanimous consent to withdraw 
my amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection 
to the request of the gentleman from Nevada? 
There was no objection. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
read. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
PROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION , ARMY 
For construction, procurement, produc-
tion, and modification of ammunition, and accessories therefor; specialized equipment and training devices; expansion of public and private plants, including ammunition facili-ties, authorized by section 2854 of title 10, United States Code, and the land necessary therefor, for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be ac-quired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; and procurement and installation of equipment, appliances, and machine tools in public and private 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:30 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JN7.049 H10JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4071 June 10, 2015 
plants; reserve plant and Government and 
contractor-owned equipment layaway; and other expenses necessary for the foregoing purposes, $1,007,778,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2018. 
O
THER PROCUREMENT , ARMY 
For construction, procurement, produc-
tion, and modification of vehicles, including tactical, support, and non-tracked combat vehicles; the purchase of passenger motor ve-hicles for replacement only; communications and electronic equipment; other support equipment; spare parts, ordnance, and acces-sories therefor; specialized equipment and training devices; expansion of public and pri-vate plants, including the land necessary therefor, for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be ac-quired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; and procurement and installation of equipment, appliances, and machine tools in public and private plants; reserve plant and Government and contractor-owned equipment layaway; and other expenses necessary for the foregoing purposes, $5,230,677,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2018. 
A
IRCRAFT PROCUREMENT , NAVY 
For construction, procurement, produc-
tion, modification, and modernization of air-craft, equipment, including ordnance, spare parts, and accessories therefor; specialized equipment; expansion of public and private plants, including the land necessary there-for, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction pros-ecuted thereon prior to approval of title; and procurement and installation of equipment, appliances, and machine tools in public and private plants; reserve plant and Govern-ment and contractor-owned equipment lay-away, $16,871,819,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2018. 
W
EAPONS PROCUREMENT , NAVY 
For construction, procurement, produc-
tion, modification, and modernization of missiles, torpedoes, other weapons, and re-lated support equipment including spare parts, and accessories therefor; expansion of public and private plants, including the land necessary therefor, and such lands and inter-ests therein, may be acquired, and construc-tion prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; and procurement and installation of equipment, appliances, and machine tools in public and private plants; reserve plant and Government and contractor-owned equip-ment layaway, $2,998,541,000, to remain avail-able for obligation until September 30, 2018. 
P
ROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION , NAVY AND  
MARINE CORPS  
For construction, procurement, produc-
tion, and modification of ammunition, and accessories therefor; specialized equipment and training devices; expansion of public and private plants, including ammunition facili-ties, authorized by section 2854 of title 10, United States Code, and the land necessary therefor, for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be ac-quired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; and procurement and installation of equipment, appliances, and machine tools in public and private plants; reserve plant and Government and contractor-owned equipment layaway; and other expenses necessary for the foregoing purposes, $559,141,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2018. 
S
HIPBUILDING AND CONVERSION , NAVY 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  
For expenses necessary for the construc-
tion, acquisition, or conversion of vessels as authorized by law, including armor and ar-mament thereof, plant equipment, appli-ances, and machine tools and installation 
thereof in public and private plants; reserve plant and Government and contractor-owned equipment layaway; procurement of critical, long lead time components and designs for vessels to be constructed or converted in the future; and expansion of public and private plants, including land necessary therefor, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted there-on prior to approval of title, as follows: 
Carrier Replacement Program, 
$1,559,977,000; 
Carrier Replacement Program (AP-CY), 
$874,658,000; 
Virginia Class Submarine, $3,346,370,000; Virginia Class Submarine (AP), 
$1,971,840,000; 
CVN Refueling Overhaul, $637,588,000; CVN Refueling Overhauls (AP), 
$14,951,000; 
DDG–091000 Program, $433,404,000; DDG–0951 Destroyer, $3,012,904,000; Littoral Combat Ship, $1,347,411,000; LPD–0917, $550,000,000; Afloat Forward Staging Base, 
$635,000,000; 
LHA Replacement (AP-CY), $277,543,000; TAO Fleet Oiler, $674,190,000; Moored Training Ship (AP), $138,200,000; Ship to Shore Connector, $255,630,000; Service Craft, $30,014,000; YP Craft Maintenance ROH/SLEP, 
$21,838,000; 
LCAC Service Life Extension Program, 
$80,738,000; and 
For outfitting, post delivery, conver-
sions, and first destination transportation, $601,008,000. 
Completion of Prior Year Shipbuilding 
Programs, $389,305,000. 
In all: $16,852,569,000, to remain available 
for obligation until September 30, 2020, of 
which $389,305,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2016, to fund completion of prior year shipbuilding programs: Pro-
vided , That amounts made available for prior 
year shipbuilding programs may be trans-ferred to and merged with appropriations made available for such purposes in prior Acts: Provided further , That additional obli-
gations may be incurred after September 30, 2020, for engineering services, tests, evalua-tions, and other such budgeted work that must be performed in the final stage of ship construction: Provided further , That none of 
the funds provided under this heading for the construction or conversion of any naval ves-sel to be constructed in shipyards in the United States shall be expended in foreign facilities for the construction of major com-ponents of such vessel: Provided further , That 
none of the funds provided under this head-ing shall be used for the construction of any naval vessel in foreign shipyards. 
O
THER PROCUREMENT , NAVY 
For procurement, production, and mod-
ernization of support equipment and mate-rials not otherwise provided for, Navy ord-nance (except ordnance for new aircraft, new ships, and ships authorized for conversion); the purchase of passenger motor vehicles for replacement only; expansion of public and private plants, including the land necessary therefor, and such lands and interests there-in, may be acquired, and construction pros-ecuted thereon prior to approval of title; and procurement and installation of equipment, appliances, and machine tools in public and private plants; reserve plant and Govern-ment and contractor-owned equipment lay-away, $6,696,715,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2018. 
P
ROCUREMENT , MARINE CORPS  
For expenses necessary for the procure-
ment, manufacture, and modification of mis-siles, armament, military equipment, spare parts, and accessories therefor; plant equip-
ment, appliances, and machine tools, and in-stallation thereof in public and private plants; reserve plant and Government and contractor-owned equipment layaway; vehi-cles for the Marine Corps, including the pur-chase of passenger motor vehicles for re-placement only; and expansion of public and private plants, including land necessary therefor, and such lands and interests there-in, may be acquired, and construction pros-ecuted thereon prior to approval of title, $973,084,000, to remain available for obliga-tion until September 30, 2018. 
A
IRCRAFT PROCUREMENT , AIRFORCE  
For construction, procurement, and 
modification of aircraft and equipment, in-cluding armor and armament, specialized ground handling equipment, and training de-vices, spare parts, and accessories therefor; specialized equipment; expansion of public and private plants, Government-owned equipment and installation thereof in such plants, erection of structures, and acquisi-tion of land, for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be ac-quired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; reserve plant and Government and contractor-owned equip-ment layaway; and other expenses necessary for the foregoing purposes including rents and transportation of things, $14,224,475,000, to remain available for obligation until Sep-tember 30, 2018: Provided , That of the funds 
provided under this heading for F-35A Joint Strike Fighter airframes and contractor fur-nished equipment, no more than the amount necessary to fully fund procurement of 36 airframes and associated contractor fur-nished equipment may be obligated until the Secretary of Defense certifies to the congres-sional defense committees that the Depart-ment of Defense has accepted Autonomic Lo-gistics Information System equipment that meets requirements to support a declaration of Air Force initial operating capability for the Joint Strike Fighter. 
M
ISSILE PROCUREMENT , AIRFORCE  
For construction, procurement, and 
modification of missiles, rockets, and related equipment, including spare parts and acces-sories therefor; ground handling equipment, and training devices; expansion of public and private plants, Government-owned equip-ment and installation thereof in such plants, erection of structures, and acquisition of land, for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; reserve plant and Govern-ment and contractor-owned equipment lay-away; and other expenses necessary for the foregoing purposes including rents and trans-portation of things, $2,334,165,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2018. 
S
PACE PROCUREMENT , AIRFORCE  
For construction, procurement, produc-
tion, and modification of spacecraft, rockets, and related equipment, including spare parts and accessories therefor; ground handling equipment, and training devices; expansion of public and private plants, Government- owned equipment and installation thereof in such plants, erection of structures, and ac-quisition of land, for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted there-on prior to approval of title; reserve plant and Government and contractor-owned equipment layaway; and other expenses nec-essary for the foregoing purposes including rents and transportation of things, $1,935,034,000, to remain available for obliga-
tion until September 30, 2018. 
P
ROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION , AIRFORCE  
For construction, procurement, produc-
tion, and modification of ammunition, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:30 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JN7.052 H10JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4072 June 10, 2015 
accessories therefor; specialized equipment 
and training devices; expansion of public and private plants, including ammunition facili-ties, authorized by section 2854 of title 10, United States Code, and the land necessary therefor, for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be ac-quired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; and procurement and installation of equipment, appliances, and machine tools in public and private plants; reserve plant and Government and contractor-owned equipment layaway; and other expenses necessary for the foregoing purposes, $253,496,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2018. 
O
THER PROCUREMENT , AIRFORCE  
For procurement and modification of 
equipment (including ground guidance and electronic control equipment, and ground electronic and communication equipment), and supplies, materials, and spare parts therefor, not otherwise provided for; the pur-chase of passenger motor vehicles for re-placement only; lease of passenger motor ve-hicles; and expansion of public and private plants, Government-owned equipment and installation thereof in such plants, erection of structures, and acquisition of land, for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and inter-ests therein, may be acquired, and construc-tion prosecuted thereon, prior to approval of title; reserve plant and Government and con-tractor-owned equipment layaway, $15,098,950,000, to remain available for obliga-tion until September 30, 2018. 
b1830 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . LATTA  
Mr. LATTA. Mr. Chairman, I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 30, line 17, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(increased by $35,000,000)’’. 
Page 33, line 3, after the dollar amount, in-
sert ‘‘(reduced by $49,000,000)’’. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair-
man, I reserve a point of order on the gentleman’s amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A point of order 
is reserved. 
Pursuant to House Resolution 303, 
the gentleman from Ohio and a Mem-ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Ohio. 
Mr. LATTA. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
today to offer an amendment, and I will later withdraw that amendment. 
The amendment I am offering today 
is a simple, commonsense amendment that fulfills a critical need for our Air National Guard, who stand watch while performing the 24/7 Aerospace Control Alert mission as diligently today as they have after the attacks on 9/11. This mission is carried out by several Guard units across the country, includ-ing the 180th Fighter Wing in Toledo, Ohio, whom I have the great honor to represent, and by the D.C. Air National Guard, who are less than 15 miles away from this Capitol. These servicemen and -women also serve in combat the-ater operations overseas when they are called upon and play a vital role in fighting foreign threats. 
This amendment would provide fund-
ing for an additional ARC–210 or equiv-alent radio in the Air National Guard’s 
F–16s. These radios have a capability for secure line-of-sight and beyond line-of-sight communication, providing the ability to securely communicate with ground forces and command and control. However, one radio in the air-craft does not allow for the simulta-neous contact with them. 
Currently, Air National Guard F–16s 
only have one ARC–210 radio that works on an ultrahigh frequency band, and it is this band that most command and control and air traffic control agencies use. An additional second radio will simultaneously allow Air Na-tional Guard F–16s to communicate with command and control agencies and coalition troops on the ground in places like Iraq and Afghanistan and dense threat environments. 
Members of the Air National Guard, 
along with fulfilling their duties of protecting our borders against those who wish to do us harm, also deploy with our Active Duty military, side by side, on the front lines in overseas con-flicts. In fact, the request to have these additional radios comes from the com-bat commanders in such theaters around the world. So not only is this needed at home, but also abroad. The Air National Guard designates the need to have this capability as ‘‘critical.’’ 
My offset for this amendment is the 
Defense Rapid Innovation program, a program intended to take off-the-shelf technology and put it in the hands of the warfighter as soon as possible. My amendment would do just that. It takes low-cost existing technology and puts it to work for our warfighters today. 
As I said, I am prepared to withdraw 
the amendment, but I want to say I want to commend the gentleman from New Jersey and his committee staff and all the members of the committee for their hard work on this legislation. 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair-
man, I rise in opposition to speak on the gentleman’s amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from New Jersey is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair-
man, I rise to thank the gentleman from Ohio for his strong support of na-tional defense, his incredible dedica-tion to the National Guard, and his great service to the State of Ohio. 
His amendment, while it will be with-
drawn, as he said, is intended to pro-vide radio equipment for the Air Na-tional Guard F–16s but was only re-cently brought to our committee’s at-tention. Should the Air Guard choose to purchase the ARC–210 radios with NGREA funding, which the committee has provided quite a lot of money for, the committee would support their de-cision. 
We are sensitive to the need of the 
Air Guard, yet the committee needs to do its due diligence. Ranking Member V
ISCLOSKY and I look forward to work-ing with you and your staff on this im-
portant issue, as we have already been doing, and appreciate your indulgence and willingness to withdraw the amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. LATTA. I thank the gentleman 
for his willingness and especially for his dedication and support for our Air National Guard. 
Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous con-
sent to withdraw the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection 
to the request of the gentleman from Ohio? 
There was no objection. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . BRIDENSTINE  
Mr. BRIDENSTINE. Mr. Chair, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 30, line 17, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(reduced by $25,000,000)’’. 
Page 33, line 3, after the dollar amount, in-
sert ‘‘(increased by $25,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 303, the gentleman from Oklahoma and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Oklahoma. 
Mr. BRIDENSTINE. Mr. Chairman, I 
thank the distinguished chairman of the Defense Appropriations Sub-committee for bringing this bill to the floor. 
The Bridenstine-Rogers-Turner-Poe 
amendment is not a reflection of con-cern with what is a good bill under the circumstances. The Bridenstine-Rog-ers-Turner-Poe amendment would ap-propriate $25 million to fund military responses to Russia’s continuing viola-tion of the 1987 Intermediate-Range Nuclear Forces Treaty, the INF Trea-ty. This is the exact same amount that the House Armed Services Committee, the HASC, authorized recently in a bi-partisan and noncontroversial provi-sion in H.R. 1735, which passed the House Armed Services Committee on a 60–2 vote. 
Senior DOD officials, from the Sec-
retary of Defense to lesser Senate-con-firmed officials, have testified that the United States is considering a range of military options to respond to Russia’s violation of the INF Treaty. DOD de-fines these as countervailing and counterforce options. What do these in-clude? 
Number one, extending the range of 
the Army’s current Army Tactical Mis-sile System, ATacMS; land-basing Tomahawk or otherwise modifying similar capabilities; and also other ca-pabilities per classified DOD reporting. 
The emphasis should be on modifying 
current systems as opposed to devel-oping brand-new capabilities, which would take longer and cost far more. 
This amendment is imperative to en-
suring that another year isn’t allowed to go by before Russia’s President, Vladimir Putin, is made to understand that he cannot profit by his violation of the INF Treaty. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:30 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00066 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JN7.052 H10JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4073 June 10, 2015 
As The New York Times reported on 
June 5, following the submission of the most recent State Department annual report on arms control compliance: ‘‘American officials have made no dis-cernible headway in persuading the Russians to acknowledge the compli-ance problem, let alone resolve it. . . . In December, the Pentagon told Con-gress that it had developed a range of military options to pressure Russia to remedy the violation or neutralize any advantages it might gain if diplomatic efforts fail. Brian P. McKeon, a senior Pentagon official, told Congress that . . . if a diplomatic solution was not found, ‘This violation will not go unan-swered.’’’ 
Mr. Chairman, I urge the support of 
all Members for the Bridenstine-Rog-ers-Turner-Poe amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chair, I rise in 
opposition to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Indiana is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chair, I appre-
ciate the gentleman’s concern relative to Russia and his desire to make sure that they do abide by the existing trea-ty. 
Certainly, I would acknowledge that 
they have invaded the country of Ukraine. They control a quarter of that country’s industrial production, and as the gentleman has indicated, are very concerned about their viola-tion potentially of the treaty that ex-ists. 
My concern is that the gentleman’s 
amendment is premature. He is abso-lutely correct that the authorizing committee in this body did pass legis-lation that you are trying to address with your amendment. The other body has not yet acted. 
Additionally, I would point out—and 
again, I think the gentleman is abso-lutely correct—that DOD is consid-ering a range of options. You have enu-merated at least three of them, I think, very correctly. 
Again, I think it is premature, given 
the fact that we are still, as a country, considering what options should be uti-lized to deal with this very serious question that the gentleman raises. Given the fact that we don’t have di-rect authorization and we are consid-ering options, while I agree with the intent, I would have to object to the timing of the gentleman’s amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BRIDENSTINE. Mr. Chair, I 
would just argue that, while it is true that the other body has not acted on this yet, it is also true that this body has already acted in the Defense Au-thorization bill. It came through com-mittee, and certainly it had over-whelming support in committee and overwhelming support on the floor of the House. 
I think that the will of this body 
ought to be done by all of my col-leagues supporting this very important amendment and to make sure that Russia understands that they cannot 
go unchecked when they violate a trea-ty of this magnitude. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chair, I will 
simply conclude by again expressing sympathy for the aim of the gentleman but pointing out that to appropriate money, we need authority. We do not yet have that, given the absence of ac-tion by the Senate and signature of the authorization into law by the Presi-dent. I would ask my colleagues to op-pose the gentleman’s amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. M
OONEY of 
West Virginia). The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. B
RIDENSTINE ). 
The amendment was rejected. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
read. 
The Clerk read as follows. 
PROCUREMENT , DEFENSE -WIDE 
For expenses of activities and agencies of 
the Department of Defense (other than the military departments) necessary for procure-ment, production, and modification of equip-ment, supplies, materials, and spare parts therefor, not otherwise provided for; the pur-chase of passenger motor vehicles for re-placement only; expansion of public and pri-vate plants, equipment, and installation thereof in such plants, erection of struc-tures, and acquisition of land for the fore-going purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; reserve plant and Government and con-tractor-owned equipment layaway, $5,143,095,000, to remain available for obliga-tion until September 30, 2018. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MS . JACKSON LEE  
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 31, line 7, after the dollar amount, in-
sert ‘‘(reduced by $10,000,000)’’. 
Page 36, line 1, after the dollar amount, in-
sert ‘‘(increased by $10,000,000)’’. 
Page 36, line 9, after the dollar amount, in-
sert ‘‘(increased by $10,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 303, the gentlewoman from Texas and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from Texas. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, I 
would like to thank the staff, first, for working with Members and getting Members in order to be able to present their amendments; and then I want to thank the chairman and the ranking member for their understanding of this amendment and, again, make the point that this amendment that I am offer-ing at this time I have been able to work on with the appropriators over the years. 
I am a breast cancer survivor, and as 
I, myself, was going through that pe-riod, I met women who were experi-encing triple negative, which is a very deadly aspect of breast cancer. 
My amendment increases funding for 
Defense Health Program’s research and development by $10 million, and these funds will address the question of 
breast cancer in the United States military. 
Just the fact, to take note of the 
point, that more than 800 women have been wounded in Iraq and Afghanistan, according to the Army Times, 874 mili-tary women were diagnosed with breast cancer just between 2000 and 2001. 
My amendment will add additional 
research dealing with this question. And the good news is that, when the military research component works on this, there is a great possibility of moving forward. 
Breast cancer strikes relatively 
young military women at an alarming rate, but male servicemembers, vet-erans, and their dependents are at risk as well. 
‘‘‘Military people in general, and in 
some cases very specifically, are at a significantly greater risk for con-tracting breast cancer,’ says Dr. Rich-ard Clapp, a top cancer expert at Bos-ton University. Clapp, who works for the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention on military breast cancer issues, says life in the military can mean exposure to a witch’s brew of risk factors directly linked to greater chances of getting breast cancer.’’ 
Just a moment about the triple-nega-
tive breast cancer, when I saw first-hand a very wonderful professional in my community go very quickly, first at the diagnosis and then the short- term survival that she experienced. 
It is a term used to describe breast 
cancer whose cells do not have estro-gen receptors and progesterone recep-tors and do not have an excess of the HER2 protein on their cell membrane of tumor cells. 
So what does that mean? TNBC ac-
counts for between 13 and 25 percent of all breast cancer in the United States. It is a higher grade, onset is younger, is more aggressive, and is likely to me-tastasize. 
Currently, 70 percent of women with 
metastatic triple-negative breast can-cer do not live more than 5 years after being diagnosed, and it impacts various ethnicities and ethnic groups in a far different way. 
b1845 
We find that African American 
women are more likely to be diagnosed with large tumors, but it impacts women of all backgrounds, racial back-grounds as well. 
So I ask my colleagues to consider 
this amendment that I have had the privilege of offering in years past. Might they also take note of the fact that the amendment would not change the overall level of budget authority, and it would lower the overall level of outlays. 
I ask my colleagues to support the 
Jackson Lee amendment. 
I add this article into the R
ECORD , ‘‘A 
New Drug for Triple Negative Breast Cancers Seems Promising,’’ dated June 5, 2015. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:30 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00067 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JN7.124 H10JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4074 June 10, 2015 
Again, the research that the United 
States military can do under the re-search development test and evalua-tion is powerful. There are many women and men in the military and many women throughout the Nation and around the world who would ben-efit greatly from the additional focus on this very deadly disease, deadly form of breast cancer. 
Mr. Chair, I want to thank Chairman 
F
RELINGHUYSEN and Ranking Member V IS-
CLOSKY for shepherding this legislation to the 
floor and for their devotion to the men and women of the Armed Forces who risk their lives to keep our nation safe. 
Mr. Chair, thank you for the opportunity to 
explain my amendment, which is identical to an amendment that I offered and was adopted in last year’s Defense Appropriations Act (H.R. 4870). 
My amendment increases funding for the 
Defense Health Program’s research and de-velopment by $10 million. These funds will ad-dress the question of breast cancer in the United States military. 
Women in the military have had to fight bat-
tles against Triple Negative Breast cancer and far too many of them are losing the battle. 
My amendment is designed to advance the 
study of triple negative breast cancer which is an aggressive and deadly type of breast can-cer. 
Currently, 70% of women with metastatic tri-
ple negative breast cancer do not live more than five years after being diagnosed. TNBC accounts for between 13% and 25% of all breast cancer in the United States. 
It is essential to support research to identify 
multifaceted targeted treatments for this type of breast cancer. 
TNBC is an extremely deadly form of breast 
cancer. 
Unlike traditional forms of breast cancer 
there are no targeted treatments for TNBC. 
Additional research is necessary to find the 
molecular cause for TNBC in order to develop an effective treatment regime. 
It is only in the last few years that profes-
sionals studying breast cancer have concluded that breast cancer is not one disease, but many different forms of cancer all originating in the breast. 
Triple-negative breast cancer (TNBC) is a 
term used to describe breast cancers whose cells do not have estrogen receptors and pro-gesterone receptors, and do not have an ex-cess of the HER2 protein on their cell mem-brane of tumor cells 
Triple Negative Breast Cancer (TNBC) 
cells: TNBC accounts for between 13% and 25% of all breast cancer in the United States; usually of a higher grade and size; onset at a younger age; are more aggressive; and are more likely to metastasize. 
Currently, 70% of women with metastatic 
triple negative breast cancer do not live more than five years after being diagnosed. 
African American women are 3 times more 
likely to develop triple-negative breast can-cer than White women. 
African-American women have prevalence 
TNBC of 26% vs. 16% in non-African Ameri-cans women. 
The survival rate for breast cancer has in-
creased to 90% for White women but only 78% for African American Women. 
African-American women are more likely 
to be diagnosed with larger tumors and more advanced stages of breast cancer. 
Currently no targeted treatment for TNBC 
exists. Breast cancers with specific, targeted 
treatment methods, such as hormone and gene based strains, have higher survival rates than the triple negative subtype, high-lighting the need for a targeted treatment. 
There continues to be a need for research 
funding for biomarker selection, drug dis-covery, and clinical trial designs that will lead to the early detection of TNBC and to the development of multiple targeted thera-pies to treat this awful disease. 
Depending on its stage of diagnosis, triple 
negative breast cancer can be extremely ag-gressive and more likely to recur and metasta-size than other subtypes of breast cancer. 
It typically is responsive to chemotherapy, 
although it can be more difficult to treat be-cause it is unresponsive to the most effective receptor targeted treatments. 
There is no question that researchers are 
increasingly recognizing the importance of TNBC as an entity and focusing their efforts on several key areas. 
On June 5, 2015, it was reported that ‘‘A 
New Drug For Triple Negative Breast Cancer Seems Promising—Enzalutamide.’’ 
Research on effective treatment options for 
triple negative breast cancer is critically need to improve the survival rates of women who are diagnosed with the disease. 
We must also improve upon tests that can 
detect triple negative breast cancer while it is in its early stages, which could increase sur-vival rates. 
I urge my colleagues to support the Jackson 
Lee Amendment. 
[From The Inquisitr, June 7, 2015] 
A NEWDRUGFORTRIPLE NEGATIVE BREAST  
CANCER SEEMS PROMISING —ENZALUTAMIDE  
Breast cancer. The two words strike fear in 
nearly everyone’s heart, as, by far, it is the most common cancer that women can get. In fact, one-out-of-eight women will be diag-nosed at some point in their lives. Early de-tection remains the most important tool we have against fighting breast cancer, but it’s only one tool. Not at all tests reliably show all breast cancers in their early stages, and many breast cancers are not detected until they begin to metastasize, or spread to re-mote locations in the body, which makes them incurable. They can be treated, but it is medically deemed impossible to cure at that point in time, with various metastatic lesions having to be handled as they appear— which means more chemo, more radiation, more lost quality of life. 
What many people don’t realize is that 
there are actually several kinds of breast cancer—not all are the same or are treated the same. Many breast cancers have hor-mone receptors which are considered easier to treat the other types, because when bio-logical therapy denies the tumor of the par-ticular hormone that feeds it, the tumor dies. 
Triple-negative breast cancer, however, 
does not respond to hormone or biological therapies—that’s because the tumor does not have those receptors. It also is a particularly aggressive cancer that usually strikes women in their childbearing years and moves quickly to the brain and bones. Lumpectomies, Mastectomies, chemo-therapy, and radiation have been the medical standard, but often with dismal results—the five year prognosis for triple-negative breast cancer is not good. 
However, a new drug on the market seems 
promising in the fight against this disease that takes far too many young women. A drug used to treat prostate cancer in men seems promising—called Enzalutamide— shows promise in a subset of women with ad-vanced triple-negative breast cancer. For 
women whose tumors express the androgen receptor (approximately 40 percent) the drug shrank or stopped tumor activity. 
Tiffany Traina, a medical oncologist at 
Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center in New York, who specializes in breast cancer, spoke about the trial which included 118 women, 47 percent of which had triple-nega-tive breast cancer with androgen receptors. 
‘‘Enzalutamide is an oral therapy and ex-
tremely well tolerated. We are seeing im-pressive improvements in progression-free survival [PFS] and in the clinical benefit rate. AR by immunohistochemistry is not perfect in predicting who is going to respond. This is not the whole story. We found that even those with really low AR expression level have had great responses [on trial. Combining AR expression with the gene sig-nature has allowed us to enrich for the popu-lation that appears to truly benefit from enzalutamide. This is the most exciting data we have had in triple-negative breast cancer and certainly supports moving this therapy forward in development.’’ 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. I ask my col-
leagues to support the Jackson Lee amendment. Again, I thank the staff, the chairman, and the ranking member for their commitment to the better-ment of the lives of our young men and women in the United States military. 
Mr. Chairman, with that, I yield back 
the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON  
LEE). 
The amendment was agreed to. The Clerk will read. The Clerk read as follows: 
DEFENSE PRODUCTION ACTPURCHASES  
For activities by the Department of De-
fense pursuant to sections 108, 301, 302, and 303 of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. App. 2078, 2091, 2092, and 2093), $76,680,000, to remain available until ex-pended. 
TITLE IV 
RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST AND 
EVALUATION 
R
ESEARCH , DEVELOPMENT , TEST AND  
EVALUATION , ARMY 
For expenses necessary for basic and ap-
plied scientific research, development, test and evaluation, including maintenance, re-habilitation, lease, and operation of facili-ties and equipment, $7,372,047,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2017. 
R
ESEARCH , DEVELOPMENT , TEST AND  
EVALUATION , NAVY 
For expenses necessary for basic and ap-
plied scientific research, development, test and evaluation, including maintenance, re-habilitation, lease, and operation of facili-ties and equipment, $17,237,724,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2017: Provided , That funds appropriated in 
this paragraph which are available for the V– 22 may be used to meet unique operational requirements of the Special Operations Forces. 
R
ESEARCH , DEVELOPMENT , TEST AND  
EVALUATION , AIRFORCE  
For expenses necessary for basic and ap-
plied scientific research, development, test and evaluation, including maintenance, re-habilitation, lease, and operation of facili-ties and equipment, $23,163,152,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2017. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:30 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00068 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JN7.128 H10JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4075 June 10, 2015 
RESEARCH , DEVELOPMENT , TEST AND  
EVALUATION , DEFENSE -WIDE 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  
For expenses of activities and agencies of 
the Department of Defense (other than the military departments), necessary for basic and applied scientific research, development, test and evaluation; advanced research projects as may be designated and deter-mined by the Secretary of Defense, pursuant to law; maintenance, rehabilitation, lease, and operation of facilities and equipment, $18,207,171,000, to remain available for obliga-tion until September 30, 2017: Provided , That 
of the funds made available in this para-graph, $250,000,000 for the Defense Rapid In-novation Program shall only be available for expenses, not otherwise provided for, to in-clude program management and oversight, to conduct research, development, test and evaluation to include proof of concept dem-onstration; engineering, testing, and valida-tion; and transition to full-scale production: Provided further , That the Secretary of De-
fense may transfer funds provided herein for the Defense Rapid Innovation Program to appropriations for research, development, test and evaluation to accomplish the pur-pose provided herein: Provided further , That 
this transfer authority is in addition to any other transfer authority available to the De-partment of Defense: Provided further , That 
the Secretary of Defense shall, not fewer than 30 days prior to making transfers from this appropriation, notify the congressional defense committees in writing of the details of any such transfer. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MS . MICHELLE LUJAN  
GRISHAM OF NEW MEXICO  
Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of 
New Mexico. I have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 33, line 3, after the dollar amount, in-
sert ‘‘(reduced by $3,543,000) (increased by $3,543,000 )’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 303, the gentlewoman from New Mexico and a Member op-posed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from New Mexico. 
Ms. MICHELE LUJAN GRISHAM of 
New Mexico. Mr. Chair, at a time when the United States is facing constantly evolving global threats from a wide range of enemies, our military ur-gently needs the technology to monitor and respond to these threats. 
Our military does not have the time 
to wait decades or even years for the development and launch of surveillance or communications satellites. 
Operationally Responsive Space, or 
ORS, allows the U.S. to quickly re-spond to the emerging and often unan-ticipated needs of the warfighter. The program rapidly develops new capabili-ties, giving our military the ability to launch field-ready satellites extremely quickly. 
These cost-effective satellites pro-
vide transformational advantages on the battlefield. They provide surveil-lance, tactical communications, countercommunications, space protec-tion, space situational awareness, and weather data from around the world to assist our military in combating our enemies. You don’t have to take my word for 
it. Air Force leadership has consist-ently praised the program as an effec-tive national security tool. General Schwartz, the former Chief of Staff of the Air Force, said: ‘‘ORS is exactly what we need. Innovation and greater efficiency as we contend with ongoing fiscal constraints and changing space posture.’’ 
General Welch, current Chief of Staff 
of the Air Force, recently said that we ‘‘have to look at space now as a warfighting domain,’’ and he went on to say that doing so requires us to ‘‘look at different ways of building, maintaining, and improving the assets we currently have in space and the ca-pabilities they provide in new and dif-ferent ways than the very functionally developed, large program, large invest-ment over long periods of time that have dominated the space architecture up until this point.’’ 
ORS plays a critical role beyond im-
mediate response to our needs on the battlefield. 
The U.S. also needs to have the abil-
ity to relaunch crucial military com-munication and even weather satellites that are lost to countermeasures by other countries. In 2007, China used a ground-based missile to destroy a sat-ellite orbiting more than 500 miles in space, demonstrating their capacity to target our national security satellites and space defense systems. 
The U.S.-China Economic and Secu-
rity Review Commission’s 2014 report to Congress notes that ‘‘China, in 2014, continued to pursue a broad counterspace program to challenge U.S. information superiority in a con-flict and disrupt or destroy U.S. sat-ellites if necessary . . . China likely will be able to hold at risk U.S. na-tional security satellites in every or-bital regime in the next 5 to 10 years.’’ 
Currently, Russia is developing a sea- 
based missile and space defense system capable of destroying satellites. As other countries modernize their mili-tary, the threat level to our commu-nications, navigation, and guided mu-nitions satellites intensifies. 
I want to thank the chairman and 
ranking member for including some funding for ORS in this year’s bills, but I do not believe that it is fully ade-quate to fund this vital program. With-out sufficient funds, ORS cannot produce the space systems that give our military an advantage on the bat-tlefield. It is not in our best interest to solely focus on building satellites that take decades to develop, build, and launch, and cost billions of dollars. 
While I believe that ORS is integral 
to maintaining our advantage in space and bringing much-needed capabilities to our warfighters, I understand the committee is not at this time able to reallocate additional funds to this very important program. I hope to continue to work with the committee as the ap-propriations process moves forward. 
Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous con-
sent to withdraw my amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection 
to the request of the gentlewoman from New Mexico? 
There was no objection. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . PASCRELL  
Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Chairman, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 33, line 3, after the dollar amount, in-
sert ‘‘(reduced by $25,000,000)’’. 
Page 36, line 1, after the dollar amount, in-
sert ‘‘(increased by $25,000,000)’’. 
Page 36, line 9, after the dollar amount, in-
sert ‘‘(increased by $25,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 303, the gentleman from New Jersey and a Member op-posed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from New Jersey. 
Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
today to offer this amendment with Congressman R
OONEY , my co-chair of 
the Congressional Brain Injury Task Force. 
Traumatic brain injury continues to 
be the signature injury among our Na-tion’s servicemembers returning from Iraq and Afghanistan. More than 300,000 troops have been diagnosed with mild TBI since 2000. This number continues to increase as identification and detec-tion methods become more accurate. Despite these staggering figures, there was a decrease of 20 percent from last year’s funding level. Our amendment would restore the same funding level to the TBI program. 
The program supports the DOD’s Psy-
chological Health and TBI Center of Excellence in its efforts to educate servicemembers and their families, en-hance clinical and management ap-proaches, and facilitate other vital services to best serve the needs of our servicemembers impacted by TBI and psychological health problems. 
In recent years, the DOD has made 
significant strides in improving both in-theater and post-incident assess-ment and diagnosis, but still more needs to be done in evaluating troops’ ability to return to duty. As it is, we are not living up to our responsibility in caring for servicemembers who have already been diagnosed with TBI. I urge my colleagues to support this bi-partisan amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair-
man, I seek time in opposition, al-though I do not oppose the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-
tion, the gentleman from New Jersey is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair-
man, I rise to use this time to heap compliments upon my colleague from New Jersey who heads up the Congres-sional Brain Injury Task Force and has been providing that leadership and sup-port, and it is certainly bipartisan. 
Just for the record, our committee 
has been very active in supporting this type of work and research. And for the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:30 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00069 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JN7.058 H10JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4076 June 10, 2015 
record, our bill provides $155 million, 
which includes a plus up of $100 million above the request level of $55 million for traumatic brain injury and psycho-logical health research. 
In addition, our bill provides $676 
million in operation and maintenance funding within the Defense Health Pro-gram to care for servicemembers af-fected by traumatic brain injuries and psychological maladies. 
There has been an issue about the 
slow spend down of some of the money. Of course, if we are here on the floor advocating, as we should, for such an important program, we need to ensure that the bureaucracy gets the money spent. I am sure my colleague from New Jersey would agree that if we are going to put money on the table, let’s make sure they spend it rapidly to ad-dress this ever-growing problem which affects so many people who come off the battlefield. I commend the gen-tleman and support his amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from New Jersey (Mr. P
AS-
CRELL ). 
The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
read. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
OPERATIONAL TEST AND EVALUATION , 
DEFENSE  
For expenses, not otherwise provided for, 
necessary for the independent activities of the Director, Operational Test and Evalua-tion, in the direction and supervision of operational test and evaluation, including initial operational test and evaluation which is conducted prior to, and in support of, pro-duction decisions; joint operational testing and evaluation; and administrative expenses in connection therewith, $170,558,000, to re-main available for obligation until Sep-tember 30, 2017. 
TITLE V 
REVOLVING AND MANAGEMENT FUNDS 
D
EFENSE WORKING CAPITAL FUNDS  
For the Defense Working Capital Funds, 
$1,634,568,000. 
NATIONAL DEFENSE SEALIFT FUND 
For National Defense Sealift Fund pro-
grams, projects, and activities, and for ex-penses of the National Defense Reserve Fleet, as established by section 11 of the Merchant Ship Sales Act of 1946 (50 U.S.C. App. 1744), and for the necessary expenses to maintain and preserve a U.S.-flag merchant fleet to serve the national security needs of the United States, $474,164,000, to remain available until expended: Provided , That 
none of the funds provided in this paragraph shall be used to award a new contract that provides for the acquisition of any of the fol-lowing major components unless such com-ponents are manufactured in the United States: auxiliary equipment, including pumps, for all shipboard services; propulsion system components (engines, reduction gears, and propellers); shipboard cranes; and spreaders for shipboard cranes: Provided fur-
ther, That the exercise of an option in a con-
tract awarded through the obligation of pre-viously appropriated funds shall not be con-sidered to be the award of a new contract: Provided further , That none of the funds pro-vided in this paragraph shall be used to 
award a new contract for the construction, acquisition, or conversion of vessels, includ-ing procurement of critical, long lead time components and designs for vessels to be constructed or converted in the future: Pro-
vided further , That the Secretary of the mili-
tary department responsible for such pro-curement may waive the restrictions in the first proviso on a case-by-case basis by certi-fying in writing to the Committees on Ap-propriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate that adequate domestic sup-plies are not available to meet Department of Defense requirements on a timely basis and that such an acquisition must be made in order to acquire capability for national se-curity purposes. 
TITLE VI 
OTHER DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE 
PROGRAMS 
D
EFENSE HEALTH PROGRAM  
For expenses, not otherwise provided for, 
for medical and health care programs of the Department of Defense as authorized by law, $31,440,009,000; of which $29,489,521,000 shall be for operation and maintenance, of which not to exceed one percent shall remain available for obligation until September 30, 2017, and of which up to $13,972,542,000 may be avail-able for contracts entered into under the TRICARE program; of which $373,287,000, to remain available for obligation until Sep-tember 30, 2018, shall be for procurement; and of which $1,577,201,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2017, shall be for research, development, test and eval-uation: Provided , That, notwithstanding any 
other provision of law, of the amount made available under this heading for research, de-velopment, test and evaluation, not less than $8,000,000 shall be available for HIV preven-tion educational activities undertaken in connection with United States military training, exercises, and humanitarian assist-ance activities conducted primarily in Afri-can nations: Provided further , That of the 
funds provided under this heading for re-search, development, test and evaluation, not less than $597,100,000 shall be made avail-able to the U.S. Army Medical Research and Materiel Command to carry out the congres-sionally directed medical research programs. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . AGUILAR  
Mr. AGUILAR. Mr. Chairman, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 36, line 1, after the dollar amount, in-
sert ‘‘(reduced by $1,000,000) (increased by $1,000,000)’’. 
Page 36, line 9, after the dollar amount, in-
sert ‘‘(reduced by $1,000,000) (increased by $1,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 303, the gentleman from California and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from California. 
Mr. AGUILAR. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
to offer this amendment that would set aside $1 million for studying a ne-glected segment of suicides within our Armed Forces. Our brave men and women in uniform risk their lives every day to keep us safe and free, yet they often don’t get the care that they deserve. 
While attention has been given to the 
subject in the past, we have recently seen a need for research that deals with high suicide rates among our female 
servicemembers and veterans. This week, the Los Angeles Times reported on a recently released study which found female military veterans commit suicide at nearly six times the rate of other women. 
b1900 
This new government research re-
leased in the journal of Psychiatric Services went even further, reporting that female veterans between the ages of 18 and 29 are nearly twelve times more likely to commit suicide than nonmilitary women. We need to do bet-ter by the women who risk their lives to protect our Nation. We cannot sit idly by while our female servicemem-bers and veterans suffer in silence. 
My amendment would set aside $1 
million to study the possible causes for this level of suicides among our women in uniform. Service-related causes like traumatic brain injuries and PTSD, in addition to nonservice related factors such as adverse childhood experiences, financial troubles, and other external stressors, must be investigated if we hope to seriously confront this trav-esty head on. 
In addition, according to the VA, the 
suicide gap between men and women is shrinking. Men typically have higher suicide rates than women. When mili-tary service is incorporated, the gap between the two shrinks significantly. 
This is a serious problem and one 
that we don’t know enough about to confront. Until we understand why we are seeing this horrific trend, we can-not help the women who bravely serve. 
When we are faced with rising gen-
erations where female veterans are twelve times more likely than non-military women to commit suicide, we need to take action. My amendment will conduct a study to understand how we get here, so we can move forward and take real action to address this cri-sis. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from California (Mr. A
GUILAR ). 
The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
read. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
CHEMICAL AGENTS AND MUNITIONS  
DESTRUCTION , DEFENSE  
For expenses, not otherwise provided for, 
necessary for the destruction of the United States stockpile of lethal chemical agents and munitions in accordance with the provi-sions of section 1412 of the Department of Defense Authorization Act, 1986 (50 U.S.C. 1521), and for the destruction of other chem-ical warfare materials that are not in the chemical weapon stockpile, $720,721,000, of which $139,098,000 shall be for operation and maintenance, of which no less than $50,743,000 shall be for the Chemical Stock-pile Emergency Preparedness Program, con-sisting of $21,289,000 for activities on mili-tary installations and $29,454,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017, to assist State and local governments; $2,281,000 shall be for procurement, to remain available until September 30, 2018, of which $2,281,000 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:30 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00070 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JN7.134 H10JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4077 June 10, 2015 
shall be for the Chemical Stockpile Emer-
gency Preparedness Program to assist State and local governments; and $579,342,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017, shall be for research, development, test and evaluation, of which $569,339,000 shall only be for the Assembled Chemical Weapons Alter-natives program. 
D
RUGINTERDICTION AND COUNTER -DRUG 
ACTIVITIES , DEFENSE  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  
For drug interdiction and counter-drug ac-
tivities of the Department of Defense, for transfer to appropriations available to the Department of Defense for military per-sonnel of the reserve components serving under the provisions of title 10 and title 32, United States Code; for operation and main-tenance; for procurement; and for research, development, test and evaluation, $878,298,000, of which $616,811,000 shall be for counter-narcotics support; $113,589,000 shall be for the drug demand reduction program; and $147,898,000 shall be for the National Guard counter-drug program: Provided , That 
the funds appropriated under this heading shall be available for obligation for the same time period and for the same purpose as the appropriation to which transferred: Provided 
further , That upon a determination that all 
or part of the funds transferred from this ap-propriation are not necessary for the pur-poses provided herein, such amounts may be transferred back to this appropriation: Pro-
vided further , That the transfer authority 
provided under this heading is in addition to any other transfer authority contained else-where in this Act. 
O
FFICE OF THE INSPECTOR GENERAL  
For expenses and activities of the Office of 
the Inspector General in carrying out the provisions of the Inspector General Act of 1978, as amended, $316,159,000, of which $314,059,000, shall be for operation and main-tenance, of which not to exceed $700,000 is available for emergencies and extraordinary expenses to be expended on the approval or authority of the Inspector General, and pay-ments may be made on the Inspector Gen-eral’s certificate of necessity for confidential military purposes; and of which $2,100,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017, shall be for research, development, test and evaluation. 
TITLE VII 
RELATED AGENCIES 
C
ENTRAL INTELLIGENCE AGENCY RETIREMENT  
ANDDISABILITY SYSTEM FUND 
For payment to the Central Intelligence 
Agency Retirement and Disability System Fund, to maintain the proper funding level for continuing the operation of the Central Intelligence Agency Retirement and Dis-ability System, $514,000,000. 
I
NTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY MANAGEMENT  
ACCOUNT  
For necessary expenses of the Intelligence 
Community Management Account, $507,923,000. 
TITLE VIII 
GENERAL PROVISIONS 
S
EC. 8001. No part of any appropriation 
contained in this Act shall be used for pub-licity or propaganda purposes not authorized by the Congress. 
S
EC. 8002. During the current fiscal year, 
provisions of law prohibiting the payment of compensation to, or employment of, any per-son not a citizen of the United States shall not apply to personnel of the Department of Defense: Provided , That salary increases 
granted to direct and indirect hire foreign national employees of the Department of De-fense funded by this Act shall not be at a rate in excess of the percentage increase au-
thorized by law for civilian employees of the Department of Defense whose pay is com-puted under the provisions of section 5332 of title 5, United States Code, or at a rate in ex-cess of the percentage increase provided by the appropriate host nation to its own em-ployees, whichever is higher: Provided fur-
ther, That this section shall not apply to De-
partment of Defense foreign service national employees serving at United States diplo-matic missions whose pay is set by the De-partment of State under the Foreign Service Act of 1980: Provided further , That the limita-
tions of this provision shall not apply to for-eign national employees of the Department of Defense in the Republic of Turkey. 
S
EC. 8003. No part of any appropriation 
contained in this Act shall remain available for obligation beyond the current fiscal year, unless expressly so provided herein. 
S
EC. 8004. No more than 20 percent of the 
appropriations in this Act which are limited for obligation during the current fiscal year shall be obligated during the last 2 months of the fiscal year: Provided , That this section 
shall not apply to obligations for support of active duty training of reserve components or summer camp training of the Reserve Of-ficers’ Training Corps. 
(TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  
SEC. 8005. Upon determination by the Sec-
retary of Defense that such action is nec-essary in the national interest, he may, with the approval of the Office of Management and Budget, transfer not to exceed $4,500,000,000 of working capital funds of the Department of Defense or funds made avail-able in this Act to the Department of De-fense for military functions (except military construction) between such appropriations or funds or any subdivision thereof, to be merged with and to be available for the same purposes, and for the same time period, as the appropriation or fund to which trans-ferred: Provided , That such authority to 
transfer may not be used unless for higher priority items, based on unforeseen military requirements, than those for which origi-nally appropriated and in no case where the item for which funds are requested has been denied by the Congress: Provided further , 
That the Secretary of Defense shall notify the Congress promptly of all transfers made pursuant to this authority or any other au-thority in this Act: Provided further , That no 
part of the funds in this Act shall be avail-able to prepare or present a request to the Committees on Appropriations for re-programming of funds, unless for higher pri-ority items, based on unforeseen military re-quirements, than those for which originally appropriated and in no case where the item for which reprogramming is requested has been denied by the Congress: Provided fur-
ther, That a request for multiple 
reprogrammings of funds using authority provided in this section shall be made prior to June 30, 2016: Provided further , That trans-
fers among military personnel appropria-tions shall not be taken into account for pur-poses of the limitation on the amount of funds that may be transferred under this sec-tion. 
S
EC. 8006. (a) With regard to the list of spe-
cific programs, projects, and activities (and the dollar amounts and adjustments to budg-et activities corresponding to such programs, projects, and activities) contained in the ta-bles titled ‘‘Explanation of Project Level Ad-justments’’ in the explanatory statement re-garding this Act, the obligation and expendi-ture of amounts appropriated or otherwise made available in this Act for those pro-grams, projects, and activities for which the amounts appropriated exceed the amounts requested are hereby required by law to be carried out in the manner provided by such 
tables to the same extent as if the tables were included in the text of this Act. 
(b) Amounts specified in the referenced ta-
bles described in subsection (a) shall not be treated as subdivisions of appropriations for purposes of section 8005 of this Act: Provided , 
That section 8005 shall apply when transfers of the amounts described in subsection (a) occur between appropriation accounts. 
S
EC. 8007. (a) Not later than 60 days after 
enactment of this Act, the Department of Defense shall submit a report to the congres-sional defense committees to establish the baseline for application of reprogramming and transfer authorities for fiscal year 2016: Provided , That the report shall include— 
(1) a table for each appropriation with a 
separate column to display the President’s budget request, adjustments made by Con-gress, adjustments due to enacted rescis-sions, if appropriate, and the fiscal year en-acted level; 
(2) a delineation in the table for each ap-
propriation both by budget activity and pro-gram, project, and activity as detailed in the Budget Appendix; and 
(3) an identification of items of special 
congressional interest. 
(b) Notwithstanding section 8005 of this 
Act, none of the funds provided in this Act shall be available for reprogramming or transfer until the report identified in sub-section (a) is submitted to the congressional defense committees, unless the Secretary of Defense certifies in writing to the congres-sional defense committees that such re-programming or transfer is necessary as an emergency requirement. 
(TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  
SEC. 8008. During the current fiscal year, 
cash balances in working capital funds of the Department of Defense established pursuant to section 2208 of title 10, United States Code, may be maintained in only such amounts as are necessary at any time for cash disbursements to be made from such funds: Provided , That transfers may be made 
between such funds: Provided further , That 
transfers may be made between working cap-ital funds and the ‘‘Foreign Currency Fluc-tuations, Defense’’ appropriation and the ‘‘Operation and Maintenance’’ appropriation accounts in such amounts as may be deter-mined by the Secretary of Defense, with the approval of the Office of Management and Budget, except that such transfers may not be made unless the Secretary of Defense has notified the Congress of the proposed trans-fer: Provided further , that except in amounts 
equal to the amounts appropriated to work-ing capital funds in this Act, no obligations may be made against a working capital fund to procure or increase the value of war re-serve material inventory, unless the Sec-retary of Defense has notified the Congress prior to any such obligation. 
S
EC. 8009. Funds appropriated by this Act 
may not be used to initiate a special access program without prior notification 30 cal-endar days in advance to the congressional defense committees. 
S
EC. 8010. None of the funds provided in 
this Act shall be available to initiate: (1) a multiyear contract that employs economic order quantity procurement in excess of $20,000,000 in any one year of the contract or that includes an unfunded contingent liabil-ity in excess of $20,000,000; or (2) a contract for advance procurement leading to a multiyear contract that employs economic order quantity procurement in excess of $20,000,000 in any one year, unless the con-gressional defense committees have been no-tified at least 30 days in advance of the pro-posed contract award: Provided , That no part 
of any appropriation contained in this Act 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:30 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00071 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JN7.063 H10JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4078 June 10, 2015 
shall be available to initiate a multiyear 
contract for which the economic order quan-tity advance procurement is not funded at least to the limits of the Government’s li-ability: Provided further , That no part of any 
appropriation contained in this Act shall be available to initiate multiyear procurement contracts for any systems or component thereof if the value of the multiyear con-tract would exceed $500,000,000 unless specifi-cally provided in this Act: Provided further , 
That no multiyear procurement contract can be terminated without 30-day prior notifica-tion to the congressional defense commit-tees: Provided further , That the execution of 
multiyear authority shall require the use of a present value analysis to determine lowest cost compared to an annual procurement: Provided further , That none of the funds pro-
vided in this Act may be used for a multiyear contract executed after the date of the enactment of this Act unless in the case of any such contract— 
(1) the Secretary of Defense has submitted 
to Congress a budget request for full funding of units to be procured through the contract and, in the case of a contract for procure-ment of aircraft, that includes, for any air-craft unit to be procured through the con-tract for which procurement funds are re-quested in that budget request for produc-tion beyond advance procurement activities in the fiscal year covered by the budget, full funding of procurement of such unit in that fiscal year; 
(2) cancellation provisions in the contract 
do not include consideration of recurring manufacturing costs of the contractor asso-ciated with the production of unfunded units to be delivered under the contract; 
(3) the contract provides that payments to 
the contractor under the contract shall not be made in advance of incurred costs on funded units; and 
(4) the contract does not provide for a price 
adjustment based on a failure to award a fol-low-on contract. 
S
EC. 8011. Within the funds appropriated 
for the operation and maintenance of the Armed Forces, funds are hereby appropriated pursuant to section 401 of title 10, United States Code, for humanitarian and civic as-sistance costs under chapter 20 of title 10, United States Code. Such funds may also be obligated for humanitarian and civic assist-ance costs incidental to authorized oper-ations and pursuant to authority granted in section 401 of chapter 20 of title 10, United States Code, and these obligations shall be reported as required by section 401(d) of title 10, United States Code: Provided , That funds 
available for operation and maintenance shall be available for providing humani-tarian and similar assistance by using Civic Action Teams in the Trust Territories of the Pacific Islands and freely associated states of Micronesia, pursuant to the Compact of Free Association as authorized by Public Law 99–239: Provided further , That upon a de-
termination by the Secretary of the Army 
that such action is beneficial for graduate medical education programs conducted at Army medical facilities located in Hawaii, the Secretary of the Army may authorize the provision of medical services at such fa-cilities and transportation to such facilities, on a nonreimbursable basis, for civilian pa-tients from American Samoa, the Common-wealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, the Marshall Islands, the Federated States of Mi-cronesia, Palau, and Guam. 
S
EC. 8012. (a) During fiscal year 2016, the ci-
vilian personnel of the Department of De-fense may not be managed on the basis of any end-strength, and the management of such personnel during that fiscal year shall not be subject to any constraint or limita-tion (known as an end-strength) on the num-ber of such personnel who may be employed 
on the last day of such fiscal year. 
(b) The fiscal year 2017 budget request for 
the Department of Defense as well as all jus-tification material and other documentation supporting the fiscal year 2017 Department of Defense budget request shall be prepared and submitted to the Congress as if subsections (a) and (b) of this provision were effective with regard to fiscal year 2017. 
(c) As required by section 1107 of the Na-
tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66; 10 U.S.C. 2358 note) civilian personnel at the Department of Army Science and Technology Reinven-tion Laboratories may not be managed on the basis of the Table of Distribution and Al-lowances, and the management of the work-force strength shall be done in a manner con-sistent with the budget available with re-spect to such Laboratories. 
(d) Nothing in this section shall be con-
strued to apply to military (civilian) techni-cians. 
S
EC. 8013. None of the funds made available 
by this Act shall be used in any way, directly or indirectly, to influence congressional ac-tion on any legislation or appropriation mat-ters pending before the Congress. 
S
EC. 8014. None of the funds appropriated 
by this Act shall be available for the basic pay and allowances of any member of the Army participating as a full-time student and receiving benefits paid by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs from the Department of Defense Education Benefits Fund when time spent as a full-time student is credited to-ward completion of a service commitment: Provided , That this section shall not apply to 
those members who have reenlisted with this option prior to October 1, 1987: Provided fur-
ther, That this section applies only to active 
components of the Army. 
(TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  
SEC. 8015. Funds appropriated in title III of 
this Act for the Department of Defense Pilot Mentor-Protege Program may be transferred to any other appropriation contained in this Act solely for the purpose of implementing a Mentor-Protege Program developmental as-sistance agreement pursuant to section 831 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1991 (Public Law 101–510; 10 U.S.C. 2302 note), as amended, under the au-thority of this provision or any other trans-fer authority contained in this Act. 
S
EC. 8016. None of the funds in this Act 
may be available for the purchase by the De-partment of Defense (and its departments and agencies) of welded shipboard anchor and mooring chain 4 inches in diameter and under unless the anchor and mooring chain are manufactured in the United States from components which are substantially manu-factured in the United States: Provided , That 
for the purpose of this section, the term ‘‘manufactured’’ shall include cutting, heat treating, quality control, testing of chain and welding (including the forging and shot blasting process): Provided further , That for 
the purpose of this section substantially all of the components of anchor and mooring chain shall be considered to be produced or manufactured in the United States if the ag-gregate cost of the components produced or manufactured in the United States exceeds the aggregate cost of the components pro-duced or manufactured outside the United States: Provided further , That when adequate 
domestic supplies are not available to meet Department of Defense requirements on a timely basis, the Secretary of the service re-sponsible for the procurement may waive this restriction on a case-by-case basis by certifying in writing to the Committees on Appropriations that such an acquisition must be made in order to acquire capability for national security purposes. S
EC. 8017. None of the funds available to 
the Department of Defense in the current fis-cal year or any fiscal year hereafter may be used to demilitarize or dispose of M–1 Car-bines, M–1 Garand rifles, M–14 rifles, .22 cal-iber rifles, .30 caliber rifles, or M–1911 pistols, or to demilitarize or destroy small arms am-munition or ammunition components that are not otherwise prohibited from commer-cial sale under Federal law, unless the small arms ammunition or ammunition compo-nents are certified by the Secretary of the Army or designee as unserviceable or unsafe for further use. 
S
EC. 8018. No more than $500,000 of the 
funds appropriated or made available in this Act shall be used during a single fiscal year for any single relocation of an organization, unit, activity or function of the Department of Defense into or within the National Cap-ital Region: Provided , That the Secretary of 
Defense may waive this restriction on a case- by-case basis by certifying in writing to the congressional defense committees that such a relocation is required in the best interest of the Government. 
S
EC. 8019. Of the funds made available in 
this Act, $15,000,000 shall be available for in-centive payments authorized by section 504 of the Indian Financing Act of 1974 (25 U.S.C. 1544): Provided , That a prime contractor or a 
subcontractor at any tier that makes a sub-contract award to any subcontractor or sup-plier as defined in section 1544 of title 25, United States Code, or a small business owned and controlled by an individual or in-dividuals defined under section 4221(9) of title 25, United States Code, shall be consid-ered a contractor for the purposes of being allowed additional compensation under sec-tion 504 of the Indian Financing Act of 1974 (25 U.S.C. 1544) whenever the prime contract or subcontract amount is over $500,000 and involves the expenditure of funds appro-priated by an Act making appropriations for the Department of Defense with respect to any fiscal year: Provided further , That not-
withstanding section 1906 of title 41, United States Code, this section shall be applicable to any Department of Defense acquisition of supplies or services, including any contract and any subcontract at any tier for acquisi-tion of commercial items produced or manu-factured, in whole or in part, by any subcon-tractor or supplier defined in section 1544 of title 25, United States Code, or a small busi-ness owned and controlled by an individual or individuals defined under section 4221(9) of title 25, United States Code. 
S
EC. 8020. Funds appropriated by this Act 
for the Defense Media Activity shall not be used for any national or international polit-ical or psychological activities. 
S
EC. 8021. During the current fiscal year, 
the Department of Defense is authorized to incur obligations of not to exceed $350,000,000 for purposes specified in section 2350j(c) of title 10, United States Code, in anticipation of receipt of contributions, only from the Government of Kuwait, under that section: Provided , That upon receipt, such contribu-
tions from the Government of Kuwait shall be credited to the appropriations or fund which incurred such obligations. 
S
EC. 8022. (a) Of the funds made available 
in this Act, not less than $39,500,000 shall be available for the Civil Air Patrol Corpora-tion, of which— 
(1) $27,400,000 shall be available from ‘‘Op-
eration and Maintenance, Air Force’’ to sup-port Civil Air Patrol Corporation operation and maintenance, readiness, counter-drug activities, and drug demand reduction activi-ties involving youth programs; 
(2) $10,400,000 shall be available from ‘‘Air-
craft Procurement, Air Force’’; and 
(3) $1,700,000 shall be available from ‘‘Other 
Procurement, Air Force’’ for vehicle pro-curement. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:30 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00072 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JN7.063 H10JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4079 June 10, 2015 
(b) The Secretary of the Air Force should 
waive reimbursement for any funds used by the Civil Air Patrol for counter-drug activi-ties in support of Federal, State, and local government agencies. 
S
EC. 8023. (a) None of the funds appro-
priated in this Act are available to establish a new Department of Defense (department) federally funded research and development center (FFRDC), either as a new entity, or as a separate entity administrated by an orga-nization managing another FFRDC, or as a nonprofit membership corporation con-sisting of a consortium of other FFRDCs and other nonprofit entities. 
(b) No member of a Board of Directors, 
Trustees, Overseers, Advisory Group, Special Issues Panel, Visiting Committee, or any similar entity of a defense FFRDC, and no paid consultant to any defense FFRDC, ex-cept when acting in a technical advisory ca-pacity, may be compensated for his or her services as a member of such entity, or as a paid consultant by more than one FFRDC in a fiscal year: Provided , That a member of any 
such entity referred to previously in this subsection shall be allowed travel expenses and per diem as authorized under the Federal Joint Travel Regulations, when engaged in the performance of membership duties. 
(c) Notwithstanding any other provision of 
law, none of the funds available to the de-partment from any source during fiscal year 2016 may be used by a defense FFRDC, through a fee or other payment mechanism, for construction of new buildings, for pay-ment of cost sharing for projects funded by Government grants, for absorption of con-tract overruns, or for certain charitable con-tributions, not to include employee partici-pation in community service and/or develop-ment. 
(d) Notwithstanding any other provision of 
law, of the funds available to the department during fiscal year 2016, not more than 5,750 staff years of technical effort (staff years) may be funded for defense FFRDCs: Provided , 
That of the specific amount referred to pre-viously in this subsection, not more than 1,125 staff years may be funded for the de-fense studies and analysis FFRDCs: Provided 
further , That this subsection shall not apply 
to staff years funded in the National Intel-ligence Program (NIP) and the Military In-telligence Program (MIP). 
(e) The Secretary of Defense shall, with the 
submission of the department’s fiscal year 2017 budget request, submit a report pre-senting the specific amounts of staff years of technical effort to be allocated for each de-fense FFRDC during that fiscal year and the associated budget estimates. 
(f) Notwithstanding any other provision of 
this Act, the total amount appropriated in this Act for FFRDCs is hereby reduced by $88,400,000. 
S
EC. 8024. None of the funds appropriated 
or made available in this Act shall be used to procure carbon, alloy, or armor steel plate for use in any Government-owned facility or property under the control of the Depart-ment of Defense which were not melted and rolled in the United States or Canada: Pro-
vided , That these procurement restrictions 
shall apply to any and all Federal Supply Class 9515, American Society of Testing and Materials (ASTM) or American Iron and Steel Institute (AISI) specifications of car-bon, alloy or armor steel plate: Provided fur-
ther, That the Secretary of the military de-
partment responsible for the procurement may waive this restriction on a case-by-case basis by certifying in writing to the Commit-tees on Appropriations of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Senate that adequate domestic supplies are not available to meet Department of Defense requirements on a timely basis and that such an acquisition must be made in order to acquire capability 
for national security purposes: Provided fur-
ther, That these restrictions shall not apply 
to contracts which are in being as of the date of the enactment of this Act. 
S
EC. 8025. For the purposes of this Act, the 
term ‘‘congressional defense committees’’ means the Armed Services Committee of the House of Representatives, the Armed Serv-ices Committee of the Senate, the Sub-committee on Defense of the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate, and the Sub-committee on Defense of the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representa-tives. 
S
EC. 8026. During the current fiscal year, 
the Department of Defense may acquire the modification, depot maintenance and repair of aircraft, vehicles and vessels as well as the production of components and other Defense- related articles, through competition be-tween Department of Defense depot mainte-nance activities and private firms: Provided , 
That the Senior Acquisition Executive of the military department or Defense Agency con-cerned, with power of delegation, shall cer-tify that successful bids include comparable estimates of all direct and indirect costs for both public and private bids: Provided further , 
That Office of Management and Budget Cir-cular A–76 shall not apply to competitions conducted under this section. 
S
EC. 8027. (a)(1) If the Secretary of Defense, 
after consultation with the United States Trade Representative, determines that a for-eign country which is party to an agreement described in paragraph (2) has violated the terms of the agreement by discriminating against certain types of products produced in the United States that are covered by the agreement, the Secretary of Defense shall re-scind the Secretary’s blanket waiver of the Buy American Act with respect to such types of products produced in that foreign country. 
(2) An agreement referred to in paragraph 
(1) is any reciprocal defense procurement memorandum of understanding, between the United States and a foreign country pursu-ant to which the Secretary of Defense has prospectively waived the Buy American Act for certain products in that country. 
(b) The Secretary of Defense shall submit 
to the Congress a report on the amount of Department of Defense purchases from for-eign entities in fiscal year 2016. Such report shall separately indicate the dollar value of items for which the Buy American Act was waived pursuant to any agreement described in subsection (a)(2), the Trade Agreement Act of 1979 (19 U.S.C. 2501 et seq.), or any international agreement to which the United States is a party. 
(c) For purposes of this section, the term 
‘‘Buy American Act’’ means chapter 83 of title 41, United States Code. 
S
EC. 8028. During the current fiscal year, 
amounts contained in the Department of De-fense Overseas Military Facility Investment Recovery Account established by section 2921(c)(1) of the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act of 1991 (Public Law 101–510; 10 U.S.C. 2687 note) shall be available until expended for the payments specified by section 2921(c)(2) of that Act. 
S
EC. 8029. (a) Notwithstanding any other 
provision of law, the Secretary of the Air Force may convey at no cost to the Air Force, without consideration, to Indian tribes located in the States of Nevada, Idaho, North Dakota, South Dakota, Montana, Or-egon, Minnesota, and Washington relocatable military housing units located at Grand Forks Air Force Base, Malmstrom Air Force Base, Mountain Home Air Force Base, Ellsworth Air Force Base, and Minot Air Force Base that are excess to the needs of the Air Force. (b) The Secretary of the Air Force shall 
convey, at no cost to the Air Force, military housing units under subsection (a) in accord-ance with the request for such units that are submitted to the Secretary by the Operation Walking Shield Program on behalf of Indian tribes located in the States of Nevada, Idaho, North Dakota, South Dakota, Montana, Or-egon, Minnesota, and Washington. Any such conveyance shall be subject to the condition that the housing units shall be removed within a reasonable period of time, as deter-mined by the Secretary. 
(c) The Operation Walking Shield Program 
shall resolve any conflicts among requests of Indian tribes for housing units under sub-section (a) before submitting requests to the Secretary of the Air Force under subsection 
(b). 
(d) In this section, the term ‘‘Indian tribe’’ 
means any recognized Indian tribe included on the current list published by the Sec-retary of the Interior under section 104 of the Federally Recognized Indian Tribe Act of 1994 (Public Law 103–454; 108 Stat. 4792; 25 U.S.C. 479a-1). 
S
EC. 8030. During the current fiscal year, 
appropriations which are available to the De-partment of Defense for operation and main-tenance may be used to purchase items hav-ing an investment item unit cost of not more than $250,000. 
S
EC. 8031. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used to— 
(1) disestablish, or prepare to disestablish, 
a Senior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps program in accordance with Department of Defense Instruction Number 1215.08, dated June 26, 2006; or 
(2) close, downgrade from host to extension 
center, or place on probation a Senior Re-serve Officers’ Training Corps program in ac-cordance with the information paper of the Department of the Army titled ‘‘Army Sen-ior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps (SROTC) Program Review and Criteria’’, dated Janu-ary 27, 2014. 
S
EC. 8032. (a) During the current fiscal 
year, none of the appropriations or funds available to the Department of Defense Working Capital Funds shall be used for the purchase of an investment item for the pur-pose of acquiring a new inventory item for sale or anticipated sale during the current fiscal year or a subsequent fiscal year to cus-tomers of the Department of Defense Work-ing Capital Funds if such an item would not have been chargeable to the Department of Defense Business Operations Fund during fis-cal year 1994 and if the purchase of such an investment item would be chargeable during the current fiscal year to appropriations made to the Department of Defense for pro-curement. 
(b) The fiscal year 2017 budget request for 
the Department of Defense as well as all jus-tification material and other documentation supporting the fiscal year 2017 Department of Defense budget shall be prepared and sub-mitted to the Congress on the basis that any equipment which was classified as an end item and funded in a procurement appropria-tion contained in this Act shall be budgeted for in a proposed fiscal year 2017 procure-ment appropriation and not in the supply management business area or any other area or category of the Department of Defense Working Capital Funds. 
S
EC. 8033. None of the funds appropriated 
by this Act for programs of the Central In-telligence Agency shall remain available for obligation beyond the current fiscal year, ex-cept for funds appropriated for the Reserve for Contingencies, which shall remain avail-able until September 30, 2017: Provided , That 
funds appropriated, transferred, or otherwise credited to the Central Intelligence Agency Central Services Working Capital Fund dur-ing this or any prior or subsequent fiscal 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:30 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00073 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JN7.063 H10JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4080 June 10, 2015 
year shall remain available until expended: 
Provided further , That any funds appropriated 
or transferred to the Central Intelligence Agency for advanced research and develop-ment acquisition, for agent operations, and for covert action programs authorized by the President under section 503 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3093) shall re-main available until September 30, 2017. 
S
EC. 8034. Notwithstanding any other pro-
vision of law, funds made available in this Act for the Defense Intelligence Agency may be used for the design, development, and de-ployment of General Defense Intelligence Program intelligence communications and intelligence information systems for the Services, the Unified and Specified Com-mands, and the component commands. 
S
EC. 8035. Of the funds appropriated to the 
Department of Defense under the heading ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Defense- Wide’’, not less than $12,000,000 shall be made available only for the mitigation of environ-mental impacts, including training and tech-nical assistance to tribes, related adminis-trative support, the gathering of informa-tion, documenting of environmental damage, and developing a system for prioritization of mitigation and cost to complete estimates for mitigation, on Indian lands resulting from Department of Defense activities. 
S
EC. 8036. (a) None of the funds appro-
priated in this Act may be expended by an entity of the Department of Defense unless the entity, in expending the funds, complies with the Buy American Act. For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘‘Buy American 
Act’’ means chapter 83 of title 41, United States Code. 
(b) If the Secretary of Defense determines 
that a person has been convicted of inten-tionally affixing a label bearing a ‘‘Made in America’’ inscription to any product sold in or shipped to the United States that is not made in America, the Secretary shall deter-mine, in accordance with section 2410f of title 10, United States Code, whether the per-son should be debarred from contracting with the Department of Defense. 
(c) In the case of any equipment or prod-
ucts purchased with appropriations provided under this Act, it is the sense of the Congress that any entity of the Department of De-fense, in expending the appropriation, pur-chase only American-made equipment and products, provided that American-made equipment and products are cost-competi-tive, quality competitive, and available in a timely fashion. 
S
EC. 8037. None of the funds appropriated 
by this Act shall be available for a contract for studies, analysis, or consulting services entered into without competition on the basis of an unsolicited proposal unless the head of the activity responsible for the pro-curement determines— 
(1) as a result of thorough technical eval-
uation, only one source is found fully quali-fied to perform the proposed work; 
(2) the purpose of the contract is to explore 
an unsolicited proposal which offers signifi-cant scientific or technological promise, rep-resents the product of original thinking, and was submitted in confidence by one source; or 
(3) the purpose of the contract is to take 
advantage of unique and significant indus-trial accomplishment by a specific concern, or to insure that a new product or idea of a specific concern is given financial support: Provided , That this limitation shall not 
apply to contracts in an amount of less than $25,000, contracts related to improvements of equipment that is in development or produc-tion, or contracts as to which a civilian offi-cial of the Department of Defense, who has been confirmed by the Senate, determines that the award of such contract is in the in-terest of the national defense. S
EC. 8038. (a) Except as provided in sub-
sections (b) and (c), none of the funds made available by this Act may be used— 
(1) to establish a field operating agency; or (2) to pay the basic pay of a member of the 
Armed Forces or civilian employee of the de-partment who is transferred or reassigned from a headquarters activity if the member or employee’s place of duty remains at the location of that headquarters. 
(b) The Secretary of Defense or Secretary 
of a military department may waive the lim-
itations in subsection (a), on a case-by-case basis, if the Secretary determines, and cer-tifies to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Sen-ate that the granting of the waiver will re-duce the personnel requirements or the fi-nancial requirements of the department. 
(c) This section does not apply to— 
(1) field operating agencies funded within 
the National Intelligence Program; 
(2) an Army field operating agency estab-
lished to eliminate, mitigate, or counter the effects of improvised explosive devices, and, as determined by the Secretary of the Army, other similar threats; 
(3) an Army field operating agency estab-
lished to improve the effectiveness and effi-ciencies of biometric activities and to inte-grate common biometric technologies throughout the Department of Defense; or 
(4) an Air Force field operating agency es-
tablished to administer the Air Force Mor-tuary Affairs Program and Mortuary Oper-ations for the Department of Defense and au-thorized Federal entities. 
S
EC. 8039. (a) None of the funds appro-
priated by this Act shall be available to con-vert to contractor performance an activity or function of the Department of Defense that, on or after the date of the enactment of this Act, is performed by Department of De-fense civilian employees unless— 
(1) the conversion is based on the result of 
a public-private competition that includes a most efficient and cost effective organiza-tion plan developed by such activity or func-tion; 
(2) the Competitive Sourcing Official deter-
mines that, over all performance periods stated in the solicitation of offers for per-formance of the activity or function, the cost of performance of the activity or func-tion by a contractor would be less costly to the Department of Defense by an amount that equals or exceeds the lesser of— 
(A) 10 percent of the most efficient organi-
zation’s personnel-related costs for perform-ance of that activity or function by Federal employees; or 
(B) $10,000,000; and (3) the contractor does not receive an ad-
vantage for a proposal that would reduce costs for the Department of Defense by— 
(A) not making an employer-sponsored 
health insurance plan available to the work-ers who are to be employed in the perform-ance of that activity or function under the contract; or 
(B) offering to such workers an employer- 
sponsored health benefits plan that requires the employer to contribute less towards the premium or subscription share than the amount that is paid by the Department of Defense for health benefits for civilian em-ployees under chapter 89 of title 5, United States Code. 
(b)(1) The Department of Defense, without 
regard to subsection (a) of this section or subsection (a), (b), or (c) of section 2461 of title 10, United States Code, and notwith-standing any administrative regulation, re-quirement, or policy to the contrary shall have full authority to enter into a contract for the performance of any commercial or in-dustrial type function of the Department of Defense that— (A) is included on the procurement list es-
tablished pursuant to section 2 of the Javits- Wagner-O’Day Act (section 8503 of title 41, United States Code); 
(B) is planned to be converted to perform-
ance by a qualified nonprofit agency for the blind or by a qualified nonprofit agency for other severely handicapped individuals in ac-cordance with that Act; or 
(C) is planned to be converted to perform-
ance by a qualified firm under at least 51 per-cent ownership by an Indian tribe, as defined in section 4(e) of the Indian Self-Determina-tion and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 450b(e)), or a Native Hawaiian Organization, as defined in section 8(a)(15) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 637(a)(15)). 
(2) This section shall not apply to depot 
contracts or contracts for depot mainte-nance as provided in sections 2469 and 2474 of title 10, United States Code. 
(c) The conversion of any activity or func-
tion of the Department of Defense under the authority provided by this section shall be credited toward any competitive or out-sourcing goal, target, or measurement that may be established by statute, regulation, or policy and is deemed to be awarded under the authority of, and in compliance with, sub-section (h) of section 2304 of title 10, United States Code, for the competition or out-sourcing of commercial activities. 
(RESCISSIONS)  
SEC. 8040. Of the funds appropriated in De-
partment of Defense Appropriations Acts, the following funds are hereby rescinded from the following accounts and programs in the specified amounts: Provided , That no 
amounts may be rescinded from amounts that were designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism or as an emergency require-ment pursuant to the Concurrent Resolution on the Budget or the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985, as amended: 
(1) ‘‘Other Procurement, Army’’, 2014/2016, 
$40,000,000; 
(2) ‘‘Aircraft Procurement, Navy’’, 2014/ 
2016, $91,571,000; 
(3) ‘‘Weapons Procurement, Navy’’, 2014/ 
2016, $888,000; 
(4) ‘‘Aircraft Procurement, Air Force’’, 
2014/2016, $2,300,000; 
(5) ‘‘Missile Procurement, Air Force’’, 2014/ 
2016, $1,000,000; 
(6) ‘‘Procurement of Ammunition, Air 
Force’’, 2014/2016, $12,600,000; 
(7) ‘‘Other Procurement, Air Force’’, 2014/ 
2016, $14,000,000; 
(8) ‘‘Procurement of Weapons and Tracked 
Combat Vehicles, Army’’, 2015/2017, $30,000,000; 
(9) ‘‘Other Procurement, Army’’, 2015/2017, 
$30,000,000; 
(10) ‘‘Aircraft Procurement, Navy’’, 2015/ 
2017, $49,377,000; 
(11) ‘‘Weapons Procurement, Navy’’, 2015/ 
2017, $15,422,000; 
(12) ‘‘Procurement of Ammunition, Navy 
and Marine Corps’’, 2015/2017, $8,906,000; 
(13) ‘‘Procurement, Marine Corps’’, 2015/ 
2017, $88,996,000; 
(14) ‘‘Aircraft Procurement, Air Force’’, 
2015/2017, $108,870,000; 
(15) ‘‘Missile Procurement, Air Force’’, 
2015/2017, $75,000,000; 
(16) ‘‘Other Procurement, Air Force’’, 2015/ 
2017, $8,000,000; 
(17) ‘‘Research, Development, Test and 
Evaluation, Navy’’, 2015/2016, $232,228,000; and 
(18) ‘‘Research, Development, Test and 
Evaluation, Air Force’’, 2015/2016, $60,271,000. 
S
EC. 8041. None of the funds available in 
this Act may be used to reduce the author-ized positions for military technicians (dual status) of the Army National Guard, Air Na-tional Guard, Army Reserve and Air Force 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:30 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00074 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JN7.063 H10JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4081 June 10, 2015 
Reserve for the purpose of applying any ad-
ministratively imposed civilian personnel ceiling, freeze, or reduction on military tech-nicians (dual status), unless such reductions are a direct result of a reduction in military force structure. 
S
EC. 8042. None of the funds appropriated 
or otherwise made available in this Act may be obligated or expended for assistance to the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea unless specifically appropriated for that pur-pose. 
S
EC. 8043. Funds appropriated in this Act 
for operation and maintenance of the Mili-tary Departments, Combatant Commands and Defense Agencies shall be available for reimbursement of pay, allowances and other expenses which would otherwise be incurred against appropriations for the National Guard and Reserve when members of the Na-tional Guard and Reserve provide intel-ligence or counterintelligence support to Combatant Commands, Defense Agencies and Joint Intelligence Activities, including the activities and programs included within the National Intelligence Program and the Mili-tary Intelligence Program: Provided , That 
nothing in this section authorizes deviation from established Reserve and National Guard personnel and training procedures. 
S
EC. 8044. (a) None of the funds available to 
the Department of Defense for any fiscal year for drug interdiction or counter-drug activities may be transferred to any other department or agency of the United States except as specifically provided in an appro-priations law. 
(b) None of the funds available to the Cen-
tral Intelligence Agency for any fiscal year for drug interdiction or counter-drug activi-ties may be transferred to any other depart-ment or agency of the United States except as specifically provided in an appropriations law. 
S
EC. 8045. None of the funds appropriated 
by this Act may be used for the procurement of ball and roller bearings other than those produced by a domestic source and of domes-tic origin: Provided , That the Secretary of 
the military department responsible for such procurement may waive this restriction on a case-by-case basis by certifying in writing to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate, that adequate domestic supplies are not available to meet Department of Defense re-quirements on a timely basis and that such an acquisition must be made in order to ac-quire capability for national security pur-poses: Provided further , That this restriction 
shall not apply to the purchase of ‘‘commer-cial items’’, as defined by section 103 of title 41, United States Code, except that the re-striction shall apply to ball or roller bear-ings purchased as end items. 
S
EC. 8046. In addition to the amounts ap-
propriated or otherwise made available else-where in this Act, $44,000,000 is hereby appro-priated to the Department of Defense: Pro-
vided , That upon the determination of the 
Secretary of Defense that it shall serve the national interest, the Secretary shall make grants in the amounts specified as follows: $20,000,000 to the United Service Organiza-tions and $24,000,000 to the Red Cross. 
S
EC. 8047. None of the funds in this Act 
may be used to purchase any supercomputer which is not manufactured in the United States, unless the Secretary of Defense cer-tifies to the congressional defense commit-tees that such an acquisition must be made in order to acquire capability for national se-curity purposes that is not available from United States manufacturers. 
S
EC. 8048. Notwithstanding any other pro-
vision in this Act, the Small Business Inno-vation Research program and the Small Business Technology Transfer program set- asides may be taken from programs, 
projects, or activities to the extent they con-tribute to the extramural budget. 
S
EC. 8049. None of the funds available to 
the Department of Defense under this Act shall be obligated or expended to pay a con-tractor under a contract with the Depart-ment of Defense for costs of any amount paid by the contractor to an employee when— 
(1) such costs are for a bonus or otherwise 
in excess of the normal salary paid by the contractor to the employee; and 
(2) such bonus is part of restructuring costs 
associated with a business combination. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  
SEC. 8050. During the current fiscal year, 
no more than $30,000,000 of appropriations made in this Act under the heading ‘‘Oper-ation and Maintenance, Defense-Wide’’ may be transferred to appropriations available for the pay of military personnel, to be merged with, and to be available for the same time period as the appropriations to which trans-ferred, to be used in support of such per-sonnel in connection with support and serv-ices for eligible organizations and activities outside the Department of Defense pursuant to section 2012 of title 10, United States Code. 
S
EC. 8051. During the current fiscal year, in 
the case of an appropriation account of the Department of Defense for which the period of availability for obligation has expired or which has closed under the provisions of sec-tion 1552 of title 31, United States Code, and which has a negative unliquidated or unex-pended balance, an obligation or an adjust-ment of an obligation may be charged to any current appropriation account for the same purpose as the expired or closed account if— 
(1) the obligation would have been properly 
chargeable (except as to amount) to the ex-pired or closed account before the end of the period of availability or closing of that ac-count; 
(2) the obligation is not otherwise properly 
chargeable to any current appropriation ac-count of the Department of Defense; and 
(3) in the case of an expired account, the 
obligation is not chargeable to a current ap-propriation of the Department of Defense under the provisions of section 1405(b)(8) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1991, Public Law 101–510, as amended (31 U.S.C. 1551 note): Provided , That 
in the case of an expired account, if subse-quent review or investigation discloses that there was not in fact a negative unliquidated or unexpended balance in the account, any charge to a current account under the au-thority of this section shall be reversed and recorded against the expired account: Pro-
vided further , That the total amount charged 
to a current appropriation under this section may not exceed an amount equal to 1 percent of the total appropriation for that account. 
S
EC. 8052. (a) Notwithstanding any other 
provision of law, the Chief of the National Guard Bureau may permit the use of equip-ment of the National Guard Distance Learn-ing Project by any person or entity on a space-available, reimbursable basis. The Chief of the National Guard Bureau shall es-tablish the amount of reimbursement for such use on a case-by-case basis. 
(b) Amounts collected under subsection (a) 
shall be credited to funds available for the National Guard Distance Learning Project and be available to defray the costs associ-ated with the use of equipment of the project under that subsection. Such funds shall be available for such purposes without fiscal year limitation. 
S
EC. 8053. Using funds made available by 
this Act or any other Act, the Secretary of the Air Force, pursuant to a determination under section 2690 of title 10, United States Code, may implement cost-effective agree-
ments for required heating facility mod-ernization in the Kaiserslautern Military Community in the Federal Republic of Ger-many: Provided , That in the City of 
Kaiserslautern and at the Rhine Ordnance Barracks area, such agreements will include the use of United States anthracite as the base load energy for municipal district heat to the United States Defense installations: Provided further , That at Landstuhl Army 
Regional Medical Center and Ramstein Air Base, furnished heat may be obtained from private, regional or municipal services, if provisions are included for the consideration of United States coal as an energy source. 
b1915 
AMENDMENT NO . 4 OFFERED BY MR . HUFFMAN  
Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Chairman, I 
have amendment No. 4 that is printed in the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD . 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Strike section 8053. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 303, the gentleman from California and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from California. 
Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Each year, the Department of De-
fense ships coal from Tamaqua, Penn-sylvania, about 3,000 miles away to an Air Force base in Germany, costing taxpayers millions of dollars more than if we simply treated this particular base like every other military base in the world. 
Why do we do this? Since 1972, each Defense Appropria-
tions act has included an earmark re-quiring that the Pentagon purchase an-thracite coal from Pennsylvania to heat this base in Kaiserslautern, Ger-many. This is wasteful spending, pure and simple. 
My bipartisan amendment, which I 
am offering with my colleague T
OM 
MCCLINTOCK , would finally remove this 
zombie earmark and save taxpayers millions of dollars each year. 
At its peak, this earmark mandated 
that the government purchase more than a million tons of anthracite coal each year to power overseas bases and installations, but today, the Depart-ment of Defense purchases only about 5,000 to 9,000 tons of coal annually, and it is to meet the requirements of this specific base in Kaiserslautern. It costs taxpayers millions of dollars each time. According to the last study we did on this, which was way back in 1989, the Department of Defense, the State Department, and the Department of Commerce jointly concluded that these mandates had cost U.S. tax-payers $1.1 billion, and that was 26 years ago, so it is a lot more since then. 
For decades, the Pentagon has urged 
Congress to remove this wasteful ear-mark and allow the use of cheaper fuel 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:30 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00075 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JN7.063 H10JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4082 June 10, 2015 
to power our military base in Ger-
many. President after President has urged the removal of this earmark— both Republicans and Democrats— every President since Jimmy Carter and including President Ronald Reagan. Today, we have an oppor-tunity to finally achieve that goal. 
I want to thank Mr. M
CCLINTOCK for 
his leadership in introducing this amendment with me. 
The passage of this amendment 
would be proof positive, I think, to Americans back home that Repub-licans and Democrats can work to-gether to cut wasteful spending. I urge my colleagues to support the Huffman- McClintock amendment. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to 
the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ). 
Mr. M CCLINTOCK. I thank the gen-
tleman for yielding. 
Mr. Chairman, I don’t support the 
war on coal that is waged by some of my friends on the left, but I do support the war on waste, and I support this amendment based upon that fiscal im-perative. 
Just a few weeks ago, so-called de-
fense hawks demanded spending well in excess of budget caps because, they said, our defense spending had been stretched to the breaking point. In light of those warnings, I find it inex-cusable that these scarce defense dol-lars would be so recklessly squandered to continue to fund a corrupt earmark from a disgraced and deceased Pennsyl-vania Congressman, an earmark that dates back more than 40 years. 
That earmark, as my friend has just 
said, requires that one—and only one— American Air Force base must pur-chase 9,000 tons of Pennsylvania an-thracite coal a year at the grossly in-flated price that is estimated to be about $20 million. That is about 80 per-cent more expensive than commonly used coal, and that doesn’t include the cost of transporting this overpriced coal across the Atlantic Ocean and halfway across the European con-tinent—a cost that is absorbed else-where in the Air Force budget. The ex-cuse is that we would otherwise be de-pendent on Putin, but that doesn’t hold water. No other U.S. military base in all of Europe is required to buy this coal, only Kaiserslautern. 
The Pentagon and successive Presi-
dents have consistently protested this waste, but these protests have fallen on deaf ears in Congress even while we are told our defense spending has been cut to the bone. 
If we don’t change the spending tra-
jectory of this government, the Con-gressional Budget Office warns, in the next 10 years, just paying the interest on the national debt will greatly ex-ceed our entire Defense budget. That makes rooting out waste like this a na-tional defense imperative. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair-
man, I rise in opposition to the amend-ment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from New Jersey is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair-
man, I am not an expert in coal, and I am not an expert in what these men de-scribe as an earmark, but I do know that coal is reliable, that it is cost-ef-fective, that it is domestically pro-duced, and that it has been used at this Air Force base for a long time. This provision both promotes domestic re-sources of energy and ensures that our bases and that particular base have a reliable, continuous source of energy for their daily operations. 
I don’t think we ought to dismiss the 
notion that Germany is under attack by Russian aggression, and Russia would at any time cut off fuel supplies, as they have done to other countries in Eastern Europe. Europe, as an area, as a continent, remains heavily reliant on Russia for its energy, and Russia uses its leverage on an annual basis to quiet potential opposition to that aggression in Ukraine and other parts of the re-gion. This is a stark reminder of how important it is to ensure that our mili-tary has a reliable domestic source of energy wherever it is in the world. This may be an unusual circumstance, but I see no reason to change it. I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on the amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Chairman, we 
have well over 30 other defense instal-lations in Germany and hundreds of others across the globe. To my knowl-edge—and I have made inquiries on this subject—not a single one of those in-stallations operates with a congres-sionally mandated fuel source like the one we are talking about here. The Kaiserslautern facility is, truly, one of a kind. 
This is a commonsense amendment 
that provides the Pentagon the flexi-bility to ensure that our military in-stallations continue to have reliable, 
cheaper, and cleaner energy sources in the years ahead. The congressional mandate in question was added to the Defense Appropriations bill over 40 years ago to an accumulated cost of well over $1 billion to the taxpayers. 
Mr. Chairman, this is not about our 
national security. This is not a weap-ons system. This is not funding to sup-port or protect our troops. This isn’t doing anything for our country or our national security except wasting tax-payer dollars and making one par-ticular coal company in eastern Penn-sylvania a little bit richer. 
I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘aye’’ 
and support this bipartisan amend-ment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from California (Mr. H
UFFMAN ). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Chairman, I de-
mand a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California will be postponed. The Clerk will read. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  
SEC. 8054. Of the funds appropriated in this 
Act under the heading ‘‘Operation and Main-tenance, Defense-wide’’, $20,000,000 shall be for support of high priority Sexual Assault Prevention and Response Program require-ments and activities, including the training and funding of personnel: Provided , That the 
funds are made available for transfer to the Department of the Army, the Department of the Navy, and the Department of the Air Force: Provided further , That funds trans-
ferred shall be merged with and available for the same purposes and for the same time pe-riod as the appropriations to which the funds are transferred: Provided further , That this 
transfer authority is in addition to any other transfer authority provided in this Act. 
S
EC. 8055. None of the funds appropriated in 
title IV of this Act may be used to procure end-items for delivery to military forces for operational training, operational use or in-ventory requirements: Provided , That this re-
striction does not apply to end-items used in development, prototyping, and test activi-ties preceding and leading to acceptance for operational use: Provided further , That this 
restriction does not apply to programs fund-ed within the National Intelligence Program: Provided further , That the Secretary of De-
fense may waive this restriction on a case- by-case basis by certifying in writing to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate that it is in the national security interest to do so. 
S
EC. 8056. (a) The Secretary of Defense 
may, on a case-by-case basis, waive with re-spect to a foreign country each limitation on the procurement of defense items from for-eign sources provided in law if the Secretary determines that the application of the limi-tation with respect to that country would in-validate cooperative programs entered into between the Department of Defense and the foreign country, or would invalidate recip-rocal trade agreements for the procurement of defense items entered into under section 2531 of title 10, United States Code, and the country does not discriminate against the same or similar defense items produced in the United States for that country. 
(b) Subsection (a) applies with respect to— 
(1) contracts and subcontracts entered into 
on or after the date of the enactment of this Act; and 
(2) options for the procurement of items 
that are exercised after such date under con-tracts that are entered into before such date if the option prices are adjusted for any rea-son other than the application of a waiver granted under subsection (a). 
(c) Subsection (a) does not apply to a limi-
tation regarding construction of public ves-sels, ball and roller bearings, food, and cloth-ing or textile materials as defined by section XI (chapters 50–65) of the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States and products classified under headings 4010, 4202, 4203, 6401 through 6406, 6505, 7019, 7218 through 7229, 7304.41 through 7304.49, 7306.40, 7502 through 7508, 8105, 8108, 8109, 8211, 8215, and 9404. 
S
EC. 8057. (a) I NGENERAL .— 
(1) None of the funds made available by 
this Act may be used for any training, equip-ment, or other assistance for a unit of a for-eign security force if the Secretary of De-fense has credible information that the unit has committed a gross violation of human rights. 
(2) The Secretary of Defense, in consulta-
tion with the Secretary of State, shall en-sure that prior to a decision to provide any training, equipment, or other assistance to a unit of a foreign security force full consider-ation is given to any credible information 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:30 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00076 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JN7.141 H10JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4083 June 10, 2015 
available to the Department of State relat-
ing to human rights violations by such unit. 
(b) E XCEPTION .—The prohibition in sub-
section (a)(1) shall not apply if the Secretary of Defense, after consultation with the Sec-retary of State, determines that the govern-ment of such country has taken all nec-essary corrective steps, or if the equipment or other assistance is necessary to assist in disaster relief operations or other humani-tarian or national security emergencies. 
(c) W
AIVER .—The Secretary of Defense, 
after consultation with the Secretary of State, may waive the prohibition in sub-section (a)(1) if the Secretary of Defense de-termines that such waiver is required by ex-traordinary circumstances. 
(d) P
ROCEDURES .—The Secretary of Defense 
shall establish, and periodically update, pro-cedures to ensure that any information in the possession of the Department of Defense about gross violations of human rights by units of foreign security forces is shared on a timely basis with the Department of State. 
(e) R
EPORT .—Not more than 15 days after 
the application of any exception under sub-section (b) or the exercise of any waiver under subsection (c), the Secretary of De-fense shall submit to the appropriate con-gressional committees a report— 
(1) in the case of an exception under sub-
section (b), providing notice of the use of the exception and stating the grounds for the ex-ception; and 
(2) in the case of a waiver under subsection 
(c), describing the information relating to the gross violation of human rights; the ex-traordinary circumstances that necessitate the waiver; the purpose and duration of the training, equipment, or other assistance; and the United States forces and the foreign se-curity force unit involved. 
S
EC. 8058. None of the funds appropriated 
or otherwise made available by this or other Department of Defense Appropriations Acts may be obligated or expended for the purpose of performing repairs or maintenance to military family housing units of the Depart-ment of Defense, including areas in such military family housing units that may be used for the purpose of conducting official Department of Defense business. 
S
EC. 8059. Notwithstanding any other pro-
vision of law, funds appropriated in this Act under the heading ‘‘Research, Development, Test and Evaluation, Defense-Wide’’ for any new start advanced concept technology dem-onstration project or joint capability dem-onstration project may only be obligated 45 days after a report, including a description of the project, the planned acquisition and transition strategy and its estimated annual and total cost, has been provided in writing to the congressional defense committees: Provided , That the Secretary of Defense may 
waive this restriction on a case-by-case basis by certifying to the congressional defense committees that it is in the national inter-est to do so. 
S
EC. 8060. The Secretary of Defense shall 
provide a classified quarterly report begin-ning 30 days after enactment of this Act, to the House and Senate Appropriations Com-mittees, Subcommittees on Defense on cer-tain matters as directed in the classified annex accompanying this Act. 
S
EC. 8061. Notwithstanding section 12310(b) 
of title 10, United States Code, a Reserve who is a member of the National Guard serv-ing on full-time National Guard duty under section 502(f) of title 32, United States Code, may perform duties in support of the ground- based elements of the National Ballistic Mis-sile Defense System. 
S
EC. 8062. None of the funds provided in 
this Act may be used to transfer to any non-governmental entity ammunition held by the Department of Defense that has a center- fire cartridge and a United States military 
nomenclature designation of ‘‘armor pene-trator’’, ‘‘armor piercing (AP)’’, ‘‘armor piercing incendiary (API)’’, or ‘‘armor-pierc-ing incendiary tracer (API–T)’’, except to an entity performing demilitarization services for the Department of Defense under a con-tract that requires the entity to dem-onstrate to the satisfaction of the Depart-ment of Defense that armor piercing projec-tiles are either: (1) rendered incapable of reuse by the demilitarization process; or (2) used to manufacture ammunition pursuant to a contract with the Department of De-fense or the manufacture of ammunition for export pursuant to a License for Permanent Export of Unclassified Military Articles issued by the Department of State. 
S
EC. 8063. Notwithstanding any other pro-
vision of law, the Chief of the National Guard Bureau, or his designee, may waive payment of all or part of the consideration that otherwise would be required under sec-tion 2667 of title 10, United States Code, in the case of a lease of personal property for a period not in excess of 1 year to any organi-zation specified in section 508(d) of title 32, United States Code, or any other youth, so-cial, or fraternal nonprofit organization as may be approved by the Chief of the National Guard Bureau, or his designee, on a case-by- case basis. 
S
EC. 8064. None of the funds appropriated 
by this Act shall be used for the support of any nonappropriated funds activity of the Department of Defense that procures malt beverages and wine with nonappropriated funds for resale (including such alcoholic beverages sold by the drink) on a military installation located in the United States un-less such malt beverages and wine are pro-cured within that State, or in the case of the District of Columbia, within the District of Columbia, in which the military installation is located: Provided , That in a case in which 
the military installation is located in more than one State, purchases may be made in any State in which the installation is lo-cated: Provided further , That such local pro-
curement requirements for malt beverages and wine shall apply to all alcoholic bev-erages only for military installations in States which are not contiguous with an-other State: Provided further , That alcoholic 
beverages other than wine and malt bev-erages, in contiguous States and the District of Columbia shall be procured from the most competitive source, price and other factors considered. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  
SEC. 8065. Of the amounts appropriated in 
this Act under the heading ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Army’’, $76,611,750 shall remain available until expended: Provided , That not-
withstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary of Defense is authorized to trans-fer such funds to other activities of the Fed-eral Government: Provided further , That the 
Secretary of Defense is authorized to enter into and carry out contracts for the acquisi-tion of real property, construction, personal services, and operations related to projects carrying out the purposes of this section: Provided further , That contracts entered into 
under the authority of this section may pro-vide for such indemnification as the Sec-retary determines to be necessary: Provided 
further , That projects authorized by this sec-
tion shall comply with applicable Federal, State, and local law to the maximum extent consistent with the national security, as de-termined by the Secretary of Defense. 
S
EC. 8066. (a) None of the funds appro-
priated in this or any other Act may be used to take any action to modify— 
(1) the appropriations account structure 
for the National Intelligence Program budg-et, including through the creation of a new 
appropriation or new appropriation account; 
(2) how the National Intelligence Program 
budget request is presented in the unclassi-fied P–1, R–1, and O–1 documents supporting the Department of Defense budget request; 
(3) the process by which the National Intel-
ligence Program appropriations are appor-tioned to the executing agencies; or 
(4) the process by which the National Intel-
ligence Program appropriations are allotted, obligated and disbursed. 
(b) Nothing in section (a) shall be con-
strued to prohibit the merger of programs or changes to the National Intelligence Pro-gram budget at or below the Expenditure Center level, provided such change is other-wise in accordance with paragraphs (a)(1)-(3). 
(c) The Director of National Intelligence 
and the Secretary of Defense may jointly, only for the purposes of achieving auditable financial statements and improving fiscal re-porting, study and develop detailed proposals for alternative financial management proc-esses. Such study shall include a comprehen-sive counterintelligence risk assessment to ensure that none of the alternative processes will adversely affect counterintelligence. 
(d) Upon development of the detailed pro-
posals defined under subsection (c), the Di-rector of National Intelligence and the Sec-retary of Defense shall— 
(1) provide the proposed alternatives to all 
affected agencies; 
(2) receive certification from all affected 
agencies attesting that the proposed alter-natives will help achieve auditability, im-prove fiscal reporting, and will not adversely affect counterintelligence; and 
(3) not later than 30 days after receiving all 
necessary certifications under paragraph (2), present the proposed alternatives and certifi-cations to the congressional defense and in-telligence committees. 
(e) This section shall not be construed to 
alter or affect the application of section 1623 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 to the amounts made available by this Act. 
S
EC. 8067. In addition to amounts provided 
elsewhere in this Act, $5,000,000 is hereby ap-propriated to the Department of Defense, to remain available for obligation until ex-pended: Provided , That notwithstanding any 
other provision of law, that upon the deter-mination of the Secretary of Defense that it shall serve the national interest, these funds shall be available only for a grant to the Fisher House Foundation, Inc., only for the construction and furnishing of additional Fisher Houses to meet the needs of military family members when confronted with the illness or hospitalization of an eligible mili-tary beneficiary. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  
SEC. 8068. Of the amounts appropriated in 
this Act under the headings ‘‘Procurement, Defense-Wide’’ and ‘‘Research, Development, Test and Evaluation, Defense-Wide’’, $487,595,000 shall be for the Israeli Coopera-tive Programs: Provided , That of this 
amount, $55,000,000 shall be for the Secretary of Defense to provide to the Government of Israel for the procurement of the Iron Dome defense system to counter short-range rock-et threats, subject to the U.S.-Israel Iron Dome Procurement Agreement, as amended; $286,526,000 shall be for the Short Range Bal-listic Missile Defense (SRBMD) program, in-cluding cruise missile defense research and development under the SRBMD program, of which $15,000,000 shall be for production ac-tivities of SRBMD missiles in the United States and in Israel to meet Israel’s defense requirements consistent with each nation’s laws, regulations, and procedures; $89,550,000 shall be for an upper-tier component to the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:30 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00077 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JN7.065 H10JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4084 June 10, 2015 
Israeli Missile Defense Architecture; and 
$56,519,000 shall be for the Arrow System Im-provement Program including development of a long range, ground and airborne, detec-tion suite: Provided further , That funds made 
available under this provision for production of missiles and missile components may be transferred to appropriations available for the procurement of weapons and equipment, to be merged with and to be available for the same time period and the same purposes as the appropriation to which transferred: Pro-
vided further , That the transfer authority 
provided under this provision is in addition to any other transfer authority contained in this Act. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  
SEC. 8069. Of the amounts appropriated in 
this Act under the heading ‘‘Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy’’, $389,305,000 shall be available until September 30, 2016, to fund prior year shipbuilding cost increases: Pro-
vided , That upon enactment of this Act, the 
Secretary of the Navy shall transfer funds to the following appropriations in the amounts specified: Provided further , That the amounts 
transferred shall be merged with and be available for the same purposes as the appro-priations to which transferred to: 
(1) Under the heading ‘‘Shipbuilding and 
Conversion, Navy’’, 2008/2016: Carrier Re-placement Program $123,760,000; 
(2) Under the heading ‘‘Shipbuilding and 
Conversion, Navy’’, 2009/2016: LPD–17 Am-phibious Transport Dock Program $22,860,000; 
(3) Under the heading ‘‘Shipbuilding and 
Conversion, Navy’’, 2012/2016: CVN Refueling Overhauls Program $20,029,000; 
(4) Under the heading ‘‘Shipbuilding and 
Conversion, Navy’’, 2012/2016: DDG–51 De-stroyer $75,014,000; 
(5) Under the heading ‘‘Shipbuilding and 
Conversion, Navy’’, 2012/2016: Littoral Com-bat Ship $82,674,000; 
(6) Under the heading ‘‘Shipbuilding and 
Conversion, Navy’’, 2012/2016: Amphibious Transport Dock Program $38,733,000; 
(7) Under the heading ‘‘Shipbuilding and 
Conversion, Navy’’, 2012/2016: Joint High Speed Vessel $22,597,000; and 
(8) Under the heading ‘‘Shipbuilding and 
Conversion, Navy’’, 2013/2016: Joint High Speed Vessel $3,638,000. 
S
EC. 8070. Funds appropriated by this Act, 
or made available by the transfer of funds in this Act, for intelligence activities are deemed to be specifically authorized by the Congress for purposes of section 504 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3094) during fiscal year 2016 until the enactment of the Intelligence Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016. 
S
EC. 8071. None of the funds provided in 
this Act shall be available for obligation or expenditure through a reprogramming of funds that creates or initiates a new pro-gram, project, or activity unless such pro-gram, project, or activity must be under-taken immediately in the interest of na-tional security and only after written prior notification to the congressional defense committees. 
S
EC. 8072. The budget of the President for 
fiscal year 2017 submitted to the Congress pursuant to section 1105 of title 31, United States Code, shall include separate budget justification documents for costs of United States Armed Forces’ participation in con-tingency operations for the Military Per-sonnel accounts, the Operation and Mainte-nance accounts, the Procurement accounts, and the Research, Development, Test and Evaluation accounts: Provided , That these 
documents shall include a description of the funding requested for each contingency oper-ation, for each military service, to include all Active and Reserve components, and for each appropriations account: Provided fur-
ther, That these documents shall include es-
timated costs for each element of expense or object class, a reconciliation of increases and decreases for each contingency operation, and programmatic data including, but not limited to, troop strength for each Active and Reserve component, and estimates of the major weapons systems deployed in support of each contingency: Provided further , That 
these documents shall include budget exhib-its OP–5 and OP–32 (as defined in the Depart-ment of Defense Financial Management Reg-ulation) for all contingency operations for the budget year and the two preceding fiscal years. 
S
EC. 8073. None of the funds in this Act 
may be used for research, development, test, evaluation, procurement or deployment of nuclear armed interceptors of a missile de-fense system. 
S
EC. 8074. Notwithstanding any other pro-
vision of this Act, to reflect savings due to favorable foreign exchange rates, the total amount appropriated in this Act is hereby reduced by $1,152,206,000. 
S
EC. 8075. None of the funds appropriated 
or made available in this Act shall be used to reduce or disestablish the operation of the 53rd Weather Reconnaissance Squadron of the Air Force Reserve, if such action would reduce the WC–130 Weather Reconnaissance mission below the levels funded in this Act: Provided , That the Air Force shall allow the 
53rd Weather Reconnaissance Squadron to perform other missions in support of na-tional defense requirements during the non- hurricane season. 
S
EC. 8076. None of the funds provided in 
this Act shall be available for integration of foreign intelligence information unless the information has been lawfully collected and processed during the conduct of authorized foreign intelligence activities: Provided , That 
information pertaining to United States per-sons shall only be handled in accordance with protections provided in the Fourth Amendment of the United States Constitu-tion as implemented through Executive Order No. 12333. 
S
EC. 8077. (a) At the time members of re-
serve components of the Armed Forces are called or ordered to active duty under sec-tion 12302(a) of title 10, United States Code, each member shall be notified in writing of the expected period during which the mem-ber will be mobilized. 
(b) The Secretary of Defense may waive 
the requirements of subsection (a) in any case in which the Secretary determines that it is necessary to do so to respond to a na-tional security emergency or to meet dire operational requirements of the Armed Forces. 
S
EC. 8078. (a) None of the funds appro-
priated by this Act may be used to transfer research and development, acquisition, or other program authority relating to current tactical unmanned aerial vehicles (TUAVs) from the Army. 
(b) The Army shall retain responsibility 
for and operational control of the MQ–1C Gray Eagle Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) in order to support the Secretary of Defense in matters relating to the employment of un-manned aerial vehicles. 
S
EC. 8079. Up to $15,000,000 of the funds ap-
propriated under the heading ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Navy’’ may be made available for the Asia Pacific Regional Initiative Pro-gram for the purpose of enabling the Pacific Command to execute Theater Security Co-operation activities such as humanitarian assistance, and payment of incremental and personnel costs of training and exercising with foreign security forces: Provided , That 
funds made available for this purpose may be used, notwithstanding any other funding au-thorities for humanitarian assistance, secu-
rity assistance or combined exercise ex-penses: Provided further , That funds may not 
be obligated to provide assistance to any for-eign country that is otherwise prohibited from receiving such type of assistance under any other provision of law. 
S
EC. 8080. None of the funds appropriated 
by this Act for programs of the Office of the Director of National Intelligence shall re-main available for obligation beyond the current fiscal year, except for funds appro-priated for research and technology, which shall remain available until September 30, 2017. 
S
EC. 8081. For purposes of section 1553(b) of 
title 31, United States Code, any subdivision of appropriations made in this Act under the heading ‘‘Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy’’ shall be considered to be for the same purpose as any subdivision under the heading ‘‘Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy’’ appro-priations in any prior fiscal year, and the 1 percent limitation shall apply to the total amount of the appropriation. 
S
EC. 8082. (a) Not later than 60 days after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Direc-tor of National Intelligence shall submit a report to the congressional intelligence com-mittees to establish the baseline for applica-tion of reprogramming and transfer authori-ties for fiscal year 2016: Provided , That the 
report shall include— 
(1) a table for each appropriation with a 
separate column to display the President’s budget request, adjustments made by Con-gress, adjustments due to enacted rescis-sions, if appropriate, and the fiscal year en-acted level; 
(2) a delineation in the table for each ap-
propriation by Expenditure Center and project; and 
(3) an identification of items of special 
congressional interest. 
(b) None of the funds provided for the Na-
tional Intelligence Program in this Act shall be available for reprogramming or transfer until the report identified in subsection (a) is submitted to the congressional intelligence committees, unless the Director of National Intelligence certifies in writing to the con-gressional intelligence committees that such 
reprogramming or transfer is necessary as an emergency requirement. 
S
EC. 8083. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used to eliminate, re-structure, or realign Army Contracting Com-mand–New Jersey or make disproportionate personnel reductions at any Army Con-tracting Command–New Jersey sites without 30-day prior notification to the congressional defense committees. 
S
EC. 8084. None of the funds made available 
by this Act for excess defense articles, assist-ance under section 1206 of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2006 (Public Law 109–163; 119 Stat. 3456), or peace-keeping operations for the countries des-ignated annually to be in violation of the standards of the Child Soldiers Prevention Act of 2008 (Public Law 110–457; 22 U.S.C. 2370c-1) may be used to support any military training or operation that includes child sol-diers, as defined by the Child Soldiers Pre-vention Act of 2008, unless such assistance is otherwise permitted under section 404 of the Child Soldiers Prevention Act of 2008. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  
SEC. 8085. Of the funds appropriated in the 
Intelligence Community Management Ac-count for the Program Manager for the In-formation Sharing Environment, $20,000,000 is available for transfer by the Director of National Intelligence to other departments and agencies for purposes of Government- wide information sharing activities: Pro-
vided , That funds transferred under this pro-
vision are to be merged with and available 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:30 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00078 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JN7.065 H10JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4085 June 10, 2015 
for the same purposes and time period as the 
appropriation to which transferred: Provided 
further , That the Office of Management and 
Budget must approve any transfers made under this provision. 
S
EC. 8086. (a) None of the funds provided for 
the National Intelligence Program in this or any prior appropriations Act shall be avail-able for obligation or expenditure through a reprogramming or transfer of funds in ac-cordance with section 102A(d) of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3024(d)) that— 
(1) creates a new start effort; (2) terminates a program with appropriated 
funding of $10,000,000 or more; 
(3) transfers funding into or out of the Na-
tional Intelligence Program; or 
(4) transfers funding between appropria-
tions, unless the congressional intelligence committees are notified 30 days in advance of such reprogramming of funds; this notifi-cation period may be reduced for urgent na-tional security requirements. 
(b) None of the funds provided for the Na-
tional Intelligence Program in this or any prior appropriations Act shall be available for obligation or expenditure through a re-programming or transfer of funds in accord-ance with section 102A(d) of the National Se-curity Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3024(d)) that re-sults in a cumulative increase or decrease of the levels specified in the classified annex accompanying the Act unless the congres-sional intelligence committees are notified 30 days in advance of such reprogramming of funds; this notification period may be re-duced for urgent national security require-ments. 
S
EC. 8087. The Director of National Intel-
ligence shall submit to Congress each year, at or about the time that the President’s budget is submitted to Congress that year under section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, a future-years intelligence pro-gram (including associated annexes) reflect-ing the estimated expenditures and proposed appropriations included in that budget. Any such future-years intelligence program shall cover the fiscal year with respect to which the budget is submitted and at least the four succeeding fiscal years. 
S
EC. 8088. For the purposes of this Act, the 
term ‘‘congressional intelligence commit-tees’’ means the Permanent Select Com-mittee on Intelligence of the House of Rep-resentatives, the Select Committee on Intel-ligence of the Senate, the Subcommittee on Defense of the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives, and the Subcommittee on Defense of the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate. 
S
EC. 8089. The Department of Defense shall 
continue to report incremental contingency operations costs for Operation Inherent Re-solve, Operation Freedom’s Sentinel, and any named successor operations, on a monthly basis and any other operation des-ignated and identified by the Secretary of Defense for the purposes of section 127a of title 10, United States Code, on a semi-an-nual basis in the Cost of War Execution Re-port as prescribed in the Department of De-fense Financial Management Regulation De-partment of Defense Instruction 7000.14, Vol-ume 12, Chapter 23 ‘‘Contingency Oper-ations’’, Annex 1, dated September 2005. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  
SEC. 8090. During the current fiscal year, 
not to exceed $11,000,000 from each of the ap-propriations made in title II of this Act for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Army’’, ‘‘Oper-ation and Maintenance, Navy’’, and ‘‘Oper-ation and Maintenance, Air Force’’ may be transferred by the military department con-cerned to its central fund established for Fisher Houses and Suites pursuant to section 2493(d) of title 10, United States Code. (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  
SEC. 8091. Funds appropriated by this Act 
may be available for the purpose of making remittances and transfers to the Defense Ac-quisition Workforce Development Fund in accordance with section 1705 of title 10, United States Code. 
S
EC. 8092. (a) Any agency receiving funds 
made available in this Act, shall, subject to subsections (b) and (c), post on the public Web site of that agency any report required to be submitted by the Congress in this or any other Act, upon the determination by the head of the agency that it shall serve the national interest. 
(b) Subsection (a) shall not apply to a re-
port if— 
(1) the public posting of the report com-
promises national security; or 
(2) the report contains proprietary infor-
mation. 
(c) The head of the agency posting such re-
port shall do so only after such report has been made available to the requesting Com-mittee or Committees of Congress for no less than 45 days. 
S
EC. 8093. (a) None of the funds appro-
priated or otherwise made available by this Act may be expended for any Federal con-tract for an amount in excess of $1,000,000, unless the contractor agrees not to— 
(1) enter into any agreement with any of 
its employees or independent contractors that requires, as a condition of employment, that the employee or independent contractor agree to resolve through arbitration any claim under title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 or any tort related to or arising out of sexual assault or harassment, including assault and battery, intentional infliction of emotional distress, false imprisonment, or negligent hiring, supervision, or retention; or 
(2) take any action to enforce any provi-
sion of an existing agreement with an em-ployee or independent contractor that man-dates that the employee or independent con-tractor resolve through arbitration any claim under title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 or any tort related to or arising out of sexual assault or harassment, including assault and battery, intentional infliction of emotional distress, false imprisonment, or negligent hiring, supervision, or retention. 
(b) None of the funds appropriated or oth-
erwise made available by this Act may be ex-pended for any Federal contract unless the contractor certifies that it requires each covered subcontractor to agree not to enter into, and not to take any action to enforce any provision of, any agreement as described in paragraphs (1) and (2) of subsection (a), with respect to any employee or independent contractor performing work related to such subcontract. For purposes of this subsection, a ‘‘covered subcontractor’’ is an entity that has a subcontract in excess of $1,000,000 on a contract subject to subsection (a). 
(c) The prohibitions in this section do not 
apply with respect to a contractor’s or sub-contractor’s agreements with employees or independent contractors that may not be en-forced in a court of the United States. 
(d) The Secretary of Defense may waive 
the application of subsection (a) or (b) to a particular contractor or subcontractor for the purposes of a particular contract or sub-contract if the Secretary or the Deputy Sec-retary personally determines that the waiver is necessary to avoid harm to national secu-rity interests of the United States, and that the term of the contract or subcontract is not longer than necessary to avoid such harm. The determination shall set forth with specificity the grounds for the waiver and for the contract or subcontract term selected, and shall state any alternatives considered in lieu of a waiver and the reasons each such 
alternative would not avoid harm to na-tional security interests of the United States. The Secretary of Defense shall trans-mit to Congress, and simultaneously make public, any determination under this sub-section not less than 15 business days before the contract or subcontract addressed in the determination may be awarded. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  
SEC. 8094. From within the funds appro-
priated for operation and maintenance for the Defense Health Program in this Act, up to $121,000,000, shall be available for transfer to the Joint Department of Defense-Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs Medical Facility Demonstration Fund in accordance with the provisions of section 1704 of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010, Public Law 111–84: Provided , That for pur-
poses of section 1704(b), the facility oper-ations funded are operations of the inte-grated Captain James A. Lovell Federal Health Care Center, consisting of the North Chicago Veterans Affairs Medical Center, the Navy Ambulatory Care Center, and sup-porting facilities designated as a combined Federal medical facility as described by sec-tion 706 of Public Law 110–417: Provided fur-
ther, That additional funds may be trans-
ferred from funds appropriated for operation and maintenance for the Defense Health Pro-gram to the Joint Department of Defense- Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Fa-cility Demonstration Fund upon written no-tification by the Secretary of Defense to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate. 
S
EC. 8095. The Office of the Director of Na-
tional Intelligence shall not employ more senior executive employees than are speci-fied in the classified annex. 
S
EC. 8096. Appropriations available to the 
Department of Defense may be used for the purchase of heavy and light armored vehicles for the physical security of personnel or for force protection purposes up to a limit of $450,000 per vehicle, notwithstanding price or other limitations applicable to the purchase of passenger carrying vehicles. 
S
EC. 8097. None of the funds appropriated 
or otherwise made available by this Act or any other Act may be used by the Depart-ment of Defense or a component thereof in contravention of sections 1661, 1662, or 1663 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016. 
S
EC. 8098. The Secretary of Defense shall 
report quarterly the numbers of civilian per-sonnel end strength by appropriation ac-count for each and every appropriation ac-count used to finance Federal civilian per-sonnel salaries to the congressional defense committees within 15 days after the end of each fiscal quarter. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  
SEC. 8099. Upon a determination by the Di-
rector of National Intelligence that such ac-tion is necessary and in the national inter-est, the Director may, with the approval of the Office of Management and Budget, trans-fer not to exceed $1,000,000,000 of the funds made available in this Act for the National Intelligence Program: Provided , That such 
authority to transfer may not be used unless for higher priority items, based on unfore-seen intelligence requirements, than those for which originally appropriated and in no case where the item for which funds are re-quested has been denied by the Congress: Provided further , That a request for multiple 
reprogrammings of funds using authority provided in this section shall be made prior to June 30, 2016. 
S
EC. 8100. None of the funds appropriated 
or otherwise made available in this or any other Act may be used to transfer, release, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:30 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00079 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JN7.065 H10JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4086 June 10, 2015 
or assist in the transfer or release to or with-
in the United States, its territories, or pos-sessions Khalid Sheikh Mohammed or any other detainee who— 
(1) is not a United States citizen or a mem-
ber of the Armed Forces of the United States; and 
(2) is or was held on or after June 24, 2009, 
at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, by the Department of Defense. 
b1930 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . VISCLOSKY  
Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chairman, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR (Mr. H ARDY ). The 
Clerk will report the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Strike section 8100. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 303, the gentleman from Indiana and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Indiana. 
Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chairman, the 
amendment that I have offered deals with the detainees at Guantanamo Bay. I would suggest to my colleagues that the continued operation of the fa-cility at Guantanamo Bay reduces our Nation’s credibility and weakens our national security by providing ter-rorist organizations with recruitment material. 
I do regret that the bill and other rel-
evant appropriations acts continue this or any attempts to close Guantanamo by prohibiting viable alternatives. Also, as we are debating an appropria-tion bill, and this committee has to pay for things, I think it is appropriate to discuss the cost of the detention fa-cility at Guantanamo. We are now spending approximately $2.7 million annually per inmate, which is about 35 times the cost per inmate in a super-maximum Federal prison in the United States. 
The United States Government has 
transferred approximately 620 detain-ees from Guantanamo since May of 2002, with 532 transfers occurring dur-ing President Bush’s administration and slightly in excess of 88 transfers occurring during the current adminis-tration. 
Nearly 500 defendants charged with 
crimes related to international ter-rorism have been—and I would empha-size this to my colleagues—successfully convicted in the United States since 2001. It includes one former GTMO de-tainee who was tried in New York City, the Times Square bomber; Richard Reid, the shoe bomber; and others. All of them are incarcerated in our Federal prisons throughout the United States, and there have been no security inci-dents. Further, there are six Defense Department facilities where Guanta-namo Bay detainees could be held in the United States that are currently only at 48 percent of their end capac-ity. 
I would ask my colleagues to adopt 
this amendment so we could move for-ward. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair-
man, I rise in opposition to the amend-ment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from New Jersey is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I yield to the 
gentleman from Virginia (Mr. W
ITT-
MAN), who is a member of the House 
Permanent Select Committee on Intel-ligence. 
Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
in opposition to the amendment. These important provisions that are already included in the law have been included in the past several appropriations bills for several years running, and there is a reason that they are there. This wording represents a strong and endur-ing consensus in Congress that Guanta-namo should remain open and that de-tainees should not be transferred to the United States for any reason. This is debated back and forth in agreement on both sides of the aisle. 
Striking these provisions would have 
unknown consequences for a number of U.S. communities, and it is impossible for any of us to know how many de-tainees might be brought there, where they might be held, and the impacts on communities and facilities that are holding them. It is also impossible to know what the cost might be, so we are asking for this unknown to be pursued without knowing the risks or knowing the costs. 
Putting detainees in U.S. prisons, as 
the administration originally proposed, would be disruptive and potentially disastrous. We know former FBI Direc-tor Mueller had stated: To transfer de-tainees to local jails could affect or in-fect other prisoners or have the capa-bility of affecting events outside the prison system. 
The last thing we need today in the 
face of ISIS is to convert more folks to extremism. The idea of bringing de-tainees for trials in the United States quickly collapsed as local jurisdictions voiced their strong opposition. We heard that across the United States. 
As everyone here is aware, several 
detainees that have been released from Guantanamo have gone back to the fight and killed and wounded Ameri-cans. The threat is real, and Guanta-namo is already equipped to handle the detention and military trial of these individuals as appropriate. Any pro-posal that results in these detainees being sent to the United States for any reason is simply the wrong policy. We have tread this ground time and time and time again. 
I therefore oppose the amendment 
and urge my colleagues to vote against this amendment. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Reclaiming 
my time, let me thank the gentleman for his comments, and may I add em-phasis to what he said. 
The thought that people that have 
been released from Guantanamo have gone back to the fight and been in-volved in the killing of Americans in the Middle East is repugnant and makes all of us angry. That is literally 
what has happened. We read about it in open sources, and we can speculate be-cause I think sometimes these things are not reported, that a lot of these people that have been released have gone back and actually headed up ef-forts to ambush our soldiers and kill our soldiers and seek vengeance. In re-ality, I am glad these people continue to be locked away. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chair, I would 
simply say that the gentleman from Virginia noted that there is suppo-sition and unknown in the future, and that is certainly correct. What is known is that we are a nation of laws, and our military protects this country so that we can continue to be governed by those laws. I, for one, happen to think that the indefinite detention of any human being without a trial is vio-lative of those laws, and that that is a foundational principle of our Nation, and we ought to conduct ourselves ac-cordingly. I would ask my colleagues to support the amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Indiana (Mr. V
ISCLOSKY ). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chairman, I de-
mand a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Indiana will be postponed. 
The Clerk will read. The Clerk read as follows: 
SEC. 8101. (a) None of the funds appro-
priated or otherwise made available in this or any other Act may be used to construct, acquire, or modify any facility in the United States, its territories, or possessions to house any individual described in subsection (c) for the purposes of detention or imprison-ment in the custody or under the effective control of the Department of Defense. 
(b) The prohibition in subsection (a) shall 
not apply to any modification of facilities at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. 
(c) An individual described in this sub-
section is any individual who, as of June 24, 2009, is located at United States Naval Sta-tion, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, and who— 
(1) is not a citizen of the United States or 
a member of the Armed Forces of the United States; and 
(2) is— (A) in the custody or under the effective 
control of the Department of Defense; or 
(B) otherwise under detention at United 
States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . NADLER  
Mr. NADLER. Mr. Chairman, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Strike section 8101. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 303, the gentleman from New York and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:30 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00080 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JN7.065 H10JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4087 June 10, 2015 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from New York. 
Mr. NADLER. I yield myself such 
time as I may consume. 
Mr. Chairman, I rise to offer an 
amendment which would strike the section of the bill restricting the use of funds for building and modifying facili-ties in the United States to house pris-oners presently at Guantanamo Bay. 
The argument for why we should 
strike this section is straightforward. The detainees at Guantanamo Bay must be brought to justice. Those who are guilty of terrorism need to be tried and punished in a swift and judicious manner. Any detainee who is innocent should, with equal speed and sincerity, be released. 
Two cases exemplify this argument 
and underline the importance of this amendment. The first is Khalid Sheikh Mohammed, the mastermind behind the attack on the United States on 9/11. Since 2006, Mr. Mohammed has been de-tained at Guantanamo, where he has yet to be tried, convicted, or appro-priately punished for his heinous ac-tions. Justice for the victims, for the families who lost loved ones at the World Trade Center, at the Pentagon, and in Pennsylvania must be carried out. So far, this has not happened. 
At the same time, while they haven’t 
managed to try and convict anyone at Guantanamo, more than 400 terrorists, including the 9/11 conspirator Zacarias Moussaoui, have been tried, convicted, and sentenced in the Federal courts in the United States without incident and in a manner befitting the American justice system. No convicted terrorist has ever escaped from a U.S. prison, and no prison has ever been com-promised or been subject to an attack because of the dangerous persons being held within. 
The second case I want to mention is 
of Mr. Shaker Aamer, which came to my attention in a recent New York Times editorial or op-ed piece authored by a bipartisan group of British mem-bers of Parliament. In November 2001, Mr. Aamer, a British permanent resi-dent, was doing charity work in Af-ghanistan when he was picked up by the Northern Alliance, sold to Ameri-cans for a bounty, and taken to Bagram prison before being moved to Guantanamo in February 2002. He was cleared for release by President Bush in 2007 and cleared again by President Obama in 2010. Six different U.S. agen-cies agreed, including the CIA, the FBI, the Departments of State and Defense, while Prime Minister David Cameron and the House of Commons unani-mously have called for Mr. Aamer’s im-mediate release and transfer to Brit-ain. 
b1945 
So far, this has not happened. Mr. 
Aamer has never been charged with anything and has twice been cleared for transfer. Every American agency that has looked at this says that he has not been a terrorist and did not fight against the United States. There is no 
reason for him to remain in this custo-dial purgatory; yet he remains a de-tainee at the Guantanamo Bay facility. 
As long as this provision remains in 
the bill, people like Mr. Aamer, guilty of nothing—not terrorists, not fighters against the United States—will be un-justly imprisoned, and people like Khalid Sheikh Mohammed who are guilty—probably, we think—of ter-rorism will not be tried. 
For too long, the terrible people in 
Guantanamo have avoided facing the consequences of answering to a U.S. court for their horrendous actions, while innocent detainees are denied re-course for continuing their detention. 
The United States must not keep 
people in prison indefinitely for no rea-son, with no trial. The opponents of this amendment must not share my faith in America’s courts to deliver jus-tice. For hundreds of years, our legal system has kept Americans safe by im-prisoning dangerous individuals while protecting those who are innocent of any charges. 
Time and time again, Federal courts 
have successfully proven their ability to convict criminals and terrorists without violating the rights of due process. This amendment represents a return to our founding principles, that no person may be deprived of liberty without due process of law. 
Without this amendment, we will 
continue to hold terrorists and inno-cents alike, indefinitely and without charge, contrary to every tradition this country stands for. 
We must close this facility, try these 
people, release the innocent, and re-store our national honor. 
I urge support of this amendment, 
and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair-
man, I claim the time in opposition. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from New Jersey is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair-
man, I yield to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. W
ITTMAN ). 
Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
again in opposition to this amendment. 
We see that today, Guantanamo is 
equipped to hold these detainees. The military tribunals there, if allowed to do so, are able to try these detainees. Again, they were captured under the rules of engagement as enemy combat-ants. Let’s make sure that we are put-ting them in that situation to be tried as such. 
Another element, too, is localities 
have spoken vocally to say, No, we do not want these detainees here, for a va-riety reasons. One is they are worried about security there. I know the argu-ment is, Well, the facilities here in the United States can hold them. That is not the single issue. The issue is the communities’ concern about what the outcomes of the movement of these de-tainees will be here today. 
We see today radicalization across 
the United States from outside the United States by forces like ISIS. 
Think about the opportunity as those detainees are moved here and the noto-riety that they will attain and how the press will cover it and that being used in addition to radicalize folks on the side of extremism. That is another issue that I believe needs to be ad-dressed. 
Again, GTMO is working. It is de-
taining these individuals, enemy com-batants that have been picked up on the battlefield. It has been, I believe, the determination of this body through extensive debate that we shouldn’t build facilities here specifically for that purpose and that GTMO is well suited to do the job. 
Again, I urge my colleagues to vote 
in opposition to this amendment. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I yield back 
the balance of my time. 
Mr. NADLER. The continued repeti-
tion of untruths does not make them true. 
Not all these people were captured on 
the battlefield. Mr. Aamer, whom I ref-erenced, for example, was picked up doing charity work in Afghanistan. He was picked up by a faction of the Northern Alliance, which then sold him for a bounty to the United States. He was not a fighter. He was not on the battlefield. He was a victim of a kid-napping by a foreign faction. 
Everyone who has looked at this— 
President Bush, President Obama, the FBI, the CIA, the NSA, the British Par-liament—agrees on the facts with him; yet we hear that everybody was a fighter. No, they weren’t. Some were; probably most were. 
We are told that military tribunals 
will try these people. Well, Mr. Aamer has been in Guantanamo for 9 years. Khalid Sheikh Mohammed has been in Guantanamo for 15 years. They can’t get their act together. Every time they try to hold military tribunals, there is another legal objection. Federal courts have tried, convicted, and imprisoned 400 terrorists. 
We have to do justice. Keeping people 
in jail indefinitely because we repeat that they were caught on the battle-field, when some were not, hoping for a military tribunal that doesn’t occur, is not American. It is un-American. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from New York (Mr. N
ADLER ). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. NADLER. Mr. Chairman, I de-
mand a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from New York will be postponed. 
The Clerk will read. The Clerk read as follows: 
SEC. 8102. None of the funds appropriated 
or otherwise made available in this Act may be used to transfer any individual detained at United States Naval Station Guantanamo 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:30 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00081 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JN7.147 H10JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4088 June 10, 2015 
Bay, Cuba, to the custody or control of the 
individual’s country of origin, any other for-eign country, or any other foreign entity ex-cept in accordance with section 1035 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2014. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . NADLER  
Mr. NADLER. Mr. Chairman, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Strike section 8102. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 303, the gentleman from New York and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from New York. 
Mr. NADLER. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Chairman, this is the third of the 
three amendments that have the same purpose. This one would strike the sec-tion of the bill that makes it more dif-ficult to transfer Guantanamo detain-ees to other countries. 
I find it surrealistic. We have now de-
bated two amendments tonight, and all we hear in opposition are repeated statements that everyone at Guanta-namo is a terrorist—not true—and that everyone in Guantanamo is picked up on the foreign battlefield, fighting—not true. It is demonstrably not true. 
These are not debatable propositions. 
Some of the people in Guantanamo are terrorists. Some of the people in Guan-tanamo are picked up on the battle-field. Some were not. 
I gave you the example of Mr. Aamer, 
who was picked up by a foreign faction in the Northern Alliance and sold for a bounty because the United States of-fered a bounty for people who someone claimed was a terrorist. Everyone looked into it and said he wasn’t a ter-rorist, he wasn’t a combatant; yet he stays in Guantanamo. 
It costs us $3 million per prisoner, 
per year. There are communities in the United States which can handle these trials. I can think of no honest reason why we would not want the terrorists to be tried. 
The terrorists cannot be tried by 
military tribunal; let them try it, but the fact is they haven’t been able to. They have been trying the military tri-bunals for 10 years now, and they haven’t succeeded in convicting one person. They have had three plea bar-gains, no convictions, and no trials in the last 8 or 9 years. 
The Federal courts are functioning. 
Why not save money, try the people we think are guilty, get a guilty verdict, put them in maximum security pris-ons, and not hold people indefinitely without charge and without trial? That is simply un-American. 
Finally, we are engaged in an ideo-
logical war. Someone referenced radicalizing people. What radicalizes people more, what gives more evidence of the American bad faith and of anti- Islamic sentiments of terrible behavior than Guantanamo? It is a symbol worldwide. It is a radicalizing influ-
ence. Our own generals have said that nothing has recruited more enemy sol-diers than Guantanamo. 
Let’s close it, take care of the people 
who are there one way or the other, and do justice. 
I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair-
man, I claim the time in opposition. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from New Jersey is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I yield to the 
distinguished gentleman from Virginia (Mr. F
ORBES ). 
Mr. FORBES. I thank the chairman 
for yielding. 
The gentleman from New York raised 
a good question. He said: 
I can think of no honest reason why these 
terrorists have not been prosecuted in a mili-tary tribunal. 
I can give him the answer to that. I 
don’t know if my friend from New York has actually been to Guantanamo Bay, but in 2010, I went there. As the admin-istration came into office, if the gen-tleman met with the prosecutor at that time, he had assembled a team that had worked for over 2 years trying and prosecuting the terrorists of the World Trade Center attack. 
That prosecutor had gone through a 
stack of hearings this tall that he had prevailed on. His life had been threat-ened. His team’s life had been threat-ened. He told all of us, Democrats and Republicans who went down there, that he would have guilty pleas on all those terrorists within 6 months. 
To answer the gentleman as to why 
that didn’t happen, it is because, when the administration came into office, they canceled that prosecution, took him off the case, disbanded that whole prosecution; and to this day, they have not allowed that prosecution to go for-ward. 
If you want to ask the real, honest 
question of why we haven’t prosecuted them in the military tribunals—the gentleman from Virginia said the fa-cilities are there, the will was there, the hearings were there. The reason is because this administration has re-fused to prosecute them. 
I hope we will defeat these amend-
ments, keep those terrorists there, or let this administration prosecute them. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair-
man, what is really surrealistic around here, to use the gentleman’s word, is that we spend more time on these Guantanamo detainees than we do on Americans locked up in Iranian prisons and jails—that is unconscionable—or with Americans detained in North Korea. 
Let’s focus on liberty for some of the 
people in those countries that we are trying to work with on the nuclear deal, such as the Iranians holding Americans prisoners. 
You have the right to focus on these 
detainees. Ninety-nine percent of them are guilty as hell, but we seem to be doing little in the public way to release Americans held in prisons in various 
parts of the world. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Chairman, we all 
obviously want to free Americans un-justly held by North Korea or Iran or anybody else. I suspect the reason that we don’t spend a lot of time on the floor is because we all agree. There is nothing to debate. We obviously want them freed. 
I hope our government behind the 
scenes is doing whatever we can to do it; we should do whatever we can pub-licly, but that has nothing to do with Guantanamo. 
The fact of the matter is it isn’t that 
the administration decided not to pros-ecute people by military tribunals. That is not the case. It is that every time the Bush administration or the Obama administration tried to pros-ecute—and they have continued to try—another legal obstacle comes up. They have never worked it out. 
Appeal after appeal has shut the 
process down. I should say judicial de-cision after judicial decision as a result of appeal after appeal has shut the process down because they haven’t managed to find a military tribunal procedure that gives enough constitu-tional rights to pass judicial muster, but is short of a Federal article III court. That is why 400 terrorists have been convicted in article III Federal courts—and no terrorists—let them be tried properly, and let the innocent be freed. 
We can’t simply stand here and say 
they are all guilty. How do we know that? How do we know that every sin-gle one of them is guilty? We know that some are not. By what right do we hold those who are guilty of nothing forever? It is a blot on American jus-tice; it is a blot on our country’s rep-resentation, and we should stop it. 
I urge adoption of the amendment, 
and I yield back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from New York (Mr. N
ADLER ). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. NADLER. Mr. Chairman, I de-
mand a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from New York will be postponed. 
The Clerk will read. The Clerk read as follows: 
SEC. 8103. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used in contravention of the War Powers Resolution (50 U.S.C. 1541 et seq.). 
S
EC. 8104. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used by the Department of Defense or any other Federal agency to lease or purchase new light duty vehicles, for any executive fleet, or for any agency’s fleet inventory, except in accordance with Presi-dential Memorandum-Federal Fleet Perform-ance, dated May 24, 2011. 
S
EC. 8105. (a) None of the funds appro-
priated or otherwise made available by this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:30 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00082 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JN7.069 H10JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4089 June 10, 2015 
or any other Act may be used by the Sec-
retary of Defense, or any other official or of-ficer of the Department of Defense, to enter into a contract, memorandum of under-standing, or cooperative agreement with, or make a grant to, or provide a loan or loan guarantee to Rosoboronexport or any sub-sidiary of Rosoboronexport. 
(b) The Secretary of Defense may waive 
the limitation in subsection (a) if the Sec-retary, in consultation with the Secretary of State and the Director of National Intel-ligence, determines that it is in the vital na-tional security interest of the United States to do so, and certifies in writing to the con-gressional defense committees that, to the best of the Secretary’s knowledge: 
(1) Rosoboronexport has ceased the trans-
fer of lethal military equipment to, and the maintenance of existing lethal military equipment for, the Government of the Syrian Arab Republic; 
(2) the armed forces of the Russian Federa-
tion have withdrawn from Crimea, other than armed forces present on military bases subject to agreements in force between the Government of the Russian Federation and the Government of Ukraine; and 
(3) agents of the Russian Federation have 
ceased taking active measures to destabilize the control of the Government of Ukraine over eastern Ukraine. 
(c) The Inspector General of the Depart-
ment of Defense shall conduct a review of any action involving Rosoboronexport with respect to a waiver issued by the Secretary of Defense pursuant to subsection (b), and not later than 90 days after the date on which such a waiver is issued by the Sec-retary of Defense, the Inspector General shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report containing the results of the review conducted with respect to such waiver. 
S
EC. 8106. None of the funds made available 
in this Act may be used for the purchase or manufacture of a flag of the United States unless such flags are treated as covered items under section 2533a(b) of title 10, United States Code. 
S
EC. 8107. None of the funds appropriated in 
this or any other Act may be obligated or ex-pended by the United States Government for the direct personal benefit of the President of Afghanistan. 
S
EC. 8108. (a) Of the funds appropriated in 
this Act for the Department of Defense, amounts may be made available, under such regulations as the Secretary of Defense may prescribe, to local military commanders ap-pointed by the Secretary, or by an officer or employee designated by the Secretary, to provide at their discretion ex gratia pay-ments in amounts consistent with subsection (d) of this section for damage, personal in-jury, or death that is incident to combat op-erations of the Armed Forces in a foreign country. 
(b) An ex gratia payment under this sec-
tion may be provided only if— 
(1) the prospective foreign civilian recipi-
ent is determined by the local military com-mander to be friendly to the United States; 
(2) a claim for damages would not be com-
pensable under chapter 163 of title 10, United States Code (commonly known as the ‘‘For-eign Claims Act’’); and 
(3) the property damage, personal injury, 
or death was not caused by action by an enemy. 
(c) N
ATURE OF PAYMENTS .—Any payments 
provided under a program under subsection (a) shall not be considered an admission or acknowledgement of any legal obligation to compensate for any damage, personal injury, or death. 
(d) A
MOUNT OF PAYMENTS .—If the Sec-
retary of Defense determines a program under subsection (a) to be appropriate in a 
particular setting, the amounts of payments, if any, to be provided to civilians determined to have suffered harm incident to combat op-erations of the Armed Forces under the pro-gram should be determined pursuant to regu-lations prescribed by the Secretary and based on an assessment, which should in-clude such factors as cultural appropriate-ness and prevailing economic conditions. 
(e) L
EGAL ADVICE .—Local military com-
manders shall receive legal advice before making ex gratia payments under this sub-section. The legal advisor, under regulations of the Department of Defense, shall advise on whether an ex gratia payment is proper under this section and applicable Depart-ment of Defense regulations. 
(f) W
RITTEN RECORD .—A written record of 
any ex gratia payment offered or denied shall be kept by the local commander and on a timely basis submitted to the appropriate office in the Department of Defense as deter-mined by the Secretary of Defense. 
(g) R
EPORT .—The Secretary of Defense 
shall report to the congressional defense committees on an annual basis the efficacy of the ex gratia payment program including the number of types of cases considered, amounts offered, the response from ex gratia payment recipients, and any recommended modifications to the program. 
(h) L
IMITATION .—Nothing in this section 
shall be deemed to provide any new author-ity to the Secretary of Defense. 
S
EC. 8109. None of the funds available in 
this Act to the Department of Defense, other than appropriations made for necessary or routine refurbishments, upgrades or mainte-nance activities, shall be used to reduce or to prepare to reduce the number of deployed and non-deployed strategic delivery vehicles and launchers below the levels set forth in the report submitted to Congress in accord-ance with section 1042 of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012. 
S
EC. 8110. The Secretary of Defense shall 
post grant awards on a public Web site in a searchable format. 
S
EC. 8111. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used to realign forces at Lajes Air Force Base, Azores, Portugal, until the Secretary of Defense certifies to the con-gressional defense committees that the Sec-retary of Defense has determined, based on an analysis of operational requirements, that Lajes Air Force Base is not an optimal location for the Joint Intelligence Analysis Complex. 
S
EC. 8112. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used to fund the perform-ance of a flight demonstration team at a lo-cation outside of the United States: Provided , 
That this prohibition applies only if a per-formance of a flight demonstration team at a location within the United States was can-celed during the current fiscal year due to insufficient funding. 
S
EC. 8113. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used by the National Se-curity Agency to— 
(1) conduct an acquisition pursuant to sec-
tion 702 of the Foreign Intelligence Surveil-lance Act of 1978 for the purpose of targeting a United States person; or 
(2) acquire, monitor, or store the contents 
(as such term is defined in section 2510(8) of title 18, United States Code) of any elec-tronic communication of a United States person from a provider of electronic commu-nication services to the public pursuant to section 501 of the Foreign Intelligence Sur-veillance Act of 1978. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  
SEC. 8114. In addition to amounts provided 
elsewhere in this Act for basic allowance for housing for military personnel, including ac-tive duty, reserve and National Guard per-
sonnel, $400,000,000 is hereby appropriated to the Department of Defense and made avail-able for transfer only to military personnel accounts: Provided , That the transfer author-
ity provided under this heading is in addition to any other transfer authority provided elsewhere in this Act. 
S
EC. 8115. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be obligated or expended to implement the Arms Trade Treaty until the Senate approves a resolution of ratification for the Treaty. 
S
EC. 8116. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used to transfer or divest AH–64 Apache helicopters from the Army Na-tional Guard to the active Army in fiscal year 2016: Provided , That the Secretary of the 
Army shall ensure the continuing readiness of the AH–64 Apache aircraft and ensure the training of the crews of such aircraft during fiscal year 2016, including the allocation of funds for operation and maintenance and personnel connected with such aircraft: Pro-
vided further , That this section shall con-
tinue in effect through the date of enact-ment of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016. 
b2000 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . ROTHFUS  
Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Chairman, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 115, line 2, strike ‘‘in fiscal year 2016’’ 
and insert ‘‘prior to June 30, 2016’’. 
Page 115, beginning line 7, strike the pro-
viso. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 303, the gentleman from Pennsylvania and a Member op-posed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Pennsylvania. 
Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Chairman, since 
its establishment, the National Guard has answered the call to defend our Na-tion and respond in times of crises. They have fought bravely with the Ac-tive Component, while continuing to achieve their mission here at home. 
At the height of the wars in Iraq and 
Afghanistan, nearly 50 percent of the Army’s total force was a mix of Reserv-ists and members of the National Guard. The Pennsylvania National Guard alone contributed more than 42,000 individual deployments. 
Unfortunately, the Army’s Aviation 
Restructuring Initiative, or ARI, will have devastating impacts on all that the National Guard has achieved. ARI will result in the transfer of all Na-tional Guard Apache helicopters to the Active Component, leaving the Na-tional Guard less combat-ready. 
It will also deprive our Nation of an 
operational reserve for these aircraft, which is essential to the retention of talented aircrews. ARI represents a fundamental shift in the nature and role of the National Guard. 
Last year, Congress wisely created 
the National Commission on the Fu-ture of the Army to offer a deliberate approach to addressing force structure issues such as ARI. Yet, as it stands now, many of these transfers will be long done before the Commission has 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:30 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00083 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JN7.079 H10JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4090 June 10, 2015 
examined the proposal and reported its 
recommendations. 
Mr. Chairman, once these transfers 
begin, it will be all but impossible to 
reverse them. We need to allow the Commission time to do its work before the Army takes any harmful and irre-versible actions. 
In the fiscal year 2016 National De-
fense Authorization Act, the House adopted an amendment to delay some Apache transfers until June 30, 2016. This amendment extends that respon-sible limitation to all National Guard Apaches, while also taking important steps to ensure continued readiness of the Apache fleet. 
Together, these provisions strike a 
proper balance between safeguarding our national security and preventing any premature Apache transfers. Only this can truly ensure that the irrep-arable harm is not done to the Na-tional Guard. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chairman, I 
claim the time in opposition. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Indiana is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chairman, I 
have a number of colleagues who want to speak, so I will be brief. 
But I would point out that this 
amendment, if adopted, will undo last year’s compromise legislation that sup-ported the Army’s critically important Aviation Restructuring Initiative. Part of that compromise was to establish a commission to study the force struc-ture of the United States Army. I be-lieve we should await that report. 
The Army has indicated that if they 
are restricted under the gentleman’s amendment, they would have to inac-tivate—and I would repeat this—they would have to inactivate one or more of the battalions in States such as New York, Kansas, and Hawaii, as well as drastically reduce the work going on into the remanufacture plant in 2016. 
Each battalion inactivation will re-
sult in the unplanned transfer of ap-proximately 500 soldiers and 1,000 fam-ily members, driven by the absence of the aircraft needed to train the unit. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
2 minutes to the gentleman from Penn-sylvania (Mr. P
ERRY ), my good friend, 
who is also an Apache pilot. 
Mr. PERRY. Mr. Chairman, I thank 
Mr. R OTHFUS for the amendment. 
Without this amendment, as he said, 
we will see the transfer of all National Guard Apache helicopters to the Active Component while, just last year, this Congress created the National Commis-sion on the Future of the Army to de-liberate this change in force, this re-structuring issue. 
You say, why should we care? I mean, 
isn’t this a squabble between one big brother and a little brother? And it kind of is. 
But we should care because the tax-
payers have invested billions and bil-lions of dollars over years to create the infrastructure within the Guard. But more importantly, this imposes 
on and weakens our national security because the Guard and the Reserve component is the repository for experi-ence in Apache pilots. 
When you get tired of flying the 
Apache on deployment over and over again on Active Duty but want to con-tinue to serve your country, what do you do? You join the Reserve compo-nent. You come to the Guard. 
And those pilots have the most expe-
rience because they have flown on Ac-tive Duty and they have flown in the Guard for years and years and years. So when they deploy, that is who you want to fly with. That is who units want to fly with because they have the experience. 
The operational depth is in the 
Guard. 
It is not that Governors need the 
Apache; it is that the United States needs the Apache. And should we trans-fer the Apache because the Army wants to pick on its little brother and can? And that is exactly what is happening here. 
I have heard the arguments. I have 
listened to all the arguments. I have spent 34 years in uniform. None of them make any sense, and they can’t justify any of them. They talk big around this place in all kinds of acro-nyms that most people don’t under-stand, but none of it is justified. 
I don’t understand why we would do 
this, why we wouldn’t wait just till February to get the report from a Com-mission that we sponsored, that we au-thorized in this body. Why wouldn’t we wait till then? 
Why would we transfer the aircraft, 
and when the Commission comes back and says don’t transfer the aircraft, oh, well, sorry, we already did that. Won’t we look foolish. 
But more importantly, isn’t this im-
portant for national security to have the experience there when called upon to go fight—and as the gentleman said, make up 50 percent of the force in the fight. 
Let’s not do this for all the wrong 
reasons. 
Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. S
TEFANIK ). 
Ms. STEFANIK. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
in opposition to the amendment to pro-hibit funding for any transfer of Apaches from the National Guard to the Active Army. 
In committee, Chairman W
ILSON and 
I worked very closely to authorize a congressional review no less than 60 days following the Commission’s report release. 
And on the House floor, as an amend-
ment to the NDAA, Mr. P
ALAZZO and I 
thoroughly examined and determined a fixed transfer date of Apaches no later than June 30. 
Mr. Chairman, this amendment is 
being used as a backdoor scheme and a delay tactic. This ploy places dev-astating impacts and potential deacti-vation of the Army’s Combat Aviation Brigades in States like New York, Kan-
sas, Hawaii, Arizona, and overall Black Hawk modernization in California. 
As the Representative of Fort Drum, 
home of the 10th Mountain Division, any delay would cause this high oper-ational tempo unit to be left without an Aviation Brigade. 
Let me be abundantly clear. Any 
Apache delay will have grave con-sequences on our Army’s readiness, de-ployment schedule, and our soldiers’ dwell time. A delay would severely limit the Army’s ability to meet ex-pected operational requirements and place an even greater burden on our Nation’s brave servicemembers. 
So, Mr. Chairman, where I think 
some may be confused I want to clar-ify. In exchange for Apaches, the Na-tional Guard is set to receive fully modernized Black Hawks, which are es-sential to lift-and-rescue operations and remain critical to a State’s emer-gency response. Derailing, delaying, or limiting Apache transfers would, there-fore, halt this Black Hawk moderniza-tion. 
This is merely a ploy to prevent our 
soldiers from receiving the equipment they need to protect American lives overseas, and it is unconscionable. I am appalled that this is even being dis-cussed and will continue to fight for an ontime transfer of the Apaches from the National Guard to the Active Army. 
Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Chairman, may I 
inquire how much time is remaining? 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Pennsylvania has 1 minute re-maining, and the gentleman from Indi-ana has 2 minutes remaining. 
Mr. ROTHFUS. I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chairman, I 
only have one more speaker left, and it is my understanding that, as a member of the committee, I have the right to close. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Indiana is correct. 
Mr. VISCLOSKY. I reserve the bal-
ance of my time until the gentleman concludes his remarks. 
Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Chairman, in 
conclusion, I would just urge my col-leagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on this impor-tant amendment to prevent the pre-mature transfer of Apaches out of the National Guard until the Commission has had the opportunity to do its work. 
This Congress created the National 
Commission for the very purpose of studying the impact of transfers such as Apaches out of the Guard after spending billions of dollars, as my col-league from Pennsylvania has said. 
This was an investment on the part 
of the taxpayers to build an oper-ational reserve. We should not take this step until the Commission has completed its work. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chairman, it is 
my pleasure to yield my remaining time to the gentlewoman from Ala-bama (Mrs. R
OBY), my colleague from 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:30 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00084 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JN7.154 H10JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4091 June 10, 2015 
the Appropriations Committee, to close 
the debate. 
Mrs. ROBY. I thank the gentleman. I, too, rise in opposition to this 
amendment. I will enter into the R
ECORD a letter from General Odierno 
that I received, as well as others. It ref-erences the FY15 NDAA, which ex-pressly allows for the transfer of Apaches with no restrictions on addi-tional moves thereafter. 
And it says: ‘‘If we are restricted 
from transferring any portion of the 72 Apaches, or must count aircraft in-ducted into the remanufacture line as part of that 72, we will have to inac-tivate one or more of the battalions in New York, Kansas, or Hawaii, as well as drastically reduce the work going in the remanufacture plant in 2016.’’ 
DEPARTMENT OF THE ARMY, 
Washington, DC, June 8, 2015. 
U.S. H OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
Washington, DC. 
We are writing to inform you that pending 
legislation may cause great damage to the readiness of the United States Army, create enormous disruption to the lives of thou-sands of military family members, harm our industrial base, and require us to send Sol-diers into combat who may not be fully trained. Specifically, provisions in both the House and Senate versions of the Fiscal Year (FY) 2016 National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA), and the House version of the Defense Appropriations Act will, if enacted, undo last year’s compromise legislation that supported the Army’s critically important Aviation Restructuring Initiative (ARI). The proposals drastically alter the statutorily permitted movement of AH–64 Apache heli-copters between the Army National Guard (ARNG) and the Regular Army in 2016—a transfer authorized in the FY15 NDAA. Ac-cordingly, as discussed below, to protect our Soldiers and their Families, we request that you continue to support our comprehensive ARI plan. 
The FY15 NDAA provisions were based on 
the following factors, none of which has changed: 
The National Guard Bureau’s (NGB) alter-
native to ARI proposed the transfer of 72 AH– 64 Apaches to the Regular Army; 
The decision to transfer the remaining AH– 
64 Apaches from the ARNG to the Regular Army would be resolved based on rec-ommendations by the National Commission on the Future of the Army; and 
The GAO and the Office of the Secretary of 
Defense CAPE would conduct independent reviews of both ARI and the NGB alter-native, both of which have since confirmed that the ARI plan is less costly and provides greater warfighting capacity than the NGB alternative. 
With these principles in mind, the FY15 
NDAA allowed the Army, with the certifi-cation of the Secretary of Defense, to trans-fer 48 AH–64 Apaches between October 2015 and March 2016, with no restrictions on addi-tional moves thereafter. Nevertheless, recog-nizing Congressional concern, the Army spe-cifically committed to transferring no more than 24 additional Apaches in FY16 for a total of 72, which precisely matched the number in the National Guard’s alternative proposal. Our FY16 plan provided Congress with time to act upon the results the Com-mission’s report (to be delivered in February 2016); allowed for the normal induction of aircraft into the AH–64 remanufacture line in Arizona; and preserved the Army’s ability to deploy trained and equipped Soldiers and units into combat. We strictly adhered to FY15 NDAA and made critical programmatic 
and operational decisions based upon it. 
The key points of the Army plan for FY16, 
which is based on the FY15 NDAA, are below: 
Transferring 24 AH–64 Apaches from the 
ARNG to the 25th Infantry Division (ID) in Hawaii; 
Transferring 24 AH–1–64 Apaches from the 
ARNG to the 1st ID in Kansas; 
Transferring 24 AH–64 Apaches from the 
ARNG to the 10th Mountain Division in New York after 31 March 2016; and 
Inducting 24 ARNG and 32 Regular Army 
AH–64 Apaches for remanufacture in Ari-zona. 
Should Congress now dismantle this care-
fully crafted plan, it would not only be dis-ruptive, but also dangerous for our Soldiers. As you know, several proposed legislative changes either prohibit our ability to trans-fer any or part of the 72 aircraft or require us to count airframes, which were inducted into the remanufacture process in 2014, against the permitted transfers in FY16. The poten-tial impacts of these provisions are stark. 
If we are restricted from transferring any 
portion of the 72 Apaches (24 in October 2015, 24 in February 2016, and 24 in July 2016), or must count aircraft inducted into the re-manufacture line as part of that 72, we will have to inactivate one or more of the battal-ions in New York, Kansas, or Hawaii, as well as drastically reduce the work going into the remanufacture plant in 2016: 
Each battalion inactivation will result in 
the unplanned transfer of approximately 500 Soldiers and 1,000 family members, driven by the absence of the aircraft needed to train the unit; 
Up to three Combat Aviation Brigades 
(CAB) of 2,500 Soldiers each, will become combat ineffective, because they will be missing their reconnaissance units, which is half of their attack capability, thus depriv-ing the entire brigade this crucial capability; 
Nearly 30% of the entire Regular Army 
combat aviation force could be rendered inef-fective, leaving only eight fully ready CABs in 2016—compared to the 13 Regular Army CABs that existed prior to the inactivation of two in FY15; it should be noted that the ARNG has not reduced a single aircraft or unit in this same time frame; 
We will not be able to meet PACOM re-
quirements for a ‘‘no-notice’’ Korea warfight; 
We will have to send Soldiers into combat 
in Iraq and Afghanistan without the proper training in Joint Combined Arms maneuver from the 25th ID, 1st ID, and 10th Mountain Division; additionally, the remaining Apache Battalions would have to extend the amount of time they are deployed (note, they are al-ready operating at a 1:1.5 deploy to dwell ratio); and 
We may have to stop inductions into the 
AH–64E remanufacture line, because we could not, under certain provisions, process 24 Apaches from the ARNG. Additionally, the risk of losing 32 Regular Army AH–64’s for a year, which are planned for induction, without the backfill transfer of the 72 Apaches from the ARNG could be too high. This stoppage could jeopardize a workforce of 4,100 employees in 22 states, including 2,200 in Arizona, 360 in Alabama, 350 in Flor-ida, 285 in California, and lesser numbers in WA, TX, MO, IL, MS, OH, WV, PA, NY, VT, NH, CT, NC, SC, and GA. 
We face an unprecedented and unpredict-
able global environment that continues to morph in dangerous and unforeseen ways. Now more than ever, we need a force that provides the capabilities necessary to exe-cute the missions that we know are coming, as well as the versatility, agility and depth to handle contingencies we cannot predict. An absolutely critical component of our force is our aviation formations, and we 
must be able to effectively restructure them to meet current and future demands. Accord-ingly, we need your support to ensure that the framework created by the FY15 NDAA remains in place. We owe this to our Sol-diers, their Families, our industry partners and, most importantly, the American people. Simply put, delaying or derailing ARI jeop-ardizes your Army, and our Nation’s secu-rity. 
We appreciate your time and thoughtful 
consideration of this matter. 
Sincerely, 
R
AYMOND T. O DIERNO , 
General, United States 
Army Chief of Staff. 
JOHNM. M CHUGH, 
Secretary of the Army. 
Mrs. ROBY. Look, friends and col-
leagues, we have heard from several Members about the devastating im-pacts that any delay in ARI would have on our Army. 
But let’s take time to revisit why we 
are here in the first place. We are here because this Congress put the Army in the position to have to make these dif-ficult decisions in the first place. We are here because of a thing called se-questration. And if there has ever been a time for a stronger argument to re-visit this so that we can properly fund all of our military across all branches so that they are not put in this box where the Army has to make these tough decisions, now is the time. 
We have got to properly fund the 
United States military. So here we have a letter from a highly respected Chief of Staff of the U.S. Army to Con-gress saying, If you do this, if you delay these helicopter transfers, you will create a domino affect that will re-sult in the United States of America sending our soldiers to Afghanistan and Iraq who are neither fully trained or in fully equipped. 
We have to do better. We have to do 
better. And this is the case. Again, I oppose this amendment, and I call on my colleagues to revisit fully funding our military and repealing the seques-ter. 
Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. R
OTHFUS ). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Chairman, I de-
mand a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania will be postponed. 
The Clerk will read. The Clerk read as follows: 
SEC. 8117. None of the funds made available 
in this Act may be obligated for activities authorized under section 1208 of the Ronald W. Reagan National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2005 (Public Law 112–81; 125 Stat. 1621) to initiate support for, or ex-pand support to, foreign forces, irregular forces, groups, or individuals unless the con-gressional defense committees are notified in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:30 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00085 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JN7.155 H10JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4092 June 10, 2015 
accordance with the direction contained in 
the classified annex accompanying this Act, not less than 15 days before initiating such support: Provided , That none of the funds 
made available in this Act may be used under such section 1208 for any activity that is not in support of an ongoing military op-eration being conducted by United States Special Operations Forces to combat ter-rorism: Provided further , That the Secretary 
of Defense may waive the prohibitions in this section if the Secretary determines that such waiver is required by extraordinary cir-cumstances and, by not later than 72 hours after making such waiver, notifies the con-gressional defense committees of such waiv-er. 
S
EC. 8118. (a) Within 90 days of enactment 
of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit a report to the congressional defense committees to assess whether the justifica-tion and approval requirements under sec-tion 811 of the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84; 123 Stat. 2405) have, inconsistent with the intent of Congress— 
(1) negatively impacted the ability of cov-
ered entities to be awarded sole-source con-tracts with the Department of Defense great-er than $20,000,000; 
(2) discouraged agencies from awarding 
contracts greater than $20,000,000 to covered entities; and 
(3) been misconstrued and/or inconsistently 
implemented. 
(b) The Comptroller General shall analyze 
and report to the congressional defense com-mittees on the sufficiency of the Depart-ment’s report in addressing the require-ments; review the extent to which section 811 has negatively impacted the ability of covered entities to be awarded sole-source contracts with the Department, discouraged agencies from awarding contracts, or been misconstrued and/or inconsistently imple-mented. 
S
EC. 8119. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used with respect to Iraq in contravention of the War Powers Resolu-tion (50 U.S.C. 1541 et seq.), including for the introduction of United States armed forces into hostilities in Iraq, into situations in Iraq where imminent involvement in hos-tilities is clearly indicated by the cir-cumstances, or into Iraqi territory, airspace, or waters while equipped for combat, in con-travention of the congressional consultation and reporting requirements of sections 3 and 4 of such Resolution (50 U.S.C. 1542 and 1543). 
S
EC. 8120. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used to divest, retire, transfer, or place in storage or on backup aircraft inventory status, or prepare to di-vest, retire, transfer, or place in storage or on backup aircraft inventory status, any A– 10 aircraft, or to disestablish any units of the active or reserve component associated with such aircraft. 
S
EC. 8121. Of the funds provided for ‘‘Re-
search, Development, Test and Evaluation, Defense-Wide’’ in this Act, not less than $2,800,000 shall be used to support the Depart-ment’s activities related to the implementa-tion of the Digital Accountability and Trans-parency Act (Public Law 113–101; 31 U.S.C. 6101 note) and to support the implementation of a uniform procurement instrument identi-fier as described in subpart 4.16 of Title 48, Code of Federal Regulations, to include changes in business processes, workforce, or information technology. 
S
EC. 8122. None of the funds provided in 
this or any other Act may be transferred to the National Sea Based Deterrent Fund es-tablished by section 2218a of title 10, United States Code. b2015 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . FORBES  
Mr. FORBES. Mr. Chairman, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Strike section 8122. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 303, the gentleman from Virginia and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Virginia. 
Mr. FORBES. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Chairman, it is rare to find an 
amendment to an appropriation bill that has already been supported by 375 Members of this House; yet this amend-ment has, 90 percent of the House. It is rare to find an amendment to an appro-priation bill that has such bipartisan support; yet this amendment has. 
This is an amendment not put in by 
just me, but by my good friend Mr. C
OURTNEY , by Mr. W ITTMAN , by Mr. 
LANGEVIN , by Mr. R OGERS , by Ms. 
DELAURO —three HASC subcommittee 
chairmen, two HASC ranking members, and a Defense appropriator. It is an amendment that is supported by the chairman of the House Armed Services Committee and the ranking member of the House Armed Services Committee. 
It is rare to find such different 
groups in support, the Navy League, the United Auto Workers, Inter-national Brotherhood of Boilermakers, AFL–CIO; yet this amendment has that support. 
The reason these planets are all 
aligning in this rare configuration is because it is also rare—in fact, once every other generation—that we have to build something like the Ohio class 
submarine; yet it falls upon this gen-eration. 
In 4 years, we will begin the procure-
ment. In 6 years, we will start con-struction of 12 ships—they call boats— that will carry 70 percent of the nu-clear deterrence of this country—$92 billion. 
The national sea-based deterrence 
fund we formed last year helps us pre-pare for that in advance, instead of waiting until the night before to come up with $92 billion. It transfers $1.4 bil-lion into a fund and allows the Depart-ment of Defense to find other moneys, a rare thing for the government to ac-tually prepare in advance, instead of waiting until the last minute to pre-pare. It will help to purchase in bulk and save perhaps millions, maybe even billions of dollars. 
Now, I know there are voices that say 
in this world, with all the threats we see and all the demands we have for na-tional defense, we cannot find creative solutions, and we have to do every-thing the way we have always done it. 
We disagree because, if we are not 
creative, if we don’t find other solu-tions, CRS says we could lose—32 other ships, including as many as 8 Virginia class subs, 8 destroyers, and 16 combat-
ant ships. 
Those same voices will say, We can’t 
set up a fund like that; yet they have already set up four different funds very similar to that. 
We ask for your support for this 
amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair-
man, I claim the time in opposition. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from New Jersey is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair-
man, our committee strongly supports the Ohio class submarine. We have 
done it for years. 
Both the gentleman from Indiana 
(Mr. V
ISCLOSKY ) and I not only serve on 
the Defense Appropriations Sub-committee and provide its leadership, but we have also supported this pro-gram on Energy and Water, which is the other part of the package. 
With respect, the gentleman from 
Virginia’s amendment proposes to strike a provision of the bill, prohibits the transfer of funds to the national sea-based deterrence fund, a reserve es-tablished but not funded last year in the NDAA. 
We recognize this submarine will be 
expensive; however, the national sea- based deterrence fund will not make the submarine any less expensive, and it will not increase resources available to the Department of Defense. 
This Congress has an important re-
sponsibility to provide resources to all of our military services and the intel-ligence community. Under the struc-ture of this special fund, the Secretary of Defense has the authority to divert dollars into this new fund from the Army, Marines, Air Force, Special Forces, missile defense, ISR, and other types of essential programs. This is the wrong approach. It removes, further-more, congressional oversight from the Secretary of Defense. 
Secondly, if the President determines 
the Ohio class replacement is a must- 
fund platform, then the Navy should buy it, just as it has every other sub-marine in its inventory that our com-mittee has supported. Establishing a special fund to pay for the submarine is an attempt to have other military services pay for what is a Navy respon-sibility. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. FORBES. Mr. Chairman, could I 
ask how much time I have left? 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Virginia has 2
1⁄2minutes remain-
ing. 
Mr. FORBES. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 
minute to the distinguished gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. C
OURTNEY ). 
Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Chairman, I do 
not doubt for a second the sincerity of the chairman and the ranking member and their support for the Ohio replace-
ment program. 
This chart, which the Navy produced, 
showing the 30-year shipbuilding plan, if we fully fund the Ohio class program, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:30 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00086 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JN7.074 H10JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4093 June 10, 2015 
as well as a 300-ship Navy, dem-
onstrates exactly the problem that confronts us today. 
It shows, again, a red line across, 
which shows the modern era of ship-building at about $15 billion a year; and, with the yellow portion of the chart, it shows how, for 13 years, Con-gress, starting in the 2020s, is going to be asked to raise unprecedented amounts of money for the shipbuilding account. 
The fact of the matter is this is an 
asset that is not just the Navy’s; it is the country’s. Under New START, 70 percent of the nuclear triad will be borne by the Navy through its sub-marine program, far greater than in the past. 
The Air Force and their long-range 
bombers and the Army, with their ground-based systems, are not going to be bearing the same burden as a result of the Ohio class’ planned burden under 
New START. 
We have an opportunity to do some-
thing sensible, which is based in clear precedent, as the gentleman from Vir-ginia indicated. 
The sealift fund was funded out of 
the shipbuilding account. The missile- based system was funded on a separate account because these are national as-sets that provided assistance and na-tional security across the board for the Pentagon. 
Support this amendment if you sup-
port a strong shipbuilding account and protect the shipbuilding industrial base of this country. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair-
man, I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. FORBES. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
30 seconds to the gentleman from Vir-ginia (Mr. W
ITTMAN ), the chairman of 
the House Armed Services Sub-committee on Readiness. 
Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Chairman, I urge 
my colleagues to support this critical amendment to restore the national sea- based deterrence fund. This amend-ment is critical to maintaining our Na-tion’s nuclear deterrence and ensure a robust Navy shipbuilding budget. 
It makes sense now to set aside fund-
ing for the Ohio class submarine re-placement program. This makes sure that, down the road, we are not forced to choose between building a replace-ment ballistic missile submarine or a destroyer or an aircraft carrier. 
The Navy already faces challenges in 
building enough warships to meet the global threats our Nation faces. Fund-ing the national sea-based deterrence fund is the best solution to maintain-ing national strategic deterrence with-out hollowing out the Navy’s ship-building budget. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
amendment and yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I will con-
tinue to reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. FORBES. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
45 seconds to the distinguished gen-tleman from Rhode Island (Mr. L
AN-GEVIN ), who is the ranking member of 
the Emerging Threats Subcommittee for the House Armed Services Com-mittee. 
Mr. LANGEVIN. I thank the gen-
tleman for yielding. 
Mr. Chairman, the national sea-based 
deterrence fund is critical to the future of our national security. It provides space outside the shipbuilding fund for the most survivable piece of our na-tional deterrence, a bill that last came due in the 1980s in the Reagan defense buildup. 
Mr. Chairman, these boats are abso-
lutely essential. This is not just a Navy issue, as Secretary of Defense Connor has said. This is a national priority. The deterrence fund allows us to treat it accordingly and avoid pressuring the Navy out of badly needed investments in other ships and capabilities. 
Unless Congress acts, these boats will 
consume half of the projected ship-building funding for a decade, causing crippling shortages that would echo in our fleet for decades after. 
We and many of our colleagues have 
worked on a bipartisan basis to rise to this challenge, and the result is this sea-based deterrence fund. 
Earlier this year, this body spoke 
loudly and clearly in overwhelming support of the fund and its purposes. 
I urge my colleagues to reaffirm that 
position with this amendment. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair-
man, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. B
LUMENAUER ). 
Mr. BLUMENAUER. I appreciate the 
gentleman’s courtesy. 
Mr. Chairman, this is where reality 
comes into play. We talked about this earlier. Having a fund that is set up does not evade the responsibility of providing the long-term funding. 
All of these things in the Department 
of Defense are priorities, and our friends on the Appropriations Com-mittee have the difficult job of trying to balance these priorities and have the big picture available to them. 
I think they have done exactly the 
right thing. I think this needs to be subsumed within the overall budget. There is no magic money. Having something that subverts the hard work that we ask the Appropriations Com-mittee to do, I think, is the wrong thing to do. 
It is not easy to stand up and make 
this argument, but I appreciate what they have done. They did it last year, and it was appropriate. They have done it this year, and it is appropriate. We have to be able to deal with this in a comprehensive way and not use sleight of hand. 
I appreciate what the chair and rank-
ing member have done. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair-
man, I yield the balance of my time to the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. V
IS-
CLOSKY ), the ranking member. 
Mr. VISCLOSKY. I thank Chairman 
FRELINGHUYSEN for yielding. 
Mr. Chairman, I rise to join in oppo-
sition to the amendment in the strong-est possible terms. I certainly respect 
the position of my colleagues on the other side of this argument, but I do remind my colleagues that the CBO es-timates that this program is going to cost somewhere between $102 and $107 billion. 
You are absolutely correct. This is a 
very expensive program, and we ought to be very, very careful. Given the tre-mendous financial resources that we will be required to modernize or re-place the U.S. nuclear delivery systems and weapons over the next two decades, it is imperative that Congress begin to make tough decisions now and not set up segregated funds. 
Unfortunately, this fund is a means 
to avoid those tough decisions. Firstly, the fund in no way solves the problem of where are we going to get the money. It is not going to make the next generation of ballistic missile submarines any cheaper. It simply shifts the burden for paying for their construction from the Department of the Navy to the entire Department of Defense. 
I categorically disagree with the 
amendment’s sponsor relative to this replacement program and the sugges-tion that it should exist outside the ex-isting Navy shipbuilding account. 
The sponsors are correct that the 
funding for that shipbuilding account has been relatively flat in recent years. However, if the Ohio class replacement and the 300-ship Navy are priorities of this Nation and consistent with our na-tional defense strategy, then we ought to pay for both in a transparent man-ner by increasing the resources in the shipbuilding account and not resort to setting up independent funds. 
Further, the sponsors indicate that 
this is a national priority, and I would not argue that point. These systems play a very important role in our nu-
clear deterrence, so do our long-range bombers and the weapons that they carry. 
The Acting CHAIR. The time of the 
gentleman has expired. 
Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chairman, I 
move to strike the last word. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Indiana is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chairman, 
long-range bombers also provide pro-tection for this country as well as the weapons they carry. I think they qual-ify as national asset distinctions. Should we then set up funds for these programs? 
Let’s think about other priorities 
within the Department. Should we set up a fund for the Army’s 82nd Air-borne? Should we set up a fund for the Air Force combat rescue officers? They are very deserving. Should we set up a fund for the special Marine Air-Ground Task Force? They are very deserving. 
Another concern that I have is it 
really expands and transfers authority to the Secretary of Defense. The last time I looked, we have a constitutional responsibility to make decisions our-selves. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:30 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00087 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JN7.159 H10JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4094 June 10, 2015 
The fact is we already have a seg-
regated fund that has drawn a lot of at-tention to this bill that is called the overseas contingency operations fund. Should we start picking between serv-ices now as to which one should receive special treatment? Should we then pick programs within particular services? I think not. 
Again, I strongly oppose the amend-
ment and am pleased to join with the chairman in opposition. 
I yield back the balance of my time. 
b2030 
Mr. FORBES. Can I request how 
much time I have left? 
The Acting CHAIR (Mr. C
ARTER of 
Georgia). The gentleman from Virginia has 15 seconds remaining. 
Mr. FORBES. Mr. Chairman, the last 
two speakers have made my point for me. Mr. B
LUMENAUER made the same 
arguments 4 weeks ago. It was defeated by 375 votes. 
The last gentleman that spoke said it 
is $102 billion. The question is whether we wait until the night before to come up with $102 billion or whether we start now and make sure we have it. This is a national priority. I hope we will pass this amendment and build these ships. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Virginia (Mr. F
ORBES ). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. FORBES. Mr. Chair, I demand a 
recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Virginia will be postponed. 
The Clerk will read. The Clerk read as follows: 
SEC. 8123. None of the funds provided in 
this Act for the T-AO(X) program shall be used to award a new contract that provides for the acquisition of the following compo-nents unless those components are manufac-tured in the United States: Auxiliary equip-ment (including pumps) for shipboard serv-ices; propulsion equipment (including en-gines, reduction gears, and propellers); ship-board cranes; and spreaders for shipboard cranes. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  
SEC. 8124. In addition to amounts provided 
elsewhere in this Act for military personnel pay, including active duty, reserve and Na-tional Guard personnel, $700,000,000 is hereby appropriated to the Department of Defense and made available for transfer only to mili-tary personnel accounts: Provided , That the 
transfer authority provided under this head-ing is in addition to any other transfer au-thority provided elsewhere in this Act. 
S
EC. 8125. The amounts appropriated in 
title II of this Act are hereby reduced by $359,000,000 to reflect excess cash balances in Department of Defense Working Capital Funds, as follows: 
(1) From ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, 
Army’’, $138,000,000; 
(2) From ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, De-
fense-Wide’’, $221,000,000. 
S
EC. 8126. Notwithstanding any other pro-
vision of this Act, to reflect savings due to lower than anticipated fuel prices, the total 
amount appropriated in this Act is hereby reduced by $814,000,000. 
S
EC. 8127. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used to reduce the end strength levels for the Army National Guard of the United States below the levels speci-fied for the Army National Guard of the United States in subtitle B of title IV of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2015 (Public Law 113-291): Provided , 
That this section shall continue in effect through the date of enactment of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for fiscal year 2016. 
S
EC. 8128. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used to enforce section 526 of the Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007 (Public Law 110-140; 42 U.S.C. 17142). 
TITLE IX 
GLOBAL WAR ON TERRORISM 
MILITARY PERSONNEL 
M
ILITARY PERSONNEL , ARMY 
For an additional amount for ‘‘Military 
Personnel, Army’’, $5,664,570,000: Provided , 
That such amount is designated by the Con-gress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
M
ILITARY PERSONNEL , NAVY 
For an additional amount for ‘‘Military 
Personnel, Navy’’, $1,643,136,000: Provided , 
That such amount is designated by the Con-gress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
M
ILITARY PERSONNEL , MARINE CORPS  
For an additional amount for ‘‘Military 
Personnel, Marine Corps’’, $555,998,000: Pro-
vided , That such amount is designated by the 
Congress for Overseas Contingency Oper-
ations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budg-et and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
M
ILITARY PERSONNEL , AIRFORCE  
For an additional amount for ‘‘Military 
Personnel, Air Force’’, $2,376,095,000: Pro-
vided , That such amount is designated by the 
Congress for Overseas Contingency Oper-ations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budg-et and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
R
ESERVE PERSONNEL , ARMY 
For an additional amount for ‘‘Reserve 
Personnel, Army’’, $24,462,000: Provided , That 
such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
R
ESERVE PERSONNEL , NAVY 
For an additional amount for ‘‘Reserve 
Personnel, Navy’’, $12,693,000: Provided , That 
such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
R
ESERVE PERSONNEL , MARINE CORPS  
For an additional amount for ‘‘Reserve 
Personnel, Marine Corps’’, $3,393,000: Pro-
vided , That such amount is designated by the 
Congress for Overseas Contingency Oper-ations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budg-et and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
R
ESERVE PERSONNEL , AIRFORCE  
For an additional amount for ‘‘Reserve 
Personnel, Air Force’’, $18,710,000: Provided , That such amount is designated by the Con-
gress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
N
ATIONAL GUARD PERSONNEL , ARMY 
For an additional amount for ‘‘National 
Guard Personnel, Army’’, $166,015,000: Pro-
vided , That such amount is designated by the 
Congress for Overseas Contingency Oper-ations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budg-et and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
N
ATIONAL GUARD PERSONNEL , AIRFORCE  
For an additional amount for ‘‘National 
Guard Personnel, Air Force’’, $2,828,000: Pro-
vided , That such amount is designated by the 
Congress for Overseas Contingency Oper-ations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budg-et and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE 
O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , ARMY 
For an additional amount for ‘‘Operation 
and Maintenance, Army’’, $18,910,604,000: Pro-
vided , That such amount is designated by the 
Congress for Overseas Contingency Oper-ations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budg-et and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MS . MCCOLLUM  
Ms. M CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 123, line 7, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(reduced by $80,000,000)’’. 
Page 123, line 7, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(increased by $80,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 303, the gentlewoman from Minnesota and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from Minnesota. 
Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, the 
amendment I am offering with my col-league from Kentucky (Mr. B
ARR) uses 
the global war on terrorism funds for the Army operations and maintenance to provide $80 million in the same ac-count for hard body armor for the Sol-dier Protection System Vital Torso Protection equipment program. 
Now, every warfighter deployed or 
scheduled to be deployed deserves to be provided with the most advanced and the lightest hard body armor. The amendment will ensure that the de-ployed soldiers are protected with the modern body armor they need. Pres-ently, this bill provides no funds for the Army hard body armor. 
This amendment will also help to en-
sure that the industrial base producing the specialized boron carbide powder, fabricating ceramic plates, and pro-ducing finished hard body armor can stay in business and sustain production of the lifesaving soldier protection equipment. 
The body armor industry is in crisis, 
and that puts our troops at risk. 
Last year, the House and Senate ap-
propriated $80 million to the Army for industrial preparedness body armor. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:30 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00088 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JN7.160 H10JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4095 June 10, 2015 
All four congressional defense commit-
tees explicitly directed the Army to ensure that the industrial base is able to continue the development and man-ufacture of more advanced body armor. 
Despite this clear and explicit direc-
tion, the Army has completely ignored Congress. The Army’s failure to sus-tain the body armor industrial base has put a vital industry at risk and is caus-ing layoffs among very specialized em-ployees, which puts the entire industry at risk. 
There is no doubt that our troops de-
serve modern, lightweight body armor that requires a strong, reliable, and fully capable industrial base. 
Mr. Chairman, may I inquire as to 
how much time is remaining? 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman 
from Minnesota has 3 minutes remain-ing. 
Ms. M
CCOLLUM. I yield 21⁄2minutes 
to the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. B
ARR), my good friend, my colleague 
on this issue. 
Mr. BARR. Mr. Chair, I want to 
thank the gentlewoman from Min-nesota for her leadership on this issue and partnership in supporting this im-portant and critical mission of our military to make sure that the United States warfighter in combat has the most advanced, lightweight body armor available to protect that soldier in the field against the enemy, and we must act now to make sure that the U.S. Army does what is the intent of the Congress. 
As the gentlewoman pointed out, de-
spite the fact that Congress has been clear on this matter, despite the fact that report language for both the FY15 and FY16 Defense Appropriations meas-ures recognize the importance of light-weight body armor protecting soldiers in combat, we encouraged the Sec-retary of the Army to ensure that the body armor industrial base was able to continue the development and manu-facture of more advanced body armor by implementing the body armor mod-ernization through a replenishment program. 
Despite all of that, despite the ar-
ticulation of the clear will of this body, the Army has not used and deployed the funds appropriated properly, and the Department of Defense was at odds because the Army did not deploy the resources appropriated until, or ex-pressed the intent of not deploying those resources until the end of the fis-cal year. 
What this amendment will do is 
make sure that congressional intent is honored, make sure that the armor in-dustrial base is properly maintained, and most importantly and most criti-cally, when our men and women are called into combat to defend liberty and freedom, that we give them the tools that they need to keep them safe and carry out their mission with vic-tory and honor. 
Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, once 
again, this $80 million is to provide body armor for the Soldier Protection System Vital Torso Protection equip-
ment program. I ask for Members’ sup-port. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair-
man, I rise in opposition, but, in fact, I support the amendment put forward by a member of our committee. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-
tion, the gentleman from New Jersey is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I thank the 
gentlewoman from Minnesota for her amendment, as well as the gentleman from Kentucky for his strong advo-cacy. 
Supporting our industrial base is a 
strong priority of mine and our com-mittee’s. We think this amendment is a good idea. It sends another message to the bureaucracy that we mean what we say. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Minnesota (Ms. M
CCOL-
LUM). 
The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
read. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , NAVY 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  
For an additional amount for ‘‘Operation 
and Maintenance, Navy’’, $6,747,313,000: of which up to $160,002,000 may be transferred to the Coast Guard ‘‘Operating Expenses’’ ac-count, notwithstanding the provisions of sec-tion 2215 of title 10, United States Code: Pro-
vided , That such amount is designated by the 
Congress for Overseas Contingency Oper-ations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budg-et and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , MARINE CORPS  
For an additional amount for ‘‘Operation 
and Maintenance, Marine Corps’’, $1,871,834,000: Provided , That such amount is 
designated by the Congress for Overseas Con-tingency Operations/Global War on Ter-rorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , AIRFORCE  
For an additional amount for ‘‘Operation 
and Maintenance, Air Force’’, $10,799,220,000: Provided , That such amount is designated by 
the Congress for Overseas Contingency Oper-ations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budg-et and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , DEFENSE -WIDE 
For an additional amount for ‘‘Operation 
and Maintenance, Defense-Wide’’, $7,559,131,000: Provided , That of the funds pro-
vided under this heading, not to exceed $1,260,000,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2017, shall be for payments to re-imburse key cooperating nations for logistical, military, and other support, in-cluding access, provided to United States military and stability operations in Afghani-stan and to counter the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant: Provided further , That such 
reimbursement payments may be made in such amounts as the Secretary of Defense, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, and in consultation with the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, 
may determine, based on documentation de-termined by the Secretary of Defense to ade-quately account for the support provided, and such determination is final and conclu-sive upon the accounting officers of the United States, and 15 days following notifi-cation to the appropriate congressional com-mittees: Provided further , That these funds 
may be used for the purpose of providing spe-cialized training and procuring supplies and 
specialized equipment and providing such supplies and loaning such equipment on a non-reimbursable basis to coalition forces supporting United States military and sta-bility operations in Afghanistan and to counter the Islamic State of Iraq and the Le-vant, and 15 days following notification to the appropriate congressional committees: Provided further , That these funds may be 
used to support the Government of Jordan, in such amounts as the Secretary of Defense may determine, to maintain the ability of the Jordanian armed forces to maintain se-curity along the border between Jordan and Syria, upon 15 days prior written notifica-tion to the congressional defense committees outlining the amounts reimbursed and the nature of the expenses to be reimbursed: Pro-
vided further , That not to exceed $15,000,000 
can be used for emergencies and extraor-dinary expenses, to be expended on the ap-proval or authority of the Secretary of De-fense, and payments may be made on his cer-tificate of necessity for confidential military purposes: Provided further , That the author-
ity in the preceding proviso may only be used for emergency and extraordinary ex-penses associated with activities to counter the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant: Provided further , That of the funds provided 
under this heading, up to $30,000,000 shall be for Operation Observant Compass: Provided 
further , That the Secretary of Defense shall 
provide quarterly reports to the congres-sional defense committees on the use of funds provided in this paragraph: Provided 
further , That such amount is designated by 
the Congress for Overseas Contingency Oper-ations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budg-et and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . POE OF TEXAS  
Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 124, line 16, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(reduced by $430,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 303, the gentleman from Texas and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Texas. 
Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Mr. Chairman, my amendment cuts 
aid to Pakistan in half. Pakistan is the Benedict Arnold nation in the list of countries that we call our allies. 
Before Osama bin Laden met his 
maker in 2011 in one of the greatest U.S. military raids ever conducted, bin Laden was living in plain sight in a bustling military town. To think that the most senior levels of the Pakistani Government did not know that he was there requires, as Secretary Clinton said, ‘‘the willing suspension of dis-belief.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:30 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00089 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JN7.164 H10JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4096 June 10, 2015 
This February, the former head of 
Pakistan’s version of the CIA, called the ISI, said that Pakistan most likely sheltered Osama bin Laden. And just last month, three U.S. intelligence sources told NBC News that Pakistan knew where Osama bin Laden was hid-ing all the time. Not only did Pakistan not help us get Osama bin Laden, Paki-stan threw the doctor who did help us under the bus and put him in jail for 33 years for cooperating with America. 
Pakistan did not help us because 
Pakistan was working with Osama bin Laden. Newly released documents re-trieved from bin Laden’s compound show that Pakistan’s intelligence serv-ice was in contact with bin Laden and was working with him to convince U.S. leaders to negotiate with al Qaeda. 
There are some who say we need 
Pakistan to help us fight the war in Af-ghanistan, but Pakistan is on the wrong side. Pakistan is helping the ter-rorists, not us. Pakistan’s intelligence service gives safe haven, resources, and training to terrorist groups, like the Haqqani network that has killed doz-ens of Americans. 
On September 22, 2011, Admiral Mike 
Mullen, Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, testified before the Senate Armed Services Committee: ‘‘With ISI support, Haqqani operatives planned and conducted the truck bomb attack, as well as the assault on our Embassy.’’ 
The truck bombing he mentions 
wounded more than 70 U.S. and NATO troops. Admiral Mullen went on to say: ‘‘The Haqqani network acts as a veritable arm of Pakistan’s Inter-Serv-ices Intelligence agency.’’ 
Throughout 2011, Pakistan tried to 
cheat the United States by filling out bogus reimbursement claims for alleg-edly going after terrorists when they weren’t even doing that. That is the same account this money funds. 
There are others who say we need 
Pakistan’s southern supply route to help our troops in Afghanistan. But for 7 months in 2012, Pakistan closed off the supply route, and we did just fine. What we really need access to is Paki-stan’s tribal areas. Terrorists that kill our troops in Afghanistan run back and forth across the Pakistan border and hide in these tribal areas, but Pakistan won’t let our troops chase them there. And so the terrorists kill Americans, and they get away with it. 
Pakistan did do some military oper-
ations in the tribal areas last year, but they tipped off the Haqqani network before they got there that they were coming. Pakistan tipping off terrorists is nothing new. Last fall, Leon Pa-netta, Secretary of Defense at the time of the bin Laden raid, says of the Paki-stanis, ‘‘We just can’t trust them.’’ I agree. We can’t trust Pakistan. 
My amendment does not cut money 
to protect Pakistan’s nuclear weapons. The amendment does recognize the U.S.-Pakistan relationship for what it is. We don’t need to pay Pakistan to be our enemy; they will do it for free. Pakistan has already received over $30 billion of our money since 2002. After 13 
years of giving Pakistan more and more money, it is time to do something different. My amendment simply cuts the money we give Pakistan in half. 
I reserve the balance of my time. 
b2045 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair-
man, I rise in opposition to the gentle-man’s amendment. 
I certainly understand the gentle-
man’s passion, and at times, I share some of the same concerns he stated in his remarks. 
Just to put a little perspective on it, 
the coalition support fund allows the Secretary of Defense to reimburse any key cooperating nation for logistical and military support, including access, specialized training to personnel, pro-curement and provision of supplies and equipment provided by that nation in connection with the U.S. military oper-ations in Operation Enduring Freedom. 
Receipts for reimbursements are sub-
mitted by cooperating nations and are fully vetted by the Pentagon and fol-low strict criteria to meet the standard for reimbursement, and all payments are made in arrears and follow a notifi-cation to Congress, so there is a notifi-cation to Congress. 
Regarding Pakistan, the coalition 
support fund remains a critical tool to enable Pakistan to effectively deal with future challenges emerging from the U.S. drawdown. At times, I wonder whether we are withdrawing. 
It is also a cost-effective tool, some 
would say, for the U.S. to remain en-gaged in the region. I know all too well that our relationship with Pakistan is an uncomfortable one; I feel it, but these funds are sent to reimburse Paki-stan for actions to protect our inter-ests. 
These reimbursements are made to 
maintain some 186 Pakistani forces along 1,600 miles of border between Pakistan and Afghanistan to deter cross-border conflict, movement, and counterterrorism-counterinsurgency operations throughout the FATA, the Federally Administered Tribal Areas. 
The focus of this core level is against 
TTP, an al Qaeda-allied organization that conducts regional terrorist and in-surgent attacks. Nearly 28,000 mili-tants were killed, injured, or arrested due to these operations. Pakistan itself—and this doesn’t get much press—has suffered a lot of casualties themselves, about 5,000, while attempt-ing to secure this treacherous border. 
Continued support of the deployment 
of the Pakistan Armed Forces in FATA and other areas in the future is needed for the long-term stability of the area. 
I must oppose the amendment, al-
though I understand the passion with which the gentleman has made his ar-gument because I think it is in our long-term interest to have this rela-tionship. 
I would be happy to yield to the gen-
tleman from Indiana (Mr. V
ISCLOSKY ), 
my ranking member. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chairman, I 
thank the chairman for yielding and would acknowledge the gentleman from Texas’ legitimate concern. 
I would associate myself with the 
chairman’s remark, but make one im-portant addition, and that is the chair-man has been adamant that we be very, very careful about our relationship with Pakistan, and the bill recognizes difficulties we face. 
I would draw the Member’s attention 
to section 9015 that prohibits funds to Pakistan if the government is engaged in activities that present a concern to the government of the United States. 
I appreciate that the chairman in-
sisted on that language. That is in-cluded in the bill. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair-
man, I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Chairman, 
how much time do I have remaining? 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Texas has 1 minute remaining. 
Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I 
thank the ranking member and the chairman of the committee. 
Pakistan cannot be trusted. They lie 
about the reimbursements. They have not met the criteria that the ranking member has talked about the last 4 years, and they got the money anyway. They are playing us, Mr. Chairman, and we pay them; and they use that money to hurt us, to hurt Americans. 
This amendment says: we are cutting 
the money in half because of your prior conduct that shows you can’t be trust-ed. 
That is all this amendment does. I would hope Members of Congress 
would send a message to Pakistan: we are not going to pay you to hate us and pay you to kill us; we are going to cut the money off. 
And that is just the way it is. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. P
OE). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I 
demand a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas will be post-poned. 
The Clerk will read. The Clerk read as follows: 
OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , ARMY 
RESERVE  
For an additional amount for ‘‘Operation 
and Maintenance, Army Reserve’’, $124,559,000: Provided , That such amount is 
designated by the Congress for Overseas Con-tingency Operations/Global War on Ter-rorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , NAVYRESERVE  
For an additional amount for ‘‘Operation 
and Maintenance, Navy Reserve’’, $34,187,000: Provided , That such amount is designated by 
the Congress for Overseas Contingency Oper-ations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:30 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00090 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JN7.167 H10JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4097 June 10, 2015 
section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budg-
et and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , MARINE CORPS  
RESERVE  
For an additional amount for ‘‘Operation 
and Maintenance, Marine Corps Reserve’’, $3,455,000: Provided , That such amount is des-
ignated by the Congress for Overseas Contin-gency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Bal-anced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , AIRFORCE  
RESERVE  
For an additional amount for ‘‘Operation 
and Maintenance, Air Force Reserve’’, $209,606,000: Provided , That such amount is 
designated by the Congress for Overseas Con-tingency Operations/Global War on Ter-rorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , ARMY 
NATIONAL GUARD  
For an additional amount for ‘‘Operation 
and Maintenance, Army National Guard’’, $160,845,000: Provided , That such amount is 
designated by the Congress for Overseas Con-tingency Operations/Global War on Ter-rorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , AIRNATIONAL  
GUARD  
For an additional amount for ‘‘Operation 
and Maintenance, Air National Guard’’, $225,350,000: Provided , That such amount is 
designated by the Congress for Overseas Con-tingency Operations/Global War on Ter-rorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
C
OUNTERTERRORISM PARTNERSHIPS FUND 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  
For the ‘‘Counterterrorism Partnerships 
Fund’’, $2,060,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017: Provided , That such 
funds shall be available to provide support and assistance to foreign security forces or other groups or individuals to conduct, sup-port, or facilitate counterterrorism and cri-sis response activities pursuant to section 1534 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015: Provided further , That 
the Secretary of Defense shall transfer the funds provided herein to other appropria-tions provided for in this Act to be merged with and to be available for the same pur-poses and subject to the same authorities and for the same time period as the appro-priation to which transferred: Provided fur-
ther, That the transfer authority under this 
heading is in addition to any other transfer authority provided elsewhere in this Act: Provided further , That the funds available 
under this heading are available for transfer only to the extent that the Secretary of De-fense submits a prior approval reprogram-ming request to the congressional defense committees: Provided further , That the Sec-
retary of Defense shall comply with the ap-propriate vetting standards and procedures established elsewhere in this Act for any re-cipient of training, equipment, or other as-sistance: Provided further , That the amount 
provided under this heading is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Oper-ations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budg-et and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
A
FGHANISTAN SECURITY FORCES FUND 
For the ‘‘Afghanistan Security Forces 
Fund’’, $3,762,257,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017: Provided , That such 
funds shall be available to the Secretary of Defense, notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, for the purpose of allowing the Commander, Combined Security Transition Command—Afghanistan, or the Secretary’s designee, to provide assistance, with the con-currence of the Secretary of State, to the se-curity forces of Afghanistan, including the provision of equipment, supplies, services, training, facility and infrastructure repair, renovation, construction, and funding: Pro-
vided further , That the Secretary of Defense 
may obligate and expend funds made avail-able to the Department of Defense in this 
title for additional costs associated with ex-isting projects previously funded with amounts provided under the heading ‘‘Af-ghanistan Infrastructure Fund’’ in prior Acts: Provided further , That such costs shall 
be limited to contract changes resulting from inflation, market fluctuation, rate ad-justments, and other necessary contract ac-tions to complete existing projects, and asso-ciated supervision and administration costs and costs for design during construction: Provided further , That the Secretary may not 
use more than $50,000,000 under the authority provided in this section: Provided further , 
That the Secretary shall notify in advance such contract changes and adjustments in annual reports to the congressional defense committees: Provided further , That the au-
thority to provide assistance under this heading is in addition to any other authority to provide assistance to foreign nations: Pro-
vided further , That contributions of funds for 
the purposes provided herein from any per-son, foreign government, or international or-ganization may be credited to this Fund, to remain available until expended, and used for such purposes: Provided further , That the 
Secretary of Defense shall notify the con-gressional defense committees in writing upon the receipt and upon the obligation of any contribution, delineating the sources and amounts of the funds received and the specific use of such contributions: Provided 
further , That the Secretary of Defense shall, 
not fewer than 15 days prior to obligating from this appropriation account, notify the congressional defense committees in writing of the details of any such obligation: Pro-
vided further , That the Secretary of Defense 
shall notify the congressional defense com-mittees of any proposed new projects or transfer of funds between budget sub-activ-ity groups in excess of $20,000,000: Provided 
further , That the United States may accept 
equipment procured using funds provided under this heading in this or prior Acts that was transferred to the security forces of Af-ghanistan and returned by such forces to the United States: Provided further , That equip-
ment procured using funds provided under this heading in this or prior Acts, and not yet transferred to the security forces of Af-ghanistan or transferred to the security forces of Afghanistan and returned by such forces to the United States, may be treated as stocks of the Department of Defense upon written notification to the congressional de-fense committees: Provided further , That of 
the funds provided under this heading, not less than $10,000,000 shall be for recruitment and retention of women in the Afghanistan National Security Forces, and the recruit-ment and training of female security per-sonnel: Provided further , That such amount is 
designated by the Congress for Overseas Con-tingency Operations/Global War on Ter-rorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . WALBERG  
Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Chairman, I have 
an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 130, beginning line 2, strike ‘‘Pro-
vided’’ and all that follows through line 17. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 303, the gentleman from Michigan and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Michigan. 
Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
I rise to offer a bipartisan amend-
ment with Ms. E
STY of Connecticut, 
Mr. C OHEN of Tennessee, Mr. J ONES of 
North Carolina, and Mr. C ICILLINE of 
Rhode Island that works to assure the appropriate use of American taxpayer dollars in Afghanistan. 
This amendment is in keeping with 
the clear position of the House, as we have voted numerous times in bipar-tisan fashion to limit funds for the Af-ghanistan infrastructure fund, a pro-gram which has been poorly run and is lacking in oversight. 
This amendment would specifically 
strike the language which allows $50 million in funds for the Afghanistan se-curity forces fund to be redirected to-ward the Afghanistan infrastructure fund account. 
Mr. Chairman, we have spent billions 
of dollars toward rebuilding the infra-structure of Afghanistan, and Congress has provided $1.3 billion to the Afghan-istan infrastructure fund since it was created in 2011. However, funds have 
been slow to be spent; and, as of March 31, 2015, more than 55 percent of AIF funds remain to be expended. 
Additionally, the Special Inspector 
General for Afghanistan Reconstruc-tion, SIGAR, has repeatedly found that DOD has experienced challenges in exe-cuting large infrastructure projects and that many projects underway are behind schedule and face serious cost overruns. 
SIGAR’s audits have also found that 
we have inadequate sustainment plans and that projects lack an identifiable counterinsurgency benefit. SIGAR has also expressed reservations about the Afghans’ ability to even operate and maintain these energy projects upon completion. 
Now, it is my understanding that 
DOD requested this repurposing of funds because the budget authority on previously authorized funds is about to expire. I know we all look to our com-manders in the field for guidance on what they need to finish the job in Af-ghanistan, but with over half of exist-ing funds remaining to be expended, I ask: Mr. Chairman, why should we take away from other programs and give to this one? 
I urge adoption of my amendment, 
and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chairman, I 
claim the time in opposition to the gentleman’s amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Indiana is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:30 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00091 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JN7.081 H10JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4098 June 10, 2015 
Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chairman, I 
share the gentleman’s deep concern over the tax dollars that have been, if you would, wasted—is probably the most polite term I can think of—in some of the infrastructure investment in Afghanistan and would not in any way argue that point. 
The gentleman mentions the Special 
Inspector General for Afghanistan Re-construction. He and his office have been in mine, the chairman’s, the com-mittee, and there is no question that the gentleman makes a very, very im-portant point about making sure that those funds we are spending, despite the best of intentions, be spent care-fully. 
I would note to my colleagues that 
we do have within somewhat recent time, the last year or so since August, a new government in place in Afghani-stan. The administration has made a decision to maintain troop levels at their current position given that change of government and, if you would, after all of the loss of life, the suffering, and loss of treasury for the last 14 years, to give that nation one last good chance. 
I rise in opposition, essentially, to do 
that for Afghanistan and to give them that last good chance for these few re-maining significant projects. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Will the gen-
tleman yield? 
Mr. VISCLOSKY. I yield to the gen-
tleman from New Jersey. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair-
man, let me echo some of the senti-ments of Mr. V
ISCLOSKY about some of 
the concerns and some of the reports that have been issued by the Special Inspector General for Afghanistan Re-construction. It should be worrisome. A hell of a lot of money has been wast-ed. 
I do think there are some projects 
that need to be completed. One that comes to mind is the Kandahar bridg-ing solution, the plan to bring electric power to Kandahar. It ends in 3 months. We need to continue that in-vestment. This was a top counterinsur-gency priority. Most road projects are completed. The second is the Kajaki Dam has less than a year’s work re-maining and will supply renewable electric power to the grid. 
These are elements of stability that 
sometimes get lost in reports of empty buildings where there are no occupants and no electricity. I think we need to continue to give a helping hand to the Afghan people because, if they don’t have an economy, then they are not going to have any national security. They need a stable economy, and some of these projects near completion need to be continued. 
I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chairman, I 
would simply suggest, again, we have a new government. I certainly think their concern for ethics, as well as care in investment, is worth taking that last good chance to give them a last good chance. I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Chairman, I ap-
preciate the words, the sentiments, the compassion of both my colleagues; but this is an issue that we have addressed for quite some time. It is not new. 
I am as concerned about our adminis-
tration of the funds, our Department of Defense encouragement of Afghans to use the funds, and to make sure that contractual arrangements are in place so completion will take place. We have not seen that. 
I think it is time that reality strikes 
home. While I understand the need to encourage a new government, some-times, the best way is tough love and a clear indication that comes through fi-nances as well. 
I, again, encourage my colleagues to 
adopt my amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Michigan (Mr. W
ALBERG ). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair-
man, I demand a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Michigan will be postponed. 
b2100 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
read. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
IRAQTRAIN AND EQUIP FUND 
For the ‘‘Iraq Train and Equip Fund’’, 
$715,000,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2017: Provided , That such funds 
shall be available to the Secretary of De-fense, in coordination with the Secretary of State, pursuant to section 1236 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113-291; 128 Stat. 3558), to provide assistance, including training, equipment, logistics support, supplies, and services, stipends, infrastructure repair, ren-ovation, and sustainment to military and other security forces of or associated with the Government of Iraq, including Kurdish and tribal security forces or other local secu-rity forces, with a national security mission, to counter the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant: Provided further , That the Secretary 
of Defense shall ensure that prior to pro-viding assistance to elements of any forces such elements are appropriately vetted, in-cluding at a minimum, assessing such ele-ments for associations with terrorist groups or groups associated with the Government of Iran; and receiving commitments from such elements to promote respect for human rights and the rule of law: Provided further , 
That the Secretary of Defense may accept and retain contributions, including assist-ance in-kind, from foreign governments, in-cluding the Government of Iraq, and other entities, to carry out assistance authorized under this heading: Provided further , That 
contributions of funds for the purposes pro-vided herein from any foreign government or other entities, may be credited to this Fund, to remain available until expended, and used for such purposes: Provided further , That not 
more than 25 percent of the funds appro-priated under this heading may be obligated or expended until not fewer than 15 days 
after (1) the Secretary of Defense submits a report to the appropriate congressional com-mittees, describing the plan for the provision of such training and assistance and the forces designated to receive such assistance, and (2) the President submits a report to the appropriate congressional committees on how assistance provided under this heading supports a larger regional strategy: Provided 
further , That of the amount provided under 
this heading, not more than 60 percent may be obligated or expended until not less than 15 days after the date on which the Secretary of Defense certifies to the appropriate con-gressional committees that an amount equal to not less than 40 percent of the amount provided under this heading has been con-tributed by other countries and entities for the purposes for which funds are provided under this heading, of which at least 50 per-cent shall have been contributed or provided by the Government of Iraq: Provided further , 
That the limitation in the preceding proviso shall not apply if the Secretary of Defense determines, in writing, that the national se-curity objectives of the United States will be compromised by the application of the limi-tation to such assistance, and notifies the appropriate congressional committees not less than 15 days in advance of the exemp-tion taking effect, including a justification for the Secretary’s determination and a de-scription of the assistance to be exempted from the application of such limitation: Pro-
vided further , That the Secretary of Defense 
may waive a provision of law relating to the acquisition of items and support services or sections 40 and 40A of the Arms Export Con-trol Act (22 U.S.C. 2780 and 2785) if the Sec-retary determines such provisions of law would prohibit, restrict, delay or otherwise limit the provision of such assistance and a notice of and justification for such waiver is submitted to the appropriate congressional committees: Provided further , That the term 
‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ under this heading means the congressional defense committees, the Committees on Ap-propriations and Foreign Relations of the Senate and the Committees on Appropria-tions and Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives: Provided further , That 
amounts made available under this heading are designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Ter-rorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . NOLAN  
Mr. NOLAN. Mr. Chairman, I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 132, line 10, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(reduced to $0)’’. 
Page 162, line 25, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(increased by $715,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 303, the gentleman from Minnesota and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Minnesota. 
Mr. NOLAN. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
I would like to begin by taking a mo-
ment to thank Chairman F
RELING -
HUYSEN and Ranking Member V IS-
CLOSKY . As one who served a long time 
ago when everything came up under an open rule, we don’t see as much of that. I can’t commend both of the gentlemen 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:30 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00092 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JN7.171 H10JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4099 June 10, 2015 
and their committees enough. I wish 
everybody in America could see how hard they have worked in their com-mittees and here on the House floor. The country should know that there are no two more highly regarded people who are serving in this Chamber than our chairman and our ranking member. 
Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment 
that will save us a lot of money and, quite frankly, end a sad chapter in American history. My amendment eliminates funding for the Iraq Train and Equip Program and applies that money to reducing the deficit. The ad-ministration, as we all know, is now urging strategic patience with Iraq. The truth is we have had a failed strat-egy there from the very beginning. The fact is that this is a century-old con-flict. The fact is that we have no friends in this conflict. The history of it is clear. 
I happened to be up in Tora Bora 
back in the seventies, and I learned that we were funding and training and equipping the Mujahedeen to fight against the Russians under the notion that the enemy of our enemy is our friend. We were wrong. They morphed into al Qaeda, and they were the people who bombed the World Trade Center. Then we supported Saddam Hussein in the war against Iran. We knew he had used chemical weapons, because we had the sales receipts. We had supplied them. After that, we deposed him. Then we put the Shiites in power, and the Shiites proceeded to tell all of the Christians and the Jews and the Catho-lics, ‘‘Get out of town, or we will kill you.’’ They shut down all of the syna-gogues and the Catholic churches. Then we decided we would have a Sunni awakening. That was supplying arms and weapons to the Sunnis be-cause the Shiites were persecuting them. They ultimately morphed into what we now have as ISIL. Now here we are. We find ourselves fighting the Shiites in Yemen, and we are sup-porting the Shiites in Iraq. We are not sure if we are for them or against them in Syria. 
The simple truth is that we have 
been on every side of this conflict. We really have no friends in this conflict. Inevitably, our goodwill, our good in-tentions have resulted in the arms and the weapons, as Judge P
OEjust said, 
ending up in the hands of our enemies, and they use them against us. 
The fact is we have spent $3 trillion 
on this conflict. Think about that—$3 trillion. For $1 trillion of that, we could have graduated debt free every kid in America from college and voca-tional school. Just think about it. We could have rebuilt our transportation and infrastructure system in this coun-try. For another $1 trillion, we could have given the Americans a tax break. 
Mr. Chairman, instead of 13 years of 
war, the administration now admits that we have no strategy. The Sec-retary of Defense admits that the Iraqi Army has no will to fight ISIL. When they took over Ramadi, all they did was growl at them, and they ran like 
rabbits. They left their Humvees, and they left their tanks, and they left all of their weapons, and we resupplied ISIL, once again, to use those weapons against us. The weapons we have sup-plied and the people we have trained have ended up in enemy hands time and time again and have been used against us. 
Mr. Chairman and colleagues, you 
know the old definition of insanity is repeating the same behavior, is repeat-ing the same behavior, is repeating the same behavior over and over and ex-pecting some different result. To para-phrase the old Serenity Prayer, let me say, Mr. President and colleagues: Let us change what we have the power, the wisdom, and the courage to do before we bankrupt this country. 
The Acting CHAIR. The time of the 
gentleman has expired. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair-
man, I rise in opposition to the gentle-man’s amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from New Jersey is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair-
man, may I say that I share quite a lot of the gentleman’s sentiments. 
I have said on a number of occasions, 
when you put the Defense bill forward, sometimes you have to support things that the Commander in Chief and the President want that you are highly du-bious about. I have been very con-flicted about this Train and Equip. At times, I think the enemy is doing a better job of training and equipping their own than we are, and, at times, it has been pretty deplorable. I want the gentleman to know I do support this ef-fort. Let me just put some meat on the bones to, maybe, even make his point but, in reality, tell a little truth about the program. 
The Iraq Train and Equip Program 
provides about $715 million in both funding and authority to assist mili-tary and other forces associated with the Government of Iraq, including Kurdish and tribal security forces, with a national security mission to counter ISIL. We do know in the overall mix— and the gentleman from Minnesota knows it—there are some good guys over there. Of course, a lot of the good guys have been taken over by the Quds Force and the Iranians to the south, but, in reality, we do have some good allies in the north with the Kurds, so I haven’t given up on all parts of Iraq. 
I think we need to continue to sup-
port the program. Evidently, our Presi-dent does as well. We are sending 400 more advisers over to, shall we say, set up a new base camp in Ramadi in Anbar province to sort of respond to a huge crisis there when that city was taken over. I would hate to abandon the people of Iraq without giving it one more try. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield such time as he 
may consume to the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. V
ISCLOSKY ), my ranking 
member. Mr. VISCLOSKY. I thank the chair-
man for yielding. 
Mr. Chairman, I appreciate the gen-
tleman’s motivation in offering this. In a sense, the three of us are agreed given the skepticism that has been ex-pressed here today. 
I would also add that I do believe this 
institution needs to have a resolution that defines with some specificity what our projection of force should be as to the disposition of our military per-sonnel and assets. Certainly, I am grievously disappointed for those coun-tries in that region in their lack of clarity and purpose. Also, in using, if you would, a religious theme, I was taught that we should have hope in the future, and my concern is, if we cease this training program for those who want a change in government, for those who want to do the right thing in Syria, they will lose what shred of hope still exists. 
Principally, for that reason, I join 
with the chairman in opposition to the gentleman’s amendment, but I do ap-preciate the gentleman’s motivation. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair-
man, how much time do I have remain-ing? 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from New Jersey has 1
1⁄2minutes re-
maining. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. In reclaim-
ing my time, I have a few other com-ments. 
Mr. Chairman, I said I do work on be-
half of the President of the United States and our Commander in Chief, and I have to say I have concerns about our continued investment in Pakistan. We debated that. We have had talk about the Afghan infrastructure fund, which has been troubled with projects, and this is an ongoing area which has not been trouble free. Yet it is inter-esting that nobody from the White House, since the budget was intro-duced, has reached out to me relative to defending these programs. 
I think the people of these countries 
deserve protection and support, but it is interesting that we carry the water on these issues and on many other issues on this committee. Do we get any reinforcements? Actually, our en-tire bill has been put together for all of our military services without any as-sistance from those military services to get us across the finish line. I think it is remarkable. The standoffishness— the ambivalence—about working with us, I think, is a total disgrace. 
I have to oppose the gentleman’s 
amendment, and he certainly knows more about my sentiments publicly that I have expressed in the past. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Minnesota (Mr. N
OLAN ). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. NOLAN. Mr. Chairman, I demand 
a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:30 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00093 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JN7.175 H10JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4100 June 10, 2015 
the gentleman from Minnesota will be 
postponed. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
read. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
SYRIA TRAIN AND EQUIP FUND 
For the ‘‘Syria Train and Equip Fund’’, 
$600,000,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2017: Provided , That such funds 
shall be available to the Secretary of De-fense, in coordination with the Secretary of State, to provide assistance, including train-ing, equipment, supplies, stipends, construc-tion of training and associated facilities, and sustainment, to appropriately vetted ele-ments of the Syrian opposition and other ap-propriately vetted Syrian groups and indi-viduals for the following purposes: defending the Syrian people from attacks by the Is-lamic State of Iraq and the Levant, and se-curing territory controlled by the Syrian op-position; protecting the United States, its friends and allies, and the Syrian people from the threats posed by terrorists in Syria; and promoting the conditions for a nego-tiated settlement to end the conflict in Syria: Provided further , That the Secretary 
may accept and retain contributions, includ-ing assistance in-kind, from foreign govern-ments and other entities to carry out activi-ties authorized under this heading: Provided 
further , That contributions of funds for the 
purposes provided herein from any foreign government or other entities may be cred-ited to this Fund, to remain available until expended and used for such purposes: Pro-
vided further , That the Secretary may pro-
vide assistance to third countries for pur-poses of the provision of assistance author-ized under this heading: Provided further , 
That the term ‘‘appropriately vetted’’ shall be construed to mean, at a minimum, assess-ments of possible recipients for associations with terrorist groups including the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL), Jabhat al Nusrah, Ahrar al Sham, other al-Qaeda re-lated groups, Hezbollah, or Shia militias sup-porting the Governments of Syria or Iran; and for commitment to the rule of law and a peaceful and democratic Syria: Provided fur-
ther, That none of the funds used pursuant to 
this authority shall be used for the procure-ment or transfer of man-portable air-defense systems: Provided further , That nothing in 
this section shall be construed to constitute a specific statutory authorization for the in-troduction of the United States Armed Forces into hostilities or into situations wherein hostilities are clearly indicated by the circumstances, in accordance with sec-tion 8(a)(1) of the War Powers Resolution: Provided further , That such amount is des-
ignated by the Congress for Overseas Contin-gency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Bal-anced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . CLAWSON OF  
FLORIDA  
Mr. CLAWSON of Florida. Mr. Chair-
man, I have an amendment before the floor for consideration. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 135, line 13, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(reduced to $0)’’. 
Page 162, line 25, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(increased by $600,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 303, the gentleman from Florida and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Florida. Mr. CLAWSON of Florida. Mr. Chair-
man, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
I would like to start tonight by say-
ing that my mother is gravely ill in Florida this evening, and I can’t be with her, but I want her to know that I am with her right now, and I am al-ways with her. 
We all want to end U.S. involvement 
in conflicts where there is no long-term strategy, no vision of success in the end, and the disproportional sacrifice of our brave military forces, Mr. Chair-man. U.S. involvement against ISIS in Syria fits this characterization. The administration even admits that there is no comprehensive strategy in place. Therefore, by amendment, we are pro-posing to defund U.S. support for the Syrian rebels and move the funds to the spending reduction account. 
Last September, Congress allocated 
$500 million to train and arm Syrian rebels. This program, however, is fraught with uncertainties and doubts, and the launch of the program has been less than impressive. Of the 15,000 Syr-ian rebels we planned to train and equip over a 3-year period, so far, only about 400 have been vetted and deemed ready. Meanwhile, other Syrian rebels have either disappeared from the bat-tlefield or have defected to extremist factions, and ISIS has expanded its ground forces, its operations, and its territories. Other jihadist factions in Syria are also gaining strength, and the Assad regime continues its atroc-ities. 
The civil war in Syria has now re-
sulted in 220,000 Syrian deaths and in 11.5 million people—over half the popu-lation—displaced within Syria. The U.S. continues to provide, by far, the bulk of the military might, most of it air power. It is hard to imagine defeat-ing ISIS without substantial ground forces to combat it at this point. The Defense Appropriations bill includes $600 million to train and arm Syrian rebels as part of this needed boots-on- the-ground. 
b2115 
But whatever the number of Syrian 
rebels we ultimately introduce into the battlefield, they alone, I believe, are unlikely to turn the tide. Nor are these rebels expected to end the Assad gov-ernment, even though that, too, is one of our stated goals. 
History has shown that when we arm 
untested and difficult-to-vet rebel forces, the weapons we provide too often wind up being aimed at our U.S. troops. I am told that the last time our country funded a foreign war through vicarious fighters was the Taliban fighting against the Russians in the 1970s. 
Please join us in saying ‘‘no’’ to addi-
tional funding for these untested Syr-ian rebels unless and until Congress re-ceives clear answers to the following questions: Where is the accounting for the first $500 million? I don’t have it. Why isn’t the second $600 million, if ap-propriate, funded by other folks in the 
coalition? What is the objective? What does success look like in the Syrian civil war? Does victory require the end of the Assad government? What is the comprehensive strategy for defeating ISIS in Iraq and beyond? 
In our view, without the answers to 
these questions, it makes no sense to proceed. It is our job to review and as-sess. I ask that defunding of the Syrian train and equip fund be accomplished by this amendment to H.R. 2685. 
I acknowledge my deep admiration 
for the chairman and ranking member and what they have accomplished in this bill and acknowledge so many good things in the bill, but it is hard for me to accept this war that is going nowhere. 
I yield to the gentleman from Min-
nesota (Mr. N
OLAN ). 
Mr. NOLAN. Mr. Chairman, I am glad 
to join my colleague. I have enormous respect for the chairman and the rank-ing member’s good and noble inten-tions, but, again, the fact is we have no friends in these conflicts. The weapons that we send inevitably are being used against us. I was here during the Viet-nam war conflict, and the arguments that we hear today for continuing this involvement is to somehow make something good out of what hasn’t been quite so good, and we finally ended that conflict by cutting off the funds for it. That is how we are going to end our wars of choice in the Middle East, wars of choice that are bank-rupting this country and costly in blood and treasury. 
Mr. CLAWSON of Florida. I yield 
back the balance of my time. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair-
man, I rise in opposition to the amend-ment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from New Jersey is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair-
man, I am sure, on behalf of everybody on the floor, we extend to Mr. C
LAWSON  
our sympathy and hope that his moth-er will recover. I am sure if she has the ability to be watching the television tonight, she is already very proud of his courageous remarks on the floor. 
Mr. CLAWSON of Florida. Heartfelt. 
Thanks. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair-
man, while I appreciate the sentiment of the amendment, this is a com-plicated issue—that is an understate-ment—with multifaceted policy rami-fications that really can’t be fully de-bated in 5 or 10 minutes. The situation in Syria remains highly complicated and complex and poses imminent threats to the United States and allied interests, particularly Israel, Jordan, and Iraq. 
Recognizing congressional concerns 
regarding potential U.S. military in-volvement in Syria, our bill appro-priates funds in the GWOT account, the title IX that I talked about several hours ago to train and equip Syrians. It also further prohibits the introduction 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:30 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00094 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JN7.176 H10JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4101 June 10, 2015 
of U.S. military forces into hostilities 
in Syria except in accordance with the War Powers Act. 
However, this amendment, in my 
judgment, goes too far, for it attempts to tie the U.S. Government’s hands in navigating the complicated situation we—or, more importantly, our allies Israel and Jordan—face related to threats emanating from ISIL in Iraq and Syria every day. We have to be re-alistic. There are many countries, in-cluding our allies, as well as other groups already involved in Syria. 
This amendment would do nothing to 
stop the arming of the Syrian opposi-tion. What this amendment would do is remove the possibility of the U.S. en-gaging under any circumstances, even if such engagement would be in the best interests of the United States or allies. Even at this rate, the U.S. is paying just a portion of the costs. 
I yield to the gentleman from Indi-
ana (Mr. V
ISCLOSKY ), the ranking mem-
ber, for any comments he may wish to make. 
Mr. VISCLOSKY. I thank the gen-
tleman for yielding. I also want to ex-press my best wishes for the gentle-man’s mother. It is hard to oppose a gentleman who went to Purdue Univer-sity. I know he is a very smart indi-vidual. I have my other colleague here from Minnesota. 
I have spoken to our colleagues on 
the previous amendment. I think peo-ple understand my position. I simply would add my voice to the chairman and emphasize, this is a very tough problem, and we ought to maintain as large a degree of flexibility as we can. 
I appreciate the chairman’s remarks 
and associate myself with them. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I urge a ‘‘no’’ 
vote on this amendment, but I cer-tainly understand the sentiments be-hind it. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Florida (Mr. C
LAWSON ). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. NOLAN. Mr. Chairman, I demand 
a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Florida will be postponed. 
The Clerk will read. The Clerk read as follows: 
PROCUREMENT 
AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT , ARMY 
For an additional amount for ‘‘Aircraft 
Procurement, Army’’, $759,073,000, to remain available until September 30, 2018: Provided , 
That such amount is designated by the Con-gress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
M
ISSILE PROCUREMENT , ARMY 
For an additional amount for ‘‘Missile Pro-
curement, Army’’, $572,735,000, to remain available until September 30, 2018: Provided , That such amount is designated by the Con-
gress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
P
ROCUREMENT OF WEAPONS AND TRACKED  
COMBAT VEHICLES , ARMY 
For an additional amount for ‘‘Procure-
ment of Weapons and Tracked Combat Vehi-cles, Army’’, $647,630,000, to remain available until September 30, 2018: Provided , That such 
amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
P
ROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION , ARMY 
For an additional amount for ‘‘Procure-
ment of Ammunition, Army’’, $431,640,000, to remain available until September 30, 2018: Provided , That such amount is designated by 
the Congress for Overseas Contingency Oper-ations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budg-et and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
O
THER PROCUREMENT , ARMY 
For an additional amount for ‘‘Other Pro-
curement, Army’’, $1,648,312,000, to remain available until September 30, 2018: Provided , 
That such amount is designated by the Con-gress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
A
IRCRAFT PROCUREMENT , NAVY 
For an additional amount for ‘‘Aircraft 
Procurement, Navy’’, $722,274,000, to remain available until September 30, 2018: Provided , 
That such amount is designated by the Con-gress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
P
ROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION , NAVY AND  
MARINE CORPS  
For an additional amount for ‘‘Procure-
ment of Ammunition, Navy and Marine Corps’’, $105,459,000, to remain available until September 30, 2018: Provided , That such 
amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
O
THER PROCUREMENT , NAVY 
For an additional amount for ‘‘Other Pro-
curement, Navy’’, $12,186,000, to remain available until September 30, 2018: Provided , 
That such amount is designated by the Con-gress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
P
ROCUREMENT , MARINE CORPS  
For an additional amount for ‘‘Procure-
ment, Marine Corps’’, $234,741,000, to remain available until September 30, 2018: Provided , 
That such amount is designated by the Con-gress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
A
IRCRAFT PROCUREMENT , AIRFORCE  
For an additional amount for ‘‘Aircraft 
Procurement, Air Force’’, $1,297,726,000, to remain available until September 30, 2018: Provided , That such amount is designated by 
the Congress for Overseas Contingency Oper-ations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budg-et and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
M
ISSILE PROCUREMENT , AIRFORCE  
For an additional amount for ‘‘Missile Pro-
curement, Air Force’’, $773,638,000, to remain available until September 30, 2018: Provided , 
That such amount is designated by the Con-gress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
S
PACE PROCUREMENT , AIRFORCE  
For an additional amount for ‘‘Space Pro-
curement, Air Force’’, $452,676,000, to remain available until September 30, 2018: Provided , 
That such amount is designated by the Con-gress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
P
ROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION , AIRFORCE  
For an additional amount for ‘‘Procure-
ment of Ammunition, Air Force’’, $1,673,358,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2018: Provided , That such amount 
is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Ter-rorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
O
THER PROCUREMENT , AIRFORCE  
For an additional amount for ‘‘Other Pro-
curement, Air Force’’, $7,045,550,000, to re-main available until September 30, 2018: Pro-
vided , That such amount is designated by the 
Congress for Overseas Contingency Oper-ations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budg-et and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
P
ROCUREMENT , DEFENSE -WIDE 
For an additional amount for ‘‘Procure-
ment, Defense-Wide’’, $217,701,000, to remain available until September 30, 2018: Provided , 
That such amount is designated by the Con-gress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
N
ATIONAL GUARD AND RESERVE EQUIPMENT  
ACCOUNT  
For procurement of covered items for the 
reserve components of the Armed Forces, $1,500,000,000, to remain available for obliga-tion until September 30, 2017: Provided , That 
the Chiefs of National Guard and Reserve components shall, not later than 30 days after enactment of this Act, individually submit to the congressional defense commit-tees the modernization priority assessment for their respective National Guard or Re-serve component: Provided, That for the pur-
poses of this paragraph, the term ‘‘covered items’’ means items that— (1) are not major weapon systems, aircraft, or other items cen-tral to the mission of an organization; and (2) are useful for both missions performed under title 10, United States Code, and mis-sions performed under title 32, United States Code, when applicable, including radios, gen-erators, computers, trucks, and other dual- use items: Provided further , That such 
amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND 
EVALUATION 
R
ESEARCH , DEVELOPMENT , TEST AND  
EVALUATION , ARMY 
For an additional amount for ‘‘Research, 
Development, Test and Evaluation, Army’’, $1,500,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2017: Provided , That such amount 
is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Ter-rorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:30 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00095 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JN7.179 H10JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4102 June 10, 2015 
RESEARCH , DEVELOPMENT , TEST AND  
EVALUATION , NAVY 
For an additional amount for ‘‘Research, 
Development, Test and Evaluation, Navy’’, $217,647,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2017: Provided , That such amount 
is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Ter-rorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
R
ESEARCH , DEVELOPMENT , TEST AND  
EVALUATION , AIRFORCE  
For an additional amount for ‘‘Research, 
Development, Test and Evaluation, Air Force’’, $1,366,242,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017: Provided , That such 
amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
R
ESEARCH , DEVELOPMENT , TEST AND  
EVALUATION , DEFENSE -WIDE 
For an additional amount for ‘‘Research, 
Development, Test and Evaluation, Defense- Wide’’, $199,264,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017: Provided , That such 
amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
REVOLVING AND MANAGEMENT FUNDS 
D
EFENSE WORKING CAPITAL FUNDS  
For an additional amount for ‘‘Defense 
Working Capital Funds’’, $88,850,000: Pro-
vided , That such amount is designated by the 
Congress for Overseas Contingency Oper-ations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budg-et and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
OTHER DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE 
PROGRAMS 
D
EFENSE HEALTH PROGRAM  
For an additional amount for ‘‘Defense 
Health Program’’, $272,704,000, which shall be for operation and maintenance: Provided , 
That such amount is designated by the Con-gress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
D
RUGINTERDICTION AND COUNTER -DRUG 
ACTIVITIES , DEFENSE  
For an additional amount for ‘‘Drug Inter-
diction and Counter-Drug Activities, De-fense’’, $275,300,000: Provided , That such 
amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
J
OINT IMPROVISED EXPLOSIVE DEVICE DEFEAT  
FUND 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  
For the ‘‘Joint Improvised Explosive De-
vice Defeat Fund’’, $443,271,000, to remain available until September 30, 2018: Provided , 
That such funds shall be available to the Secretary of Defense, notwithstanding any other provision of law, for the purpose of al-lowing the Director of the Joint Improvised Explosive Device Defeat Organization to in-vestigate, develop and provide equipment, supplies, services, training, facilities, per-sonnel and funds to assist United States forces in the defeat of improvised explosive devices: Provided further , That the Secretary 
of Defense may transfer funds provided here-in to appropriations for military personnel; operation and maintenance; procurement; research, development, test and evaluation; and defense working capital funds to accom-
plish the purpose provided herein: Provided 
further , That this transfer authority is in ad-
dition to any other transfer authority avail-able to the Department of Defense: Provided 
further , That the Secretary of Defense shall, 
not fewer than 15 days prior to making transfers from this appropriation, notify the congressional defense committees in writing of the details of any such transfer: Provided 
further , That such amount is designated by 
the Congress for Overseas Contingency Oper-ations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budg-et and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
O
FFICE OF THE INSPECTOR GENERAL  
For an additional amount for the ‘‘Office of 
the Inspector General’’, $10,262,000: Provided , 
That such amount is designated by the Con-gress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
GENERAL PROVISIONS—THIS TITLE 
S
EC. 9001. Each amount designated in this 
Act by the Congress for Overseas Contin-gency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Bal-anced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 shall be available only if the President subsequently so designates all such amounts and transmits such designa-tions to the Congress 
S
EC. 9002. Notwithstanding any other pro-
vision of law, funds made available in this title are in addition to amounts appropriated or otherwise made available for the Depart-ment of Defense for fiscal year 2016. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  
SEC. 9003. Upon the determination of the 
Secretary of Defense that such action is nec-essary in the national interest, the Sec-retary may, with the approval of the Office of Management and Budget, transfer up to $3,500,000,000 between the appropriations or funds made available to the Department of Defense in this title: Provided , That the Sec-
retary shall notify the Congress promptly of each transfer made pursuant to the author-ity in this section: Provided further , That the 
authority provided in this section is in addi-tion to any other transfer authority avail-able to the Department of Defense and is subject to the same terms and conditions as the authority provided in section 8005 of this Act. 
S
EC. 9004. Supervision and administration 
costs and costs for design during construc-tion associated with a construction project funded with appropriations available for op-eration and maintenance or the ‘‘Afghani-stan Security Forces Fund’’ provided in this Act and executed in direct support of over-seas contingency operations in Afghanistan, may be obligated at the time a construction contract is awarded: Provided , That for the 
purpose of this section, supervision and ad-ministration costs and costs for design dur-ing construction include all in-house Govern-ment costs. 
S
EC. 9005. From funds made available in 
this title, the Secretary of Defense may pur-chase for use by military and civilian em-ployees of the Department of Defense in the U.S. Central Command area of responsi-bility: (a) passenger motor vehicles up to a limit of $75,000 per vehicle; and (b) heavy and light armored vehicles for the physical secu-rity of personnel or for force protection pur-poses up to a limit of $450,000 per vehicle, notwithstanding price or other limitations applicable to the purchase of passenger car-rying vehicles. 
S
EC. 9006. Not to exceed $10,000,000 of the 
amounts appropriated in this title under the heading ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, 
Army’’ may be used, notwithstanding any other provision of law, to fund the Com-mander’s Emergency Response Program (CERP), for the purpose of enabling military commanders in Afghanistan to respond to urgent, small-scale, humanitarian relief and reconstruction requirements within their areas of responsibility: Provided , That each 
project (including any ancillary or related elements in connection with such project) executed under this authority shall not ex-ceed $2,000,000: Provided further , That not 
later than 45 days after the end of each fiscal year quarter, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense commit-tees a report regarding the source of funds and the allocation and use of funds during that quarter that were made available pursu-ant to the authority provided in this section or under any other provision of law for the purposes described herein: Provided further , 
That, not later than 30 days after the end of each month, the Army shall submit to the congressional defense committees monthly commitment, obligation, and expenditure data for the Commander’s Emergency Re-sponse Program in Afghanistan: Provided fur-
ther, That not less than 15 days before mak-
ing funds available pursuant to the author-ity provided in this section or under any other provision of law for the purposes de-scribed herein for a project with a total an-ticipated cost for completion of $500,000 or more, the Secretary shall submit to the con-gressional defense committees a written no-tice containing each of the following: 
(1) The location, nature and purpose of the 
proposed project, including how the project is intended to advance the military cam-paign plan for the country in which it is to be carried out. 
(2) The budget, implementation timeline 
with milestones, and completion date for the proposed project, including any other CERP funding that has been or is anticipated to be contributed to the completion of the project. 
(3) A plan for the sustainment of the pro-
posed project, including the agreement with either the host nation, a non-Department of Defense agency of the United States Govern-ment or a third-party contributor to finance the sustainment of the activities and main-tenance of any equipment or facilities to be provided through the proposed project. 
S
EC. 9007. Funds available to the Depart-
ment of Defense for operation and mainte-nance may be used, notwithstanding any other provision of law, to provide supplies, services, transportation, including airlift and sealift, and other logistical support to coalition forces supporting military and sta-bility operations in Afghanistan and to counter the Islamic State of Iraq and the Le-vant: Provided , That the Secretary of Defense 
shall provide quarterly reports to the con-gressional defense committees regarding support provided under this section. 
S
EC. 9008. None of the funds appropriated 
or otherwise made available by this or any other Act shall be obligated or expended by the United States Government for a purpose as follows: 
(1) To establish any military installation 
or base for the purpose of providing for the permanent stationing of United States Armed Forces in Iraq. 
(2) To exercise United States control over 
any oil resource of Iraq. 
(3) To establish any military installation 
or base for the purpose of providing for the permanent stationing of United States Armed Forces in Afghanistan. 
S
EC. 9009. None of the funds made available 
in this Act may be used in contravention of the following laws enacted or regulations promulgated to implement the United Na-tions Convention Against Torture and Other 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:30 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00096 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JN7.086 H10JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4103 June 10, 2015 
Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or 
Punishment (done at New York on December 10, 1984): 
(1) Section 2340A of title 18, United States 
Code. 
(2) Section 2242 of the Foreign Affairs Re-
form and Restructuring Act of 1998 (division G of Public Law 105–277; 112 Stat. 2681–822; 8 U.S.C. 1231 note) and regulations prescribed thereto, including regulations under part 208 of title 8, Code of Federal Regulations, and part 95 of title 22, Code of Federal Regula-tions. 
(3) Sections 1002 and 1003 of the Depart-
ment of Defense, Emergency Supplemental Appropriations to Address Hurricanes in the Gulf of Mexico, and Pandemic Influenza Act, 2006 (Public Law 109–148). 
S
EC. 9010. None of the funds provided for 
the ‘‘Afghanistan Security Forces Fund’’ (ASFF) may be obligated prior to the ap-proval of a financial and activity plan by the Afghanistan Resources Oversight Council (AROC) of the Department of Defense: Pro-
vided , That the AROC must approve the re-
quirement and acquisition plan for any serv-ice requirements in excess of $50,000,000 an-nually and any non-standard equipment re-quirements in excess of $100,000,000 using ASFF: Provided further , That the Department 
of Defense must certify to the congressional defense committees that the AROC has con-vened and approved a process for ensuring compliance with the requirements in the preceding proviso and accompanying report language for the ASFF. 
S
EC. 9011. Funds made available in this 
title to the Department of Defense for oper-ation and maintenance may be used to pur-chase items having an investment unit cost of not more than $250,000: Provided , That, 
upon determination by the Secretary of De-fense that such action is necessary to meet the operational requirements of a Com-mander of a Combatant Command engaged in contingency operations overseas, such funds may be used to purchase items having an investment item unit cost of not more than $500,000. 
S
EC. 9012. From funds made available to 
the Department of Defense in this title under the heading ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Air Force’’, up to $140,000,000 may be used by the Secretary of Defense, notwithstanding any other provision of law, to support United 
States Government transition activities in Iraq by funding the operations and activities of the Office of Security Cooperation in Iraq and security assistance teams, including life support, transportation and personal secu-rity, and facilities renovation and construc-tion, and site closeout activities prior to re-turning sites to the Government of Iraq: Pro-
vided , That to the extent authorized under 
the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016, the operations and activi-ties that may be carried out by the Office of Security Cooperation in Iraq may, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, in-clude non-operational training activities in support of Iraqi Minister of Defense and Counter Terrorism Service personnel in an institutional environment to address capa-bility gaps, integrate processes relating to intelligence, air sovereignty, combined arms, logistics and maintenance, and to manage and integrate defense-related institutions: Provided further , That not later than 30 days 
following the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of Defense and the Secretary of State shall submit to the congressional defense committees a plan for transitioning any such training activities that they determine are needed after the end of fiscal year 2016, to ex-isting or new contracts for the sale of de-fense articles or defense services consistent with the provisions of the Arms Export Con-trol Act (22 U.S.C. 2751 et seq.): Provided fur-ther, That not less than 15 days before mak-
ing funds available pursuant to the author-ity provided in this section, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional de-fense committees a written notice con-taining a detailed justification and timeline for the operations and activities of the Office of Security Cooperation in Iraq at each site where such operations and activities will be conducted during fiscal year 2016 : Provided 
further , That amounts made available by this 
section are designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
S
EC. 9013. The Secretary of Defense is au-
thorized, in coordination with the Secretary of State, to provide assistance, to the Gov-ernment of Jordan for purposes of supporting and enhancing efforts of the armed forces of Jordan and to sustain security along the bor-der of Jordan with Syria and Iraq: Provided , 
That up to $600,000,000 of funds appropriated by this Act for the Counterterrorism Part-nerships Fund may be used for activities au-thorized by this section: Provided further , 
That the Secretary may accept and retain contributions, including assistance in-kind, from foreign governments to carry out ac-tivities as authorized by this section and shall be credited to the appropriate appro-priations accounts, except that any funds so accepted by the Secretary shall not be avail-able for obligation until a reprogramming action is submitted to the congressional de-fense committees: Provided further , That the 
President and the Secretary of Defense shall comply with the reporting requirements in section 149(b)(1), (b)(2), (c), and (d) of the Continuing Appropriations Resolution, 2015 (Public Law 113–164): Provided further , That 
nothing in this section shall be construed to constitute a specific statutory authorization for the introduction of the United States Armed Forces into hostilities or into situa-
tions wherein hostilities are clearly indi-cated by the circumstances, in accordance with section 8(a)(1) of the War Powers Reso-lution: Provided further , That amounts made 
available by this section are designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Oper-ations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budg-et and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985: Provided further , That the authority to 
provide assistance under this section shall terminate on September 30, 2016. 
S
EC. 9014. For ‘‘Assistance and 
Sustainment to the Military and National Security Forces of Ukraine’’, $200,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2016: Provided , That such funds shall be available 
to the Secretary of Defense, or the Sec-retary’s designee, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, notwithstanding any other provision of law, for the purpose of providing assistance, including training, equipment, lethal weapons of a defensive na-ture, logistics support, supplies and services, and sustainment to the military and na-tional security forces of Ukraine, for the purposes of securing the sovereign territory of Ukraine against foreign aggressors, pro-tecting and defending the Ukrainian people from attacks posed by Russian-backed sepa-ratists, and promoting the conditions for a negotiated settlement to end the conflict: Provided further , That the authority to pro-
vide assistance under this heading is in addi-tion to any other authority to provide assist-ance to Ukraine: Provided further , That con-
tributions of funds for the purposes provided herein from any person, foreign government, or international organization may be cred-ited to this account, to remain available until expended: Provided further , That the 
Secretary of Defense shall notify the con-gressional defense committees in writing 
upon the receipt and upon the obligation of any contribution, delineating the sources and amounts of the funds received and the specific use of such contributions: Provided 
further , That the Secretary of Defense shall, 
not less than 15 days prior to obligating funds provided under this heading, notify the congressional defense committees in writing of the details of any such obligation: Pro-
vided further , That the United States may ac-
cept equipment procured using funds pro-vided under this heading in this or prior Acts that was transferred to the security forces of Ukraine and returned by such forces to the United States: Provided further , That equip-
ment procured using funds provided under this heading in this or prior Acts, and not yet transferred to the military or National Security Forces of Ukraine or returned by such forces to the United States, may be treated as stocks of the Department of De-fense upon written notification to the con-gressional defense committees : Provided fur-
ther, That amounts made available by this 
section are designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985: Pro-
vided further , That the authority to provide 
assistance under this section shall terminate on September 30, 2016. 
S
EC. 9015. (a) None of the funds appro-
priated or otherwise made available by this Act under the heading ‘‘Operation and Main-tenance, Defense-Wide’’ for payments under section 1233 of Public Law 110–181 for reim-bursement to the Government of Pakistan may be made available unless the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Sec-retary of State, certifies to the congressional defense committees that the Government of Pakistan is— 
(1) cooperating with the United States in 
counterterrorism efforts against the Haqqani Network, the Quetta Shura Taliban, Lashkar e-Tayyiba, Jaish-e-Mohammed, Al Qaeda, and other domestic and foreign terrorist or-ganizations, including taking steps to end support for such groups and prevent them from basing and operating in Pakistan and carrying out cross border attacks into neigh-boring countries; 
(2) not supporting terrorist activities 
against United States or coalition forces in Afghanistan, and Pakistan’s military and in-telligence agencies are not intervening 
extra-judicially into political and judicial processes in Pakistan; 
(3) dismantling improvised explosive device 
(IED) networks and interdicting precursor chemicals used in the manufacture of IEDs; 
(4) preventing the proliferation of nuclear- 
related material and expertise; 
(5) implementing policies to protect judi-
cial independence and due process of law; 
(6) issuing visas in a timely manner for 
United States visitors engaged in counterter-rorism efforts and assistance programs in Pakistan; and 
(7) providing humanitarian organizations 
access to detainees, internally displaced per-sons, and other Pakistani civilians affected by the conflict. 
(b) The Secretary of Defense, in coordina-
tion with the Secretary of State, may waive the restriction in subsection (a) on a case-by- case basis by certifying in writing to the congressional defense committees that it is in the national security interest to do so: Provided , That if the Secretary of Defense, in 
coordination with the Secretary of State, ex-ercises such waiver authority, the Secre-taries shall report to the congressional de-fense committees on both the justification for the waiver and on the requirements of this section that the Government of Paki-stan was not able to meet: Provided further , 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:30 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00097 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JN7.086 H10JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4104 June 10, 2015 
That such report may be submitted in classi-
fied form if necessary. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . POE OF TEXAS  
Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Strike subsection (b) of section 9015. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 303, the gentleman from Texas and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Texas. 
b2130 
Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
This amendment is very simple. It 
makes it so the Secretary of Defense cannot waive the conditions that are in the bill on giving money to Pakistan. 
Since 2010, Congress has put condi-
tions on our aid to Pakistan because Pakistan, frankly, can’t be trusted. In 2011, Pakistan tipped off terrorists who had IED factories that the U.S. Gov-ernment knew where they were. Paki-stan tipped off the Haqqani network before the Pakistan military went to the tribal areas last year. 
We didn’t tell Pakistan before we 
launched the raid that killed Osama bin Laden because, according to Sec-retary of Defense Leon Panetta, ‘‘We just can’t trust them.’’ 
This bill puts seven conditions on our 
aid to Pakistan. They are good condi-tions. Earlier this evening, about an hour ago, the ranking member men-tioned these conditions for aid to Paki-stan. They are commonsense things like, if Pakistan wants our money, it shouldn’t support terrorist activity against the United States—imagine that—or the Pakistan Government should dismantle the IED factories run by terrorists in Pakistan. These IED factories have killed many of our troops. 
Here is the problem. Each year, we 
put conditions on our aid. The bill also gives the Secretary of Defense the au-thority to give the money to Pakistan even if Pakistan doesn’t meet those conditions, and this year is no excep-tion. Once again, in this bill, we give the Secretary of Defense the authority to waive the conditions Congress puts in the bill. 
Four of the last 5 years, Pakistan has 
failed to meet the conditions Congress has imposed on this type of legislation, and then the Secretary of Defense went ahead and gave the waiver, thus giving the money to Pakistan anyway. 
The administration has never not 
given Pakistan money because it failed to meet our conditions—conditions set by Congress—normal, commonsense conditions like: you don’t get this money unless you meet these condi-tions. 
This amendment does one simple 
thing. It says: you meet the conditions, or you get no money from the United States; you don’t give money to terror-
ists, or you get no money from the United States. 
It does not allow the Secretary of De-
fense to waive Congress’ conditions and give the money anyway. 
That is what this legislation does. I 
would ask that the House support this amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair-
man, I claim the time in opposition to the gentleman’s amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from New Jersey is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair-
man, I oppose the amendment. This amendment would strike, as he said, the waiver that is used by the Sec-retary of Defense and also the Sec-retary of State. I think it would affect our national security. 
We need the cooperation of the Paki-
stanis. If we don’t have any, we lose in-sight into the actions of those who would do our country harm. 
I oppose this amendment as poten-
tially damaging to our national secu-rity, and I yield to the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. V
ISCLOSKY ), the ranking 
member. 
Mr. VISCLOSKY. I thank the chair 
for yielding, and I associate myself with his remarks. 
Again, I am not unsympathetic to 
the position the gentleman has raised, but I do not think we are in a very dif-ficult relationship, that we restrain our flexibility to meet the moment. 
For that reason, I join the chairman 
in his opposition to the amendment. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I yield back 
the balance of my time. 
Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Chairman, 
how much time do I have remaining? 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Texas has 2
1⁄2minutes remaining. 
Mr. POE of Texas. I thank both the 
ranking member and the chairman for their comments and their work on this legislation. 
My amendment says, to quote the 
chairman earlier, ‘‘We mean what we say.’’ We say as a Congress that, if we are going to give American money to Pakistan to help us, they can’t do cer-tain things with that money. They can’t support terrorism. They can’t allow IEDs to be built that are used to kill Americans. These conditions are commonsense, good ideas. 
In the past, we have done this before. 
If we mean what we say, then we should require these conditions before we give Pakistan American money; but the law has allowed that Secretary of Defense to waive Congress’ conditions and give them our money anyway. 
Pakistan has proven they didn’t meet 
the conditions in 4 years of the last 5. They got the money anyway because the Secretary waived the rule of law or waived our conditions. 
This bill does something very simple. 
It says: Congress says there are certain rules to get American money; you fol-low the rules, or you don’t get the money. Nobody can waive the condi-
tion and give you a pass and give you American money anyway. 
I would ask that this amendment be 
adopted, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. P
OE). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I 
demand a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas will be post-poned. 
VACATING DEMAND FOR RECORDED VOTE ON  
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . ROTHFUS  
Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Chairman, I com-
mend Chairman F RELINGHUYSEN for the 
work that he has done on this. 
I understand that I had an amend-
ment earlier today. There had been on-going discussions about that amend-ment. 
Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous con-
sent to withdraw my request for a re-corded vote on my amendment to the end that the amendment stands dis-posed of by the voice vote thereon. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
designate the amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-
tion, the request for a recorded vote is withdrawn. Accordingly, the noes have it and the amendment is not adopted. 
There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
read. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  
SEC. 9016. In addition to amounts otherwise 
made available in this Act, $500,000,000 is hereby appropriated to the Department of Defense and made available for transfer only to the operations and maintenance, military personnel, and procurement accounts, to im-prove the intelligence, surveillance, and re-connaissance capabilities of the Department of Defense: Provided , That the transfer au-
thority provided in this section is in addition to any other transfer authority provided elsewhere in this Act: Provided further , That 
not later than 30 days prior to exercising the transfer authority provided in this section, the Secretary of Defense shall submit a re-port to the congressional defense commit-tees on the proposed uses of these funds: Pro-
vided further , That the funds provided in this 
section may not be transferred to any pro-gram, project, or activity specifically lim-ited or denied by this Act: Provided further , 
That amounts made available by this section are designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Ter-rorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985: Provided further , That 
the authority to provide assistance under this section shall terminate on September 30, 2016. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  
SEC. 9017. In addition to amounts appro-
priated in title II or otherwise made avail-able in this Act, $2,500,000,000 is hereby ap-propriated to the Department of Defense and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:30 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00098 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JN7.086 H10JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4105 June 10, 2015 
made available for transfer to the operation 
and maintenance accounts of the Army, Navy, Marine Corps, and Air Force (includ-ing National Guard and Reserve) for pur-poses of improving military readiness: Pro-
vided further , That the transfer authority 
provided under this provision is in addition to any other transfer authority provided elsewhere in this Act. 
S
EC. 9018. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used with respect to Syria in contravention of the War Powers Resolution (50 U.S.C. 1541 et seq.), including for the introduction of United States armed or military forces into hostilities in Syria, into situations in Syria where imminent in-volvement in hostilities is clearly indicated by the circumstances, or into Syrian terri-tory, airspace, or waters while equipped for combat, in contravention of the congres-sional consultation and reporting require-ments of sections 3 and 4 of that law (50 U.S.C. 1542 and 1543). 
TITLE X—ADDITIONAL GENERAL 
PROVISIONS 
S
EC. 10001. (a) Congress finds that— 
(1) the United States has been engaged in 
military operations against the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) for more than 8 months; 
(2) President Obama submitted an author-
ization for the use of military force against ISIL in February 2015; and 
(3) under article 1, section 8 of the Con-
stitution, Congress has the authority to ‘‘de-clare war’’. 
(b) Therefore, Congress has a constitu-
tional duty to debate and determine whether or not to authorize the use of military force against ISIL. 
SPENDING REDUCTION ACCOUNT  
SEC. 10002. The amount by which the appli-
cable allocation of new budget authority made by the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives under section 302(b) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 exceeds the amount of proposed new budget authority is $0. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair-
man, I move that the Committee do now rise. 
The motion was agreed to. Accordingly, the Committee rose; 
and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. W
OMACK ) having assumed the chair, 
Mr. C ARTER of Georgia, Acting Chair of 
the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under con-sideration the bill (H.R. 2685) making appropriations for the Department of Defense for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes, had come to no resolution thereon. 
f 
COUNTRY OF ORIGIN LABELING 
AMENDMENTS ACT OF 2015 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, the unfin-ished business is the vote on passage of the bill (H.R. 2393) to amend the Agri-cultural Marketing Act of 1946 to re-peal country of origin labeling require-ments with respect to beef, pork, and chicken, and for other purposes, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the passage of the bill. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 300, nays 131, not voting 2, as follows: [Roll No. 333] 
YEAS—300 
Abraham 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bera Bilirakis 
Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Doggett Dold Donovan Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Eshoo Farenthold Farr Fattah Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Foster Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Garrett Gibbs 
Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna 
Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Larsen (WA) Latta LoBiondo Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mullin Mulvaney 
Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Pearce Perlmutter Perry 
Peters Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Pompeo Price, Tom Quigley Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Sessions Sewell (AL) Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Torres Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland 
Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack 
Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Young (IN) 
Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—131 
Bass 
Beatty Becerra Beyer Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brownley (CA) Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Cartwright Castor (FL) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cohen Connolly Conyers Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Engel Esty Fortenberry Frankel (FL) Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Grayson Green, Al 
Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Honda Hoyer Johnson (GA) Jones Kaptur Kennedy Kildee Kuster Langevin Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Massie McCollum McDermott McGovern Meng Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Noem 
Nolan Norcross Pallone Payne Pelosi Peterson Pingree Pocan Poliquin Polis Posey Price (NC) Rangel Rice (NY) Rohrabacher Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Serrano Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Takai Takano Titus Tonko Tsongas Van Hollen Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth Young (AK) 
NOT VOTING—2 
Gowdy Keating 
b2205 
Ms. CHU, Messrs. MOONEY of West 
Virginia, SHERMAN, LEWIS, LARSON of Connecticut, Ms. BROWNLEY of California, Ms. BONAMICI, and Mr. GRAYSON changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ 
Mr. CLEAVER, Ms. FUDGE, Messrs. 
RICHMOND, SIMPSON, Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. HURT of Virginia, Ms. BROWN of Flor-ida, and Ms. JACKSON LEE changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ 
So the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE 
APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2016 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
CARTER of Georgia). Pursuant to House 
Resolution 303 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Com-mittee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consider-ation of the bill, H.R. 2685. 
Will the gentleman from Georgia 
(Mr. C
OLLINS ) kindly take the chair. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:30 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00099 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JN7.088 H10JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4106 June 10, 2015 
b2207 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved 
itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill (H.R. 2685) making appropriations for the De-partment of Defense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes, with Mr. C
OLLINS of 
Georgia (Acting Chair) in the chair. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The Acting CHAIR. When the Com-
mittee of the Whole rose earlier today, a request for a recorded vote on an amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. P
OE) had been post-
poned, and the bill had been read through page 162, line 25. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, proceedings will now resume on those amendments on which further proceedings were post-poned, in the following order: 
Amendment by Mr. L
OWENTHAL of 
California. 
Amendment No. 4 by Mr. H UFFMAN of 
California. 
Amendment by Mr. V ISCLOSKY of In-
diana. 
Amendment by Mr. N ADLER of New 
York. 
Amendment by Mr. N ADLER of New 
York. 
Amendment by Mr. F ORBES of Vir-
ginia. 
Amendment by Mr. P OEof Texas. 
Amendment by Mr. W ALBERG of 
Michigan. 
Amendment by Mr. N OLAN of Min-
nesota. 
Amendment by Mr. C LAWSON of Flor-
ida. 
Amendment by Mr. P OEof Texas. 
The Chair will reduce to 2 minutes 
the time for any electronic vote in this series. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . LOWENTHAL  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. L
OWENTHAL ) on which further pro-
ceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 195, noes 237, not voting 1, as follows: 
[Roll No. 334] 
AYES—195 
Adams 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek 
Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield 
Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney 
Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Comstock Connolly Conyers Courtney Cramer Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Dent DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Dold Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn 
Hanna Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins 
Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Hurt (VA) Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McKinley Meeks Meng Miller (MI) Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Pallone Pascrell 
Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reichert Rice (NY) Richmond Roby Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) 
Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOES—237 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) 
Collins (NY) Conaway Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Doggett Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Ellmers (NC) Farenthold Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte 
Gosar Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Himes Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Kelly (MS) 
Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McMorris 
Rodgers 
McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Norcross 
Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster 
Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton 
Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—1 
Gowdy 
b2211 
So the amendment was rejected. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4 OFFERED BY MR . HUFFMAN  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. H
UFFMAN ) on which further pro-
ceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 252, noes 179, not voting 2, as follows: 
[Roll No. 335] 
AYES—252 
Adams 
Aguilar Amash Ashford Babin Bass Becerra Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Black Blackburn Blum 
Blumenauer Bonamici Brat Bridenstine Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Burgess Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney 
Carson (IN) Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Connolly 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:30 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00100 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JN7.187 H10JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4107 June 10, 2015 
Conyers 
Cooper Courtney Cramer Crowley 
Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Dingell Doggett Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fleming Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibson Gohmert Gosar Graham Grijalva Guinta Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Harris Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Higgins Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Huelskamp Huffman Hurd (TX) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, Sam Jolly 
Jones Jordan Kaptur Katko 
Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Knight Kuster Labrador LaMalfa Langevin Larsen (WA) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Marchant Massie Matsui McCarthy McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney McSally Meeks Meng Messer Miller (FL) Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Noem Nolan O’Rourke Olson Pallone Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pittenger Pocan Polis 
Pompeo Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe 
Ribble Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rohrabacher Rokita Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Rush Ryan (WI) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sherman Sinema Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stewart Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Wagner Walden Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Welch Wilson (FL) Wittman Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (IN) 
NOES—179 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amodei Barletta Barr Barton Beatty Benishek Bishop (UT) Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Bucshon Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Chabot 
Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Costello (PA) Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Dent Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Emmer (MN) Fattah Fincher 
Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gibbs Goodlatte Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guthrie Hardy Harper Hartzler Hice, Jody B. Hill Hudson Huizenga (MI) 
Hultgren Hunter Hurt (VA) Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Joyce Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kline Lamborn Lance Larson (CT) Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marino McCaul McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
Meadows Meehan Mica Miller (MI) Moolenaar 
Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Newhouse Norcross Nugent Nunes Palazzo Palmer Pearce Perry Peterson Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Reed Reichert Renacci Rigell Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (OH) Scalise Scott, Austin Sessions Sewell (AL) Shimkus 
Shuster Simpson 
Sires Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Stefanik Stivers Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Visclosky Walberg Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Womack Woodall Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—2 
Gowdy Rice (NY) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). 
There is 1 minute remaining. 
b2216 
Mr. M CCARTHY changed his vote 
from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ 
So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . VISCLOSKY  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. V
IS-
CLOSKY ) on which further proceedings 
were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 174, noes 257, not voting 2, as follows: 
[Roll No. 336] 
AYES—174 
Adams 
Amash Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Bustos Butterfield Capps 
Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly 
Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell 
Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Duncan (TN) 
Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Grayson Green, Al Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind 
Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) 
Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis 
Price (NC) Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond 
Roybal-Allard Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOES—257 
Abraham Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis 
DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa 
Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lipinski LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:30 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00101 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JN7.091 H10JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4108 June 10, 2015 
Mooney (WV) 
Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita 
Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanchez, Loretta Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry 
Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vela Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—2 
Gowdy Quigley 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). 
There is 1 minute remaining. 
b2219 
So the amendment was rejected. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . NADLER  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. N
AD-
LER) on which further proceedings were 
postponed and on which the noes pre-vailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 173, noes 259, not voting 1, as follows: 
[Roll No. 337] 
AYES—173 
Adams 
Amash Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright 
Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette 
Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard 
Gallego Garamendi Gibson Grayson 
Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey 
Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond 
Roybal-Allard Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Serrano Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOES—259 
Abraham Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy 
Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jackson Lee Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan 
Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lipinski LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry 
Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell 
Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanchez, Loretta Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Sessions Sewell (AL) Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton 
Valadao Vela Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Waters, Maxine Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams 
Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—1 
Gowdy 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). 
There is 1 minute remaining. 
b2222 
So the amendment was rejected. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . NADLER  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. N
AD-
LER) on which further proceedings were 
postponed and on which the noes pre-vailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 181, noes 251, not voting 1, as follows: 
[Roll No. 338] 
AYES—181 
Adams 
Amash Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline 
Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch 
Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Grayson Green, Al Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:30 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00102 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JN7.092 H10JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4109 June 10, 2015 
Hinojosa 
Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel 
Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn Massie 
Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern 
McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes 
Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOES—251 
Abraham 
Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) 
Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) 
Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Norcross Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe 
Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Scalise 
Schweikert Scott, Austin Sessions Sewell (AL) Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vela 
Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—1 
Gowdy 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). 
There is 1 minute remaining. 
b2225 
So the amendment was rejected. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . FORBES  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. F
ORBES ) 
on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes pre-vailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 321, noes 111, not voting 1, as follows: 
[Roll No. 339] 
AYES—321 
Adams 
Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Beatty Benishek Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Bost Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Bustos 
Butterfield Byrne Capps Capuano Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Cartwright Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford 
Crowley Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Dingell Dold Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Edwards Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fincher 
Fitzpatrick Fleming Flores Forbes 
Fortenberry Foster Foxx Franks (AZ) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Graham Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Harper Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jackson Lee Jenkins (KS) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Katko Keating Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer King (IA) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Kuster LaMalfa Lamborn Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Levin Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Long Love 
Lowenthal Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lummis Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meehan Messer Mica Miller (MI) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent O’Rourke Olson Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rohrabacher Rokita Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross 
Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Russell Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Sessions Shuster Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Turner Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Woodall Yarmuth Young (AK) Young (IN) 
Zeldin Zinke 
NOES—111 
Abraham Aderholt Amash Bass Becerra Bilirakis Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Boustany Brown (FL) Buck Burgess Calvert Ca´rdenas 
Carter (TX) Castor (FL) Clark (MA) 
Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Collins (GA) Conyers Crenshaw Cuellar Davis, Danny DeFazio Dent DeSantis Diaz-Balart Doggett Donovan Duncan (TN) Ellison Engel Fleischmann 
Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Granger Graves (GA) Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Hanna Hardy Harris Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Huelskamp Israel Jeffries 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:30 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00103 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JN7.094 H10JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4110 June 10, 2015 
Jenkins (WV) 
Johnson, E. B. Jolly Joyce Kaptur Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kind King (NY) Kirkpatrick Labrador Lance Lee Lewis LoBiondo Loudermilk Lowey MacArthur McDermott McNerney Meadows 
Meeks Meng Miller (FL) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mulvaney Nadler Nunes Palazzo Polis Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rigell Roby Rogers (KY) Rooney (FL) Ruppersberger Rush Schrader 
Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Simpson Smith (NE) Trott Upton Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Womack Yoder Yoho Young (IA) 
NOT VOTING—1 
Gowdy 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). 
There is 1 minute remaining. 
b2230 
Mr. PRICE of North Carolina 
changed his vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ 
Mr. LOEBSACK, Ms. JACKSON LEE, 
Messrs. PAYNE and BUCSHON changed their vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ 
So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . POE OF TEXAS  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. P
OE) on 
which further proceedings were post-poned and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 117, noes 315, not voting 1, as follows: 
[Roll No. 340] 
AYES—117 
Allen 
Amash Babin Barton Bishop (MI) Blum Blumenauer Bost Brat Buchanan Buck Burgess Carter (GA) Clawson (FL) Clay Cohen Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Davis, Rodney DeFazio Denham DesJarlais Doggett Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Fincher Gabbard Garrett 
Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Grayson Green, Gene Griffith Hardy Harris Heck (NV) Herrera Beutler Higgins Holding Honda Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hurt (VA) Issa Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Katko Keating Labrador LaMalfa Lofgren 
Loudermilk Luetkemeyer Lummis Marchant Massie McCaul McClintock McMorris 
Rodgers 
Messer Mica Mooney (WV) Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Nolan Olson Pallone Palmer Perry Pingree Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed 
Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Roe (TN) 
Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ross Rouzer Ruiz Salmon Sanford 
Schrader Schweikert Sensenbrenner Sessions 
Sherman Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Stutzman Thompson (PA) Tonko 
Trott Upton Walden Weber (TX) Welch Westmoreland Woodall Yarmuth Yoho 
NOES—315 
Abraham 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Amodei Ashford Barletta Barr Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Bonamici Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bucshon Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cole Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gallego Garamendi Gibbs Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Harper Hartzler Hastings Heck (WA) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Himes Hinojosa Hoyer Huffman Hunter Hurd (TX) Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Joyce Kaptur Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence 
Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Long Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Marino Matsui McCarthy McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Noem Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Palazzo Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pittenger Pitts Pocan Polis Pompeo Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reichert Rice (NY) Richmond Rigell Roby Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Rothfus Roybal-Allard Royce Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Swalwell (CA) 
Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Torres Tsongas Turner Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi 
Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Yoder Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—1 
Gowdy 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). 
There is 1 minute remaining. 
b2233 
Mr. COFFMAN changed his vote from 
‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ 
So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . WALBERG  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. W
ALBERG ) on which further pro-
ceedings were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 233, noes 199, not voting 1, as follows: 
[Roll No. 341] 
AYES—233 
Abraham 
Adams Allen Amash Babin Barletta Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Buck Burgess Byrne Capps Capuano Carney 
Carter (GA) Cartwright Castor (FL) Chabot Chaffetz Cicilline Clark (MA) Clay Coffman Cohen Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Conaway Cooper Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crowley Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeLauro DelBene DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Esty Farenthold Fattah Fincher Flores Forbes Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibson Goodlatte Gosar Graves (LA) Grayson Green, Gene Griffith 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:30 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00104 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JN7.095 H10JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4111 June 10, 2015 
Grothman 
Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez 
Hanna 
Harris Hartzler Hastings Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins Himes Holding Honda Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Keating Kennedy Kind Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaMalfa Langevin Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Lieu, Ted Lipinski Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Luetkemeyer Lummis Maloney, Sean Marchant 
Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock 
McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
Meadows Messer Mica Miller (MI) Mooney (WV) Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Nolan O’Rourke Olson Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Perry Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Ribble Richmond Roe (TN) Rohrabacher Rokita 
Ros-Lehtinen Ross Rothfus Royce 
Ryan (OH) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanford Scalise Schakowsky Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Speier Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Tipton Tonko Trott Tsongas Upton Van Hollen Walberg Walden Walker Walters, Mimi Walz Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wilson (FL) Wittman Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Zeldin 
NOES—199 
Aderholt Aguilar Amodei Ashford Barr Barton Bass Beatty Bishop (UT) Black Bost Brady (TX) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Bustos Butterfield Calvert Ca´rdenas 
Carson (IN) Carter (TX) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Cleaver Clyburn Cole Comstock Connolly Conyers Cook Costa Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeGette Delaney Denham Dent Deutch Diaz-Balart 
Dold Donovan Duckworth Edwards Ellison Eshoo Farr Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Fortenberry Frelinghuysen Fudge Gibbs Gohmert Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Grijalva Hahn Hardy Harper Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Herrera Beutler Hill Hinojosa Hoyer Hunter Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Joyce Kaptur Katko Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kildee Kilmer King (IA) King (NY) 
Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Lamborn Lance Larsen (WA) Levin Lewis LoBiondo Loebsack Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Marino Matsui McCollum McNerney McSally Meehan Meeks Meng Miller (FL) Moolenaar Moore Moulton Mullin Nadler Napolitano Noem Norcross Nugent Nunes Palazzo Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Poliquin Quigley Rangel Reichert 
Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rooney (FL) Roskam Rouzer Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (WI) Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schiff Scott (VA) Serrano Sessions 
Sewell (AL) Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Stefanik Stewart Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thornberry Tiberi Titus Torres Turner Valadao Vargas Veasey 
Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Wagner Walorski Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Womack Young (AK) Young (IA) 
Young (IN) Zinke 
NOT VOTING—1 
Gowdy 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). 
There is 1 minute remaining. 
b2237 
Mr. RICE of South Carolina changed 
his vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ 
So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . NOLAN  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. N
OLAN ) on which further proceedings 
were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 56, noes 375, not voting 2, as follows: 
[Roll No. 342] 
AYES—56 
Amash 
Blum Blumenauer Burgess Capuano Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) DeFazio Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duncan (TN) Edwards Gohmert Grayson Grijalva Hahn Hastings Honda 
Huffman Jackson Lee Jones Jordan Keating Kennedy Kuster Lawrence Lee Lewis Lofgren Lowenthal Massie McDermott McGovern Moulton Mulvaney Neal Nolan 
O’Rourke Pallone Perry Pingree Pocan Polis Posey Rohrabacher Sanford Schrader Slaughter Speier Takano Titus Tonko Tsongas Watson Coleman Welch 
NOES—375 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton 
Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) 
Black Blackburn Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat 
Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) 
Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Goodlatte 
Gosar Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez 
Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Joyce Kaptur Katko Kelly (IL) 
Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Levin Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Long Loudermilk Love Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McHenry McKinley 
McMorris 
Rodgers 
McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Norcross Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble 
Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:30 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00105 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JN7.097 H10JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4112 June 10, 2015 
Smith (NJ) 
Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Torres Trott Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen 
Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman 
Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—2 
Gowdy Tiberi 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). 
There is 1 minute remaining. 
b2239 
So the amendment was rejected. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . CLAWSON OF  
FLORIDA  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. C
LAWSON ) 
on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes pre-vailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 107, noes 323, not voting 3, as follows: 
[Roll No. 343] 
AYES—107 
Amash 
Blum Blumenauer Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Burgess Capuano Carter (GA) Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cohen Conyers DeFazio Dent DesJarlais Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Fincher Fleming Fortenberry Frankel (FL) Gabbard Garrett Gibson Gohmert Gosar Grayson 
Grijalva Hahn Heck (NV) Hice, Jody B. Himes Honda Huelskamp Huffman Hurt (VA) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Katko Keating Kennedy Labrador Lieu, Ted Lofgren Loudermilk Lowenthal Lummis Lynch Massie McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern Meadows Miller (FL) Moulton Mulvaney Neal Neugebauer 
Nolan O’Rourke Pallone Palmer Paulsen Payne Perry Pingree Pocan Poe (TX) Polis Posey Price, Tom Rangel Ribble Rohrabacher Rooney (FL) Rothfus Salmon Sanford Schrader Scott, Austin Slaughter Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (PA) Tipton Titus Tonko Tsongas Van Hollen Watson Coleman Welch 
Westmoreland Williams 
Woodall Yarmuth 
Yoho 
NOES—323 
Abraham 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Bonamici Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham DeSantis DeSaulnier Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Dold Donovan Duffy Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold 
Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Forbes Foster Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gallego Garamendi Gibbs Goodlatte Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez 
Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Higgins Hill Hinojosa Holding Hoyer Hudson Huizenga (MI) Hunter Hurd (TX) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Joyce Kaptur Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster LaMalfa 
Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Long Love Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Matsui McCarthy McCaul McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McNerney McSally Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Newhouse Noem Norcross Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Pascrell Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poliquin Pompeo Price (NC) Quigley Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) 
Smith (WA) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Takai Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thornberry Tiberi Torres Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vargas 
Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Weber (TX) Webster (FL) 
Wenstrup Westerman Whitfield Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Yoder Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—3 
Bost Gowdy Hultgren 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). 
There is 1 minute remaining. 
b2242 
So the amendment was rejected. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . POE OF TEXAS  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. P
OE) on 
which further proceedings were post-poned and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 114, noes 318, not voting 1, as follows: 
[Roll No. 344] 
AYES—114 
Amash 
Babin Barletta Barton Bilirakis Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bost Brat Brooks (AL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Burgess Carter (GA) Clawson (FL) Coffman Cohen Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Davis, Rodney Denham DesJarlais Doggett Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Engel Farenthold Fincher Flores Foxx Franks (AZ) Gabbard Garrett Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte 
Gosar Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Gene Griffith Hahn Harris Heck (NV) Herrera Beutler Higgins Honda Hudson Huelskamp Hultgren Hurt (VA) Issa Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Katko Labrador LaMalfa Long Loudermilk Luetkemeyer Lummis Marchant Massie McCaul McClintock McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
Messer Mica Miller (FL) Mooney (WV) Mulvaney Neugebauer 
Newhouse Nolan Olson Pallone Palmer Pearce Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Roe (TN) Rohrabacher Rokita Ross Rouzer Salmon Sanford Schrader Schweikert Sensenbrenner Shimkus Slaughter Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Stutzman Thompson (PA) Weber (TX) Welch 
Westmoreland Williams Woodall Yoho 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:30 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00106 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JN7.098 H10JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4113 June 10, 2015 
NOES—318 
Abraham 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford 
Barr Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Bonamici Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Bridenstine Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Bucshon Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cole Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Forbes Fortenberry Foster 
Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gallego Garamendi Gibbs 
Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Green, Al Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez 
Hanna Hardy Harper Hartzler Hastings Heck (WA) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Hoyer Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hunter Hurd (TX) Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Joyce Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Marino Matsui McCarthy McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan 
Meeks Meng Miller (MI) Moolenaar Moore Moulton 
Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Noem Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Palazzo Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Polis Pompeo Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reed Reichert Rice (NY) Richmond Rigell Roby Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Rothfus Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas 
Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz 
Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Whitfield Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman 
Womack Yarmuth Yoder Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—1 
Gowdy 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). 
There is 1 minute remaining. 
b2245 
So the amendment was rejected. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 5 OFFERED BY MR . MACARTHUR  
Mr. MacARTHUR. Mr. Chairman, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR (Mr. M OONEY of 
West Virginia). The Clerk will des-ignate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used to divest or retire, or to prepare to divest or retire, KC–10 air-craft. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 303, the gentleman from New Jersey and a Member op-posed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from New Jersey. 
Mr. MacARTHUR. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
I have an amendment regarding the 
KC–10 air-to-air refueling tanker. 
Air superiority is critical if we are 
going to protect our men and women on the ground and our interests, and that requires that we have fighters in the air. It is of vital importance. It is why the Air Mobility Command is so important. It may not be as exciting as fighters and close air support, but it is every bit as essential. The KC–10 air- to-air refueler is the larger, newer of the tankers, and the KC–135 is the smaller, older version. 
This is the problem. The KC–46 is a 
new tanker that the Air Force is intro-ducing. It has had development prob-lems, and it is not ready for prime time. General Welch of the Air Force confirmed that the new tanker was not intended to replace the KC–10 but that it is at risk of being replaced due to budget cuts, and he has confirmed that it would cost more in the midterm to replace the KC–10. 
Just to put the difference in capabili-
ties in perspective, the KC–10 can carry 350,000 pounds of fuel. The other tank-er—the older KC–135—and the new KC– 46 can only carry 200,000. It is 200,000 versus 350,000. The KC–10 carries double the payload, and it carries more pas-sengers. The long and the short is that this tanker is essential for our ability to project force, and in this world of in-creased global threats, we cannot af-ford to deteriorate our capabilities. The answer, I believe, is to prohibit 
the early retirement of the KC–10 tank-er. We did that in the National Defense Authorization Act. There is no provi-sion in the budget to replace the KC–10. I am simply looking to close the loop tonight and prohibit in the Defense Ap-propriations bill any funding for the early retirement of the KC–10. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Will the gen-
tleman yield? 
Mr. MacARTHUR. I yield to the gen-
tleman from New Jersey. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Let me con-
gratulate the gentleman from New Jer-sey, my colleague, for his advocacy on behalf of the KC–10. 
Mr. Chairman, none of the good work 
we have done in the Middle East could have been done without the remarkable history of the men and women who work on those KC–10s and these tank-ers, allowing so many flights to go without any problems, any issues. That is a remarkable plane. I support the gentleman’s amendment, and I con-gratulate him for introducing it. 
Mr. NORCROSS. Will the gentleman 
yield? 
Mr. MacARTHUR. I yield to the gen-
tleman from New Jersey. 
Mr. NORCROSS. Mr. Chairman and 
my colleagues from New Jersey, I stand in support of this amendment, and I appreciate the fact that Con-gressman M
ACARTHUR has kept in the 
forefront how important this is, not just for New Jersey but for our Nation as a whole. 
We are strategically located in that 
one area that makes it extremely effi-cient to refuel. More importantly, we have two ways of getting the fuel to those planes, which is so strategically important. It is over land and it is un-derground. That has been why McGuire-Fort Dix has been the place for this command to be joined together for years and years. I think this is not only strategically smart for our coun-try, but this is an efficient way of spending the taxpayers’ money to make sure that we get the best bang for the buck. 
Mr. MacARTHUR. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from New Jersey (Mr. M
AC-
ARTHUR ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . SCHIFF  
Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Chairman, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used after March 31, 2016, for Operation Inherent Resolve in the ab-sence of a law enacted by Congress before such date that specifically authorizes the use of military force against the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 303, the gentleman 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:30 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00107 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JN7.100 H10JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4114 June 10, 2015 
from California and a Member opposed 
each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from California. 
Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Chairman, 10 
months ago, we entered into the war against ISIS. During the course of that war, we have put our pilots and other servicemembers at considerable risk, and we have suffered casualties. We have expended hundreds of millions, if not billions, of dollars, and, as yet, there is no end in sight to this conflict. 
In the beginning of the conflict and 
our participation in it, the administra-tion took the position that it didn’t need an authorization from Congress although it desired one. The adminis-tration relied on the authorities that were passed in 2001 and 2002. The au-thority in 2001, passed in the hours after 9/11, authorized the use of force against those responsible for 9/11. That is al Qaeda. He also relied on the au-thorization passed in 2002, which au-thorized the use of force against Iraq. In fact, neither of those authorities is on point. The use of force that we are employing now against ISIL is being used against an organization that didn’t exist on 9/11 and, in fact, is often at war with the organization that was responsible for 9/11. That is al Qaeda. 
Nonetheless, the administration has 
asserted that it can rely on these au-thorities, and it asked Congress to pass a new authorization because it felt that was the preferential course. At the time and before the midterm elec-tions, the leadership in the House of Representatives took the position that a lame duck Congress should not be voting on a new war and that a vote must wait until after the elections. So the Congress abdicated its constitu-tional responsibility to have a debate and a war declaration, and, instead, we awaited the elections. 
The elections came and the elections 
went, and those of us who raised the cry that it was time for Congress to do its job were met with a new response: we couldn’t vote on an authorization now because the administration had not sent us one, even though there is nothing in the Constitution that pro-vides that Congress shall declare war only when asked by the Executive or only when asked politely by the Execu-tive. Nonetheless, we sat, once again, derelict until the administration sent us a draft authorization. 
b2300 
Then there was a new explanation for 
inaction. We couldn’t act on this new authorization because we didn’t like the terms of it. This was irrespective of the fact that the Congress has all the power it needs to change that draft or operate under a completely new draft authorization, and still we did nothing. 
Then the explanation was given we 
couldn’t act on a war authorization be-cause we had to have a vote on the ne-gotiations with Iran, even though those negotiations were not yet com-plete. So we had a vote on the negotia-tions with Iran, in fact, a vote to later 
have a vote. 
Now we are here once again with a 
series of shifting rationales for why we don’t have a debate on this war ongo-ing now for 10 months. This must come to an end. The amendment that I have offered this evening would provide that no funds shall be expended for the war against ISIS after a certain date in March of next year unless Congress au-thorizes a war against ISIS. If this is worth fighting—and I believe it is; I be-lieve this ought to be authorized—it is worth having Congress do its job. If we are going to ask our servicemembers to risk their lives, we ought to have the courage ourselves to make a vote on this war. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair-
man, I rise in opposition to the amend-ment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from New Jersey is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair-
man, currently, U.S. forces are con-ducting multiple airstrikes against ISIL in Iraq and Syria. Without this authority, these campaigns would stop immediately. 
Should this Authorization for Use of 
Military Force be replaced? Perhaps it should. On May 19, Speaker B
OEHNER  
urged President Obama to start from scratch on a measure to legally author-ize the Islamic State conflict, declar-ing, ‘‘We don’t have a strategy.’’ I agree with the Speaker, we have no strategy with regard to ISIL. 
Recently, President Obama stated he 
still does not have a complete strategy for defeating the Islamic State. A sad commentary—shifting rationale, shift-ing strategy, no strategy. At a time when sectarian tensions are at their highest levels since the end of Oper-ation Iraqi Freedom in December of 2001, the terrorists have once again succeeded in capturing control of major cities in Iraq, killing innocent citizens, causing thousands of families to flee. 
What kind of message are we sending 
with this amendment to both the Iraqi people, to our soldiers and marines who have valiantly served and sacrificed, and even now the President suggesting 
sending another 400 advisers to advise and to train and equip Iraqis to recap-ture Ramadi? 
This amendment is not about sub-
stance; it is about symbolism. Unfortu-nately, its effect would be much more than symbolism. Acceptance of this amendment would rob our Nation of one of the key authorities our Com-mander-in-Chief relies on to keep us safe. I strongly urge rejection of the amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SCHIFF. May I inquire how 
much time I have remaining? 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from California has 1
1⁄2minutes re-
maining. 
Mr. SCHIFF. I yield 30 seconds to the 
gentleman from Indiana (Mr. V IS-
CLOSKY ), my colleague. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chairman, if I 
could make a comment. As the chair-man indicated, this is a very com-plicated situation. Because lives are at stake, it is all the more reason, I think, to support the gentleman’s amendment to force this body, if you would, to very carefully define what our purpose is, what our policy is, and how we should go about its implemen-tation. I do support the gentleman’s amendment and thank him for yielding time. 
Mr. SCHIFF. I thank the gentleman 
and would like to respond to my col-league’s points. 
First of all, the effect of this is not to 
end funding immediately. The effect of this would end funding in 9 months if we fail to take up and pass an author-ization. Certainly, 10 months into the war and 9 months from now ought to be ample time for the Congress to do its constitutional duty. 
Second, my colleague makes the 
point that he doesn’t agree with the President’s strategy. We may take issue with the President’s strategy, and we all have our opinions about how this war ought to be waged, but one thing is clear: it is not going to impact the strategy if Congress does its job or not. That impacts our institution; that doesn’t impact the Presidency. It is our institutional interest in having a voice in the war-making authority that is at stake here. 
Finally, the gentleman asked: What 
kind of a message are we sending with an amendment like this? I would say the message we are sending is that we value our Constitution; we respect the requirements of our Constitution. Our Constitution says that Congress—not the Executive, but Congress—shall have the power to declare war. 
My colleague says this is merely a 
symbolic act. I suppose that is true if you think that the constitutional clause that gives the Congress the power to declare war is only symbolic, but I think it is far more than sym-bolic and key to the balance of power. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from California (Mr. S
CHIFF ). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Chairman, I de-
mand a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . WALBERG  
Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Chairman, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
SEC. 10003. None of the funds made avail-
able by this Act may be used to promulgate Directive 293, issued December 16, 2010, by 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:30 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00108 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JN7.212 H10JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4115 June 10, 2015 
the Office of Federal Contract Compliance 
Programs. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 303, the gentleman from Michigan and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Michigan. 
Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
in support of my amendment that would reiterate Congress’ objection to a proposed policy change by the De-partment of Labor’s Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs, OFCCP, that would treat healthcare providers as Federal contractors. 
In December of 2010, OFCCP quietly 
issued directive 293, asserting that con-tractual arrangements under Medicare, TRICARE, and the Federal Employees Health Benefits Program will trigger OFCCP jurisdiction. This is absurd. This directive would reclassify a ma-jority of hospitals in the United States as Federal contractors, subjecting hos-pitals in your district and mine to OFCCP’s often crushing regulatory burden. 
With respect to TRICARE, the agen-
cy aggressively asserted its jurisdic-tion in a 2009 administrative case, OFCCP v. Florida Hospital of Orlando. OFCCP argued the hospital was a Fed-eral subcontractor by virtue of its par-ticipation as a provider of a TRICARE network of providers. The agency took this troubling position despite the fact that the Department of Defense, which regulates TRICARE, previously con-cluded, Mr. Chairman: ‘‘It would be im-possible to achieve the TRICARE mis-sion of providing affordable health care for our Nation’s Active Duty and re-tired military members and their fami-lies if onerous Federal contracting rules were applied to the more than 500,000 TRICARE providers in the United States.’’ 
Unfortunately, the administrative 
law judge in the case did not heed DOD’s warning and failed to see this policy change for what it is—an expan-sion of government power over the healthcare sector. As such, Congress acted to oppose this outreach, and in 2012 the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act clarified that a TRICARE net-work healthcare provider is not—is not—a Federal contractor or subcon-tractor. 
As chairman of the Subcommittee on 
Workforce Protections, I am deeply concerned by this attempt by OFCCP to expand its jurisdiction through exec-utive fiat. In response, I introduced the Protecting Health Care Providers from Increased Administrative Burdens Act in the 113th Congress, which clarified that healthcare providers are not Fed-eral contractors subject to the jurisdic-tion of the Department of Labor’s OFCCP. 
Our actions on the committee in 
bringing attention to this issue have been successful in prompting OFCCP to place a moratorium on the policy. However, as OFCCP has previously de-fied Congress and the Department of Defense, I believe this amendment is 
necessary. Therefore, I ask the House support my amendment that would prohibit funds to be used under this act for implementing this overreaching policy and affirmatively show the House will not support such actions by the Department of Labor and OFCCP. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Michigan (Mr. W
ALBERG ). 
The amendment was agreed to. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chair, I move 
to strike the last word. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Indiana is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
Mr. VISCLOSKY. I yield to the gen-
tlewoman from Michigan for a col-loquy. 
Mrs. LAWRENCE. I thank the rank-
ing member for yielding. 
As you know, TRICARE provides cov-
erage to over 9.5 million people world-wide, including Active Duty, activated Guard and Reserve members, retiree survivors, and their families. To ensure coverage, they must choose between independently practicing TRICARE certified medical health counselors and/or supervised mental health coun-selors. 
I entered my amendment and with-
drew it, but it is important that we get this on the R
ECORD . 
The independent providers must have 
a master’s degree from a mental health counseling program accredited by the Council for Accreditation of Coun-seling and Related Educational Pro-grams, which we call CACREP. They must also pass the National Clinical Mental Health Counseling Exam by January 1, 2017. 
But this rule unfortunately has unin-
tended consequences that require coun-selors to complete their education at an institution that only has been ac-credited by CACREP. This freezes out some of our most respected institu-tions, including Harvard, Columbia, and, in my home State of Michigan, the University of Michigan and Michi-gan State University. 
I am extremely concerned about and 
would ask for the committee’s support in addressing this issue. With more time, we can get this right, ensure our military members have as much access to care as possible. 
Mr. VISCLOSKY. I would like to 
thank the gentlewoman from Michigan for bringing this issue to the commit-tee’s attention. I look forward to work-ing with her on it to address the unin-tended consequences of the existing DOD rule. 
I yield back the balance of my time. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MR . HUIZENGA  
OF MICHIGAN  
Mr. HUIZENGA of Michigan. Mr. 
Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
SEC. 10003. None of the funds made avail-
able by this Act may be used by the Defense Logistics Agency to implement the Small Business Administration interim final rule titled ‘‘Small Business Size Standards; Adop-tion of 2012 North American Industry Classi-fication System’’ (published August 20, 2012, in the Federal Register) with respect to the procurement of footwear. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 303, the gentleman from Michigan and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Michigan. 
Mr. HUIZENGA of Michigan. Mr. 
Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
I rise today to offer this amendment 
that will ensure a fair and open bidding process to supply our men and women on the front lines with one of the most 
indispensable pieces of equipment that they use every day—their boots. 
My amendment would prohibit the 
use of funds by the Defense Logistics Agency to implement the 2012 Small Business Administration’s rule in re-gard to footwear preventing the De-fense Logistics Agency from bidding the contract as a small business set- aside. 
When SBA released this rule, there 
was significant concern that they did not go through the normal rulemaking and public comment process, and more specifically did not perform due dili-gence on how the changes would actu-ally affect the footwear industry and military supply base, which the SBA has acknowledged. 
This rule dramatically changed the 
competitive landscape amongst compa-nies supplying very compliant footwear to the U.S. military. There are very few of these manufacturers here in the United States, and even fewer that manufacture Berry Compliant foot-wear. This amendment would ensure that all businesses capable of supplying high-quality footwear to our warfighters are able to compete for that contract. 
b2315 
I might add, Mr. Chairman, that last 
year, we had been able to get language inserted in that would call for a study. I just wanted to have a quick quote from that on the impact of jobs. This is from the report that was issued: 
Although the overall impact on the indus-
trial base is low, the abrupt and drastic change in the small business size standards is likely to have an impact. The DOD foot-wear industry is highly capable, but also very dependent on DOD orders. It’s impor-tant to consider both the short-term and long-term health of the industrial base. 
The industry is also a critical element to 
the Nation’s national security because of the enduring need to meet wartime footwear re-quirements. 
The emphasis here is mine. Given the 
industry’s sensitive and critical posi-tion, such abrupt and drastic policy changes that impact the competitive landscape should be executed with greater moderation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:30 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00109 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JN7.103 H10JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4116 June 10, 2015 
I think, Mr. Chairman, that is the 
concern here today, and that is why I would urge my colleagues to support this vital amendment. 
I do appreciate the opportunity for 
dialogue that I have been having with my colleague from Illinois and also with the Small Business Committee on that. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BOST. Mr. Chairman, I rise in 
opposition to the gentleman’s amend-ment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Illinois is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
Mr. BOST. Mr. Chairman, as you may 
know, the reason I stand in opposition is the Small Business Administration sets these standards. As of 2012, this standard was set in place. 
Though I am more than willing to 
work with the gentleman in the future on what might come forward actually through the Small Business Com-mittee, the concern I have is that those that do qualify under small business inadvertently, through his language, would be removed from that. 
The concern I have also is that is lo-
cated in my district, with a company that has already received a contract under that. 
It is a process that we have in place. 
We know that there may be flaws in the process, and in the Small Business Committee, we are going to be working on those. I believe that the gentleman has sincere hopes to try to straighten this problem out for his district. I un-derstand that. 
I believe that this is not the way to 
do this. I stand in opposition. I hope that others will join me in voting ‘‘no’’ on this, but I do give the commitment that, if a ‘‘no’’ vote does occur, I will be working with him. 
Mr. VISCLOSKY. Will the gentleman 
yield? 
Mr. BOST. I yield to the gentleman 
from Indiana. 
Mr. VISCLOSKY. I appreciate the 
gentleman yielding, and I simply would add my voice to his in opposition to the gentleman’s amendment. 
It is certainly my belief and under-
standing that the Defense Logistics Agency is executing an acquisition pro-gram that maximizes to every extent possible long-term contracts and mul-tiple award strategies that limit varia-bility to limit each vendor’s economic risk. 
The gentleman mentions small man-
ufacturers. Some of the largest compa-nies in the country are involved at the Department of Defense, which is fine. They do wonderful work for our coun-try. We ought to make sure that we protect the prerogatives of small busi-nesses to make sure that they are on equal footing for these contracts so that you have that limit on economic risk for all vendors, big and small. 
I appreciate the gentleman’s objec-
tion, and I would join him in it. 
Mr. BOST. I yield back the balance of 
my time. Mr. HUIZENGA of Michigan. Mr. 
Chairman, in closing, I do appreciate my colleague from Illinois and other members from the Small Business Committee who are committed to working at this. 
The concern, again, would be one of 
our capacity and our industrial base and being able to supply that most vital of needs for our men and women in uniform, which is their footwear. When we talk about large, we talk about small at the same time because 400 is the number of west Michigan jobs that are in the balance here; but we wouldn’t be able to reach the full ca-pacity if we needed to surge again in a very unstable world, as we have been dealing with a number of crises around the world. 
Mr. Chairman, I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote, 
and I yield back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Michigan (Mr. H
UIZENGA ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MS . LEE 
Ms. LEE. Mr. Chairman, I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), add the following: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be obligated or expended pursuant to the Authorization for Use of Military Force (Public Law 107–40; 50 U.S.C. 1541 note) after December 31, 2015. 
Ms. LEE (during the reading). Mr. 
Chair, I ask unanimous consent to dis-pense with the reading. 
The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection 
to the request of the gentlewoman from California? 
There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 303, the gentlewoman from California and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from California. 
Ms. LEE. Mr. Chairman, my amend-
ment is really very simple. It is co-sponsored by Representatives G
RIJALVA  
and E LLISON . It prohibits any funding 
in this bill pursuant to the 2001 Author-ization for the Use of Military Force after December 31, 2015. 
This timeline gives the President and 
the Congress sufficient time—that is 8 months after this is signed into law—to determine what if any authorization would be needed to replace the 2001 AUMF. 
This amendment is not only timely, 
but it really is necessary. On Sep-tember 14, 2001, I could not vote for the 2001 AUMF. That was an authorization that I knew would provide a blank check to wage war any time, for any length, anywhere. 
In the last 14 years, it has become in-
creasingly clear that this authoriza-tion has essentially provided the Presi-dent—this is any President—President Bush, now President Obama—the au-thority to wage war against anyone, 
anywhere, at any time, against any country, with no authorization from Congress. 
In fact, the Congressional Research 
Service has found that the 2001 AUMF has been used more than 30 times to justify military action and other ac-tivities, including warrantless surveil-lance and wiretapping, indefinite de-tention practices at GTMO, targeted killing operations using lethal drones, and the open-ended expansion of mili-tary operations abroad, which have nothing to do with the original con-gressional intent. 
In addition to the activities I men-
tioned, the AUMF has reportedly been invoked to deploy troops in Afghani-stan, Yemen, Djibouti, Kenya, Ethi-opia, Eritrea, and Somalia. The 2001 AUMF is now being cited as the au-thority for the now 10-month-long war against ISIL—and, yes, we are in a war. 
We know that ISIL must be degraded 
and dismantled, but Congress must do our job. We should debate and vote on the use of force. That is our constitu-tional responsibility. 
I know that, while many of us may 
not share a common position on how to deal with the 2001 authorization, many of us do agree that the overly broad au-thority is a major and concerning dete-rioration of congressional oversight and warmaking authority. 
I think many of us can agree that a 
robust debate and vote is necessary, long overdue, and must take place, whatever we believe about how we should vote. The American people de-serve to have their Representatives speak for them on these grave matters which the Constitution requires. 
Let me be clear. With the 2001 au-
thorization still on the books in its current form, any administration can continue to rely on this blank check to wage endless war. That is why my amendment to prohibit funding for the 2001 AUMF after December 31, 2015, is so important. 
There was very little debate. I re-
member that very moment that we had this debate on this resolution 12 years ago. I think the debate maybe was about 1 hour—pro and con, 30 minutes. I probably was the only one who voted 
and said ‘‘no’’ in terms of the debate, but it wasn’t a very long debate, and I am sure, if we had had more time to de-bate this, more Members would have realized that this was a blank check. 
Let’s repeal this. I have introduced 
this legislation once again to get this off the books. Congress cannot con-tinue to abdicate its constitutional re-sponsibility while the United States now is embroiled in yet another open- ended war in the Middle East. 
We can begin to address this today by 
passing this amendment, providing Congress and the President with plenty of time to decide what measures should replace this authorization before the end of the year. 
I yield to the gentleman from Indi-
ana (Mr. V
ISCLOSKY ), our ranking mem-
ber, and thank him for his leadership. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:30 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00110 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JN7.218 H10JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4117 June 10, 2015 
Mr. VISCLOSKY. I thank the gentle-
woman for yielding, and I join in sup-port of her amendment. 
As she indicated, more than 14 years 
have passed. The United States with-drew their large troop presence and marked the end of combat operations in Iraq since then. Security operations for Afghanistan were transferred to the Afghan National Security Forces in June of 2013. The basic mission of U.S. and NATO forces in Afghanistan has been to train those forces, including the Afghan Army. 
I think the gentlewoman made a very 
good point. She and I may not agree on what that resolution and authority should look like in the end, all the more reason for all of us collectively, both parties, to have a fulsome debate on that issue. 
Ms. LEE. I yield back the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair-
man, I claim the time in opposition. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from New Jersey is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair-
man, I rise in opposition to the gentle-woman’s amendment. 
In order to prosecute the global war 
on terrorism, one of our primary cur-rent missions, the President, our Com-mander in Chief, relies on this Author-ization for the Use of Military Force, which he is trying and attempting to repeal. 
This AUMF, better known as the 9/11 
AUMF, is necessary for the Depart-ment of Defense and U.S. military forces to address conducting campaigns against al Qaeda and al Qaeda-related affiliated forces worldwide by using this authority. It has been used by both this President and his predecessor since 2001. 
Granted, this amendment was writ-
ten to sunset on the last day of this calendar year, but without a follow-on authority in place, killing the 9/11 AUMF would tie our Nation’s hands and our Commander in Chief’s hands with regard to combating worldwide terrorism in 7 short months. 
This amendment cripples our ability 
to conduct counterterrorism oper-ations with partner nations and our al-lies against al Qaeda and their affili-ates. 
Once again, the gentlewoman at-
tempts to put in place a major policy change that does not belong in an ap-propriations bill, this Defense bill. 
The terrorist threat today is no less 
real and, in many ways, far more dan-gerous than it was when Congress over-whelmingly gave the President that authority in 2001 to protect us against those who want to do us harm. 
These terrorist organizations pose a 
real threat to United States persons and interests. It is my judgment this amendment erroneously assumes that al Qaeda and its affiliates ended their terrorist acts once major military op-erations ceased in Afghanistan. Obvi-ously, they haven’t. Recent disastrous events in Yemen 
and, most recently, frightening devel-opments in Iraq and Syria have shown its affiliates and new terrorist groups are on the rise. 
This amendment would effectively 
eliminate the President’s ability to ad-dress that threat or other emerging threats from al Qaeda and like-minded groups in north Africa, the Horn of Af-rica, and elsewhere and leave our Na-tion and our allies more vulnerable to attacks. 
Therefore, I strongly urge opposition 
to this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from California (Ms. L
EE). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
Ms. LEE. Mr. Chairman, I demand a 
recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from California will be postponed. 
b2330 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair-
man, I move that the Committee do now rise. 
The motion was agreed to. Accordingly, the Committee rose; 
and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. W
OODALL ) having assumed the chair, 
Mr. M OONEY of West Virginia, Acting 
Chair of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, re-ported that that Committee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 2685) making appropriations for the De-partment of Defense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes, had come to no resolu-tion thereon. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION 
OF H.R. 1295, TRADE PREF-ERENCES EXTENSION ACT OF 2015 
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that it be in order at any time to take from the Speaker’s table H.R. 1295, with the Senate amend-ments thereto, and to consider in the House, without intervention of any point of order, a single motion offered by the chair of the Committee on Ways and Means or his designee that the House, one, concur in the Senate amendment to the title and, two, con-cur in the Senate amendment to the text with the amendment printed in the portion of the C
ONGRESSIONAL  
RECORD designated for that purpose in 
clause 8 of rule XVIII and numbered 1; that the Senate amendments and the motion be considered as read; that the motion be debatable for 1 hour equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Com-mittee on Ways and Means; and that the previous question be considered as ordered on the motion to its adoption without intervening motion or demand 
for division of the question. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE 
APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2016 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to House Resolution 303 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill, H.R. 2685. 
Will the gentleman from West Vir-
ginia (Mr. M
OONEY ) kindly resume the 
chair. 
b2331 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved 
itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill (H.R. 2685) making appropriations for the De-partment of Defense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes, with Mr. M
OONEY of 
West Virginia (Acting Chair) in the chair. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The Acting CHAIR. When the Com-
mittee of the Whole rose earlier today, a request for a recorded vote on an amendment offered by the gentle-woman from California (Ms. L
EE) had 
been postponed, and the bill had been read through page 162, line 25. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MS . MCSALLY  
Ms. M CSALLY. Mr. Chairman, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used to divest, retire, transfer, or place in storage or on backup aircraft inventory status, or prepare to di-vest, retire, transfer, or place in storage or on backup aircraft inventory status, any EC– 130H aircraft. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 303, the gentlewoman from Arizona and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from Arizona. 
Ms. M
CSALLY. Mr. Chairman, I want 
to thank the chairman for including funds to support our fleet of EC–130H Compass Call aircraft in this bill. The underlying legislation restores $27.3 million to support 15 EC–130H aircraft next year. 
My amendment today does not cost a 
dime. The chairman has already pro-vided full funding for our entire EC– 130H fleet, and my amendment simply ensures that the chairman’s intentions are carried out, and that the Air Force does not use backdoor means to try to retire these important aircraft. 
The Compass Call is the only dedi-
cated U.S. Air Force electronic warfare 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:30 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00111 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JN7.220 H10JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4118 June 10, 2015 
aircraft. I can tell you in this unclassi-
fied setting that it can perform elec-tronic warfare, suppression of enemy air defenses, and offensive counter-information operations. 
It was successfully employed during 
Desert Storm, Iraqi Freedom, Enduring Freedom, and provided electronic war-fare support in operations in Kosovo, in Haiti, Panama, Serbia, and Afghani-stan. It was the most heavily-tasked special mission C–130 in operations in Afghanistan. 
Despite plans to divest 50 percent of 
the fleet, the Air Force has not identi-fied a follow-on capability, and no other platform currently performs this mission. In fact, Air Force Deputy Chief of Staff Lieutenant General James Holmes confirmed there are things that only the EC–130H does and does best. 
Right now, the Compass Call is cur-
rently deployed both in Afghanistan and in the fight against ISIS. Divesting it without a replacement for the unique capabilities it offers would be irresponsible, especially given its high rate of deployment. 
I restate that my amendment would 
not cost a dime, simply ensures the chairman’s decision to fund the fleet is carried out. This is a critical capa-bility, and we cannot afford to dispose it without a replacement. 
I want to thank the chair, and urge 
support of my amendment. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Will the gen-
tlewoman yield? 
Ms. M
CSALLY. I yield to the gen-
tleman from New Jersey. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. We are 
pleased to accept your amendment. May I also say, we are proud of your service to our Nation. Thank you for the time. 
Ms. M
CSALLY. Thank you, Mr. 
Chairman, for your support. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Arizona (Ms. M
CSALLY ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
VACATING PROCEEDINGS ON AMENDMENT NO . 2 
OFFERED BY MR . HUIZENGA OF MICHIGAN  
Mr. BOST. Mr. Chairman, I ask unan-
imous consent that the proceedings on the vote on amendment No. 2 be va-cated to the end that the Chair put the question de novo. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
designate the amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-
tion, the vote on the amendment is va-cated, and the Chair will put the ques-tion de novo. 
There was no objection. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MR . HUIZENGA  
OF MICHIGAN  
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Michigan (Mr. H
UIZENGA ). 
The amendment was rejected. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MS . LEE 
Ms. LEE. Mr. Chairman, I have an 
amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), add the following: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be obligated or expended pursuant to the Authorization for Use of Military Force Against Iraq Resolution of 2002 (Public Law 107–243; 50 U.S.C. 1541 note). 
Ms. LEE (during the reading). Mr. 
Chairman, I ask unanimous consent that the reading be dispensed with. 
The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection 
to the request of the gentlewoman from California? 
There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 303, the gentlewoman from California and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from California. 
Ms. LEE. Mr. Chairman, this amend-
ment would prohibit funding pursuant to the 2002 Iraq Authorization for Use of Military Force. And once again I am proud to offer this amendment with my colleagues, Representative E
LLISON and 
GRIJALVA . 
Now, why is this amendment nec-
essary? 
Three years ago, mind you, President 
Obama declared that the Iraq war was over. Since then, the President has stated a number of times that the 2002 AUMF is no longer necessary, and that Congress should work to repeal it. Yet, Congress has allowed this war author-ization to remain on the books indefi-nitely. 
Now, we all are familiar with the re-
port, and we know what is taking place in Iraq, Syria, and across the Middle East as it relates to ISIL. We all agree that they must be degraded and dis-mantled. 
But just as with the 2001 resolution, 
the 2002 AUMF is completely inappro-priate to deal with this threat. 
This is a new war, Mr. Chairman, not 
an old war. This is a new war, which the people of this country have a right to have their Members of Congress de-bate and vote on. 
Even the President included a repeal 
of the 2002 AUMF in the proposed au-thorization he sent to Congress in Feb-ruary. Yet, we can’t even get that au-thorization brought up for a debate and a vote. 
So, simply put, the 2002 authoriza-
tion is no longer necessary. We need to come back to the drawing board and decide, based on what this body wants to do, should we vote for a new author-ization or not. 
If we want to commit the United 
States to another war in Iraq, then Congress must have that debate and decide whether or not to authorize an-other war. 
I am pleased that my sense of Con-
gress resolution—it was an amendment actually—affirming this was passed on a bipartisan basis in committee and is included in this bill. 
Mr. Chairman, this amendment is 
common sense, and we cannot continue to leave authorizations for the use of 
military force on the books indefi-nitely. It is time for us to reassert our constitutional prerogative to declare war or not, to debate and vote on any military action in Iraq. 
Mr. VISCLOSKY. Will the gentle-
woman yield? 
Ms. LEE. I yield to the gentleman 
from Indiana. 
Mr. VISCLOSKY. I will just reiterate 
my comments in the gentlewoman’s last amendment and that is, after the passage of 13 years, things have changed. And one of the changes we ought to make in this Chamber is to have, again, that fulsome debate as to what the parameters of our military involvement overseas is going forward from this point in time, not the begin-ning of the previous decade. I appre-ciate the gentlewoman offering the amendment. 
Ms. LEE. Mr. Chairman, how much 
time do I have remaining? 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman 
from California has 2 minutes remain-ing. 
Ms. LEE. Mr. Chairman, let me just 
say with regard to this amendment, Congress has a constitutional responsi-bility. It is our prerogative to declare war or not. It is our prerogative to de-bate and vote on any military action anywhere in the world. More than a prerogative, it is our constitutional re-sponsibility. 
We represent the American people. 
The American people deserve to have a voice in such grave matters. That is why the Constitution required that. And for us not to do our job and to con-tinue to rely on old authorizations from 13 and 14 years ago really is an abdication of our responsibility. 
People did not elect us to Congress to 
duck and dodge the hard questions and the hard issues. Some of us agree that we need to go to war. Some of us don’t agree. But that is not the issue, and that is not what this amendment, nor my prior amendment, was about. 
It was about doing our job here, lay-
ing out the pros and cons, making some heavy-duty decisions—and that is what they are, but that is why we are here—and then instructing our Com-mander in Chief what Congress believes should be the appropriate course of ac-tion. 
Many would vote for it; many would 
vote against it, but, again, not to have this debate and vote when we are now 10 months into another war is down-right wrong. It is almost lawless. It is something that it is hard to imagine getting away with this long. 
So I hope that we get a good bipar-
tisan vote on this. It is about time that we do debate this again. If the Speaker did not like the President’s authoriza-tion that he brought forward, then let’s get another authorization. Let’s write one ourselves. I have one. I know other Members have one. Let’s bring forth an authorization and debate what we want to do moving forward. That is the wise thing to do. That is the smart thing to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:30 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00112 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JN7.223 H10JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4119 June 10, 2015 
do. That is the right thing to do. We 
have troops in harm’s way. They need to know what their Members of Con-gress believe, what the Constitution re-quires in terms of doing our job. They deserve us to do better. 
The Acting CHAIR. The time of the 
gentlewoman has expired. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair-
man, I rise in opposition to the gentle-woman’s amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from New Jersey is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair-
man, as I said a few minutes ago, cur-rently U.S. forces are conducting mul-tiple airstrikes against ISIL in Iraq and Syria. Without this authority, those campaigns would stop. And cer-tainly, much has happened since the authority was first given. As a matter of fact, things are getting far worse than they have been in the past. 
Acceptance of this amendment would 
rob our country of one of the key au-thorities our Commander in Chief needs and relies on to keep us safe and to address these types of crises, which seem to occur all over the Middle East. Therefore, I strongly reject and oppose the amendment and urge others to do likewise. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from California (Ms. L
EE). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
Ms. LEE. Mr. Chair, I demand a re-
corded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from California will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . HUNTER  
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. Chair, I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used in contravention of section 2483(b)(5) of title 10, United States Code. 
The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection 
to the request of the gentleman from California? 
There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 303, the gentleman from California and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from California. 
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. Chairman, first, I 
want to thank the chairman from New Jersey and just thank him for the won-derful job he has done protecting our troops and our people around world and 
making sure that the world remains a safer place than it would be otherwise without the United States there. 
b2345 
Mr. Chairman, I offer an amendment 
that would prohibit the Department of Defense from increasing the prices paid 
by our troops and their families, our veterans and their families at military commissaries, especially overseas. 
The commissary benefit is one of a 
number of benefits that our service-members receive upon joining the mili-tary, and it is one that our service-members and their families rely upon to maintain their access to wholesome, affordable, and healthy food. 
The Defense Commissary Agency, or 
DeCA, has embarked upon a poorly re-searched plan to raise prices on com-missary consumers as part of a move towards what they call a ‘‘commercial’’ business model. 
This amendment requires the Depart-
ment of Defense to continue using the existing model of produce sourcing for commissaries in Asia and the Pacific unless and until the Secretary of De-fense can certify that a new sourcing model will not raise prices on the shelves. This maintains the promised benefits that our warriors and their families expected to receive when they raised their right hand and became a United States sailor, airman, soldier, or marine. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from California (Mr. H
UNTER ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . SABLAN  
Mr. SABLAN. Mr. Chairman, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following new section: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used to establish any live-fire range, training course, or maneuver area within the Commonwealth of the North-ern Mariana Islands in contravention of sec-tion 801 of Public Law 94–241 or section 2663 of title 10, United States Code. 
Mr. SABLAN (during the reading). 
Mr. Chair, I ask unanimous consent that the amendment be considered as read and printed in the R
ECORD . 
The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection 
to the request of the gentleman from the Northern Mariana Islands? 
There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 303, the gentleman from the Northern Mariana Islands and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from the Northern Mariana Islands. 
Mr. SABLAN. Mr. Chairman, many of 
us in this Chamber share a concern that the Federal Government has so much power and so many resources that it can overwhelm and even intimi-date smaller State and local govern-ments. 
The amendment I am offering re-
sponds to that concern. It requires, be-fore any funds are expended in the Northern Mariana Islands for expanded activities by the military, that the Secretary of Defense reach agreement with the government of the Northern 
Mariana Islands on the nature and scope of those activities. 
My amendment levels the playing 
field between the very powerful Fed-eral Government and a very small ter-ritorial government. 
A little history: in 1975, the people of 
the Northern Marianas elected to be-come a part of the United States, and 78 percent of the people voted for the negotiated agreement that defined our political union. Part of that agreement includes the lease of two-thirds of our island of Tinian to the U.S. military for 100 years and the lease of the entire island of Farallon de Medinilla. The cost to the United States—$175,000 a year. That is a Manhattan Island deal. 
The people of the Northern Marianas 
committed those lands for the purpose of national defense willingly because we understood that with citizenship comes responsibility, and the United States recognized in the agreement ne-gotiated with us that we have very lit-tle land and that any future acquisi-tion, therefore, would be ‘‘only the minimum area necessary.’’ 
Today, however, the U.S. military is 
proposing the takeover of another en-tire island. It is called Pagan. One more out of only 14 islands in the Northern Marianas, when we have al-ready given up all of Farallon de Medinilla and two-thirds of Tinian—25 percent of our total land area of only 183 square miles. The military is pro-posing to use these lands for live-fire ranges, training courses, and maneuver areas. 
I should explain that these are public 
lands and that decisions about the use of public lands in the Northern Mari-anas rests in the hands of the Governor and our legislators. 
To lease lands to the military or not, 
what the terms and conditions of any lease may be, those decisions are an ex-ercise in local self-government, and I will respect those local decisions. But as the official in Congress representing the people of the Northern Marianas, I want to be sure that the Federal Gov-ernment also respects the decisions of the government of the Northern Mari-anas. 
Again, that is what my amendment 
would do. My amendment simply assures that none of the funds we ap-propriate today will be used for the ac-tivities the military is proposing for public lands in the Northern Marianas without first obtaining the consent and the agreement of the Northern Mari-anas government and actually obtain-ing an agreement for the use of that land. 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair-
man, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from New Jersey is recognized for 5 minutes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:30 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00113 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JN7.225 H10JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4120 June 10, 2015 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair-
man, I appreciate the gentleman rais-ing the issue. Obviously, he is a won-derful representative of the Mariana Is-lands. 
However, given the way this amend-
ment is written, it is unclear to me the impact that this may have on our mili-tary’s future ability to train. So, re-gretfully, I must oppose this amend-ment, but I look forward to working with the gentleman to address his con-cerns. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SABLAN. Mr. Chairman, how 
much time do I have remaining? 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from the Northern Mariana Islands has 2 minutes remaining. 
Mr. SABLAN. I thank Chairman 
F
RELINGHUYSEN very much. 
Mr. Chairman, let me put it this way. 
You have a piece of property, and it be-longs to you in title. I come over; and without asking you if I could use your land, I come in with a yardstick. I bring surveyors. I bring architects and engineers to your land, and I start drawing up my plans. 
Would any person alive allow that to 
happen in the United States of Amer-ica? They won’t. Two-thirds of Tinian they already have. They are asking for an entirely new island, Mr. Chairman, and they would own 25 percent of the Northern Marianas. 
They are going to fire howitzers in 
our community. They have claimed that on this one island there are no in-habitants. I happen to live two doors from these people. And that they are from Pagan. They live in Pagan. They are residents of Pagan. Many of them are in Saipan for work, just like many of us, 541 Members of Congress who come to Washington to work and go home every break—except for one, the Delegate from the District of Colum-bia. This is her home. All of us come to D.C. to work. Some of us, even those who don’t have homes in our districts, claim that we go back to our districts because that is our home. 
Present Federal law says that the 
United States Government, the mili-tary must first seek permission and ob-tain access to the property. They don’t have that access. And in the meantime, until they obtain that access or an agreement for the use of that land, then they should cease and desist from any plans that they are making for the use of an island that they don’t own. 
Mr. VISCLOSKY. Will the gentleman 
yield? 
Mr. SABLAN. I yield to the gen-
tleman from Indiana. 
Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chairman, I ap-
preciate the compassion and his con-viction and would join in wanting to work with you, as the chairman has in-dicated, to see if there is some resolu-tion to your concern. 
Mr. SABLAN. Mr. Chairman, I don’t 
own the land. I am just bringing out facts here and bringing out the senti-ments of my constituents. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from the Northern Mariana Is-lands (Mr. S
ABLAN ). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. SABLAN. Mr. Chairman, I de-
mand a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from the Northern Mar-iana Islands will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . YOHO  
Mr. YOHO. Mr. Chairman, I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act under the heading ‘‘Iraq Train and Equip Fund’’ may be used to procure or transfer man-portable air defense systems. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 303, the gentleman from Florida and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Florida. 
Mr. YOHO. Mr. Chairman, since Au-
gust 8, 2014, in Iraq—— 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Will the gen-
tleman yield? 
Mr. YOHO. I yield to the gentleman 
from New Jersey. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. The com-
mittee is prepared to accept your amendment. 
Mr. YOHO. I thank the chairman. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Florida (Mr. Y
OHO). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . YOHO  
Mr. YOHO. Mr. Chairman, I have an-
other amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act under section 9014 for ‘‘Assist-ance and Sustainment to the Military and National Security Forces of Ukraine’’ may be used to procure or transfer man-portable air defense systems. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 303, the gentleman from Florida and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Florida. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Will the gen-
tleman yield? 
Mr. YOHO. I yield to the gentleman 
from New Jersey. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. We are pre-
pared to accept your amendment. 
Mr. YOHO. I thank the chairman. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Florida (Mr. Y
OHO). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . GOSAR  
Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chairman, I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
SEC. 10003. None of the funds made avail-
able by this Act may be expended by the De-partment of the Navy to divest or transfer, or prepare to divest or transfer, any search and rescue units from the Marine Corps. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 303, the gentleman from Arizona and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Arizona. 
Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chairman, I rise to 
offer an amendment which would pre-serve a very important component of the Marine Corps: its search and rescue units. 
According to the most recent Marine 
aviation plan, the Corps had these units slated for a divestiture by the end of the calendar year. I was glad to see that, after some public backlash on that plan, the Corps decided to tempo-rarily postpone those divestiture plans. But just as easily as the Marines post-pone their decision, they could also re-commence. 
I still believe such actions would be a 
bad decision, and I am not alone. That is why I am offering this bipartisan amendment with my colleagues, Rep-resentatives J
ONES , S INEMA , and 
BUTTERFIELD . 
After many years, there were only 
two remaining search and rescue units left: one at Marine Corps Air Station Yuma, Arizona, and one at MCAS Cher-ry Point, North Carolina. 
Marine Corps Air Station Yuma 
search and rescue unit performed 72 rescue missions to aid surrounding communities from 2010 to 2014. Last Oc-tober, the Yuma unit facilitated the rescue of 28 Boy Scouts and four chap-erones who were lost during a canoe trip. 
MCAS Cherry Point’s search and res-
cue unit, known as VMR–1, performs roughly 50 missions annually to help retrieve lost paddlers and hikers. Just this past March, VMR–1 rescued a man who was reported missing during a kayaking trip near Cedar Island, North Carolina. This was not only a night-time mission, but there was a heavy fog as well, so much so that the first rescue helicopter, known affection-ately as Pedro, had to abort its first landing at a hospital in Morehead and ultimately travel 75 miles to Green-ville, where the man was finally admit-ted for treatment. 
But none of us have yet heard a via-
ble alternative to sustain the mission of these search and rescue units. Law enforcement and first responders do not have these capabilities, and, appar-ently, no contractor does either. This proposed divestiture would literally cost lives. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:30 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00114 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JN7.230 H10JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4121 June 10, 2015 
I ask: What would have happened to 
these Boy Scouts if these marines didn’t come to help? I ask my col-leagues to support this amendment which was meant to save lives. 
I thank the chair and ranking mem-
ber. 
With that, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair-
man, I claim the time in opposition. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from New Jersey is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair-
man, respectfully, I rise in opposition to the gentleman from Arizona’s amendment. 
The Marine Corps has an aviation 
plan calling for the orderly transfer of this capability to other entities. The East Coast mission will be assumed by the Coast Guard, while the West Coast mission will be competitively con-tracted out, as I understand it, in fiscal year 2017. 
While we respect the gentleman’s 
concerns, this amendment takes a rifle shot approach against the Department of Defense’s force structure plan, and we believe that this is not good policy. Therefore, I urge opposition to the amendment and would appreciate the gentleman making the case for his po-sition. 
I yield to the gentleman from Indi-
ana (Mr. V
ISCLOSKY ), my ranking mem-
ber. 
Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chair, I join 
with the chairman in expressing my opposition. 
Again, I appreciate the gentleman’s 
concern, but we have had a series of amendments like this brought to the debate limiting transfers, limiting con-sideration of any movement or deci-sions or changes at the Department of Defense. At some point, we are going to have to allow the Department of De-fense to run itself as well and not to second-guess that maybe sometime they actually will make improvements because of a decision they make, and for that reason, I do support my chair-man in his opposition. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I yield back 
the balance of my time. 
b0000 
Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chairman, the idea 
that the East Coast may be absorbed may be one thing; but accordingly, from what I have heard down in Yuma, there is no viable option or contractor that has been and will be found for Yuma. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Arizona (Mr. G
OSAR ). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chairman, I demand 
a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona will be 
postponed. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . JOHNSON OF  
GEORGIA  
Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chair-
man, I have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title) insert the following: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds appropriated 
or otherwise made available in this Act may be used to transfer a flash-bang grenade under section 2576a of title 10, United States Code. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 303, the gentleman from Georgia and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Georgia. 
Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chair-
man, on May 28, 2014, narcotics agents, assisted by members of the Habersham County, Georgia, Special Response Team, executed a no-knock search war-rant on a home on a quiet street. Offi-cers terrified the sleeping family but did not find any drugs when they en-tered the home. 
During the raid, a 2-year-old child, 
baby Bou Bou, was badly burned when the officers tossed a flash-bang grenade into his playpen which was located in a darkened room. The officers justified their actions by saying that their in-telligence indicated that there would be no children present. 
Mr. Chairman, as an editorial in The 
Washington Post noted: ‘‘A flash-bang grenade is an explosive device that emits a deafening boom and a blinding flash of light. It is designed to tempo-rarily stun the occupants of a building so that the armed men who deployed it can clear the building. It is an instru-ment of war.’’ 
My amendment is simple. It would 
prohibit the transfer of flash-bang gre-nades from the Department of Defense to local law enforcement. The Depart-ment of Defense’s 1033 program has helped to sometimes distort the rela-tionship between the police and the communities they serve by allocating over $5 billion in surplus military equipment to local police, including flash-bang grenades. Nothing in cur-rent law prevents the military from giving police, including school and uni-versity police departments, flash-bang grenades. Allowing this loophole to exist puts our communities at risk of increasing militarization. 
Mr. Chairman, while we have real 
tensions across the country, our police and their communities are not at war. Funneling free military equipment to the police, however, helps to further deepen the divide in our communities. The same Washington Post article I mentioned earlier cited over a dozen incidents in recent years where police injured themselves or others while using flash-bang grenades. 
This amendment is not about regu-
lating what types of equipment law en-forcement agencies should or should 
not have. Instead, it is about whether this Congress should purchase flash- bang grenades for fighting wars abroad and then allow these flash-bang gre-nades to be transferred by the Depart-ment of Defense back to local law en-forcement agencies for use here at home. 
Local governments, in consultation 
with law enforcement agencies that they oversee, should decide what types of equipment the law enforcement agencies can acquire. Law enforcement agencies should not unilaterally make that decision independent of civilian authority. The local government can purchase whatever equipment they deem necessary for use by the agencies under their control through the local budgeting process, and they can also seek financial assistance through Fed-eral grants. 
This amendment doesn’t touch grant 
money or State or local governments’ freedom to purchase the equipment they need. The local budget process and Federal grant programs involve making choices based on need and funding. The 1033 program is an un-regulated pipeline of free equipment di-rectly from the Pentagon to the law enforcement agency. When the equip-ment is free and is plentiful and civil-ian authority is not involved, the cal-culus is very simple: why not accept free gifts of military equipment. How-ever, if acquiring this equipment mili-tarizes our police departments beyond comprehension, what kind of commu-nity policing are we actually per-forming? Or are we just simply occu-pying? 
This amendment, Mr. Chairman, is 
very common sense. We should con-sider whether or not we want our coun-try to move in this direction of mili-tarization, and we certainly need our civilian authorities to be involved in that process. So the consequences are too dangerous to keep proliferating this weaponry on our streets, and I would ask that my colleagues support this amendment. 
Mr. VISCLOSKY. Will the gentleman 
yield? 
Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. I yield to 
the gentleman from Indiana. 
Mr. VISCLOSKY. I appreciate the 
gentleman’s amendment and rise in support of it. There is no question that every law enforcement officer in our country is in possession of a very dan-gerous job. 
The Acting CHAIR (Mr. B
OST). The 
time of the gentleman from Georgia has expired. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair-
man, I claim the time in opposition. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from New Jersey is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I yield 1 
minute to the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. V
ISCLOSKY ) to finish his remarks. 
Mr. VISCLOSKY. I appreciate the 
chairman yielding, and I do recognize the very tough and dangerous job that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:30 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00115 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JN7.236 H10JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4122 June 10, 2015 
local enforcement officers have, every 
last one of them, and what an impor-tant job they do. I certainly have been active over my career in Congress working with the Department of De-fense to transfer necessary equipment to law enforcement agencies. 
But I would agree with the assertion 
of the gentleman that we do have to make a distinction with some of these types of materials between civil law enforcement and military action. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair-
man, I rise in opposition to the gentle-man’s amendment. The Department of Defense excess property program does provide valuable surplus equipment to State and local law enforcement agen-cies for its use in counternarcotics and counterterrorism operations and to en-hance officer safety. 
It has, on occasion, provided aircraft, 
including helicopters and small planes, four-wheel-drive vehicles, pickup trucks, ambulances, and mobile com-mand vehicles. It has provided vests and helmets to protect officers, all sorts of important protection equip-ment, including binoculars, radios, clothing, and information technology. 
In a time of declining budgets, at the 
Federal level but also at the State and local level, this program is a good ex-ample of a Federal-local partnership that ensures that we get the most out of each tax dollar spent. 
This amendment would restrict the 
Department’s ability to put equipment they no longer need to use protecting our citizens within our local commu-nities. We think it is a good program. It obviously ought to be monitored, and things ought to be only put in proper hands. 
b0010 
On occasion, horrible incidents do 
occur, but all in all, this program has been a valuable thing to many commu-nities across America. 
I do rise in opposition to the amend-
ment and urge a ‘‘no’’ vote. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Georgia (Mr. J
OHNSON ). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chair-
man, I demand a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Georgia will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . GOSAR  
Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chairman, I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), add the following: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used to procure any Army Aircrew Combat Uniforms. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 303, the gentleman from Arizona and a Member opposed 
each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Arizona. 
Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
today to offer a cost-saving amend-ment to the Department of Defense Ap-propriations Act for fiscal year 2016. 
Last year, it was brought to my at-
tention by numerous sources in my dis-trict that in 2009, the Department of Army fully phased out the CWU–27/P Army aviation flight uniform and moved to the Army aircrew combat uniform, also known as the A2CU. 
Those constituents of mine—many of 
whom are Active Duty, retired, or are friends and family of military per-sonnel—have expressed a desire for the Army to go back to the CWU–27/P model uniform. There are multiple rea-sons to switch back to the CWU model uniform. The most important reasons to switch back to the CWU model are safety and efficiency. 
To sweeten the deal when making the 
pitch to me, my constituents explained that moving back to the CWU model would also save the Department mil-lions of dollars a year in procurement costs. All these factors led me to offer this same commonsense amendment last Congress, and it passed this body by a voice vote. 
The CWU model has a proven track 
record of safety and practicality. The CWU model is still authorized for Army special operation aviators, all of the aviators in the other service branches of the U.S. military, and most air forces and navies around the world. 
Yes, these points are a testament to 
the safety and efficiency of the CWU model, and the safety aspects are of paramount importance to our Army aviators because the chances of a fire in an aviation crash are very high. 
The CWU model flight suits have an 
antistatic fiber woven into them to prevent sparks which, for obvious rea-sons, are not that desirable when oper-
ating an aircraft with thousands of pounds of highly volatile jet fuel on board. The one-piece design of the CWU model is also extremely important as it does not, in the event of fire, leave any opportunities for exposed skin. 
Speaking to the cost savings, the 
A2CU model costs an average of 56 per-cent more than the CWU model, and the A2CU was proven to wear out faster than the CWU. Further, every time the Army decides to change the camou-flage pattern of the duty uniform, they have to spend millions more pur-chasing the new flight uniform. 
The nonpartisan Congressional Budg-
et Office stated that this amendment does not score as it is written, but, being that the intent is to move back to the CWU model, the effects of the policy should actually net some cost savings. Conservative estimates show that the Army could save around $5 million a year in procurement costs if it were to move back to the CWU model. 
Further, it should not cost anything 
to reintroduce the CWU model back into the supply system, as the rest of 
the service branches still use them. In other words, there is no need to reboot the supply chain. 
The cost savings are tantalizing for 
someone like me, who was sent to this town to rein in spending, but more im-portantly, I listen to these Army avi-ators and flight operators. They tell me it is safer. Being that they are the ones doing the training and flying, I am going to have to take them at their word. 
Given the safety and practicality ap-
plications and given that the United States is not exactly running a budget surplus right now, saving a few mil-lions here and a few millions there in the name of safety and practicality is something we should all strive to achieve. 
I urge my colleagues to once again 
support this commonsense amendment which cuts costs and improves safety. 
With that, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair-
man, I claim the time in opposition. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from New Jersey is recognized for 5 minutes 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair-
man, let me commend the gentleman from Arizona on his interest in the safety of our Army aviation personnel. 
This amendment would prohibit the 
Army from spending additional funds to purchase the Army aircrew combat uniform. As an alternative, the Army could resume using a previous flight suit, the CWU–27/P that has not been authorized since 2009, except for special operators. 
I understand this amendment is 
based on discussions with flight crews during visits with airfields and tactical training sites. The old model is a one- piece design. It is said to cost less and be more durable than the current model Army aircrew combat uniform. 
The committee is interested in pro-
viding our soldiers with the best equip-ment possible; however, conclusions based on what appear—and I want to say this respectfully—on somewhat an-ecdotal information and brief discus-sions rarely lead to wise spending deci-sions. 
I reluctantly urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on this 
amendment, and I am pleased to yield to Mr. V
ISCLOSKY . 
Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chairman, I 
would want to associate myself with the chairman’s remarks and again reit-erate my previous comments that at some point, we ought to trust some judgments being made down at the De-partment of Defense and not just say no to everything. We ought to be mak-ing some decisions. 
I appreciate the chairman’s expla-
nation of the situation and join him in opposition to the amendment. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair-
man, I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chairman, I would 
like to remind the two individuals that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:30 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00116 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JN7.239 H10JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4123 June 10, 2015 
the one-piece has been preferred by the 
aviators for the safety aspects because of the woven cloth. I think sometimes we have to have the administration start looking to the people that are ac-tually in harm’s way in this regard. 
With that, I yield back the balance of 
my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Arizona (Mr. G
OSAR ). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chairman, I demand 
a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . CONYERS  
Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Chairman, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), add the following: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used to provide arms, training, or other assistance to the Azov Battalion. 
Mr. CONYERS (during the reading). 
Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous con-sent the amendment be considered as read. 
The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection 
to the request of the gentleman from Michigan? 
There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 303, the gentleman from Michigan and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Michigan. 
Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Chairman, I 
begin by thanking Mr. F
RELINGHUYSEN  
and Mr. V ISCLOSKY in conducting the 
amendments around these important considerations. 
This amendment that I propose this 
evening limits arms, training, and other assistance to the neo-Nazi Ukrainian militia, the Azov Battalion. 
Foreign Policy magazine has charac-
terized the 1,000-man Azov Battalion as ‘‘openly neo-Nazi’’ and ‘‘fascist.’’ Nu-merous other news organizations, in-cluding The New York Times, The Guardian, and the Associated Press have corroborated the dominance of White supremacist and anti-Semitic views within the group; yet Ukraine’s Interior Minister recently announced the Azov Battalion will be among the units to receive training and arms from Western allies, including the United States. 
Azov’s founder, Andriy Biletsky, or-
ganized the neo-Nazi group the Social- National Assembly in 2008. Azov men use neo-Nazi symbolism on their ban-ner. 
b0020 
These groups run counter to Amer-
ican values, and once the fighting ends, they pose a significant threat to the 
Ukrainian Government and to the Ukrainian people. As we have seen many times, most notably within the Mujahedeen in Afghanistan, these groups will not lay down their arms once the conflict is over. They will turn their arms against their own peo-ple in order to enforce their hateful views. 
I urge the support of my amendment 
and to make it U.S. law that we will not equip this dangerous neo-Nazi mili-tia. 
Mr. VISCLOSKY. Will the gentleman 
yield? 
Mr. CONYERS. I yield to the gen-
tleman from Indiana. 
Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chairman, I 
think I speak for the committee in sug-gesting that we accept the gentleman’s amendment and appreciate the fact that he wants to exercise care, as we do on the committee, to make sure who-ever is trained is someone who is, if you would, a person of good intent, as opposed to someone who is not. I appre-ciate the gentleman’s concern and for his offering the amendment. 
Mr. CONYERS. I thank the gen-
tleman from Indiana. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Will the gen-
tleman yield? 
Mr. CONYERS. I yield to the gen-
tleman from New Jersey. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair-
man, we accept the amendment. 
Mr. CONYERS. I thank the gen-
tleman from New Jersey. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Michigan (Mr. C
ONYERS ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . JOHNSON OF  
GEORGIA  
Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chair-
man, I have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title) insert the following: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds appropriated 
or otherwise made available in this Act may be used to transfer a mine-resistant ambush protected vehicle under section 2576a of title 10, United States Code. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 303, the gentleman from Georgia and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Georgia. 
Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chair-
man, sheriff’s departments and local police departments are local peace offi-cers. They enforce the law and main-tain peace and order. Ideally, they are members of the communities in which they serve. 
The Department of Defense’s 1033 
program has helped to sometimes dis-tort the relationship between police and their communities by providing over $5 billion in surplus military equipment to local police, including ar-mored vehicles and military grade 
weapons. Police who patrol the streets and neighborhoods in armored MRAPs, while armed to the hilt, can easily lose sight of their role, which is to protect and serve, and, instead, take on the mindset of a paramilitary occupation force. The routine showing of military authority on our streets creates mis-trust that only further deepens the di-vide between law enforcement and the 
people they are sworn to protect and serve. 
My amendment is simple. It would 
prohibit the transfer of mine resistant ambush protected vehicles, or MRAPs—for free—straight from the Department of Defense to local law en-forcement agencies. 
This amendment is not about regu-
lating what types of equipment law en-forcement agencies and police should not have. Instead, it is about whether this Congress should purchase MRAPs for fighting wars abroad and then allow the Department of Defense to give that equipment away to civilian law en-forcement here at home, for free, to use on the streets of America. 
Local governments, in consultation 
with the law enforcement agencies they oversee, should decide what types of equipment their law enforcement agencies can acquire. Law enforcement agencies should not unilaterally make that decision independent of civilian authority. The local governments can purchase whatever equipment they deem necessary for use by the agencies under their control through their local budgeting process, and they can seek financial assistance to purchase nec-essary equipment from Federal grant programs. 
This amendment doesn’t touch grant 
money or the State’s or local govern-ment’s freedom to purchase the equip-ment it needs. The local budget process and application for Federal grant pro-grams involve making choices based on need and funding, while the 1033 pro-gram is an unregulated pipeline of free equipment directly from the Pentagon to the law enforcement agency. 
When the equipment is free and in 
plentiful supply and civilian authority is not involved, the calculus is very simple: Why not accept free equip-ment? Why not obtain equipment based on desire rather than need? However, if acquiring the equipment required the use of local funds or involved applying for grant money, the decision would be more deliberative and inclusive of ci-vilian authority. Other factors would be considered, including whether there is a need for such equipment, how the equipment would be used, and whether the community consents to being policed with such equipment. 
This amendment simply shuts off the 
pipeline of military equipment from the battlefield to our main streets. This amendment forces us to consider whether MRAPs, designed and pur-chased for battle in the Iraqi desert, are suitable for our local police. It forces us to consider whether an ordi-nary American citizen would truly feel 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:30 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00117 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JN7.242 H10JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4124 June 10, 2015 
comfortable in approaching an officer 
for help if the officer were behind the wheel of a 15-ton armored vehicle that had just been returned from combat in Afghanistan. 
This amendment would end the 
transfer of these armored vehicles to school systems and to universities across the country. Are our children so unruly that order can only be main-tained with the use of an MRAP? 
Unless this amendment passes, a vote 
for the underlying bill will ultimately fund the purchase of MRAPs, which will, one day, be transferred back home for use against our constituents. The consequences are too dangerous to con-tinue this indiscriminate flow of weap-onry to the streets of this Nation. I urge support for this amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair-
man, I rise in opposition to the amend-ment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from New Jersey is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Rather than 
repeat myself, I think the Department of Defense excess property program does provide some very valuable equip-ment to local law enforcement. Of course, it is invaluable if it is used properly and with care. As a con-sequence, I oppose the gentleman’s amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Georgia (Mr. J
OHNSON ). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chair-
man, I demand a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Georgia will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . COLE 
Mr. COLE. Mr. Chair, I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used to carry out a fur-lough (as defined in section 7511(a)(5) of title 5, United States Code) that— 
(1) includes in the notice of the furlough 
made pursuant to section 752.404(b) of title 5, Code of Federal Regulations, ‘‘sequestra-tion’’ as the reason for the furlough; and 
(2) is of a civilian employee of the Depart-
ment of Defense who is paid from amounts in a Working Capital Fund Account pursuant to section 2208 of title 10, United States Code. 
Mr. COLE (during the reading). Mr. 
Chair, I ask unanimous consent to dis-pense with the reading of the amend-ment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection 
to the request of the gentleman from Oklahoma? 
There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 303, the gentleman from Oklahoma and a Member opposed 
each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Oklahoma. 
Mr. COLE. Mr. Chair, I yield myself 
such time as I may consume. 
I am offering a bipartisan amend-
ment which prohibits the furlough of civilian employees while funds remain in the defense working capital fund. The services provided by working cap-ital fund employees are already fully funded apart from the appropriations process. In fact, imposing furloughs ac-tually costs the taxpayers more through delayed production, overhead increases, and the need for overtime or the transfer of workload to more ex-pensive sources of work. The amend-ment will prevent that from happening again as it did in 2013. 
b0030 
If working capital fund employees 
are furloughed, as they were in the last government shutdown, there will be no direct savings. Indeed, it will actually cost the taxpayers more money. 
The furloughs delay production, in-
crease the overhead, and in some cases transfer workload to more expensive sources of work. Indeed, senior mili-tary officials have expressed publicly that working capital fund employees, such as depot and shipyard workers, should be considered for exemption from furloughs because the furloughs actually hurt readiness and increase costs associated with production delays. 
It is important to note that under 
this provision, DOD still has the au-thority to furlough working capital fund employees for disciplinary pur-poses. Further, working capital fund employees could be furloughed if fund-ed workload dried up due to budget cuts or downsizing. Therefore, ending the threat of furloughs for these em-ployees will save money, improve mili-tary readiness, and prevent needless delays and cost overruns from work that has already been funded. 
I urge the support of the amendment. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chairman, I 
claim time in opposition to the gentle-man’s amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Indiana is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chairman, the 
gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. C
OLE), 
my good friend and a member of our subcommittee, puts me in a very dif-ficult position. 
I complained in my opening remarks 
that some of our colleagues in the Con-gress, as I said earlier in the day, de-light every time a civilian employee is furloughed. So I certainly appreciate the gist of the gentleman’s amend-ment. We have a much larger problem that we and the administration need to address, and I know he feels the same way. 
My concern with the particular 
amendment is we have other depart-ments as well, whether it be the De-
partment of Labor, Internal Revenue Service, EPA, Housing and Urban De-velopment, and the list goes on, and ought not to select one agency over the other. I don’t think it is the proper way to go. 
We ought to collectively understand 
that the government actually does many good things to help the people of this country. We ought to value the work of each of our Federal employees, and we ought to block the furlough of any of them in any agency, not a par-ticular one. 
So I certainly do not disagree with 
the intent of the gentleman. I realize we are talking about the Department of Defense, but do believe that we ought to be looking at the broader question. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. COLE. Mr. Chairman, I just want 
to quickly respond to my friend. I share many of his sentiments. I cer-tainly don’t like to see anybody fur-loughed. I was not in favor of previous government shutdowns. I thought they were quite counterproductive. 
This is, however, a unique case. The 
funds are already in existence. There is no savings. We are literally taking peo-ple out of work when we have funds set aside outside the appropriations proc-ess for them to continue their work. So in this case they really deserve to be excepted if we happen to make a mis-take and stumble into a process like this again. 
Again, I don’t disagree with my 
friend’s sentiments about the larger workforce. I have never found these things to be particularly productive. Indeed, as I recall, in every case we have always gone back and made ev-erybody whole, so really the ultimate loser has usually been the taxpayer be-cause we paid for work, created uncer-tainty that our Federal employees didn’t deserve, but ultimately com-pensated them. 
In this case, the funds are available. 
We should just keep people at work. They are doing an important job for the national security. So again, I would urge the passage of the amend-ment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Oklahoma (Mr. C
OLE). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . GRAYSON  
Mr. GRAYSON. Mr. Chairman, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
SEC.ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used to enter into a con-tract with any offeror or any of its principals if the offeror certifies, pursuant to the Fed-eral Acquisition Regulation, that the offeror or any of its principal— 
(1) within a three-year period preceding 
this offer has been convicted of or had a civil judgment rendered against it for commission 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:30 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00118 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JN7.247 H10JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4125 June 10, 2015 
of fraud or a criminal offense in connection 
with obtaining, attempting to obtain, or per-forming a public (Federal, State, or local) contract or subcontract; violation of Federal or State antitrust statutes relating to the submission of offers; or commission of em-bezzlement, theft, forgery, bribery, falsifica-tion or destruction of records, making false statements, tax evasion, violating Federal criminal tax laws, or receiving stolen prop-erty; or 
(2) are presently indicted for, or otherwise 
criminally or civilly charged by a govern-mental entity with, commission of any of the offenses enumerated in paragraph (1); or 
(3) within a three-year period preceding 
this offer, has been notified of any delin-quent Federal taxes in an amount that ex-ceeds $3,000 for which the liability remains unsatisfied. 
Mr. GRAYSON (during the reading). 
Mr. Chair, I ask unanimous consent to waive the reading, please. 
The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection 
to the request of the gentleman from Florida? 
There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 303, the gentleman from Florida and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Florida. 
Mr. GRAYSON. Mr. Chair, the chair-
man of the committee has shown a great deal of courtesy and kindness and consideration, so I am going to try to keep this as short as possible. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Will the gen-
tleman yield? 
Mr. GRAYSON. I yield to the gen-
tleman from New Jersey. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. We are pre-
pared to accept your amendment be-cause it is so incredibly reasonable. 
Mr. GRAYSON. I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Florida (Mr. G
RAYSON ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . GOSAR  
Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chairman, I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following new section: 
SEC.ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used for Government Travel Charge Card expenses by military or civilian personnel of the Department of De-fense for gaming, or for entertainment that includes topless or nude entertainers or par-ticipants, as prohibited by Department of Defense FMR, Volume 9, Chapter 3 and De-partment of Defense Instruction 1015.10 (en-closure 3, 14a and 14b). 
Mr. GOSAR (during the reading). Mr. 
Chairman, I ask unanimous consent to dispense with the reading. 
The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection 
to the request of the gentleman from Arizona? 
There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 303, the gentleman from Arizona and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Arizona. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chairman, I rise to 
offer one final amendment to the DOD Appropriations Act for the fiscal year 2016. 
Let me express again my sincerest 
thanks to Chairman F
RELINGHUYSEN  
and Ranking Member V ISCLOSKY for 
their dedication. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Will the gen-
tleman yield? 
Mr. GOSAR. I yield to the gentleman 
from New Jersey. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair-
man, we will be pleased to accept the gentleman’s amendment. 
Mr. GOSAR. I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Arizona (Mr. G
OSAR ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . GRAYSON  
Mr. GRAYSON. Mr. Chairman, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), add the following new section: 
Sec. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used to consult, as the term is used in reference to the Department of Defense and the National Security Agen-cy, in contravention of the assurance pro-vided in section 20(c)(1)(A) of the National Institute of Standards and Technology Act (15 U.S.C. 278g3(c)(1)(A). 
Mr. GRAYSON (during the reading). 
Mr. Chair, I ask unanimous consent that we waive the reading, please. 
The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection 
to the request of the gentleman from Florida? 
There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 303, the gentleman from Florida and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Florida. 
Mr. GRAYSON. Mr. Chairman, this 
amendment is identical to an amend-ment offered last year that passed the House by voice vote. The amendment seeks to prohibit the intelligence com-munity from subverting or interfering with the integrity of any cryptographic standard that is proposed, developed, or adopted by NIST. I urge continued support for this amendment by both sides of the aisle. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I claim time 
in opposition to the gentleman’s amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from New Jersey is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair-
man, I rise in opposition to the gentle-man’s amendment. Frankly, we don’t know its full impact. It could have some unintended consequences. This amendment could hamper legitimate communications between the intel-ligence community and NIST regarding security standards. This amendment is very broadly drafted. It could prevent NIST from consulting with other intel-
ligence community agencies about that agency’s internal computer system. 
I know it was reported that the 2006 
NIST cryptographic standard had a NASA back door. I want to make it clear that NIST says they did not de-liberately weaken cryptographic stand-ards at the behest of other government agencies. They assure us they will not do so in the future. I urge my col-leagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on this amend-ment, given that assurance. 
Mr. VISCLOSKY. Will the gentleman 
yield? 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I yield to the 
gentleman from Indiana. 
Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chairman, I ap-
preciate the gentleman yielding and would associate myself again with his remarks and objection to the bill. We go to great pains on the subcommittee to protect the privacy of the American people, and I would agree with the as-sertions the chairman has made. I ap-preciate him yielding to me. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Reclaiming 
my time, I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. GRAYSON. Mr. Chairman, let me 
see if I can try to allay some of the concerns that have been expressed. 
My amendment seeks to address a se-
rious problem. A year-and-a-half ago it was revealed that the National Secu-rity Agency deliberately subverted American cryptographic standards. Cryptographic standards for the na-tional security community and the commercial software industry are de-veloped by the National Institute of Standards and Technology, known as NIST. These standards are intended to protect Americans from foreign intel-
ligence agencies, from cyber criminals, from industrial espionage, and from privacy violations by those who wish us harm. 
b0040 
They are embedded in software prod-
ucts which are used and sold widely—in fact, almost universally—in this coun-try and elsewhere. 
Unfortunately, media reports have 
confirmed that the National Security Agency successfully and deliberately weakened encryption standards pro-mulgated by NIST to further NSA sur-veillance goals at the cost of privacy of ordinary U.S. citizens. This is ex-tremely dangerous. It leaves users of those standards vulnerable to anybody who is familiar with those weaknesses, friend or foe. 
As World Wide Web inventor Tim 
Berners-Lee put it: 
It is naive to imagine that, if you delib-
erately introduce a weakness into a system, you will be the only one to use it. 
My amendment would seek to ad-
dress this issue and resolve it once and for all by prohibiting the intelligence community from subverting or inter-fering with the integrity of any cryp-tographic standard that is proposed, developed, or adopted by NIST. 
To be clear about it, the intelligence 
community can continue to provide ad-vice. What the intelligence community 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:30 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00119 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JN7.118 H10JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4126 June 10, 2015 
cannot do is deliberately set out to 
weaken cryptographic standards be-cause whatever it does in that regard will certainly be understood and ex-ploited by our enemies, as we saw just last week when we witnessed the decryption of information regarding classified information and U.S. em-ployees. 
It is only common sense that we 
should not want taxpayers’ dollars that are appropriated to one agency to be used to deliberately and actively sub-vert the work of another agency. 
Therefore, I respectfully request sup-
port for this amendment on both sides of the aisle, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Florida (Mr. G
RAYSON ). 
The amendment was rejected. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . MCCLINTOCK  
Mr. M CCLINTOCK. Mr. Chairman, I 
have an amendment at the desk replac-ing amendment No. 3 printed in the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD . 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used to carry out any of the following: 
(1) Sections 2(b), 2(d), 2(g), 3(c), 3(e), 3(f), or 
3(g) of Executive Order 13423. 
(2) Sections 2(a), 2(b), 2(c), 2(f)(iii-iv), 2(h), 
7, 9, 12, 13, or 16 of Executive Order 13514. 
(3) Sections (3)(b), 3(c), 3(d), 3(e), 3(g), 7, 8, 
9, 11, 12, 13, 14, or 15 of Executive Order 13963. 
(4) Subsections (c)(4), (c)(9), (c)(10), (c)(12), 
or (e) of section 2911 of title 10, United States Code. 
(5) Sections 400AA or 400FF of the Energy 
Policy and Conservation Act (42 U.S.C. 6374, 6374e). 
(6) Section 303 of the Energy Policy Act of 
1992 (42 U.S.C. 13212). 
(7) Section 203 of the Energy Policy Act of 
2005 (42 U.S.C. 15852). 
Mr. M CCLINTOCK (during the read-
ing). Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous consent to dispense with the reading. 
The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection 
to the request of the gentleman from California? 
There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 303, the gentleman from California and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from California. 
Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Chairman, 
this amendment forbids scarce defense dollars from being allocated to fund three executive orders and several other provisions of law that require our military to squander billions of dollars in so-called green energy. The House adopted this amendment by a voice vote last year. 
I would again remind the House that, 
just a few weeks ago, the so-called de-fense hawks warned that our defense budget has been strangled by seques-tration, that every dollar wasted long ago had been wrung out of the Pen-tagon budget, and that our national se-curity was directly imperiled as a re-
sult. 
That argument carried the day, even 
though it will add billions of dollars to the national debt; yet, although we were told we didn’t have enough money to adequately pay and supply troops in the field, it seems that we do have plenty of defense money to indulge the ‘‘green energy’’ mandates that are im-posed on our Armed Forces. 
What truly troubles me is that this 
was all aired during debate on the DOD Appropriations bill last year. The lim-iting amendments were adopted by voice vote; yet we see the same waste being allowed in this year’s bill. 
Let me refresh memories about the 
green energy mandates. The GAO re-ports that these mandates have cost the Navy as much as $150 per gallon for jet fuel. In 2012, the Navy was forced to purchase 450,000 gallons of biofuel for its so-called green fleet at the cost of $26.60 per gallon, when conventional pe-troleum cost just $2.50 per gallon. 
These mandates forced the Air Force 
to pay $59 per gallon for 11,000 gallons of biofuel in 2012. That is 10 times more than regular jet fuel costs. 
It is not just biofuels. Last year, the 
Pentagon was required to purchase over 1,000 Chevy Volts at a subsidized price of $40,000 each. As Senator Coburn’s office pointed out: ‘‘Each one of these $40,000 Chevy Volts represents the choice not to provide an entire in-fantry platoon with all new rifles or 50,000 rounds of ammunition that can-not be used for realistic training.’’ 
These green energy mandates have 
required the Army and Navy to install solar arrays at various facilities. At Naval Station Norfolk, for example, the Navy spent $21 million to install a 10-acre solar array which will supply a grand total of 2 percent of the base electricity. 
According to the inspector general’s 
office, this project will save enough money to pay for itself in just 447 years. It is too bad solar panels only last about 25 years. 
We don’t know exactly how much 
these mandates waste because, as the GAO reports: ‘‘There is currently no comprehensive inventory of which Fed-eral agencies are implementing renew-able energy-related initiatives and the types of initiatives they are imple-menting.’’ 
Outside estimates are as much as $7 
billion for the Department of Defense last year, a figure that is expected to grow in the future. 
We are told this program is necessary 
for flexibility. Really? Shouldn’t ‘‘flexibility’’ free us to get cheaper and more plentiful fuels, not more expen-sive and more exotic ones? 
We are told the military should do its 
part for the environment as if it is pos-sible to fight an environmentally sen-sitive war. That, I fear, is the real rea-son for this wasteful spending, to sac-rifice our military budget on the altar of climate change. 
This is part of an ideological crusade 
imposed on our military that will pointlessly consume billions of defense 
dollars mainly to keep money flowing to politically well-connected ‘‘green energy’’ companies that can’t get any-one else to buy their products. 
There is a reason that Admiral 
Mullen warned us that, in his profes-sional military judgment, the greatest threat to our national security is our national debt. We just increased that debt because of assurances that we had stretched the defense budget to the breaking point. 
As long as this program continues to 
consume billions of our defense dollars, that claim cannot be taken seriously. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chairman, I 
claim time in opposition to the gentle-man’s amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Indiana is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
Mr. VISCLOSKY. I would start my 
remarks by saying the gentleman from California has me at a disadvantage be-cause we just received a copy of the final amendment that was offered in the House. Lines 7 and 8 are new to the amendment and refer to Executive Order No. 13963, which is in addition to other items that I am opposed to. 
I am told that those sections in that 
executive order refer to planning for 
sustainability, but I cannot confirm that to the Members of the House. 
I do rise in strong opposition to the 
gentleman’s amendment. He talks about exotic items—exotic items. The Department of Defense would be blocked from purchasing recycled paper. Let’s not buy recycled paper at the Department of Defense. Now, there is a great idea. 
The Department would be blocked 
from generating renewable energy that might include using tents with photo-voltaic materials that generate solar power onsite for our troops in God-for-saken places on this planet with no other access to energy sources. 
The Department would be blocked 
from considering sites for new Federal facilities that are pedestrian friendly and accessible to, God forbid, public transit. Perhaps we should move the Pentagon because it is near a Metro stop. 
The Department would be blocked 
from cooperating with the Department of Energy’s efforts to maximize the use of alternative fuels for our Federal fleet. 
The Department of Defense is the 
largest purchaser of energy in the United States of America. As a former member of the Congress, I have a pro-found respect for Senator Dick Lugar from Indiana, as he characterized en-ergy. It is not an energy problem so much as it is a national security issue, given where and how much energy we import. 
The Department would also be 
blocked from advancing sustainable ac-quisition by trying to procure either less toxic or more water-efficient alter-natives. My sense is that, in some por-tions of the State of California and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:28 Feb 19, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00120 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUN 15\H10JN5.REC H10JN5bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4127 June 10, 2015 
other areas, they are desperate for a 
couple of extra drops of water, but that might just be too exotic. 
b0050 
These are programs and initiatives 
that make sense, both for the environ-ment and for fiscal responsibility. Moreover, the Department has been a leader in spurring new technologies, and I thought that is what drives the economy in America. 
This amendment is terribly ill-ad-
vised, and I would strongly urge all of my colleagues to oppose it. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Chairman, 
the gentleman is absolutely right. The military is the largest purchaser of en-ergy in our economy. That is exactly the point. 
They should not be forced to pur-
chase energy at vastly inflated prices to soothe the ideological itch of the en-vironmental left. 
No one in his right mind would pull 
into a gas station to pay $26.60 per gal-lon for fuel when the gas station next door is selling it for $2.50. That is ex-actly what these executive orders are requiring our military to do. It is squandering billions of our dollars and making a mockery of any claim that we are stretching our defense dollars to the utmost. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from California (Mr. M
CCLIN-
TOCK ). 
The amendment was agreed to. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair-
man, I move that the Committee do now rise. 
The motion was agreed to. Accordingly, the Committee rose; 
and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. G
UINTA ) having assumed the chair, Mr. 
BOST, Acting Chair of the Committee 
of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 2685) making appropriations for the Department of Defense for the fis-cal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes, had come to no res-olution thereon. 
f 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-
VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF THE SENATE AMENDMENT TO H.R. 1314, ENSURING TAX EX-EMPT ORGANIZATIONS THE RIGHT TO APPEAL ACT, AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF THE SENATE AMENDMENTS TO H.R. 644, FIGHTING HUNGER INCENTIVE ACT OF 2015 
Mr. SESSIONS, from the Committee 
on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 114–146) on the resolution (H. Res. 305) providing for consideration of the Senate amendment to the bill (H.R. 1314) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to ad-verse determinations of tax-exempt status of certain organizations, and 
providing for consideration of the Sen-ate amendments to the bill (H.R. 644) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend and expand the charitable deduction for contribu-tions of food inventory, which was re-ferred to the House Calendar and or-dered to be printed. 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE 
APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2016 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to House Resolution 303 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill, H.R. 2685. 
Will the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. 
B
OST) kindly resume the chair. 
b0053 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved 
itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill (H.R. 2685) making appropriations for the De-partment of Defense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes, with Mr. B
OST(Acting 
Chair) in the chair. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The Acting CHAIR. When the Com-
mittee of the Whole rose earlier today, an amendment offered by the gen-tleman from California (Mr. M
CCLIN-
TOCK ) had been disposed of, and the bill 
had been read through page 162, line 25. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . ELLISON  
Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Chairman, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
SEC. lll . None of the funds made avail-
able in this Act may be used to enter into a contract with any person whose disclosures of a proceeding with a disposition listed in section 2313(c)(1) of title 41, United States Code, in the Federal Awardee Performance and Integrity Information System include the term ‘‘Fair Labor Standards Act’’ and such disposition is listed as ‘‘willful’’ or ‘‘repeated’’. 
Mr. ELLISON (during the reading). 
Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous con-sent that the amendment be considered as read. 
The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection 
to the request of the gentleman from State? 
There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 303, the gentleman from Minnesota and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Minnesota. 
Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Chairman, no 
hard-working American should ever have to worry that her employer will refuse to pay her when she works over-time or takes money out of her pay-check, especially if she works for a Federal contractor. This practice is 
known as wage theft. 
Right now, Federal contractors who 
violate the Fair Labor Standards Act are allowed to apply for Federal con-tracts. This amendment will ensure that funds may not be used to enter into a contract with a government con-tractor that willfully, and this is im-portant, Mr. Chairman, willfully or re-peatedly violates the Fair Labor Standards Act. 
Other iterations of this amendment 
have simply identified any violations of the Fair Labor Standards Act. This one identifies only those contracts wherein the violator has been found to have been willfully or repeatedly in violation. 
Now, I hope that both Republicans 
and Democrats can agree that willful and repeated violations of the Fair Labor Standards Act are unacceptable; that we can find other contractors who do not violate the Fair Labor Stand-ards Act willfully and repeatedly. And this amendment ensures that those in violation of the law do not get tax-payer support. 
It also ensures that honest, good con-
tractors who do not willfully and re-peatedly violate the Fair Labor Stand-ards Act can have contracts. 
Why shouldn’t the Federal Govern-
ment work with contractors who have some modicum of respect for their em-ployees and who do not willfully and repeatedly violate the Fair Labor Standards Act? 
This amendment relies upon the vio-
lations reported to the Federal Award-ee Performance and Integrity Informa-tion System. 
Again, when a contractor applies for 
a Federal contract, there is docu-mentation they have to fill out, includ-ing the Federal Awardee Performance and Integrity Information System, and that system looks back to look at the prior 5 years worth of criminal, civil, or administrative agency actions which have a final disposition. 
None of these things are pending. 
None of these things are under appeal. They have been decided. 
And this amendment says that 
wherein violations of the Fair Labor Standards Act have been decided and determined conclusively, and only in the category of those that have been willful and/or repeated, then those par-ticular contractors are contractors whom the U.S. Government shouldn’t be doing business with, at least for 5 years, until they clean their act up. 
Now, I hope that no one in this body 
would want to stand on the side of the willful and repeated violators of the Fair Labor Standards Act. It is impos-sible to me that any Member would want to do that, particularly when we are trying to promote and do business with honest, decent contractors, or at least average and mediocre contrac-tors. 
This one has gone to the, again, will-
ful and repeated violators. Very dif-ficult to stand next to them, and I hope 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:30 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00121 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JN7.259 H10JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4128 June 10, 2015 
no Member of this body would do such 
a thing. 
The amendment would ensure that a 
single inadvertent violation would not disqualify a contractor. And that is im-portant. I have had some people say, well, what if somebody just messes up one time? 
Well, no, that particular individual 
wouldn’t be hit by this amendment. But the willful and repeated ones would. 
So I think taxpayer money should be 
spent wisely. I think that as the larg-est purchaser of goods and services, the Federal Government must find a way to make sure funds are going to compa-nies that treat their workers fairly and give American families a chance to succeed. 
This is a serious problem, Mr. Chair-
man. The Economic Policy Institute found that ‘‘In total, the average low- wage workers lose a stunning $2,634 per year in unpaid wages, representing as much as 15 percent of their earned in-come.’’ 
A report by the Health, Education, 
Labor and Pensions Committee of the U.S. Senate revealed that 32 percent of the largest Department of Labor pen-alties for wage theft were levied against Federal contractors. 
This is a problem. This is a situation 
that must be remedied. 
b0100 
Similarly, the National Employment 
Law Project study found that 21 per-cent of Federal contract workers were not paid overtime, and 11 percent have been forced to work ‘‘off the clock.’’ 
Upholding the rule of law is a bipar-
tisan issue. I think that we may dis-agree on many things; taxes, spending, we disagree on that. There have even been people in this body who disagree that any violator of the Fair Labor Standards Act should get a contract, but I certainly hope that those people who are repeated—let me repeat—re-peated and willful violators should be excluded at least for 5 years. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair-
man, I rise in opposition to the amend-ment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from New Jersey is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair-
man, we all agree that bad actors who deny workers basic protections, includ-ing wage and overtime pay, shouldn’t be rewarded with government con-tracts funded by taxpayer dollars, but this amendment is unnecessary. 
There is a suspension and debarment 
process already in place under the cur-rent law. If an employer has a history of bad behavior, including ‘‘willful’’ and ‘‘repeated’’ violations of FLSA, the Fair Labor Standards Act, Federal agencies know about it and have the authority to deny that employer Fed-eral contracts. 
A report by the nonpartisan Govern-
ment Accountability Office found that litigation stemming from such claims 
continues to be a significant problem. 
These aren’t all bad actors. Often, 
they are employers trying to do the right thing, but are simply tripped up by an overly complex regulatory sys-tem. 
I may add, Mr. Chairman, this 
amendment was voted down in the Transportation-HUD, Commerce-Jus-tice-State, and Military Construction and Veterans Affairs Subcommittees; and likewise, it should also be on this floor. 
I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote and yield back the 
balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Minnesota (Mr. E
LLISON ). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Chair, I demand a 
recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Minnesota will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . SMITH OF  
MISSOURI  
Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Chair-
man, I have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title) insert the following: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds appropriated 
or otherwise made available in this Act may be used to provide for defense counsel for any individual described in section 8101(c). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 303, the gentleman from Missouri and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Missouri. 
Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Chair-
man, my amendment would prohibit funds from being used to provide de-fense counsel to foreign terrorists de-tained at Guantanamo Bay. 
Simply put, Mr. Chairman, our tax 
dollars should not be going to defend foreign terrorists. Hard-working tax-payers should not foot the legal bill of noncitizen terrorists who plotted to kill innocent Americans. 
I recently visited Guantanamo Bay 
and learned firsthand of the outrageous amount of time these detainees spend with their taxpayer-funded counsel. I have asked the Department of Defense to provide me with the exact amount they have spent in legal defense serv-ices for detainees, but I have received no response. Mr. Chairman, I am sure millions of dollars have been spent de-fending these foreign terrorists. 
Legal resources provided by the De-
partment of Defense should be prioritized for American servicemem-bers. The pool of judge advocates that represents detainees at Guantanamo is a stand-alone unit. They are only as-signed to act as defense attorneys for suspected terrorists. Meanwhile, there is another pool of military lawyers to 
represent all other American service-members. 
Why should the DOD resources be as-
signed to defend foreign terrorists when they could, instead, be used to defend our own men and women in uni-form? I am confident most Americans would agree that this money could be better spent within the Department of Defense, perhaps by making sure that our servicemembers are provided their legal counsel ahead of noncitizen ter-rorists. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chairman, I 
rise in opposition to the gentleman’s amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Indiana is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chairman, I 
rise in strong opposition to the gentle-man’s amendment. 
We have a Constitution in this coun-
try. It contains language talking about the right to be assisted by counsel, and there are many other provisions rel-ative to the protection of individual human beings from the State. 
We are a very large country with ap-
proximately 2 million people in the military. I think one of the great foundational issues in the United States is to protect any human being from that incredible amount of power so that you avoid abuse. 
We have seen enough instances of 
abuse because of allegations of terror-ists, many of whom are very real, mean, despicable people; but to now say that no one should have protection to make sure that that incredible power of the state is used justly and wisely is absolutely wrong. 
We have had any number of Members, 
our colleagues here yesterday and today on this bill, offering amendments because they believe the Department of Energy made a mistake on uniforms for airmen, the Department of Defense made mistakes as far as whether or not we should move helicopters from one base to another, we have made mis-takes as far as how we should have life-saving rescue missions for various as-pects of the Department of Defense po-sitioned throughout our great country. 
What if, God forbid, all these allega-
tions that the Department of State may make mistakes from time to time would actually have an impact on a human being, whoever they are, and that in the last instance, we don’t give them one iota of protection that we give to murderers and rapists and bur-glar and arsonists in this country? 
I think it is absolutely wrong for the 
gentleman to offer this amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Chair-
man, I want to make it simple. 
This amendment is quite clear. If you 
don’t want American tax dollars being spent to protect foreign terrorists who plotted to attack and kill innocent Americans, then vote ‘‘yes.’’ 
I yield back the balance of my time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:30 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00122 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JN7.262 H10JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4129 June 10, 2015 
Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chairman, I 
would just say that, if we are talking about the protection of taxpayers dol-lars, we should be talking about the protection of a human life and to make sure that that life, no matter whose life it is, is protected from the arbi-trary use of power. 
I again strongly oppose the gentle-
man’s amendment that I think is just contrary to the foundational principles of the United States of America. We don’t torture people. We protect peo-ple’s lives in the United States, and now, to withdraw any protection for them is absolutely wrong. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Missouri (Mr. S
MITH). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chairman, I de-
mand a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Indiana will be postponed. 
b0110 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MS . JACKSON LEE  
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
SEC. lll . None of the funds made avail-
able by this Act may be used in contraven-tion of the authority of the President pursu-ant to Article II, section 2 of the Constitu-tion. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 303, the gentlewoman from Texas and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from Texas. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, 
the responsibilities of the President and the responsibilities of the Defense Department continue in this new cli-mate to grow. This has been a long journey in the Defense Appropriations process and amendments on the floor, and I would like to at this hour thank the chairman and the ranking member of the Defense Appropriations Sub-committee for their patience and their participation in the list of amendments that we have had the opportunity to present. 
I am a member of the Homeland Se-
curity Committee. Therefore, I see a lot of the new approaches. 
Mr. VISCLOSKY. Will the gentle-
woman yield? 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. I yield to the 
gentleman from Indiana. 
Mr. VISCLOSKY. I believe the com-
mittee would be delighted to accept your amendment. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. I am delighted, 
and I will finish up. 
I thank the chairman and ranking 
member. The amendment deals with countering violent extremism. I look 
forward to working on this issue. 
Mr. Chair, I want to thank Chairman 
F
RELINGHUYSEN and Ranking Member V IS-
CLOSKY for shepherding this legislation to the 
floor and for their devotion to the security of our country and the world. 
Mr. Chair, thank you for the opportunity to 
explain my amendment, which is simple and straightforward: 
SEC.lll . Nothing in this Act shall be 
construed to contravene the authority of the President under article II, section 2 of the Constitution. 
The purpose of Jackson Lee Amendment 
177 is to affirm the President’s authority under the Constitution. 
Countering violent extremism and pre-
venting the recruitment of American youth into violent extremism and preventing them from becoming foreign fighters for dangerous groups such as ISIL and other radical groups around the globe is a national imperative. 
Earlier this year, I introduced the ‘‘No Fly 
For Foreign Fighters Act,’’ legislation that will help keep foreign fighters and terrorists out of our country. 
In introducing this legislation, I was particu-
larly concerned about terrorist groups recruit-ing our youth. 
In fact, I was part of a special roundtable 
along with DHS Secretary Johnson, in Hous-ton, Texas on ‘‘Youth Engagement and Coun-tering Violent Extremism’’. 
During the discussion, Secretary Johnson 
and I addressed the importance of community engagement in preventing the recruitment of young Americans into terrorist groups. 
The Jackson Lee Amendment will help to 
prevent the recruitment of American youth as foreign fighters, a phenomenon that is unfortu-nately already taking root. 
In March 2009, two-hundred schoolchildren 
in Britain (some as young as thirteen) had been identified and reported by community members—including parents, imams, and teachers—as being at risk of extremism or of being ‘‘groomed by radicalisers.’’ 
At least six boys between the ages of 13 
and 16 were captured by U.S. Forces in Af-ghanistan in the initial fighting there. 
In Iraq, U.S. forces detained more than 100 
juveniles in the first year following the inva-sion, and more than 600 to date. 
In the last few years a number of Somali- 
American young men have traveled to Soma-lia, possibly to train and fight with al-Shabaab. 
At least one of these young men was killed 
during a suicide bombing attack in northern Somalia in October 2008, which is the first known instance of a U.S. citizen participating in a suicide attack. 
Moreover, over 140 United States persons 
have traveled to Syria or Iraq to fight along-side ISIL, the Nusra Front, and other terrorist organizations. 
Although there are no known instances of a 
U.S. person attempting to return from the re-gion after participating in conflict, we must be vigilant against this prospect. 
The Jackson Lee Amendment 177, seeks to 
protect youth and combat the actions of ter-rorist groups like Boko Haram and others who are using social media to bring them to their side. 
The Jackson Lee Amendment is important 
because data shows that individuals recruited as foreign fighters from nations in Africa, Eu-rope, and the Middle East have crossed bor-
ders and wreaked havoc and committed ter-roristic acts including kidnapping of youth simi-lar to what Boko Haram has done. 
Mr. Chair, the United States is committed to 
protecting our youth, preventing and com-bating violent extremism, protecting our bor-ders and the globe from the scourge of ter-rorism and violent extremism. 
The Jackson Lee Amendment will do just 
that. 
Jackson Lee Amendment 177 prevents ter-
rorism by ascertaining that American youth are not seduced into becoming terrorists. 
The Jackson Lee Amendment promotes the 
United States military’s unparalleled expertise and technological capability to combat and de-feat terrorists who hate our country and prey upon our children, innocent persons, women and the elderly across the globe. 
Al Qaeda, Boko Haram, Al Shabaab, ISIS/ 
ISIL and other militant terrorists, including the Sinai’s Ansar Beit al-Maqdis in the Sinai Pe-ninsula are all global and national security threats that must be stopped. 
The Jackson Lee Amendment will support 
the Department of Defense’s efforts to prevent the recruitment of American youth into ter-rorism and the recovery of the still missing Chibok girls from Nigeria. 
I urge my colleagues to support the Jackson 
Lee Amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON  
LEE). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . GUINTA  
Mr. GUINTA. Mr. Chairman, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), add the following new section: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used to propose, plan for, or execute a new or additional Base Realign-ment and Closure (BRAC) round. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 303, the gentleman from New Hampshire and a Member op-posed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from New Hampshire. 
Mr. GUINTA. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
today to offer my amendment to the Defense Appropriations bill to prevent any funds from being used to conduct a new round of military base closures through a process known as Base Re-alignment and Closure, also known as BRAC. 
While President Obama continues to 
discuss the possibility of another round of BRAC as a way to reduce defense spending, we know all too well the neg-ative impacts closing military bases have on our communities, States, na-tional security, and military prepared-ness. 
For more than 200 years, the Ports-
mouth Naval Shipyard has provided thousands of Granite Staters with jobs and contributed millions in revenue and military equipment for the United States Navy. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:30 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00123 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JN7.265 H10JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4130 June 10, 2015 
Today, Portsmouth Naval Shipyard 
has roughly 100 naval officers and en-listed personnel assigned to the facil-ity. In addition, the shipyard employs roughly 4,700 civilian employees and of-fers an active apprentice and engineer recruitment program in the commu-nities surrounding the facility. This base is more than just helpful to our local economy and our military readi-ness. Portsmouth Naval Shipyard is ab-solutely essential to New Hampshire. Portsmouth Naval Shipyard is one of only four shipyards remaining in the country. Each of these facilities has a mission to overhaul, repair, and mod-ernize our Nation’s submarine fleet. These services are vital toward main-taining fleet readiness. 
I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ 
on this amendment to show our unwav-ering support for our men and women in arms. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chairman, I 
claim the time in opposition to the gentleman’s amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Indiana is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chairman, 
while I claim the time in opposition to the amendment, I wouldn’t express it, if you would, that I will oppose his amendment, but I do want to express some very serious concerns. 
The concern I have is that we do need 
to begin to think about future budgets for the Department of Defense; and as I have mentioned repeatedly tonight, we are going to have to start making some hard decisions, and changes will have to be made and cuts will have to be made. I am very concerned about Congress’ continued failure to confront the challenges that we face at the De-partment of Defense and simply saying no, no, no, and that we shouldn’t even consider any possible changes. 
The Department of Defense has con-
tinuously proposed significant initia-tives to provide for future flexibility to meet our national security strategy, and Congress has said no, no, no. I sim-ply do not think we should foreclose any options to consider in order to pos-sibly, God forbid, save money in the outyears. 
A BRAC round is a reasonable ap-
proach that provides Congress a chance to say yes or no, and I would make the observation again that we have got to stop saying no to everything that the Department of Defense considers. In this case, I am not even aware there is a proposal for a BRAC, but let’s say no anyway. I think we have to stop doing it. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GUINTA. Mr. Chairman, I cer-
tainly appreciate the gentleman’s con-cerns. While I certainly hope that there is no BRAC round, there are concerns expressed by Members relative to the President’s comments in this area as a method of reducing defense spending. 
We have gone through sequestration. 
I have seen firsthand the concerns ex-pressed by the civilian employees at 
the Portsmouth Naval Shipyard. They are the best and the brightest in the business, and I feel very strongly that this is important to New Hampshire and important to the defense of our Na-tion. 
I certainly share the concern and 
welcome the opportunity to look at the Department of Defense to try to find efficiencies and effectiveness to make sure that our men and women are prop-erly prepared, but I feel that a BRAC realignment would be inappropriate at this time. I hope that Members would support this amendment. 
I thank Chairman F
RELINGHUYSEN  
and the rest of the committee for their hard work on this legislation. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from New Hampshire (Mr. G
UINTA ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . MASSIE  
Mr. MASSIE. Mr. Chairman, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following new section: 
SEC.ll. (a) Except as provided in sub-
section (b), none of the funds made available by this Act may be used by an officer or em-ployee of the United States to query a collec-tion of foreign intelligence information ac-quired under section 702 of the Foreign Intel-ligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1881a) using a United States person identi-fier. 
(b) Subsection (a) shall not apply to que-
ries for foreign intelligence information au-thorized under section 105, 304, 703, 704, or 705 of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1805; 1842; 1881b; 1881c; 1881d), or title 18, United States Code, re-gardless of under what Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act authority it was collected. 
(c) Except as provided for in subsection (d), 
none of the funds made available by this Act may be used by the National Security Agen-cy or the Central Intelligence Agency to mandate or request that a person (as defined in section 101(m) of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1801(m))) alter its product or service to permit the electronic surveillance (as defined in section 101(f) of such Act (50 U.S.C. 1801(f))) of any user of such product or service for such agen-cies. 
(d) Subsection (c) shall not apply with re-
spect to mandates or requests authorized under the Communications Assistance for Law Enforcement Act (47 U.S.C. 1001 et seq.). 
Mr. MASSIE (during the reading). 
Mr. Chair, I ask unanimous consent to dispense with the reading of the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection 
to the request of the gentleman from Kentucky? 
There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 303, the gentleman from Kentucky and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Kentucky. 
Mr. MASSIE. Mr. Chairman, the 
American people don’t want to be spied on by their own government. Our 
Founding Fathers included the Fourth Amendment for a reason: to require probable cause and a warrant before the government and government agents can snoop on anyone. 
During the 113th Congress, the House 
of Representatives passed the bipar-tisan amendment I am offering today by a 293–123 vote. This year, our bipar-tisan group is reuniting once again to shut down unconstitutional surveil-lance that does not meet the expecta-tions of our constituents or the stand-ards required by our Constitution. 
Our amendment shuts one form of 
backdoor surveillance by prohibiting warrantless searches of government databases for information that pertains to U.S. citizens. 
The Director of National Intelligence 
has confirmed that the government searches vast amounts of data, includ-ing the content of emails and telephone calls without individual suspicion or probable cause. 
b0120 
At this time, I submit for the R
ECORD  
a letter from the Director of National Intelligence, which confirms this warrantless spying. 
DIRECTOR OF NATIONAL INTELLIGENCE , 
Washington, DC, March 28, 2014. 
Hon. R ONWYDEN , 
U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. 
D
EARSENATOR WYDEN : During the January 
29, 2014, Worldwide Threat hearing, you cited declassified court documents from 2011 indi-cating that NSA sought and obtained the au-thority to query information collected under Section 702 of the Foreign Intelligence and Surveillance Act (FISA), using U.S. person identifiers, and asked whether any such que-ries had been conducted for the communica-tions of specific Americans. 
As reflected in the August 2013 Semiannual 
Assessment of Compliance with Procedures and Guidelines issued Pursuant to Section 702, which we declassified and released on August 21, 2013, there have been queries, using U.S. person identifiers, of communicatons lawfully acquired to obtain foreign intelligence by targeting non U.S. persons reasonably believed to be located outside the U.S. pursuant to Section 702 of FISA. These queries were performed pursu-
ant to minimization procedures approved by the FISA Court as consistent with the stat-ute and the Fourth Amendment. As you know, when Congress reauthorized Section 702, the proposal to restrict such queries was specifically raised and ultimately not adopt-ed. 
For further assistance, please do not hesi-
tate to contact Deirdre M. Walsh in the Of-fice of Legislative Affairs. 
Sincerely, 
J
AMES R. C LAPPER . 
Mr. MASSIE. Mr. Chairman, the Di-
rector of the FBI has also confirmed that he uses the information to build criminal cases against U.S. persons, but the Director of National Intel-ligence and the FBI are not above the Fourth Amendment, and this practice should end. 
At this time, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to 
the gentlewoman from California (Ms. L
OFGREN ), my colleague. 
Ms. LOFGREN. Mr. Chairman, I 
thank the gentleman for yielding in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:30 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00124 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JN7.271 H10JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4131 June 10, 2015 
support of the Massie-Lofgren amend-
ment. 
As mentioned, the declassified FISA 
court decision has indicated that sub-stantially more warrantless commu-nications are collected through 702 than 215. 
We had a bill up to recently, the USA 
FREEDOM Act, that alleged that we were stopping bulk collection, but we didn’t. During the markup of that bill in the Judiciary Committee, we offered this amendment; and everyone on the committee, including the chairman of the committee, said they were for this provision, but it wasn’t the right time. Well, this is the right time. 
That is why we have this broad sup-
port. It is the Massie-Lofgren-Sensen-brenner-Conyers-Poe-Gabbard-Jordan- O’Rourke. It is broad; it is bipartisan. It is supported by groups like the American Civil Liberties Union, as well as the Campaign for Liberty, Demand Progress, as well as FreedomWorks. This has broad bipartisan support. 
The American people deserve this. 
When we have an interest in querying the 702 database for American citizens, get a warrant. That is what the Fourth Amendment requires. 
Finally, this closes the opportunity 
to require backdoors on technology. As has been mentioned earlier by tech-nologists and scientists, to do that just opens a door wide open for the bad guys and the hackers to break in. 
Mr. MASSIE. Mr. Chairman, as my 
colleague stated, my amendment also prohibits NSA and the CIA from plac-ing backdoors into commercial prod-ucts. 
This is important because, in Decem-
ber of 2013, it was reported that a U.S. security company had received $10 mil-lion from the NSA to use a flawed encryption method. Our government should strengthen technology that pro-tects our privacy, not take advantage of it. 
At this time, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair-
man, I claim the time in opposition. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from New Jersey is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair-
man, this amendment restricts the use of section 702 of FISA, which is not currently up for reauthorization. 
The law does not sunset until Decem-
ber of 2017. Any reform to this author-ity should be fully vetted by the au-thorizing committees and not inappro-priately attached to our spending bill. 
This amendment would impose great-
er restrictions on the intelligence com-munity’s ability to protect national se-curity and create an impediment to our government’s ability to locate threat information already in our govern-ment’s possession. Such an impediment would potentially put American lives at risk of another terrorist attack. 
Colleagues, the House recently 
passed H.R. 3361, the USA FREEDOM Act, with overwhelmingly bipartisan support. It was signed into law last 
week. This amendment seeks to reliti-gate an issue fully litigated in the drafting of that legislation. A similar amendment was offered and rejected by the House Judiciary Committee during its markup of that bill. 
The USA FREEDOM Act does include 
two reforms related to section 702 col-lection. These were reforms properly considered during the authorization process, not slapped on an appropria-tions bill without consideration and de-liberation. 
The first limits the government’s use 
of information about U.S. persons that is obtained under section 702 that the FISA court later determines to be un-lawful. The second provision requires the Director of National Intelligence to report annually the number of U.S. 
person queries under section 702. 
Under current law, a U.S. person can 
only be the target of an intelligence gathering under FISA pursuant to an individualized court order based upon probable cause. The intelligence com-munity is allowed to query commu-nications it legally collects from for-eigners for information about a U.S. person, so long as the query itself has foreign intelligence value. 
This is no different from traditional 
criminal law. If the government has a legal wiretap on a drug dealer’s cell phone and records a conversation where a second drug dealer talks about committing a murder, police can use that phone call as evidence against a second drug dealer in a murder trial. What matters is that the initial wire-tap—or, here, the initial targeting of the foreign terrorist—was legal. 
Colleagues, this is an issue critical to 
our national security, and it is com-plicated. Any changes to section 702 should be fully evaluated and voted on using the authorization committee process, which is the appropriate chan-nel for considered review and debate on this critical issue. 
Unfortunately, this amendment has 
not benefited from the work of the au-thorization process and would poten-tially put American lives at greater risk for another terrorist attack. That is not a risk many of us or certainly I am willing to take. 
For this reason and many others, I 
strongly oppose this amendment, and I urge my colleagues to do the same. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MASSIE. Mr. Chairman, how 
much time do I have remaining? 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Kentucky has 1
1⁄2minutes re-
maining. 
Mr. MASSIE. At this time, I yield 45 
seconds to the gentlewoman from Cali-fornia (Ms. L
OFGREN ). 
Ms. LOFGREN. Mr. Chairman, I 
thank the gentleman for yielding. 
The unclassified FISA court reported 
that the 702 search had, in fact, scooped up vast amounts of wholly do-mestic information. How does this work? 
The upstream communications are 
tapped into by the NSA. In the digital world, your digital information, your 
domestic information is stored throughout the world. It is scooped up, and it is used. 
The FBI has indicated it is used and 
the DNI has indicated it is used for wholly domestic purposes without a warrant routinely thousands, tens of thousands of times. It is in violation of the Fourth Amendment, and it must stop. 
I would just say, on the Judiciary 
Committee, every member of the com-mittee who declined to support this amendment said they were for the amendment and said we should offer it to the DOD appropriations bill. 
Mr. MASSIE. Mr. Chairman, now, it 
has been said here tonight that this is not the time or the place to address these problems with 702, but, look, we have a constitutional crisis, and this was the excuse we were given in the Judiciary Committee when my col-league tried to get the amendment al-lowed there. 
It was the same excuse I was given in 
the Rules Committee when we had an opportunity to address this, and I would maintain that 2017, 2 years from now, is too long to go in this constitu-tional crisis situation where we recog-nize something that illegal and/or un-constitutional is occurring; yet we don’t do anything about it. This is the time to do something about it; this is the place to do something about it. 
I urge my colleagues to vote for this 
amendment, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Kentucky (Mr. M
ASSIE ). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. MASSIE. Mr. Chairman, I de-
mand a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Kentucky will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MRS . ELLMERS OF  
NORTH CAROLINA  
Mrs. ELLMERS of North Carolina. 
Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair-
man, I reserve a point of order on the gentlewoman’s amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A point of order 
is reserved. 
The Clerk will report the amend-
ment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title) insert the following: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds appropriated 
or otherwise made available by this Act may be used to deactivate the 440th airlift wing, or to move the personnel or aircraft of the 440th airlift wing, or to otherwise degrade the capabilities of the 440th airlift wing. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 303, the gentlewoman from North Carolina and a Member op-posed each will control 5 minutes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:30 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00125 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JN7.275 H10JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4132 June 10, 2015 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from North Carolina. 
b0130 
Mrs. ELLMERS of North Carolina. 
Mr. Chairman, I rise today to continue my fight against the Air Force’s mis-guided decision to shutter the 440th Airlift Wing. 
As I have stated time and time again, 
the removal of the 440th Airlift Wing at Pope Army Airfield injects avoidable and unreasonable risks to our military readiness. Given the instability and un-certainty in the Middle East and around the world, I find it baffling that the Air Force has chosen to close such an efficient airlift wing that provides critical training to special operations forces and units such as the 82nd Airborne’s Global Response Force. 
I have failed to see the true cost sav-
ings and any benefits associated with this shortsighted proposal, and I will continue working with my colleagues to pursue every option possible in order to prevent the closure of the wing. Fur-thermore, I find it troubling that the Air Force has made a concerted effort to hollow out this wing before allowing congressional efforts to come to fru-ition. 
Mr. Chairman, I simply lack the con-
fidence that there will be no negative impacts to the training of Fort Bragg paratroopers and special operations forces. I will, therefore, continue to work with my North Carolina col-leagues to prevent its closure. 
I believe that this is a necessary ef-
fort to preserve the 440th Airlift Wing because of the vital and unique train-ing mission that it has at Fort Bragg with our paratroopers. Our para-troopers have to be packed and ready at any given moment for their Global Response Force. I have paratroopers who simply live day-to-day, ready to leave at a moment’s notice—within hours—around the world. 
I believe that this is, again, a short-
sighted, myopic decision on the Air Force’s part, and I believe we need to be protected. 
I reserve the balance of my time. 
POINT OF ORDER  
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair-
man, I insist on my point of order. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
will state his point of order. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair-
man, I make a point of order against the amendment because it proposes to change existing law, and it constitutes legislation on an appropriations bill. Therefore, it violates clause 2 of rule XXI. 
The rule states in pertinent part: ‘‘An amendment to a general appro-
priations bill shall not be in order if changing existing law.’’ 
The amendment requires a new deter-
mination. 
I ask for a ruling from the Chair. The Acting CHAIR. Does any other 
Member wish to be heard on the point of order? 
If not, the Chair will rule. The Chair finds that this amendment 
includes language requiring a new de-termination by the relevant Federal of-ficial of which actions would degrade given capabilities. 
The amendment, therefore, con-
stitutes legislation in violation of clause 2 of rule XXI. 
The point of order is sustained, and 
the amendment is not in order. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . ROHRABACHER  
Mr. ROHRABACHER. Mr. Chairman, 
I have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), add the following: 
SEC. l. None of the funds made available 
in this Act may be used to provide assistance to Pakistan. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 303, the gentleman from California and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from California. 
Mr. ROHRABACHER. Mr. Chairman, 
I rise in support of my amendment to H.R. 2685, which would prevent any funds in this bill from being provided to Pakistan. 
Over the last 15 years, the United 
States has provided Pakistan with over $25 billion, the vast majority of which has gone to its military and security services. With this money, which we are giving them at a time when we are borrowing hundreds of billions of dol-lars, Pakistan is using it to subsidize terrorists, some of whom are targeting Americans. 
Just as bad, our largess enables Paki-
stan to repress its own citizens. Our military aid is being used to murder and brutalize the Baloch and Sindhi peoples, who are citizens of Pakistan. The Baloch people are being slaugh-tered as part of a campaign by Paki-stan, in partnership with China, to steal the natural resources of the Baloch people. With our money, the Pakistanis are, in fact, murdering and repressing their own people, and they are aggressing upon their neighbors in Afghanistan and in India. 
They also have, as we have heard, a 
much hyped cooperation against ter-rorism. I would suggest to my col-leagues that this is a charade. This is the same Pakistan establishment that gave shelter to Osama bin Laden for years—Osama bin Laden, the mass murderer of Americans on 9/11. The es-tablishment of Pakistan gave him shel-ter and gave him a place to hide all of those years, making a fool out of us as we provided them money. 
In case there is any doubt that they 
knew about Osama bin Laden’s hiding next-door, they rubbed our noses in their arrogance and hostility when they arrested Dr. Afridi, the Pakistani doctor who helped us find Osama bin Laden and bring him to justice. As we talk tonight, Dr. Afridi still painfully languishes in a Pakistani dungeon. While Dr. Afridi is imprisoned, Paki-stan should not get 1 cent of aid from 
our country. This is an insult to us, and it is an insult to the victims of 9/ 11 that we are even considering giving money to the country which hid Osama bin Laden from us, much less giving them borrowed money, perhaps, from China. 
Now we see we borrow money from 
China and give it to Pakistan, which then gives it to China. In exchange, of course, China is getting the natural re-sources of Pakistan, of the Baloch peo-ple, and they are, in fact, getting a pork facility in Qatar. 
Our aid to Pakistan does not make us 
safer or the world more peaceful. The Pakistanis and other enemies of ours see it as a weakness on our part. This payoff we hope, of course, will bring more peace and will pay the Pakistanis off. No. It emboldens the Pakistani es-tablishment in their criminal violence against their own people and in their destabilizing violence against Afghani-stan and India. Let us note: if we want to have a peaceful situation in Afghan-istan someday, we cannot keep sub-sidizing the ISI and the military in Pakistan, which is primarily respon-sible for that mayhem that is going on in Afghanistan. 
b0140 
The people of Afghanistan know that, 
and our own specialists know that. We are just hoping if we pay people off, things will settle down. It hasn’t ac-complished that mission. We have emboldened our enemies by being stu-pid by giving money to a country like Pakistan, which obviously hates our guts, when they hide the man who mur-dered thousands of people on 9/11 and then suggest they didn’t know it, and then arrest the person who helped us find that murderer. 
I would ask my colleagues to join me 
in prohibiting any more of our money— especially borrowed money, as we are borrowing it today—from going to these people in Pakistan, the leader-ship who are committing crimes against us. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from California (Mr. R
OHR-
ABACHER ). 
The amendment was rejected. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . NUGENT  
Mr. NUGENT. Mr. Chairman, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used to retire conven-tionally armed air launched cruise missiles (AGM–86 C/D). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 303, the gentleman from Florida and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Florida. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:30 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00126 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JN7.277 H10JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4133 June 10, 2015 
Mr. NUGENT. Mr. Chairman, I offer a 
very simple amendment that would help keep America’s strategic forces 
strong and robust. My amendment would make sure that the U.S. Air Force keeps the air-launched cruise missile in their arsenal. That is the AGM–86 and its variants C and D. 
The replacement missile, which I 
agree needs to happen, the long-range standoff weapon, has faced continuous delays. At this point, the replacement missile still remains years and years away from fielding. 
I would like to applaud Chairman 
F
RELINGHUYSEN and the committee for 
taking action in light of the numerous setbacks and delays of this program by appropriately rephasing funds in the underlying bill. 
With such development uncertainty, 
I am disappointed to say that further delays are almost guaranteed. 
In this high-threat environment, 
with heightened Russian aggression, their violations of the INF Treaty, which are now public, and also hostile Chinese adventurism in the South Pa-cific, we need to ensure that this Na-tion’s defense is without a gap. 
We simply can’t afford to take these 
weapons out of the arsenal at this cur-rent moment until a replacement is up and operational. It is critically impor-tant that we maintain our existing in-ventory. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Will the gen-
tleman yield? 
Mr. NUGENT. I yield to the gen-
tleman from New Jersey. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair-
man, I would like to thank the gen-tleman from Florida for yielding. 
Let me say, we admire his strong 
conviction and advocacy for this pro-gram. We are prepared to accept his amendment with the understanding that we will need to study and discuss it with the Air Force to understand its full impact. 
Mr. NUGENT. I absolutely appreciate 
the chairman doing that and would love to work with him. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I thank the 
gentleman. 
Mr. NUGENT. I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Florida (Mr. N
UGENT ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . FORBES  
Mr. FORBES. Mr. Chairman, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
Sec. ll (a) Notwithstanding section 8005 
and 9003, of the unobligated funds authorized to be appropriated in fiscal year 2016 and made available in this Act, $3,500,000,000 is available to transfer to the National Sea- Based Deterrence Fund established by sec-tion 2218a of title 10, United States Code, as authorized by subsection (b) of section 1022 of Public Law 113–291. 
Mr. FORBES (during the reading). 
Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous con-sent that we waive the reading of the 
amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection 
to the request of the gentleman from Virginia? 
There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 303, the gentleman from Virginia and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Virginia. 
Mr. FORBES. Mr. Chairman, this is 
the second part of a two-part amend-ment that deals with the sea-based de-terrence fund. We began this 4 weeks ago when the Armed Services Com-mittee put in this fund. We, at that particular point in time, transferred $1.4 billion to the fund. In addition to that, we gave authorities for additional moneys to be transferred by the De-partment of Defense. Four weeks ago, we had 375 Members who voted in favor of that provision. When it was chal-lenged on the floor a few hours ago, we had 321 Members who have supported that. All of the same individuals are supporting this fund that did so earlier. 
I could repeat all that, but we have 
already done that, so I would just say all of the arguments we had earlier and all of the people who supported it then continue to support it now. I hope the will of the House will prevail and that the amendment will be accepted. If not, I hope it will be adopted by the House. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Virginia (Mr. F
ORBES ). 
The amendment was agreed to. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair-
man, I move that the Committee do now rise. 
The motion was agreed to. 
Accordingly, the Committee rose; 
and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. F
ORBES ) having assumed the chair, Mr. 
BOST, Acting Chair of the Committee 
of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 2685) making appropriations for the Department of Defense for the fis-cal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes, had come to no res-olution thereon. 
f 
APPOINTMENT OF MEMBERS ON 
THE PART OF THE HOUSE TO THE UNITED STATES GROUP OF THE NATO PARLIAMENTARY AS-SEMBLY 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair announces the Speaker’s ap-pointment, pursuant to 22 U.S.C. 1928a, and the order of the House of January 6, 2015, of the following Members on the part of the House to the United States Group of the NATO Parliamentary As-sembly: 
Mr. L
ARSON , Connecticut 
Mr. D AVID SCOTT, Georgia 
Ms. F RANKEL , Florida 
Mr. C ONNOLLY , Virginia SENATE BILLS REFERRED 
Bills of the Senate of the following 
titles were taken from the Speaker’s table and, under the rule, referred as follows: 
S. 611. An act to amend the Safe Drinking 
Water Act to reauthorize technical assist-ance to small public water systems, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
S. 653. An act to amend the Water Re-
sources Research Act of 1984 to reauthorize grants for and require applied water supply research regarding the water resources re-search and technology institutes established under that Act; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, 
I move that the House do now adjourn. 
The motion was agreed to; accord-
ingly (at 1 o’clock and 48 minutes a.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until today, Wednes-day, June 11, 2015, at 10 a.m. for morn-ing-hour debate. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, 
ETC. 
Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
1772. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-
ment of Defense, transmitting a letter on the approved retirement of Lieutenant General Michael T. Linnington, United States Army, and his advancement to the grade of lieuten-ant general on the retired list; to the Com-mittee on Armed Services. 
1773. A letter from the Acting Assistant 
General Counsel for Regulatory Services, Of-
fice of the General Counsel, Postsecondary Education, Department of Education, trans-mitting the Department’s final rule — Final Priorities, Requirements, Definitions, and Selection Criterion —— First in the World Program [Docket No.: ED-2015-OPE-0001; CFDA Nos.: 84.116F and 84.116X] received June 8, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
1774. A letter from the Assistant General 
Counsel for Legislation, Regulation and En-ergy Efficiency, Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy, Department of En-ergy, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Energy Conservation Program: Clari-fication for Energy Conservation Standards and Test Procedures for Fluorescent Lamp Ballasts [Docket No.: EERE-2009-BT-TP-0016] (RIN: 1904-AB99) received June 8, 2015, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
1775. A letter from the Director, Regula-
tions Policy and Management Staff, FDA, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Listing of Color Additives Exempt From Cer-tification; Synthetic Iron Oxide; Confirma-tion of Effective Date [Docket No.: FDA-2013- C-1008) received June 8, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 
1776. A letter from the Director, Regula-
tions Policy and Management Staff, FDA, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Postmarketing Safety Reports for Human Drug and Biological Products; Electronic Submission Requirements; Delay of Compli-ance Date; Safety Reporting Portal of Elec-tronic Submission of Postmarketing Safety 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:30 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00127 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JN7.283 H10JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4134 June 10, 2015 
Reports for Human Drugs and Nonvaccine 
Biological Products [Docket No.: FDA-2008- N-0334] (RIN: 0910-AF96) received June 8, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
1777. A letter from the Director, Regula-
tions Policy and Management Staff, FDA, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Banned Devices; General Provisions; Tech-nical Amendment [Docket No.: FDA-2015-N- 0011] received June 8, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 
1778. A letter from the Director, Regula-
tions Policy and Management Staff, FDA, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Veterinary Feed Directive [Docket No.: FDA-2010-N-0155] (RIN: 0910-AG95) received June 8, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
1779. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Approval and Pro-mulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Iowa; Grain Vacuuming Best Manage-ment Practices (BMPs) and Rescission Rules [EPA-R07-OAR-2015-0358; FRL-9928-90-Region 7] received June 5, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
1780. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Revisions to the Cali-fornia State Implementation Plan, Butte County Air Quality Management District, Feather River Air Quality Management Dis-trict, and San Luis Obispo County Air Pollu-tion Control District [EPA-R09-OAR-2015- 0246; FRL-9928-09-Region 9] received June 5, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
1781. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Rhode Island; Decommissioning of Stage II Vapor Recovery Systems and Amending Stage I Vapor Recovery Requirements [EPA-R01- OAR-2013-0818; A-1-FRL-9928-86-Region 1] re-ceived June 5, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
1782. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; State of New Mexico; Infrastructure Requirements for the 2008 Lead National Ambient Air Qual-ity Standard and Repeal of Cement Kilns Rule [EPA-R06-OAR-2011-0821; FRL-9928-80- Region 6] received June 5, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 
1783. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; New Mexico; Transportation Conformity and Con-formity of General Federal Actions [EPA- R06-OAR-2011-0938; FRL-9928-79-Region 6] re-ceived June 5, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
1784. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Implementation Plans; West Virginia; Re-gional Haze Five-Year Progress Report State Implementation Plan [EPA-R03-OAR-2013- 0423; FRL-9928-78-Region 3] received June 5, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the 
Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
1785. A letter from the Director, Defense 
Security Cooperation Agency, Department of Defense, transmitting notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer and Acceptance to the Republic of Korea, pursuant to Sec. 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended, Pub. L. 94-329, Transmittal No.: 15- 24; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
1786. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, 
Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting notification that the President has directed the Secretary of State to inform the Speaker of the House of Representatives of his intent to exercise his authority to des-ignate Tunisia as a Major Non-NATO Ally, pursuant to Sec. 517 of the Foreign Assist-ance Act of 1961, as amended, (FAA), (22 U.S.C. 2321k); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
1787. A letter from the General Counsel, 
Department of Commerce, transmitting for consideration, draft legislation to extend, by 15 years, the authority of the Secretary of Commerce to conduct the Quarterly Finan-cial Report program; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
1788. A letter from the Chairwoman, Elec-
tion Assistance Commission, transmitting the Semiannual Report of the Office of In-spector General for the period from October 1, 2014, to March 31, 2015, pursuant to the In-spector General Act of 1978, as amended; to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. 
1789. A letter from the Administrator, En-
vironmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting the Agency’s Semiannual Report to Congress, of the Office of Inspector General, pursuant to Pub. L. 95-452, the Inspector General Act of 1978; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
1790. A letter from the President and Chief 
Executive Officer, Federal Home Loan Bank of Pittsburgh, transmitting the 2014 State-ment on System of Internal Controls of the Federal Home Loan Bank of Pittsburgh, pur-suant to 31 U.S.C. 9106, and the Bank’s 2014 audited financial statements; to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. 
1791. A letter from the Director of National 
Intelligence, Intelligence Community, trans-mitting the Semiannual Report of the In-spector General of the Intelligence Commu-nity from October 1, 2014, through March 31, 2015, pursuant to Sec. 103H of the National Security Act of 1947, as amended; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
1792. A letter from the Director, Office of 
Personnel Management, transmitting the Semiannual Report of the Inspector General and the Management Response for the period of October 1, 2014, to March 31, 2015, pursuant to Sec. 5 of Pub. L. 95-452, as amended; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
1793. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-
ment of Energy, transmitting the ‘‘Fiscal Year 2014 Naval Petroleum Reserves Annual Report of Operations’’, prepared by the Of-fice of Fossil Energy, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 7431(c); to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 
1794. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, 
U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Lake-side July 4th Fireworks, Lake Erie; Lake-side, OH [Docket No.: USCG-2015-0388] (RIN: 1625-AA00) received June 8, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
1795. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, 
U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zones, Cap-
tain of the Port New Orleans Zone [Docket No.: USCG-2014-1069] (RIN: 1625-AA00) re-ceived June 8, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
1796. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, 
U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Safety Zones; Fireworks Dis-plays in the Sector Columbia River Captain of the Port Zone [Docket No.: USCG-2014- 0300] (RIN: 1625-AA00) received June 8, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 
1797. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, 
U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Great Lakes Pilotage Rates — 2015 Annual Review and Adjustment [Docket No.: USCG-2014-0481] (RIN: 1625-AC22) re-ceived June 8, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
1798. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, 
U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Loading and Outbound Transit of TUG THOMAS and BARGE OCEANUS, Savannah River; Savan-nah, GA [Docket No.: USCG-2015-0280] (RIN: 1625-AA00) received June 8, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
1799. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, 
U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Drawbridge Oper-ation Regulation; Biscayne Bay, Miami Beach, FL [Docket No.: USCG-2014-0719] (RIN: 1625-AA09) received June 8, 2015, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
1800. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, 
U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Detroit Belle Isle Grand Prix, Detroit River; Detroit, MI [Docket No.: USCG-2015-0389] (RIN: 1625- AA00) received June 8, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
1801. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, 
U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s in-terim final rule — Special Local Regulation, Annual Dragon Boat Races, Portland Oregon [Docket No.: USCG-2015-0453] (RIN: 1625- AA08) received June 8, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
1802. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; GROB-WERKE Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2015-0415; Directorate Identifier 2015- CE-001-AD; Amendment 39-18152; AD 2015-09- 06] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received June 5, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of the rule XIII, re-
ports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. SESSIONS: Committee on Rules. 
House Resolution 305. Resolution providing for consideration of the Senate amendment to the bill (H.R. 1314) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:30 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00128 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L10JN7.000 H10JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4135 June 10, 2015 
an administrative appeal relating to adverse 
determinations of tax-exempt status of cer-tain organizations, and providing for consid-eration of the Senate amendments to the bill (H.R. 644) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend and ex-pand the charitable deduction for contribu-tions of food inventory (Rept. 114–146). Re-ferred to the House Calendar. 
f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XII, public 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD: 
H.R. 2709. A bill to authorize the Secretary 
of Health and Human Services to award grants for career support for skilled inter-nationally-educated health professionals; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. BISHOP of Utah (for himself, 
Mr. L
ATTA , Mr. B ABIN, Mr. P EARCE , 
Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. L AM-
BORN , Mr. W ESTERMAN , Mr. L AMALFA , 
Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, Mr. F RANKS of 
Arizona, Mr. P OMPEO , Mr. S MITH of 
Texas, Mr. C OOK, Mr. H UNTER , Mr. 
MILLER of Florida, Mr. S TEWART , Mr. 
FARENTHOLD , Mr. C HABOT , Mr. J ONES , 
Mr. R USSELL , Mr. N EWHOUSE , Mr. 
VALADAO , Mr. C RAMER , Mr. Z INKE, 
Mr. N UNES , Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. H URD 
of Texas, Mr. H UELSKAMP , Mr. O LSON , 
Mr. G OSAR , Mr. C RAWFORD , Mr. F LEM-
ING, Mr. H ARPER , Mr. H UDSON , Mr. 
CRENSHAW , Mr. E MMER of Minnesota, 
Mrs. B LACKBURN , Mr. B OUSTANY , Mr. 
SMITH of Nebraska, Mr. G RAVES of 
Georgia, Mr. M CCLINTOCK , Mr. J ODY 
B. H ICEof Georgia, Mr. A MODEI , Mr. 
WOMACK , Mr. B UCK, Mrs. L OVE, Mr. 
SALMON , Mr. C UELLAR , Mr. R OTHFUS , 
Mr. C HAFFETZ , and Mr. D UNCAN of 
South Carolina): 
H.R. 2710. A bill to revise various laws that 
interfere with the right of the people to ob-tain and use firearms for all lawful purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mrs. BLACK: 
H.R. 2711. A bill to delay the provision of 
the Affordable Care Act premium and cost- sharing subsidies until the eligibility verification process for such subsidies is completed, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mrs. BLACK (for herself and Mr. 
T
HOMPSON of California): 
H.R. 2712. A bill to streamline the em-
ployer reporting process and strengthen the eligibility verification process for the health care premium tax credit and cost-sharing subsidy, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mrs. CAPPS (for herself and Mr. 
J
OYCE ): 
H.R. 2713. A bill to amend title VIII of the 
Public Health Service Act to extend ad-vanced education nursing grants to support clinical nurse specialist programs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy 
and Commerce. 
By Mr. CONYERS (for himself, Ms. 
K
APTUR , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Ms. 
NORTON , Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. R ANGEL , 
Mrs. L AWRENCE , and Ms. J ACKSON  
LEE): 
H.R. 2714. A bill to provide for youth jobs, 
and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mrs. DAVIS of California: 
H.R. 2715. A bill to amend the Richard B. 
Russell National School Lunch Act to estab-lish a permanent, nationwide summer elec-tronic benefits transfer for children program; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mr. D
ESANTIS (for himself, Mr. 
GRAVES of Georgia, Mr. S ALMON , Mr. 
STUTZMAN , Mr. J OLLY , Mr. B UCK, Mr. 
FLORES , and Mr. A MASH ): 
H.R. 2716. A bill to empower States with 
authority for most taxing and spending for highway programs and mass transit pro-grams, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture, and in addition to the Committees on Ways and Means, the Budget, and Rules, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. FARR (for himself, Mr. Y
OUNG  
of Alaska, and Mrs. C APPS ): 
H.R. 2717. A bill to modify the Federal 
Ocean Acidification Research and Moni-toring Act of 2009, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Tech-nology. 
By Ms. DUCKWORTH (for herself and 
Mr. B
ILIRAKIS ): 
H.R. 2718. A bill to amend the 
Servicemembers Civil Relief Act to extend the interest rate limitation on debt entered into during military service to debt incurred during military service to consolidate or re-finance student loans incurred before mili-tary service; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
By Mr. KILMER (for himself, Mr. C
OLE, 
Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. P OLIS, Ms. P IN-
GREE , Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. H ASTINGS , 
Ms. M OORE , Mr. M URPHY of Florida, 
Mrs. T ORRES , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. 
RUIZ, Mr. H ECK of Washington, and 
Mrs. D INGELL ): 
H.R. 2719. A bill to amend the Coastal Zone 
Management Act of 1972 to authorize grants to Indian tribes to further achievement of tribal coastal zone objectives, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 
By Mr. KING of Iowa: 
H.R. 2720. A bill to require institutions of 
higher education to report annually on the use of race, color, or national origin in the admissions process; to the Committee on 
Education and the Workforce. 
By Ms. LEE (for herself, Ms. B
ASS, Mrs. 
BEATTY , Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Mr. 
CICILLINE , Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. C OURT -
NEY, Mr. C ROWLEY , Mrs. D AVIS of 
California, Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mrs. 
DINGELL , Mr. E LLISON , Ms. F RANKEL  
of Florida, Mr. G ALLEGO , Ms. H AHN, 
Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. J OHNSON of 
Georgia, Ms. K USTER , Mrs. L OWEY , 
Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. M CNERNEY , Ms. 
MOORE , Mr. N ADLER , Mr. N ORCROSS , 
Mr. P AYNE , Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. R USH, 
Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Ms. S EWELL of Ala-
bama, Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Ms. 
SLAUGHTER , Ms. S PEIER , Mr. T AKANO , 
Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Ms. W ILSON of 
Florida, Mr. V ARGAS , Ms. N ORTON , 
Mrs. T ORRES , Mrs. L AWRENCE , and 
Mr. M CGOVERN ): 
H.R. 2721. A bill to strengthen and expand 
proven anti-poverty programs and initia-tives; to the Committee on Ways and Means, 
and in addition to the Committees on House Administration, Education and the Work-force, Financial Services, Agriculture, Transportation and Infrastructure, Rules, the Budget, Oversight and Government Re-form, and the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of 
New York (for herself, Mr. S
ESSIONS , 
Mr. K INZINGER of Illinois, Mr. S MITH 
of Washington, Mr. G RAYSON , Mr. 
LOWENTHAL , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. 
MOONEY of West Virginia, Ms. A DAMS , 
Mr. B ERA, Mr. C RENSHAW , Mr. C ARSON  
of Indiana, Mr. B ARR, Mr. H ARRIS , 
Ms. K USTER , Ms. E SHOO , Mr. A USTIN  
SCOTT of Georgia, Mrs. C OMSTOCK , 
Ms. L EE, Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´Nof New 
Mexico, Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi, 
Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. F LORES , Mr. F OS-
TER, Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. P OSEY , Mr. 
SHUSTER , Mr. L UETKEMEYER , Mr. 
FARENTHOLD , Mr. G IBBS, Mr. L ATTA , 
Mr. R USH, Mr. S COTT of Virginia, 
Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. A SHFORD , 
Mr. S HERMAN , Mr. B YRNE , Mrs. L AW-
RENCE , Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of 
Pennsylvania, Mr. B ABIN, Mr. H IG-
GINS, Mr. R UPPERSBERGER , Mr. 
CURBELO of Florida, Mrs. M CMORRIS  
RODGERS , Mr. R ICHMOND , Mr. F ATTAH , 
Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. D ENT, Mr. C OLLINS  
of New York, Mr. G IBSON , Mr. 
FLEISCHMANN , Mr. P ETERSON , Ms. 
BROWN of Florida, Mr. H ARDY , Mr. 
CLAWSON of Florida, Mrs. L UMMIS , 
Mr. B ENISHEK , Mr. K ILDEE , Mr. L IPIN-
SKI, Mr. W EBSTER of Florida, Mr. 
DANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mr. I SSA, 
Mr. L OEBSACK , Mr. R EICHERT , Mr. 
CICILLINE , Mr. P RICE of North Caro-
lina, Mr. R OUZER , Mr. S CHWEIKERT , 
Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. 
TROTT , Mrs. D INGELL , Ms. 
WASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. H ECK of 
Washington, Ms. D EGETTE , Mrs. 
BLACK , Ms. T ITUS, Mr. Y OUNG of Alas-
ka, Mr. B EYER , Mr. N ORCROSS , Mr. 
PAYNE , Ms. E DWARDS , Ms. M ATSUI , 
Mr. L AMALFA , Mr. H UNTER , Mr. B LU-
MENAUER , Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Mr. 
ROYCE , Mr. W HITFIELD , Ms. E DDIE 
BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Ms. N OR-
TON, Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. E NGEL , Ms. 
ESTY, Mr. C LEAVER , Mr. S WALWELL of 
California, Mr. J ENKINS of West Vir-
ginia, Mr. G UINTA , Mr. L OBIONDO , Mr. 
LUCAS , Mr. P ALLONE , Ms. W ILSON of 
Florida, Mr. H ILL, Mr. B UTTERFIELD , 
Mr. G RAVES of Louisiana, Mr. P ALM-
ER, Mr. G ENE GREEN of Texas, Mr. 
HOLDING , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. T HOMP -
SONof Pennsylvania, Ms. M ENG, Mrs. 
NAPOLITANO , Mr. W ALDEN , Mr. H AR-
PER, Mr. M EEKS , Mr. B ILIRAKIS , Ms. 
GRAHAM , Ms. M OORE , Mr. J EFFRIES , 
Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. 
CUELLAR , Mrs. W ALORSKI , Mr. C LY-
BURN , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Ms. S CHA-
KOWSKY , Ms. H AHN, Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. 
POLIS, Mr. S MITH of Missouri, Mr. 
DENHAM , Mr. D UNCAN of South Caro-
lina, Mr. M ILLER of Florida, Mr. N AD-
LER, Mr. M CNERNEY , Mr. C OOPER , Mr. 
COSTA , Mr. H IMES, Mr. M CDERMOTT , 
Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. R ENACCI , Mr. 
SENSENBRENNER , Mr. C ASTRO of 
Texas, Mr. B ARTON , Mr. C OURTNEY , 
Mr. H ECKof Nevada, Mr. P ITTS, Mr. 
WILSON of South Carolina, Mr. C AR-
NEY, Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. D ELANEY , Mr. 
FLEMING , Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. K ATKO , 
Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut, Mr. 
LEWIS, Mr. M ICA, Mr. M OOLENAAR , 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:30 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00129 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JN7.133 H10JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4136 June 10, 2015 
Mr. S ARBANES , Mr. S HIMKUS , Mr. 
YARMUTH , Mr. C ROWLEY , Mr. K EN-
NEDY , Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. V ARGAS , Ms. 
BROWNLEY of California, Ms. B ASS, 
Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Miss 
RICEof New York, Ms. C ASTOR of 
Florida, Mr. E LLISON , Mr. B UCK, Mr. 
CRAMER , Mr. Y ODER , Mrs. N OEM, Mr. 
SCHRADER , Ms. S INEMA , Mr. S MITH of 
Texas, Mr. B UCSHON , Mr. Z ELDIN , Ms. 
LINDA T. S A´NCHEZ of California, Mrs. 
CAPPS , Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, Ms. 
LORETTA SANCHEZ of California, Mr. 
BARLETTA , Ms. S LAUGHTER , Ms. R OY-
BAL-ALLARD , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Ms. 
JENKINS of Kansas, Ms. B ORDALLO , 
Mr. V EASEY , Ms. F UDGE , Ms. K APTUR , 
Mr. A MODEI , Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mr. 
MEADOWS , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. S ANFORD , 
Mr. T AKAI, Mr. T AKANO , Mrs. B LACK -
BURN , Ms. M CSALLY , Mrs. R OBY, Mr. 
SALMON , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Ms. M AX-
INEWATERS of California, Mr. B UR-
GESS, Mr. C APUANO , Mr. M CCAUL, Mr. 
TURNER , Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRIS-
HAM of New Mexico, Mr. C OFFMAN , 
Mr. C ONAWAY , Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE  
of Pennsylvania, Mr. F ITZPATRICK , 
Mr. H ONDA , Mr. K ELLY of Pennsyl-
vania, Mr. P OMPEO , Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. 
SIMPSON , Mr. T HOMPSON of California, 
Mr. G RIFFITH , Mrs. L OWEY , Ms. 
VELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. T IBERI , Mr. M EEHAN , 
Mr. M URPHY of Florida, Mr. C OOK, 
Mr. G OSAR , Mr. T ONKO , Mr. A GUILAR , 
Mr. K INGof New York, Mr. O LSON , 
Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. R OSKAM , Mr. V IS-
CLOSKY , Mr. W ELCH , Mr. F ORBES , Mr. 
WEBER of Texas, Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. 
RUIZ, Mr. R IBBLE , Mrs. E LLMERS of 
North Carolina, Mr. H ANNA , Mr. H UD-
SON, Mr. N OLAN , Mr. N UGENT , Mr. 
CRAWFORD , Mr. L ARSEN of Wash-
ington, Mr. B ISHOP of Utah, Mr. 
WITTMAN , Mr. W OODALL , Mr. A DER-
HOLT , Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania, 
Mr. D OLD, Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Mr. 
BLUM, Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, 
Mr. F RELINGHUYSEN , Mr. W ILLIAMS , 
Mr. D ESANTIS , Ms. D ELAURO , Mr. 
HINOJOSA , Mr. Z INKE, Mr. F ARR, Mr. 
LEVIN, Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, Mr. 
PERRY , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. R IGELL , Mr. 
SEANPATRICK MALONEY of New York, 
Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Ms. P LASKETT , Mr. 
FINCHER , Mr. L YNCH , Mr. C HABOT , Mr. 
ISRAEL , Mr. K ING of Iowa, Mr. 
PEARCE , Mr. S TIVERS , Mrs. D AVIS of 
California, Ms. D ELBENE, Ms. 
BONAMICI , Ms. D UCKWORTH , Mr. T ED 
LIEUof California, Mr. P OEof Texas, 
Ms. S EWELL of Alabama, Mr. D EUTCH , 
Mr. E MMER of Minnesota, Mr. M AC-
ARTHUR , Mr. R YANof Ohio, Mr. W ALZ, 
Mr. R OKITA , Mr. G RAVES of Georgia, 
Mr. M ARINO , Mr. M CCLINTOCK , Mr. 
TOMPRICE of Georgia, Mr. R ICEof 
South Carolina, Mr. R OONEY of Flor-
ida, Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, Mr. 
GOWDY , Ms. G ABBARD , Mr. B UCHANAN , 
Mrs. H ARTZLER , Mr. H URD of Texas, 
Mr. K EATING , Mr. B ECERRA , Ms. 
CLARKE of New York, and Ms. L OF-
GREN ): 
H.R. 2722. A bill to require the Secretary of 
the Treasury to mint coins in recognition of the fight against breast cancer; to the Com-mittee on Financial Services, and in addi-tion to the Committee on the Budget, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. 
By Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of 
New York: 
H.R. 2723. A bill to award a Congressional 
Gold Medal to Rabbi Arthur Schneier in rec-ognition of his pioneering role in promoting religious freedom and human rights through-
out the world, for close to half a century; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
By Mr. M
CKINLEY (for himself, Mr. 
JOHNSON of Ohio, Mr. B ARR, Ms. 
DEGETTE , and Mr. L OEBSACK ): 
H.R. 2724. A bill to amend the Energy Pol-
icy Act of 2005 to reauthorize hydroelectric production incentives and hydroelectric effi-ciency improvement incentives, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. PETERS (for himself, Mr. 
H
ONDA , Mr. P OLIS, and Mr. J ONES ): 
H.R. 2725. A bill to amend titles 10 and 38, 
United States Code, to expand the use of telehealth under the TRICARE program and in the Department of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Armed Services, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. POSEY (for himself, Ms. W
IL-
SON of Florida, Mr. G ENE GREEN of 
Texas, Mr. C ULBERSON , and Mr. 
BLUM): 
H.R. 2726. A bill to require the Secretary of 
the Treasury to mint commemorative coins in recognition of the 50th anniversary of the first manned landing on the moon; to the Committee on Financial Services, and in ad-
dition to the Committee on the Budget, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. WILLIAMS: 
H.R. 2727. A bill to authorize a land ex-
change involving Fort Hood, Texas, and the City of Copperas Cove, Texas, to support the city’s efforts to improve arterial transpor-tation routes in the vicinity of Fort Hood and to promote economic development; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
By Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania 
(for himself, Mr. C
ONNOLLY , Mr. 
BARLETTA , Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Mr. 
KELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. R ENACCI , 
Mr. M ARINO , and Mr. S AMJOHNSON of 
Texas): 
H. Con. Res. 56. Concurrent resolution ex-
pressing the sense of Congress that all trade agreements the United States enters into, should provide reasonable access and col-laboration of each nation involved in such an agreement, for the purpose of search and re-covery activities relating to members of the United States Armed Forces missing in ac-tion from prior wars or military conflicts; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Ms. FOXX: 
H. Res. 304. A resolution electing certain 
Members to standing committees of the House of Representatives; considered and agreed to. 
By Mr. COHEN: 
H. Res. 306. A resolution recognizing the 
centennial of the wreck of the U.S.S. Mem-phis and encouraging the commemoration of such wreck with appropriate events and ac-tivities; to the Committee on Armed Serv-ices, and in addition to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. HIGGINS (for himself, Mr. 
C
OOK, Mr. I SRAEL , Mr. C LAWSON of 
Florida, Ms. S LAUGHTER , Ms. M ENG, 
Mr. E NGEL , Mr. K INGof New York, 
Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. C OL-
LINS of New York, Mr. M CGOVERN , 
Mr. S IRES, and Mr. D ESJARLAIS ): 
H. Res. 307. A resolution condemning the 
Republic of the Sudan for its actions to par-don Mubarak Mustafa, who was responsible 
for the escape of two men convicted of the assassination of John Granville on January 1, 2008, and calling on the United States De-partment of State to continue to include Sudan on the list of state sponsors of ter-rorism; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
By Mr. KIND (for himself, Mr. P
OCAN , 
and Ms. M OORE ): 
H. Res. 308. A resolution recognizing the 
importance of the Wisconsin Idea and the University of Wisconsin System for the ben-efit they have brought and continue to bring to the State of Wisconsin, the United States, and the world; to the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce. 
f 
MEMORIALS 
Under clause 3 of rule XII, memorials 
were presented and referred as follows: 
53. The SPEAKER presented a memorial of 
the Legislature of the State of Nevada, rel-ative to Assembly Joint Resolution No. 2, urging the United States Congress and United States Fish and Wildlife Service to take certain actions to reduce the impact of common ravens on the greater sage grouse and desert tortoise populations in this State; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
54. Also, a memorial of the Legislature of 
the State of Nevada, relative to Senate Joint Resolution No. 5, expressing support for the 2014 Nevada Greater Sage-Grouse Conserva-tion Plan developed by the Sagebrush Eco-system Council and urging the United States Fish and Wildlife Service not to list the greater sage-grouse as an endangered or threatened species under the Endangered Species Act of 1973; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY 
STATEMENT 
Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of 
the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD: 
H.R. 2709. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 
By Mr. BISHOP of Utah: 
H.R. 2710. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Second Amendment of the United States 
Constitution 
By Mrs. BLACK: 
H.R. 2711. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1, to lay and 
collect taxes, duties, imposts, and excises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States. 
By Mrs. BLACK: 
H.R. 2712. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1, to lay and 
collect taxes, duties, imposts, and excises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States. 
By Mrs. CAPPS: 
H.R. 2713. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:30 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00130 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L10JN7.100 H10JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4137 June 10, 2015 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United 
States Constitution. 
By Mr. CONYERS: 
H.R. 2714. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8. 
By Mrs. DAVIS of California: 
H.R. 2715. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1 Section 8 
By Mr. DeSANTIS: 
H.R. 2716. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8: The power to lay and 
collect taxes, duties, imposts and excises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States. 
By Mr. FARR: 
H.R. 2717. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clauses 3 and 18; the 
Commerce clause and Necessary and Proper clause, which grant Congress the power to make laws that regulate commerce. 
By Ms. DUCKWORTH: 
H.R. 2718. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section I of the Constitution of 
the United States of America: 
‘‘All legislative Powers herein granted 
shall be vested in a Congress of the United States, which shall consist of a Senate and House of Representatives.’’ 
By Mr. KILMER: 
H.R. 2719. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, section 8 of the United States 
Constitution. 
By Mr. KING of Iowa: 
H.R. 2720. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
14th Amendment, U.S. Constitution; Arti-
cle 1, U.S. Constitution 
By Ms. LEE: 
H.R. 2721. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The bill is enacted pursuant to the power 
granted to Congress under Article I of the United States Constitution and its subse-quent amendments, and further clarified and interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States. 
By Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of 
New York: 
H.R. 2722. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8. ‘‘The Congress shall 
have Power . . . to coin Money, regulate the Value thereof, and of foreign Coin, and fix the Standard of Weights and Measures;’’ 
By Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of 
New York: 
H.R. 2723. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 5 of the U.S. 
Constitution. 
By Mr. McKINLEY: 
H.R. 2724. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
According to Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 
of the Constitution: The Congress shall have power to enact this legislation to regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes. 
By Mr. PETERS: 
H.R. 2725. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 
By Mr. POSEY: 
H.R. 2726. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 5 
By Mr. WILLIAMS: 
H.R. 2727. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, §8, clauses 12 
f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS 
Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors 
were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 25: Mr. G ARRETT . 
H.R. 167: Mr. L ARSEN of Washington. 
H.R. 210: Mr. G ROTHMAN . 
H.R. 213: Mr. N EWHOUSE and Mr. T ROTT . 
H.R. 217: Mr. C ARTER of Texas and Mr. S ES-
SIONS . 
H.R. 232: Mr. L AMBORN and Mr. Y OUNG of 
Iowa. 
H.R. 276: Mr. M ASSIE . 
H.R. 287: Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 335: Mr. T EDLIEUof California. 
H.R. 427: Mr. W ESTERMAN . 
H.R. 448: Mr. J EFFRIES . 
H.R. 449: Mr. P ASCRELL . 
H.R. 465: Mr. K INGof Iowa. 
H.R. 472: Mr. S ENSENBRENNER . 
H.R. 492: Mr. R USSELL . 
H.R. 525: Mr. W ALDEN . 
H.R. 528: Mr. M ILLER of Florida. 
H.R. 563: Mr. F ARR. 
H.R. 653: Ms. D UCKWORTH . 
H.R. 676: Ms. J UDYCHUof California. 
H.R. 686: Mr. J OLLY . 
H.R. 692: Mr. J ORDAN , Mr. C OLE, Mr. H UD-
SON, Mrs. L UMMIS , Mr. M EADOWS , Ms. F OXX, 
Mr. S ANFORD , Mr. T OMPRICE of Georgia, Mr. 
ROKITA , Mr. S CHWEIKERT , Mr. G RAVES of 
Georgia, Mr. R OHRABACHER , Mr. S ESSIONS , 
and Mr. B ISHOP of Utah. 
H.R. 699: Mrs. M IMIWALTERS of California. 
H.R. 702: Mr. L OUDERMILK and Mr. R OONEY  
of Florida. 
H.R. 721: Mr. B YRNE , Mr. M OULTON , Mr. 
DUFFY , Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan, Mr. 
QUIGLEY , and Mr. R OUZER . 
H.R. 746: Mrs. D AVIS of California, Mr. V AN 
HOLLEN , Mr. S MITH of Washington, Ms. W IL-
SONof Florida, and Mr. H ASTINGS . 
H.R. 766: Mr. T IPTON . 
H.R. 767: Mr. L OWENTHAL and Mr. C ULBER -
SON. 
H.R. 794: Mr. K ENNEDY . 
H.R. 825: Mr. D OLDand Mr. N UGENT . 
H.R. 829: Mr. C OHEN , Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, 
Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. S IRES, and Ms. C ASTOR of 
Florida. 
H.R. 835: Mr. M ULLIN . 
H.R. 842: Mr. H ARDY and Mr. H UELSKAMP . 
H.R. 846: Mr. C APUANO , Ms. B ORDALLO , Mr. 
PASCRELL , Mrs. B USTOS , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. 
RUPPERSBERGER , Mr. L EWIS, and Mr. P AL-
LONE . 
H.R. 868: Mr. C OSTA . 
H.R. 885: Mr. M URPHY of Florida and Mr. 
SWALWELL of California. 
H.R. 911: Mr. R OONEY of Florida. 
H.R. 912: Ms. D EGETTE . 
H.R. 918: Mr. M ULVANEY , Mr. Pittenger, Mr. 
MOOLENAAR , Mr. B ABIN, Mr. R OEof Ten-
nessee, and Mr. S ALMON . 
H.R. 920: Ms. G ABBARD , Mrs. B EATTY , and 
Mr. J OYCE . 
H.R. 923: Mr. D ESJARLAIS and Mr. M ILLER  
of Florida. 
H.R. 940: Mrs. E LLMERS of North Carolina, 
Mr. R OKITA , Mr. R OYCE , and Mr. R OGERS of 
Kentucky. H.R. 953: Mr. Z ELDIN . 
H.R. 985: Mr. R OONEY of Florida and Mr. 
FARENTHOLD . 
H.R. 994: Ms. D EGETTE . 
H.R. 999: Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia. 
H.R. 1002: Mr. W ITTMAN , Mrs. L OWEY , Mr. 
DENT, and Mr. G UTIE´RREZ . 
H.R. 1057: Ms. M OORE . 
H.R. 1089: Mr. L AMBORN . 
H.R. 1090: Mr. P OSEY . 
H.R. 1151: Mr. T EDLIEUof California. 
H.R. 1157: Mr. V ARGAS . 
H.R. 1174: Mr. T OMPRICE of Georgia. 
H.R. 1180: Mr. M ILLER of Florida. 
H.R. 1194: Mr. C ONNOLLY . 
H.R. 1197: Mrs. D INGELL and Ms. L OFGREN . 
H.R. 1199: Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia. 
H.R. 1271: Mr. H ONDA . 
H.R. 1278: Ms. D EGETTE and Ms. L OFGREN . 
H.R. 1310: Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. 
H.R. 1321: Mr. M OULTON . 
H.R. 1333: Mr. J ODYB. H ICEof Georgia. 
H.R. 1338: Mr. G RAVES of Louisiana, Mr. 
CARSON of Indiana, and Mr. G RIJALVA . 
H.R. 1340: Mrs. N OEMand Mr. L EWIS. 
H.R. 1375: Mr. M OULTON . 
H.R. 1384: Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa. 
H.R. 1388: Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia. 
H.R. 1399: Mr. P EARCE . 
H.R. 1427: Mr. P RICE of North Carolina and 
Mr. C ONNOLLY . 
H.R. 1434: Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY of 
New York, Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, and 
Mr. P ASCRELL . 
H.R. 1453: Mrs. E LLMERS of North Carolina 
and Mr. M ILLER of Florida. 
H.R. 1462: Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Mr. R ODNEY  
DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. S WALWELL of Cali-
fornia, and Ms. S LAUGHTER . 
H.R. 1475: Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia and 
Mr. S WALWELL of California. 
H.R. 1516: Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. C ONNOLLY , 
Mr. R UPPERSBERGER , Mr. B UCHANAN , and Mr. 
DESJARLAIS . 
H.R. 1537: Mr. D OLD. 
H.R. 1553: Mr. H INOJOSA . 
H.R. 1559: Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan, Ms. 
HERRERA BEUTLER , Ms. C LARKE of New York, 
and Ms. M CSALLY . 
H.R. 1567: Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. S HERMAN , Mr. 
HINOJOSA , Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania, 
and Ms. E SHOO . 
H.R. 1571: Ms. D EGETTE , Mr. N UGENT , Ms. 
MCCOLLUM , Ms. W ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. 
ROTHFUS , and Mr. D UFFY . 
H.R. 1598: Mr. P ERLMUTTER and Mr. 
DESAULNIER . 
H.R. 1600: Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. G RIJALVA , 
Ms. J UDY CHUof California, and Mr. C ON-
NOLLY . 
H.R. 1610: Mr. R UIZand Mrs. K IRKPATRICK . 
H.R. 1635: Mr. C ALVERT . 
H.R. 1665: Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas. 
H.R. 1671: Mr. H UIZENGA of Michigan. 
H.R. 1674: Mr. M OULTON . 
H.R. 1676: Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts. 
H.R. 1725: Ms. M ATSUI . 
H.R. 1728: Mr. D EUTCH , Ms. K APTUR , Mr. 
TONKO , Mr. M CGOVERN , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , and 
Mr. K ENNEDY . 
H.R. 1737: Mr. E MMER of Minnesota, Mr. M I-
CHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. P OSEY , 
Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. W ESTMORELAND , Mr. P AS-
CRELL , and Mr. V ALADAO . 
H.R. 1766: Mr. S TIVERS . 
H.R. 1779: Ms. N ORTON . 
H.R. 1786: Mr. T AKAI and Mr. S COTT of Vir-
ginia. 
H.R. 1804: Ms. N ORTON , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , and 
Ms. L EE. 
H.R. 1817: Mr. T OMPRICE of Georgia. 
H.R. 1844: Ms. F OXX. 
H.R. 1855: Mr. S CHRADER . 
H.R. 1856: Mr. M CGOVERN . 
H.R. 1875: Mr. A MODEI and Mr. S WALWELL of 
California. 
H.R. 1877: Mr. P RICE of North Carolina. 
H.R. 1941: Mr. W OODALL , Ms. M OORE , Mr. 
HUIZENGA of Michigan, and Mr. R OYCE . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:30 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00131 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JN7.141 H10JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4138 June 10, 2015 
H.R. 1943: Mr. S HERMAN . 
H.R. 1969: Mr. R UPPERSBERGER , Ms. P IN-
GREE , Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, 
Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , Mr. J ONES , and Ms. L OF-
GREN . 
H.R. 1977: Mr. B EYER . 
H.R. 1994: Mr. G RAVES of Georgia. 
H.R. 2010: Mr. C RAMER , Mr. P ITTENGER , and 
Mr. C LAWSON of Florida. 
H.R. 2016: Ms. S LAUGHTER and Mr. C APU-
ANO. 
H.R. 2019: Mr. M ILLER of Florida. 
H.R. 2031: Mr. S WALWELL of California. 
H.R. 2050: Mr. R UPPERSBERGER , Mr. P ETER -
SON, Mr. M ACARTHUR , and Mr. S CHIFF . 
H.R. 2061: Mr. G ARRETT . 
H.R. 2072: Ms. D ELAURO , Mr. M CGOVERN , 
and Mr. P ASCRELL . 
H.R. 2133: Ms. E STY. 
H.R. 2142: Mr. B LUMENAUER . 
H.R. 2152: Mr. R USH. 
H.R. 2170: Mr. W ELCH . 
H.R. 2177: Ms. K USTER . 
H.R. 2191: Mr. S WALWELL of California. 
H.R. 2212: Mrs. T ORRES . 
H.R. 2216: Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, 
Ms. E DWARDS , Mr. O’R OURKE , Mr. C APUANO , 
and Mr. H UFFMAN . 
H.R. 2233: Mr. C ARTER of Georgia. 
H.R. 2238: Mr. H ANNA . 
H.R. 2251: Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia. 
H.R. 2255: Mr. N UGENT . 
H.R. 2259: Mr. M ILLER of Florida. 
H.R. 2280: Mr. C ICILLINE . 
H.R. 2303: Ms. E SHOO . 
H.R. 2304: Mr. M CGOVERN . 
H.R. 2309: Mr. C OFFMAN . 
H.R. 2315: Mr. B OUSTANY . H.R. 2350: Mr. S WALWELL of California. 
H.R. 2355: Mr. T AKANO and Mr. F ARR. 
H.R. 2358: Mr. G OSAR , Mr. K LINE, Mr. 
NEWHOUSE , Mrs. L UMMIS , Mr. P EARCE , Mr. 
KIND, and Mrs. K IRKPATRICK . 
H.R. 2366: Mr. L UETKEMEYER , Mr. C ARNEY , 
and Mr. S ENSENBRENNER . 
H.R. 2378: Mrs. B EATTY . 
H.R. 2398: Mr. S CHWEIKERT . 
H.R. 2400: Mr. T IBERI and Mr. Y OUNG of In-
diana. 
H.R. 2404: Mr. S WALWELL of California, Ms. 
LOFGREN , Mr. N EAL, Mr. T AKANO , Mr. P AS-
CRELL , Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, and Mr. 
DELANEY . 
H.R. 2406: Mr. K LINE, Mr. L ATTA , Mr. T IP-
TON, Mr. H UELSKAMP , Mr. D ESJARLAIS , Mr. 
PETERSON , Mr. R OGERS of Alabama, Mr. R OE 
of Tennessee, Mr. B ENISHEK , Mr. M ESSER , and 
Mr. H UIZENGA of Michigan. 
H.R. 2407: Mr. G ROTHMAN , Mr. P ITTS, and 
Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 2410: Mr. T AKANO and Ms. F UDGE . 
H.R. 2429: Mr. R YANof Ohio. 
H.R. 2477: Mr. M CGOVERN . 
H.R. 2505: Ms. S INEMA . 
H.R. 2513: Mr. B RADY of Texas, Mr. R OKITA , 
and Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana. 
H.R. 2524: Mr. D IAZ-BALART . 
H.R. 2530: Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Ms. J ACKSON  
LEE, Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, and Mr. 
SWALWELL of California. 
H.R. 2560: Mr. R USSELL . 
H.R. 2563: Ms. J ACKSON LEEand Ms. B ROWN  
of Florida. 
H.R. 2603: Mr. A LLEN , Mr. P ALAZZO , Mr. 
MOONEY of West Virginia, Mr. R OKITA , Mr. 
WENSTRUP , Mr. P ALMER , Mr. H ARRIS , Mr. 
TOMPRICE of Georgia, and Mr. F LEMING . H.R. 2607: Mrs. L OWEY . 
H.R. 2611: Mr. M OONEY of West Virginia. 
H.R. 2639: Mr. J ONES and Mr. O’R OURKE . 
H.R. 2646: Mr. K ATKO , Mr. M CKINLEY , and 
Mr. H INOJOSA . 
H.R. 2652: Mr. H ARRIS and Mr. A LLEN . 
H.R. 2653: Mr. R OYCE and Mr. A LLEN . 
H.R. 2663: Ms. T ITUS, Mr. H ONDA , and Mr. 
HARDY . 
H.R. 2675: Mr. C ARTWRIGHT and Mr. 
LAMALFA . 
H.R. 2680: Ms. S LAUGHTER , Ms. S INEMA , and 
Ms. E SHOO . 
H.R. 2689: Mr. R OHRABACHER . 
H.R. 2692: Ms. P LASKETT . 
H.R. 2698: Mr. A LLEN , Mr. G RAVES of Mis-
souri, and Mr. Y ODER . 
H.J. Res. 47: Mr. R OSS, Mrs. W ALORSKI , Mr. 
WELCH , and Ms. W ILSON of Florida. 
H.J. Res. 51: Mr. J EFFRIES . 
H. Con. Res. 17: Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´Nof New 
Mexico and Mr. H ARDY . 
H. Con. Res. 36: Ms. W ILSON of Florida. 
H. Res. 12: Mr. P OMPEO . 
H. Res. 54: Ms. C LARKE of New York and 
Mr. T HOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
H. Res. 110: Mr. S ALMON . 
H. Res. 183: Mrs. B EATTY . 
H. Res. 207: Mr. P ERRY and Mr. V ARGAS . 
H. Res. 233: Mr. H UIZENGA of Michigan and 
Mrs. N APOLITANO . 
H. Res. 294: Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, 
Ms. M OORE , Mr. R ANGEL , and Ms. K APTUR . 
H. Res. 297: Ms. S INEMA , Mr. D ANNY K. 
DAVIS of Illinois, and Mr. C A´RDENAS . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:30 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00132 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JN7.138 H10JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4139 June 10, 2015 
AMENDMENTS 
Under clause 8 of rule XVIII, pro-
posed amendments were submitted as follows: 
H.R. 1295 
OFFERED BY: MR. RYAN OF WISCONSIN  
AMENDMENT NO.1: In lieu of the matter pro-
posed to be inserted by the amendment of the Senate to the text of the bill, insert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as 
the ‘‘Trade Preferences Extension Act of 2015’’. 
(b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-
tents for this Act is as follows: 
Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. 
TITLE I—EXTENSION OF AFRICAN 
GROWTH AND OPPORTUNITY ACT 
Sec. 101. Short title. 
Sec. 102. Findings. Sec. 103. Extension of African Growth and 
Opportunity Act. 
Sec. 104. Modifications of rules of origin for 
duty-free treatment for articles of beneficiary sub-Saharan Af-rican countries under General-ized System of Preferences. 
Sec. 105. Monitoring and review of eligi-
bility under Generalized Sys-tem of Preferences. 
Sec. 106. Promotion of the role of women in 
social and economic develop-ment in sub-Saharan Africa. 
Sec. 107. Biennial AGOA utilization strate-
gies. 
Sec. 108. Deepening and expanding trade and 
investment ties between sub- Saharan Africa and the United States. 
Sec. 109. Agricultural technical assistance 
for sub-Saharan Africa. 
Sec. 110. Reports. Sec. 111. Technical amendments. Sec. 112. Definitions. 
TITLE II—EXTENSION OF GENERALIZED 
SYSTEM OF PREFERENCES 
Sec. 201. Extension of Generalized System of 
Preferences. 
Sec. 202. Authority to designate certain cot-
ton articles as eligible articles only for least-developed bene-ficiary developing countries under Generalized System of Preferences. 
Sec. 203. Application of competitive need 
limitation and waiver under Generalized System of Pref-erences with respect to articles of beneficiary developing coun-tries exported to the United States during calendar year 2014. 
Sec. 204. Eligibility of certain luggage and 
travel articles for duty-free treatment under the General-ized System of Preferences. 
TITLE III—EXTENSION OF PREF-
ERENTIAL DUTY TREATMENT PRO-GRAM FOR HAITI 
Sec. 301. Extension of preferential duty 
treatment program for Haiti. 
TITLE IV—TARIFF CLASSIFICATION OF 
CERTAIN ARTICLES 
Sec. 401. Tariff classification of recreational 
performance outerwear. 
Sec. 402. Duty treatment of protective ac-
tive footwear. 
Sec. 403. Effective date. 
TITLE V—MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS 
Sec. 501. Report on contribution of trade 
preference programs to reduc-ing poverty and eliminating hunger. TITLE VI—OFFSETS 
Sec. 601. Customs user fees. 
Sec. 602. Time for payment of corporate esti-
mated taxes. 
Sec. 603. Elimination of modification of the 
Medicare sequester for fiscal year 2024. 
Sec. 604. Payee statement required to claim 
certain education tax benefits. 
Sec. 605. Special rule for educational insti-
tutions unable to collect TINs of individuals with respect to higher education tuition and related expenses. 
Sec. 606. Penalty for failure to file correct 
information returns and pro-vide payee statements. 
TITLE I—EXTENSION OF AFRICAN 
GROWTH AND OPPORTUNITY ACT 
SEC. 101. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘AGOA Ex-
tension and Enhancement Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 102. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds the following: (1) Since its enactment, the African 
Growth and Opportunity Act has been the centerpiece of trade relations between the United States and sub-Saharan Africa and has enhanced trade, investment, job cre-ation, and democratic institutions through-out Africa. 
(2) Trade and investment, as facilitated by 
the African Growth and Opportunity Act, promote economic growth, development, poverty reduction, democracy, the rule of law, and stability in sub-Saharan Africa. 
(3) Trade between the United States and 
sub-Saharan Africa has more than tripled since the enactment of the African Growth and Opportunity Act in 2000, and United States direct investment in sub-Saharan Af-rica has grown almost six-fold. 
(4) It is in the interest of the United States 
to engage and compete in emerging markets in sub-Saharan African countries, to boost trade and investment between the United States and sub-Saharan African countries, and to renew and strengthen the African Growth and Opportunity Act. 
(5) The long-term economic security of the 
United States is enhanced by strong eco-nomic and political ties with the fastest- growing economies in the world, many of which are in sub-Saharan Africa. 
(6) It is a goal of the United States to fur-
ther integrate sub-Saharan African countries into the global economy, stimulate economic development in Africa, and diversify sources of growth in sub-Saharan Africa. 
(7) To that end, implementation of the 
Agreement on Trade Facilitation of the World Trade Organization would strengthen regional integration efforts in sub-Saharan Africa and contribute to economic growth in the region. 
(8) The elimination of barriers to trade and 
investment in sub-Saharan Africa, including high tariffs, forced localization require-ments, restrictions on investment, and cus-toms barriers, will create opportunities for workers, businesses, farmers, and ranchers in the United States and sub-Saharan African countries. 
(9) The elimination of such barriers will 
improve utilization of the African Growth and Opportunity Act and strengthen regional and global integration, accelerate economic growth in sub-Saharan Africa, and enhance the trade relationship between the United States and sub-Saharan Africa. 
SEC. 103. EXTENSION OF AFRICAN GROWTH AND 
OPPORTUNITY ACT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 506B of the Trade 
Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2466b) is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2025’’. (b) A
FRICAN GROWTH AND OPPORTUNITY  
ACT.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 112(g) of the Afri-
can Growth and Opportunity Act (19 U.S.C. 3721(g)) is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2025’’. 
(2) E
XTENSION OF REGIONAL APPAREL ARTI -
CLE PROGRAM .—Section 112(b)(3)(A) of the Af-
rican Growth and Opportunity Act (19 U.S.C. 3721(b)(3)(A)) is amended— 
(A) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘11 suc-
ceeding’’ and inserting ‘‘21 succeeding’’; and 
(B) in clause (ii)(II), by striking ‘‘Sep-
tember 30, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2025’’. 
(3) E
XTENSION OF THIRD -COUNTRY FABRIC  
PROGRAM .—Section 112(c)(1) of the African 
Growth and Opportunity Act (19 U.S.C. 3721(c)(1)) is amended— 
(A) in the paragraph heading, by striking 
‘‘S
EPTEMBER 30,2015’’ and inserting ‘‘S EP-
TEMBER 30,2025’’; 
(B) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘Sep-
tember 30, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2025’’; and 
(C) in subparagraph (B)(ii), by striking 
‘‘September 30, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘Sep-tember 30, 2025’’. 
SEC. 104. MODIFICATIONS OF RULES OF ORIGIN 
FOR DUTY-FREE TREATMENT FOR ARTICLES OF BENEFICIARY SUB-SA-HARAN AFRICAN COUNTRIES UNDER GENERALIZED SYSTEM OF PREF-ERENCES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 506A(b)(2) of the 
Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2466a(b)(2)) is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘and’’ 
at the end; 
(2) in subparagraph (B), by striking the pe-
riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) the direct costs of processing oper-
ations performed in one or more such bene-ficiary sub-Saharan African countries or former beneficiary sub-Saharan African countries shall be applied in determining such percentage.’’. 
(b) A
PPLICABILITY TO ARTICLES RECEIVING  
DUTY-FREE TREATMENT UNDER TITLE V OF 
TRADE ACT OF 1974.—Section 506A(b) of the 
Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2466a(b)) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(3) R
ULES OF ORIGIN UNDER THIS TITLE .— 
The exceptions set forth in subparagraphs (A), (B), and (C) of paragraph (2) shall also apply to any article described in section 503(a)(1) that is the growth, product, or man-ufacture of a beneficiary sub-Saharan Afri-can country for purposes of any determina-tion to provide duty-free treatment with re-spect to such article.’’. 
(c) M
ODIFICATIONS TO THE HARMONIZED TAR-
IFFSCHEDULE .—The President may proclaim 
such modifications as may be necessary to the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States (HTS) to add the special tariff treatment symbol ‘‘D’’ in the ‘‘Special’’ sub-column of the HTS for each article classified under a heading or subheading with the spe-cial tariff treatment symbol ‘‘A’’ or ‘‘A*’’ in the ‘‘Special’’ subcolumn of the HTS. 
(d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by subsections (a) and (b) take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act and apply with respect to any article described in section 503(b)(1)(B) through (G) of the Trade Act of 1974 that is the growth, product, or manufacture of a beneficiary sub-Saharan African country and that is imported into the customs territory of the United States on or after the date that is 30 days after such date of enactment. 
SEC. 105. MONITORING AND REVIEW OF ELIGI-
BILITY UNDER GENERALIZED SYS-TEM OF PREFERENCES. 
(a) C ONTINUING COMPLIANCE .—Section 
506A(a)(3) of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2466a(a)(3)) is amended— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:30 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00133 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JN7.143 H10JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4140 June 10, 2015 
(1) by striking ‘‘If the President’’ and in-
serting the following: 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—If the President’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) N
OTIFICATION .—The President may not 
terminate the designation of a country as a beneficiary sub-Saharan African country under subparagraph (A) unless, at least 60 days before the termination of such designa-tion, the President notifies Congress and no-tifies the country of the President’s inten-tion to terminate such designation, together with the considerations entering into the de-
cision to terminate such designation.’’. 
(b) W
ITHDRAWAL , SUSPENSION , ORLIMITA -
TION OF PREFERENTIAL TARIFF TREATMENT .— 
Section 506A of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2466a) is amended— 
(1) by redesignating subsection (c) as sub-
section (d); and 
(2) by inserting after subsection (b) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(c) W
ITHDRAWAL , SUSPENSION , ORLIMITA -
TION OF PREFERENTIAL TARIFF TREATMENT .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The President may with-
draw, suspend, or limit the application of duty-free treatment provided for any article described in subsection (b)(1) of this section or section 112 of the African Growth and Op-portunity Act with respect to a beneficiary sub-Saharan African country if the President determines that withdrawing, suspending, or limiting such duty-free treatment would be more effective in promoting compliance by the country with the requirements described in subsection (a)(1) than terminating the des-ignation of the country as a beneficiary sub- Saharan African country for purposes of this section. 
‘‘(2) N
OTIFICATION .—The President may not 
withdraw, suspend, or limit the application of duty-free treatment under paragraph (1) unless, at least 60 days before such with-drawal, suspension, or limitation, the Presi-dent notifies Congress and notifies the coun-try of the President’s intention to withdraw, suspend, or limit such duty-free treatment, together with the considerations entering into the decision to terminate such designa-tion.’’. 
(c) R
EVIEW AND PUBLIC COMMENTS ON ELIGI-
BILITY REQUIREMENTS .—Section 506A of the 
Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2466a), as so amended, is further amended— 
(1) by redesignating subsection (d) as sub-
section (e); and 
(2) by inserting after subsection (c) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(d) R
EVIEW AND PUBLIC COMMENTS ON ELI-
GIBILITY REQUIREMENTS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—In carrying out sub-
section (a)(2), the President shall publish an-nually in the Federal Register a notice of re-view and request for public comments on whether beneficiary sub-Saharan African countries are meeting the eligibility require-ments set forth in section 104 of the African Growth and Opportunity Act and the eligi-bility criteria set forth in section 502 of this Act. 
‘‘(2) P
UBLIC HEARING .—The United States 
Trade Representative shall, not later than 30 days after the date on which the President publishes the notice of review and request for public comments under paragraph (1)— 
‘‘(A) hold a public hearing on such review 
and request for public comments; and 
‘‘(B) publish in the Federal Register, before 
such hearing is held, notice of— 
‘‘(i) the time and place of such hearing; and ‘‘(ii) the time and place at which such pub-
lic comments will be accepted. 
‘‘(3) P
ETITION PROCESS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 60 days 
after the date of the enactment of this sub-section, the President shall establish a proc-ess to allow any interested person, at any time, to file a petition with the Office of the United States Trade Representative with re-
spect to the compliance of any country listed in section 107 of the African Growth and Op-portunity Act with the eligibility require-ments set forth in section 104 of such Act and the eligibility criteria set forth in section 502 of this Act. 
‘‘(B) U
SE OF PETITIONS .—The President 
shall take into account all petitions filed pursuant to subparagraph (A) in making de-terminations of compliance under sub-sections (a)(3)(A) and (c) and in preparing any reports required by this title as such re-ports apply with respect to beneficiary sub- Saharan African countries. 
‘‘(4) O
UT-OF-CYCLE REVIEWS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The President may, at 
any time, initiate an out-of-cycle review of whether a beneficiary sub-Saharan African country is making continual progress in meeting the requirements described in para-graph (1). The President shall give due con-sideration to petitions received under para-graph (3) in determining whether to initiate an out-of-cycle review under this subpara-graph. 
‘‘(B) C
ONGRESSIONAL NOTIFICATION .—Before 
initiating an out-of-cycle review under sub-paragraph (A), the President shall notify and 
consult with Congress. 
‘‘(C) C
ONSEQUENCES OF REVIEW .—If, pursu-
ant to an out-of-cycle review conducted under subparagraph (A), the President deter-mines that a beneficiary sub-Saharan Afri-can country does not meet the requirements set forth in section 104(a) of the African Growth and Opportunity Act (19 U.S.C. 3703(a)), the President shall, subject to the requirements of subsections (a)(3)(B) and (c)(2), terminate the designation of the coun-try as a beneficiary sub-Saharan African country or withdraw, suspend, or limit the application of duty-free treatment with re-spect to articles from the country. 
‘‘(D) R
EPORTS .—After each out-of-cycle re-
view conducted under subparagraph (A) with respect to a country, the President shall sub-mit to the Committee on Finance of the Sen-ate and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives a report on the review and any determination of the President to terminate the designation of the country as a beneficiary sub-Saharan Af-rican country or withdraw, suspend, or limit the application of duty-free treatment with respect to articles from the country under subparagraph (C). 
‘‘(E) I
NITIATION OF OUT -OF-CYCLE REVIEWS  
FOR CERTAIN COUNTRIES .—Recognizing that 
concerns have been raised about the compli-ance with section 104(a) of the African Growth and Opportunity Act (19 U.S.C. 3703(a)) of some beneficiary sub-Saharan Af-rican countries, the President shall initiate an out-of-cycle review under subparagraph (A) with respect to South Africa, the most developed of the beneficiary sub-Saharan Af-rican countries, and other beneficiary coun-tries as appropriate, not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of the Trade Preferences Extension Act of 2015.’’. 
SEC. 106. PROMOTION OF THE ROLE OF WOMEN 
IN SOCIAL AND ECONOMIC DEVEL-OPMENT IN SUB-SAHARAN AFRICA. 
(a) S TATEMENT OF POLICY .—Section 103 of 
the African Growth and Opportunity Act (19 U.S.C. 3702) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (8), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and 
inserting a semicolon; 
(2) in paragraph (9), by striking the period 
and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(10) promoting the role of women in so-
cial, political, and economic development in sub-Saharan Africa.’’. 
(b) E
LIGIBILITY REQUIREMENTS .—Section 
104(a)(1)(A) of the African Growth and Oppor-tunity Act (19 U.S.C. 3703(a)(1)(A)) is amend-ed by inserting ‘‘for men and women’’ after 
‘‘rights’’. 
SEC. 107. BIENNIAL AGOA UTILIZATION STRATE-
GIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—It is the sense of Congress 
that— 
(1) beneficiary sub-Saharan African coun-
tries should develop utilization strategies on a biennial basis in order to more effectively and strategically utilize benefits available under the African Growth and Opportunity Act (in this section referred to as ‘‘AGOA utilization strategies’’); 
(2) United States trade capacity building 
agencies should work with, and provide ap-propriate resources to, such sub-Saharan Af-rican countries to assist in developing and implementing biennial AGOA utilization strategies; and 
(3) as appropriate, and to encourage great-
er regional integration, the United States Trade Representative should consider re-questing the Regional Economic Commu-nities to prepare biennial AGOA utilization strategies. 
(b) C
ONTENTS .—It is further the sense of 
Congress that biennial AGOA utilization strategies should identify strategic needs and priorities to bolster utilization of bene-fits available under the African Growth and Opportunity Act. To that end, biennial AGOA utilization strategies should— 
(1) review potential exports under the Afri-
can Growth and Opportunity Act and iden-tify opportunities and obstacles to increased trade and investment and enhanced poverty reduction efforts; 
(2) identify obstacles to regional integra-
tion that inhibit utilization of benefits under the African Growth and Opportunity Act; 
(3) set out a plan to take advantage of op-
portunities and address obstacles identified in paragraphs (1) and (2), improve awareness of the African Growth and Opportunity Act as a program that enhances exports to the United States, and utilize United States Agency for International Development re-gional trade hubs; 
(4) set out a strategy to promote small 
business and entrepreneurship; and 
(5) eliminate obstacles to regional trade 
and promote greater utilization of benefits under the African Growth and Opportunity Act and establish a plan to promote full re-gional implementation of the Agreement on Trade Facilitation of the World Trade Orga-nization. 
(c) P
UBLICATION .—It is further the sense of 
Congress that— 
(1) each beneficiary sub-Saharan African 
country should publish on an appropriate Internet website of such country public versions of its AGOA utilization strategy; and 
(2) the United States Trade Representative 
should publish on the Internet website of the Office of the United States Trade Represent-ative public versions of all AGOA utilization strategies described in paragraph (1). 
SEC. 108. DEEPENING AND EXPANDING TRADE 
AND INVESTMENT TIES BETWEEN SUB-SAHARAN AFRICA AND THE UNITED STATES. 
It is the policy of the United States to con-
tinue to— 
(1) seek to deepen and expand trade and in-
vestment ties between sub-Saharan Africa and the United States, including through the negotiation of accession by sub-Saharan Af-rican countries to the World Trade Organiza-tion and the negotiation of trade and invest-ment framework agreements, bilateral in-vestment treaties, and free trade agree-ments, as such agreements have the poten-tial to catalyze greater trade and invest-ment, facilitate additional investment in sub-Saharan Africa, further poverty reduc-tion efforts, and promote economic growth; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:30 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00134 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JN7.143 H10JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4141 June 10, 2015 
(2) seek to negotiate agreements with indi-
vidual sub-Saharan African countries as well as with the Regional Economic Commu-nities, as appropriate; 
(3) promote full implementation of com-
mitments made under the WTO Agreement (as such term is defined in section 2(9) of the Uruguay Round Agreements Act (19 U.S.C. 3501(9)) because such actions are likely to improve utilization of the African Growth and Opportunity Act and promote trade and investment and because regular review to en-sure continued compliance helps to maxi-mize the benefits of the African Growth and Opportunity Act; and 
(4) promote the negotiation of trade agree-
ments that cover substantially all trade be-tween parties to such agreements and, if other countries seek to negotiate trade agreements that do not cover substantially all trade, continue to object in all appro-priate forums. 
SEC. 109. AGRICULTURAL TECHNICAL ASSIST-
ANCE FOR SUB-SAHARAN AFRICA. 
Section 13 of the AGOA Acceleration Act 
of 2004 (19 U.S.C. 3701 note) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)— (A) by striking ‘‘shall identify not fewer 
than 10 eligible sub-Saharan African coun-tries as having the greatest’’ and inserting ‘‘, through the Secretary of Agriculture, shall identify eligible sub-Saharan African coun-tries that have’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘and complying with sani-
tary and phytosanitary rules of the United States’’ and inserting ‘‘, complying with san-itary and phytosanitary rules of the United States, and developing food safety stand-ards’’; 
(2) in subsection (b)— (A) by striking ‘‘20’’ and inserting ‘‘30’’; 
and 
(B) by inserting after ‘‘from those coun-
tries’’ the following: ‘‘, particularly from businesses and sectors that engage women farmers and entrepreneurs,’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(c) C
OORDINATION .—The President shall 
take such measures as are necessary to en-sure adequate coordination of similar activi-ties of agencies of the United States Govern-ment relating to agricultural technical as-sistance for sub-Saharan Africa.’’. 
SEC. 110. REPORTS. 
(a) I MPLEMENTATION REPORT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, and bi-ennially thereafter, the President shall sub-mit to Congress a report on the trade and in-vestment relationship between the United States and sub-Saharan African countries and on the implementation of this title and the amendments made by this title. 
(2) M
ATTERS TO BE INCLUDED .—The report 
required by paragraph (1) shall include the following: 
(A) A description of the status of trade and 
investment between the United States and sub-Saharan Africa, including information on leading exports to the United States from sub-Saharan African countries. 
(B) Any changes in eligibility of sub-Saha-
ran African countries during the period cov-ered by the report. 
(C) A detailed analysis of whether each 
such beneficiary sub-Saharan African coun-try is continuing to meet the eligibility re-quirements set forth in section 104 of the Af-rican Growth and Opportunity Act and the eligibility criteria set forth in section 502 of the Trade Act of 1974. 
(D) A description of the status of regional 
integration efforts in sub-Saharan Africa. 
(E) A summary of United States trade ca-
pacity building efforts. 
(F) Any other initiatives related to en-
hancing the trade and investment relation-ship between the United States and sub-Sa-
haran African countries. 
(b) P
OTENTIAL TRADE AGREEMENTS RE-
PORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of 
the enactment of this Act, and every 5 years thereafter, the United States Trade Rep-resentative shall submit to Congress a report that— 
(1) identifies sub-Saharan African coun-
tries that have a expressed an interest in en-tering into a free trade agreement with the United States; 
(2) evaluates the viability and progress of 
such sub-Saharan African countries and other sub-Saharan African countries toward entering into a free trade agreement with the United States; and 
(3) describes a plan for negotiating and 
concluding such agreements, which includes the elements described in subparagraphs (A) through (E) of section 116(b)(2) of the African Growth and Opportunity Act. 
(c) T
ERMINATION .—The reporting require-
ments of this section shall cease to have any force or effect after September 30, 2025. 
SEC. 111. TECHNICAL AMENDMENTS. 
Section 104 of the African Growth and Op-
portunity Act (19 U.S.C. 3703), as amended by section 106, is further amended— 
(1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘(a) I
N 
GENERAL .—’’; and 
(2) by striking subsection (b). 
SEC. 112. DEFINITIONS. 
In this title: (1) B
ENEFICIARY SUB -SAHARAN AFRICAN  
COUNTRY .—The term ‘‘beneficiary sub-Saha-
ran African country’’ means a beneficiary sub-Saharan African country described in subsection (e) of section 506A of the Trade Act of 1974 (as redesignated by this Act). 
(2) S
UB-SAHARAN AFRICAN COUNTRY .—The 
term ‘‘sub-Saharan African country’’ has the meaning given the term in section 107 of the African Growth and Opportunity Act. 
TITLE II—EXTENSION OF GENERALIZED 
SYSTEM OF PREFERENCES 
SEC. 201. EXTENSION OF GENERALIZED SYSTEM 
OF PREFERENCES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 505 of the Trade 
Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2465) is amended by striking ‘‘July 31, 2013’’ and inserting ‘‘De-cember 31, 2017’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The amendment made by 
subsection (a) shall apply to articles entered on or after the 30th day after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(2) R
ETROACTIVE APPLICATION FOR CERTAIN  
LIQUIDATIONS AND RELIQUIDATIONS .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding section 
514 of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1514) or any other provision of law and subject to subparagraph (B), any entry of a covered ar-ticle to which duty-free treatment or other preferential treatment under title V of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2461 et seq.) would have applied if the entry had been made on July 31, 2013, that was made— 
(i) after July 31, 2013, and (ii) before the effective date specified in 
paragraph (1), shall be liquidated or reliquidated as though such entry occurred on the effective date specified in paragraph (1). 
(B) R
EQUESTS .—A liquidation or reliquida-
tion may be made under subparagraph (A) with respect to an entry only if a request therefor is filed with U.S. Customs and Bor-der Protection not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act that contains sufficient information to enable U.S. Customs and Border Protection— 
(i) to locate the entry; or (ii) to reconstruct the entry if it cannot be 
located. 
(C) P
AYMENT OF AMOUNTS OWED .—Any 
amounts owed by the United States pursuant to the liquidation or reliquidation of an 
entry of a covered article under subpara-graph (A) shall be paid, without interest, not later than 90 days after the date of the liq-uidation or reliquidation (as the case may be). 
(3) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection: 
(A) C OVERED ARTICLE .—The term ‘‘covered 
article’’ means an article from a country that is a beneficiary developing country under title V of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2461 et seq.) as of the effective date specified in paragraph (1). 
(B) E
NTER ; ENTRY .—The terms ‘‘enter’’ and 
‘‘entry’’ include a withdrawal from ware-house for consumption. 
SEC. 202. AUTHORITY TO DESIGNATE CERTAIN 
COTTON ARTICLES AS ELIGIBLE AR-TICLES ONLY FOR LEAST-DEVEL-OPED BENEFICIARY DEVELOPING COUNTRIES UNDER GENERALIZED SYSTEM OF PREFERENCES. 
Section 503(b) of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 
U.S.C. 2463(b)) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(5) C
ERTAIN COTTON ARTICLES .—Notwith-
standing paragraph (3), the President may designate as an eligible article or articles under subsection (a)(1)(B) only for countries designated as least-developed beneficiary de-veloping countries under section 502(a)(2) cotton articles classifiable under subheading 5201.00.18, 5201.00.28, 5201.00.38, 5202.99.30, or 5203.00.30 of the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States.’’. 
SEC. 203. APPLICATION OF COMPETITIVE NEED 
LIMITATION AND WAIVER UNDER GENERALIZED SYSTEM OF PREF-ERENCES WITH RESPECT TO ARTI-CLES OF BENEFICIARY DEVELOPING COUNTRIES EXPORTED TO THE UNITED STATES DURING CALENDAR YEAR 2014. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—For purposes of applying 
and administering subsections (c)(2) and (d) of section 503 of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2463) with respect to an article de-scribed in subsection (b) of this section, sub-sections (c)(2) and (d) of section 503 of such Act shall be applied and administered by substituting ‘‘October 1’’ for ‘‘July 1’’ each place such date appears. 
(b) A
RTICLE DESCRIBED .—An article de-
scribed in this subsection is an article of a beneficiary developing country that is des-ignated by the President as an eligible arti-cle under subsection (a) of section 503 of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2463) and with re-spect to which a determination described in subsection (c)(2)(A) of such section was made with respect to exports (directly or indi-rectly) to the United States of such eligible article during calendar year 2014 by the bene-ficiary developing country. 
SEC. 204. ELIGIBILITY OF CERTAIN LUGGAGE 
AND TRAVEL ARTICLES FOR DUTY- FREE TREATMENT UNDER THE GEN-ERALIZED SYSTEM OF PREF-ERENCES. 
Section 503(b)(1) of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 
U.S.C. 2463(b)(1)) is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘para-
graph (4)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraphs (4) and (5)’’; 
(2) in subparagraph (E), by striking ‘‘Foot-
wear’’ and inserting ‘‘Except as provided in paragraph (5), footwear’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) C
ERTAIN LUGGAGE AND TRAVEL ARTI -
CLES.—Notwithstanding subparagraph (A) or 
(E) of paragraph (1), the President may des-ignate the following as eligible articles under subsection (a): 
‘‘(A) Articles classifiable under subheading 
4202.11.00, 4202.12.40, 4202.21.60, 4202.21.90, 4202.22.15, 4202.22.45, 4202.31.60, 4202.32.40, 4202.32.80, 4202.92.15, 4202.92.20, 4202.92.45, or 4202.99.90 of the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:30 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00135 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JN7.143 H10JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4142 June 10, 2015 
‘‘(B) Articles classifiable under statistical 
reporting number 4202.12.2020, 4202.12.2050, 4202.12.8030, 4202.12.8070, 4202.22.8050, 
4202.32.9550, 4202.32.9560, 4202.91.0030, 4202.91.0090, 4202.92.3020, 4202.92.3031, 4202.92.3091, 4202.92.9026, or 4202.92.9060 of the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States, as such statistical reporting numbers are in effect on the date of the enactment of the Trade Preferences Extension Act of 2015.’’. 
TITLE III—EXTENSION OF PREFERENTIAL 
DUTY TREATMENT PROGRAM FOR HAITI 
SEC. 301. EXTENSION OF PREFERENTIAL DUTY 
TREATMENT PROGRAM FOR HAITI. 
Section 213A of the Caribbean Basin Eco-
nomic Recovery Act (19 U.S.C. 2703a) is amended as follows: 
(1) Subsection (b) is amended as follows: (A) Paragraph (1) is amended— (i) in subparagraph (B)(v)(I), by amending 
item (cc) to read as follows: 
‘‘(cc) 60 percent or more during the 1-year 
period beginning on December 20, 2017, and each of the 7 succeeding 1-year periods.’’; and 
(ii) in subparagraph (C)— (I) in the table, by striking ‘‘succeeding 11 
1-year periods’’ and inserting ‘‘16 succeeding 1-year periods’’; and 
(II) by striking ‘‘December 19, 2018’’ and in-
serting ‘‘December 19, 2025’’. 
(B) Paragraph (2) is amended— (i) in subparagraph (A)(ii), by striking ‘‘11 
succeeding 1-year periods’’ and inserting ‘‘16 succeeding 1-year periods’’; and 
(ii) in subparagraph (B)(iii), by striking ‘‘11 
succeeding 1-year periods’’ and inserting ‘‘16 succeeding 1-year periods’’. 
(2) Subsection (h) is amended by striking 
‘‘September 30, 2020’’ and inserting ‘‘Sep-tember 30, 2025’’. 
TITLE IV—TARIFF CLASSIFICATION OF 
CERTAIN ARTICLES 
SEC. 401. TARIFF CLASSIFICATION OF REC-
REATIONAL PERFORMANCE OUTER-WEAR. 
(a) A MENDMENTS TO ADDITIONAL U.S. 
NOTES.—The Additional U.S. Notes to chap-
ter 62 of the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States are amended— 
(1) in Additional U.S. Note 2— (A) by striking ‘‘For the purposes of sub-
headings’’ and all that follows through ‘‘6211.20.15’’ and inserting ‘‘For purposes of this chapter’’; 
(B) by striking ‘‘garments classifiable in 
those subheadings’’ and inserting ‘‘a gar-ment’’; and 
(C) by striking ‘‘D 3600-81’’ and inserting 
‘‘D 3779–81’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following new 
notes: 
‘‘3. (a) For purposes of this chapter, the 
term ‘recreational performance outerwear’ means trousers (including, but not limited to, paddling pants, ski or snowboard pants, and ski or snowboard pants intended for sale as parts of ski-suits), coveralls and bib over-alls, and jackets (including, but not limited to, full zip jackets, paddling jackets, ski jackets, and ski jackets intended for sale as parts of ski-suits), windbreakers, and similar articles (including padded, sleeveless jack-ets) composed of fabrics of cotton, wool, hemp, bamboo, silk, or manmade fiber, or a combination of such fibers, that are either water resistant or treated with plastics, or both, with critically sealed seams, and with 5 or more of the following features: ‘‘(i) Insulation for cold weather protection. 
‘‘(ii) Pockets, at least one of which has a 
zippered, hook and loop, or other type of clo-sure. 
‘‘(iii) Elastic, drawcord, or other means of 
tightening around the waist or leg hems, in-cluding hidden leg sleeves with a means of tightening at the ankle for trousers and tightening around the waist or bottom hem 
for jackets. 
‘‘(iv) Venting, not including grommet(s). ‘‘(v) Articulated elbows or knees. ‘‘(vi) Reinforcement in one of the following 
areas: the elbows, shoulders, seat, knees, an-kles, or cuffs. 
‘‘(vii) Weatherproof closure at the waist or 
front. 
‘‘(viii) Multi-adjustable hood or adjustable 
collar. 
‘‘(ix) Adjustable powder skirt, inner pro-
tective skirt, or adjustable inner protective cuff at sleeve hem. 
‘‘(x) Construction at the arm gusset that 
utilizes fabric, design, or patterning to allow radial arm movement. 
‘‘(xi) Odor control technology. 
The term ‘recreational performance outer-
wear’ does not include occupational outer-wear. 
‘‘(b) For purposes of this Note, the fol-
lowing terms have the following meanings: 
‘‘(i) The term ‘treated with plastics’ refers 
to textile fabrics impregnated, coated, cov-ered, or laminated with plastics, as described in Note 2 to chapter 59. 
‘‘(ii) The term ‘sealed seams’ means seams 
that have been covered by means of taping, gluing, bonding, cementing, fusing, welding, or a similar process so that water cannot pass through the seams when tested in ac-cordance with the current version of AATCC Test Method 35. 
‘‘(iii) The term ‘critically sealed seams’ 
means— 
‘‘(A) for jackets, windbreakers, and similar 
articles (including padded, sleeveless jack-ets), sealed seams that are sealed at the front and back yokes, or at the shoulders, arm holes, or both, where applicable; and 
‘‘(B) for trousers, overalls and bib overalls 
and similar articles, sealed seams that are sealed at the front (up to the zipper or other means of closure) and back rise. 
‘‘(iv) The term ‘insulation for cold weather 
protection’ means insulation with either synthetic fill, down, a laminated thermal backing, or other lining for thermal protec-tion from cold weather. 
‘‘(v) The term ‘venting’ refers to closeable 
or permanent constructed openings in a gar-ment (excluding front, primary zipper clo-sures and grommet(s)) to allow increased ex-pulsion of built-up heat during outdoor ac-tivities. In a jacket, such openings are often positioned on the underarm seam of a gar-ment but may also be placed along other seams in the front or back of a garment. In trousers, such openings are often positioned on the inner or outer leg seams of a garment but may also be placed along other seams in the front or back of a garment. 
‘‘(vi) The term ‘articulated elbows or 
knees’ refers to the construction of a sleeve (or pant leg) to allow improved mobility at the elbow (or knee) through the use of extra seams, darts, gussets, or other means. 
‘‘(vii) The term ‘reinforcement’ refers to 
the use of a double layer of fabric or sec-tion(s) of fabric that is abrasion-resistant or otherwise more durable than the face fabric 
of the garment. 
‘‘(viii) The term ‘weatherproof closure’ 
means a closure (including, but not limited to, laminated or coated zippers, storm flaps, or other weatherproof construction) that has been reinforced or engineered in a manner to reduce the penetration or absorption of moisture or air through an opening in the garment. 
‘‘(ix) The term ‘multi-adjustable hood or 
adjustable collar’ means, in the case of a hood, a hood into which is incorporated two or more draw cords, adjustment tabs, or elastics, or, in the case of a collar, a collar into which is incorporated at least one draw cord, adjustment tab, elastic, or similar component, to allow volume adjustments around a helmet, or the crown of the head, neck, or face. 
‘‘(x) The terms ‘adjustable powder skirt’ 
and ‘inner protective skirt’ refer to a partial lower inner lining with means of tightening around the waist for additional protection from the elements. 
‘‘(xi) The term ‘arm gusset’ means con-
struction at the arm of a gusset that utilizes an extra fabric piece in the underarm, usu-ally diamond- or triangular-shaped, de-signed, or patterned to allow radial arm movement. 
‘‘(xii) The term ‘radial arm movement’ re-
fers to unrestricted, 180-degree range of mo-tion for the arm while wearing performance outerwear. 
‘‘(xiii) The term ‘odor control technology’ 
means the incorporation into a fabric or gar-ment of materials, including, but not limited to, activated carbon, silver, copper, or any combination thereof, capable of adsorbing, absorbing, or reacting with human odors, or effective in reducing the growth of odor- causing bacteria. 
‘‘(xiv) The term ‘occupational outerwear’ 
means outerwear garments, including uni-forms, designed or marketed for use in the workplace or at a worksite to provide dura-ble protection from cold or inclement weath-er and/or workplace hazards, such as fire, electrical, abrasion, or chemical hazards, or impacts, cuts, punctures, or similar hazards. 
‘‘(c) Notwithstanding subdivision (b)(i) of 
this Note, for purposes of this chapter, Notes 1 and 2(a)(1) to chapter 59 and Note 1(c) to 
chapter 60 shall be disregarded in classifying goods as ‘recreational performance outer-wear’. 
‘‘(d) For purposes of this chapter, the im-
porter of record shall maintain internal im-port records that specify upon entry whether garments claimed as recreational perform-ance outerwear have an outer surface that is water resistant, treated with plastics, or a combination thereof, and shall further enu-merate the specific features that make the garments eligible to be classified as rec-reational performance outerwear.’’. 
(b) T
ARIFF CLASSIFICATIONS .—Chapter 62 of 
the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States is amended as follows: 
(1) By striking subheading 6201.11.00 and in-
serting the following, with the article de-scription for subheading 6201.11 having the same degree of indentation as the article de-scription for subheading 6201.11.00 (as in ef-fect on the day before the date of the enact-ment of this Act): 
‘‘ 6201.11 Of wool or fine animal hair: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:30 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00136 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JN7.143 H10JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4143 June 10, 2015 
6201.11.05 Recreational performance outerwear ....................................................... 41 ¢/kg + 
16.3% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 16.4¢/kg + 
6.5% (OM) 52.9¢/kg + 58.5% 
6201.11.10 Other ......................................................................................................... 41 ¢/kg + 
16.3% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 16.4¢/kg + 
6.5% (OM) 52.9 ¢/kg + 58.5% ’’. 
(2) By striking subheadings 6201.12.10 and 
6201.12.20 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6201.12.05 having the same degree of indenta-
tion as the article description for subheading 6201.12.10 (as in effect on the day before the 
date of the enactment of this Act): 
‘‘ 6201.12.05 Recreational performance outerwear ................................................................. 9.4% Free (BH,  
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 60% 
Other: 
6201.12.10 Containing 15 percent or more by weight of down and waterfowl plumage 
and of which down comprises 35 percent or more by weight; containing 10 percent or more by weight of down ................................................................. 4.4% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 3.9% (AU) 60% 
6201.12.20 Other ............................................................................................................... 9.4% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 90% ’’. 
(3) By striking subheadings 6201.13.10 
through 6201.13.40 and inserting the fol-lowing, with the article description for sub-heading 6201.13.05 having the same degree of 
indentation as the article description for subheading 6201.13.10 (as in effect on the day 
before the date of the enactment of this Act): 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:30 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00137 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JN7.143 H10JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4144 June 10, 2015 
‘‘ 6201.13.05 Recreational performance outerwear .......................................................... 27.7% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 90% ...
Other: ...
6201.13.10 Containing 15 percent or more by weight of down and waterfowl plum-
age and of which down comprises 35 percent or more by weight; con-taining 10 percent or more by weight of down .......................................... 4.4% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 3.9% (AU) 60% ...
Other: ...
6201.13.30 Containing 36 percent or more by weight of wool or fine animal hair ... 49.7 ¢/kg + 
19.7% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 52.9¢/kg + 58.5% ...
6201.13.40 Other ...................................................................................................... 27.7% Fre e (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 90% ’’. 
(4) By striking subheadings 6201.19.10 and 
6201.19.90 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6201.19.05 having the same degree of indenta-
tion as the article description for subheading 6201.19.10 (as in effect on the day before the 
date of the enactment of this Act): 
‘‘ 6201.19.05 Recreational performance outerwear ................................................................. 2.8% Free (AU,  
BH, CA, CL, CO, E*, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 35% 
Other: 
6201.19.10 Containing 70 percent or more by weight of silk or silk waste ....................... Free 35% 
6201.19.90 Other ............................................................................................................... 2.8% Free (AU, 
BH, CA, CL, CO, E*, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 35% ’’. 
(5) By striking subheadings 6201.91.10 and 
6201.91.20 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6201.91.05 having the same degree of indenta-
tion as the article description for subheading 6201.91.10 (as in effect on the day before the 
date of the enactment of this Act): 
‘‘ 6201.91.05 Recreational performance outerwear .......................................................... 49.7 ¢/kg + 
19.7% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 19.8¢/kg + 
7.8% (OM) 58.5% 
Other: 
6201.91.10 Padded, sleeveless jackets ........................................................................ 8.5% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 7.6% (AU) 3.4% (OM) 58.5% 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:30 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00138 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JN7.143 H10JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4145 June 10, 2015 
6201.91.20 Other ......................................................................................................... 49.7 ¢/kg + 
19.7% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 19.8¢/kg + 
7.8% (OM) 52.9 ¢/kg + 58.5% ’’. 
(6) By striking subheadings 6201.92.10 
through 6201.92.20 and inserting the fol-lowing, with the article description for sub-heading 6201.92.05 having the same degree of 
indentation as the article description for subheading 6201.92.10 (as in effect on the day 
before the date of the enactment of this Act): 
‘‘ 6201.92.05 Recreational performance outerwear ................................................................. 9.4% Free (BH,  
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 90% 
Other: 
6201.92.10 Containing 15 percent or more by weight of down and waterfowl plumage 
and of which down comprises 35 percent or more by weight; containing 10 percent or more by weight of down ................................................................. 4.4% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 3.9% (AU) 60% 
Other: 
6201.92.15 Water resistant ............................................................................................ 6.2% Free  (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 5.5% (AU) 37.5% 
6201.92.20 Other ............................................................................................................ 9.4 % Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 90% ’’. 
(7) By striking subheadings 6201.93.10 
through 6201.93.35 and inserting the fol-lowing, with the article description for sub-heading 6201.93.05 having the same degree of 
indentation as the article description for subheading 6201.93.10 (as in effect on the day 
before the date of the enactment of this Act): 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:30 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00139 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JN7.143 H10JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4146 June 10, 2015 
‘‘ 6201.93.05 Recreational performance outerwear .......................................................... 27.7% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 90% 
Other: 
6201.93.10 Containing 15 percent or more by weight of down and waterfowl plum-
age and of which down comprises 35 percent or more by weight; con-taining 10 percent or more by weight of down .......................................... 4.4% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 3.9% (AU) 60% 
Other: 
6201.93.20 Padded, sleeveless jackets ..................................................................... 14.9% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 76% 
Other: 
6201.93.25 Containing 36 percent or more by weight of wool or fine animal hair 49.5 ¢/kg + 
19.6% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 52.9¢/kg + 58.5% 
Other: 
6201.93.30 Water resistant ................................................................................ 7.1% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 6.3% (AU) 65% 
6201.93.35 Other ................................................................................................ 27.7% Free (BH,  
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 90% ’’. 
(8) By striking subheadings 6201.99.10 and 
6201.99.90 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6201.99.05 having the same degree of indenta-
tion as the article description for subheading 6201.99.10 (as in effect on the day before the 
date of the enactment of this Act): 
‘‘ 6201.99.05 Recreational performance outerwear ................................................................. 4.2% Free (BH,  
CA, CL, CO, E*, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 3.7% (AU) 35% 
Other: 
6201.99.10 Containing 70 percent or more by weight of silk or silk waste ....................... Free 35% 
6201.99.90 Other ............................................................................................................... 4.2% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, E*, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 3.7% (AU) 35% ’’. 
(9) By striking subheading 6202.11.00 and in-
serting the following, with the article de-scription for subheading 6202.11 having the same degree of indentation as the article de-
scription for subheading 6202.11.00 (as in ef-fect on the day before the date of the enact-
ment of this Act): 
‘‘ 6202.11 Of wool or fine animal hair: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:30 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00140 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JN7.143 H10JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4147 June 10, 2015 
6202.11.05 Recreational performance outerwear ....................................................... 41 ¢/kg + 
16.3% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 16.4¢/kg + 
6.5% (OM) 46.3¢/kg + 58.5% 
6202.11.10 Other ......................................................................................................... 41 ¢/kg + 
16.3% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 16.4¢/kg + 
6.5% (OM) 46.3 ¢/kg + 58.5% ’’. 
(10) By striking subheadings 6202.12.10 and 
6202.12.20 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6202.12.05 having the same degree of indenta-
tion as the article description for subheading 6202.12.10 (as in effect on the day before the 
date of the enactment of this Act): 
‘‘ 6202.12.05 Recreational performance outerwear ................................................................. 8.9% Free (BH,  
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 90% 
Other: 
6202.12.10 Containing 15 percent or more by weight of down and waterfowl plumage 
and of which down comprises 35 percent or more by weight; containing 10 percent or more by weight of down ................................................................. 4.4% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 3.9% (AU) 60% 
6202.12.20 Other ............................................................................................................... 8.9% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 90% ’’. 
(11) By striking subheadings 6202.13.10 
through 6202.13.40 and inserting the fol-lowing, with the article description for sub-heading 6202.13.05 having the same degree of 
indentation as the article description for subheading 6202.13.10 (as in effect on the day 
before the date of the enactment of this Act): 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:30 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00141 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JN7.143 H10JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4148 June 10, 2015 
‘‘ 6202.13.05 Recreational performance outerwear .......................................................... 27.7% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 90% 
Other: 
6202.13.10 Containing 15 percent or more by weight of down and waterfowl plum-
age and of which down comprises 35 percent or more by weight; con-taining 10 percent or more by weight of down .......................................... 4.4% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 3.9% (AU) 60% 
Other: 
6202.13.30 Containing 36 percent or more by weight of wool or fine animal hair ... 43.5 ¢/kg + 
19.7% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 46.3¢/kg + 58.5% 
6202.13.40 Other ...................................................................................................... 27.7% Fre e (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 90% ’’. 
(12) By striking subheadings 6202.19.10 and 
6202.19.90 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6202.19.05 having the same degree of indenta-
tion as the article description for subheading 6202.19.10 (as in effect on the day before the 
date of the enactment of this Act): 
‘‘ 6202.19.05 Recreational performance outerwear ................................................................. 2.8% Free (AU,  
BH, CA, CL, CO, E*, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 35% 
Other: 
6202.19.10 Containing 70 percent or more by weight or silk or silk waste ....................... Free 35% 
6202.19.90 Other ............................................................................................................... 2.8% Free (AU, 
BH, CA, CL, CO, E*, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 35% ’’. 
(13) By striking subheadings 6202.91.10 and 
6202.91.20 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6202.91.05 having the same degree of indenta-
tion as the article description for subheading 6202.91.10 (as in effect on the day before the 
date of the enactment of this Act): 
‘‘ 6202.91.05 Recreational performance outerwear .......................................................... 36 ¢/kg + 
16.3% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 14.4¢/kg + 
6.5% (OM) 58.5% 
Other: 
6202.91.10 Padded, sleeveless jackets ........................................................................ 14% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 5.6% (OM) 58.5% 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:30 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00142 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JN7.143 H10JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4149 June 10, 2015 
6202.91.20 Other ......................................................................................................... 36 ¢/kg + 
16.3% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 14.4¢/kg + 
6.5% (OM) 46.3 ¢/kg + 58.5% ’’. 
(14) By striking subheadings 6202.92.10 
through 6202.92.20 and inserting the fol-lowing, with the article description for sub-heading 6202.92.05 having the same degree of 
indentation as the article description for subheading 6202.92.10 (as in effect on the day 
before the date of the enactment of this Act): 
‘‘ 6202.92.05 Recreational performance outerwear ................................................................. 8.9% Free (BH,  
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 90% 
Other: 
6202.92.10 Containing 15 percent or more by weight of down and waterfowl plumage 
and of which down comprises 35 percent or more by weight; containing 10 percent or more by weight of down ................................................................. 4.4% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 3.9% (AU) 60% 
Other: 
6202.92.15 Water resistant ............................................................................................ 6.2% Free  (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 5.5% (AU) 37.5% 
6202.92.20 Other ............................................................................................................ 8.9 % Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 90% ’’. 
(15) By striking subheadings 6202.93.10 
through 6202.93.50 and inserting the fol-lowing, with the article description for sub-heading 6202.93.05 having the same degree of 
indentation as the article description for subheading 6202.93.10 (as in effect on the day 
before the date of the enactment of this Act): 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:30 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00143 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JN7.143 H10JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4150 June 10, 2015 
‘‘ 6202.93.05 Recreational performance outerwear .......................................................... 27.7% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 90% 
Other: 
6202.93.10 Containing 15 percent or more by weight of down and waterfowl plum-
age and of which down comprises 35 percent or more by weight; con-taining 10 percent or more by weight of down .......................................... 4.4% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 3.9% (AU) 60% 
Other: 
6202.93.20 Padded, sleeveless jackets ..................................................................... 14.9% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 76% 
Other: 
6202.93.40 Containing 36 percent or more by weight of wool or fine animal hair 43.4 ¢/kg + 
19.7% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 46.3¢/kg + 58.5% 
Other: 
6202.93.45 Water resistant ................................................................................ 7.1% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 6.3% (AU) 65% 
6202.93.50 Other ................................................................................................ 27.7% Free (BH,  
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 90% ’’. 
(16) By striking subheadings 6202.99.10 and 
6202.99.90 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6202.99.05 having the same degree of indenta-
tion as the article description for subheading 6202.99.10 (as in effect on the day before the 
date of the enactment of this Act): 
‘‘ 6202.99.05 Recreational performance outerwear ................................................................. 2.8% Free (AU,  
BH, CA, CL, CO, E*, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 35% 
Other: 
6202.99.10 Containing 70 percent or more by weight of silk or silk waste ....................... Free 35% 
6202.99.90 Other ............................................................................................................... 2.8% Free (AU, 
BH, CA, CL, CO, E*, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 35% ’’. 
(17) By striking subheadings 6203.41 and 
6203.41.05, and the superior text to sub-heading 6203.41.05, and inserting the fol-lowing, with the article description for sub-
heading 6203.41 having the same degree of in-dentation as the article description for sub-heading 6203.41 (as in effect on the day before 
the date of the enactment of this Act): 
‘‘ 6203.41 Of wool or fine animal hair: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:30 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00144 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JN7.143 H10JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4151 June 10, 2015 
6203.41.05 Recreational performance outerwear ....................................................... 41.9 ¢/kg + 
16.3% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO,IL, JO,KR, MA,MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 16.7¢/kg + 
6.5% (OM) 52.9¢/kg + 58.5% 
Trousers, breeches and shorts: 
6203.41.10 Trousers and breeches, containing elastomeric fiber, water resistant, 
without belt loops, weighing more than 9 kg per dozen ........................ 7.6% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 6.8% (AU) 3% (OM) 52.9 ¢/kg + 58.5% ’’. 
(18) By striking subheadings 6203.42.10 
through 6203.42.40 and inserting the fol-lowing, with the article description for sub-heading 6203.42.05 having the same degree of 
indentation as the article description for subheading 6203.42.10 (as in effect on the day 
before the date of the enactment of this Act): 
‘‘ 6203.42.05 Recreational performance outerwear ................................................................. 16.6% Free (BH , 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 11.6% (KR) 90% 
Other: 
6203.42.10 Containing 15 percent or more by weight of down and waterfowl plumage 
and of which down comprises 35 percent or more by weight; containing 10 percent or more by weight of down ................................................................. Free 60% 
Other: 
6203.42.20 Bib and brace overalls .................................................................................. 10.3% Free ( BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 90% 
6203.42.40 Other ............................................................................................................ 16. 6% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 11.6% (KR) 90% ’’. 
(19) By striking subheadings 6203.43.10 
through 6203.43.40 and inserting the fol-lowing, with the article description for sub-heading 6203.43.05 having the same degree of 
indentation as the article description for subheading 6203.43.10 (as in effect on the day 
before the date of the enactment of this Act): 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:30 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00145 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JN7.143 H10JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4152 June 10, 2015 
‘‘ 6203.43.05 Recreational performance outerwear .......................................................... 27.9% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 11.1% (KR) 90% 
Other: 
6203.43.10 Containing 15 percent or more by weight of down and waterfowl plum-
age and of which down comprises 35 percent or more by weight; con-taining 10 percent or more by weight of down .......................................... Free 60% 
Other: 
Bib and brace overalls: 
6203.43.15 Water resistant ................................................................................... 7.1% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 6.3% (AU) 65% 
6203.43.20 Other ................................................................................................... 14.9% Free ( BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 76% 
Other: 
6203.43.25 Certified hand-loomed and folklore products ..................................... 12.2% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 76% 
Other: 
6203.43.30 Containing 36 percent or more by weight of wool or fine animal 
hair .................................................................................................. 49.6 ¢/kg + 
19.7% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 52.9¢/kg + 58.5% 
Other: 
6203.43.35 Water resistant trousers or breeches ............................................ 7.1% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 6.3% (AU) 2.8% (KR) 65% 
6203.43.40 Other ............................................................................................. 27.9% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 11.1% (KR) 90% ’’. 
(20) By striking subheadings 6203.49 
through 6203.49.80 and inserting the fol-lowing, with the article description for sub-heading 6203.49 having the same degree of in-
dentation as the article description for sub-heading 6203.49 (as in effect on the day before 
the date of the enactment of this Act): 
‘‘ 6203.49 Of other textile materials: 
6203.49.05 Recreational performance outerwear .............................................................. 2.8% Free (AU, 
BH, CA, CL, CO, E*, IL, JO, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 1.1% (KR) 35% 
Other: 
Of artificial fibers: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:30 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00146 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JN7.143 H10JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4153 June 10, 2015 
6203.49.10 Bib and brace overalls ............................................................................... 8.5% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 7.6% (AU) 76% 
Trousers, breeches and shorts: 
6203.49.15 Certified hand-loomed and folklore products ......................................... 12.2% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 76% 
6203.49.20 Other ...................................................................................................... 27.9% Fre e (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 90% 
6203.49.40 Containing 70 percent or more by weight of silk or silk waste .................... Free 35% 
6203.49.80 Other ............................................................................................................ 2.8 % Free (AU, 
BH, CA, CL, CO, E*, IL, JO, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 1.1% (KR) 35% ’’. 
(21) By striking subheadings 6204.61.10 and 
6204.61.90 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6204.61.05 having the same degree of indenta-
tion as the article description for subheading 6204.61.10 (as in effect on the day before the 
date of the enactment of this Act): 
‘‘ 6204.61.05 Recreational performance outerwear ................................................................. 13.6% Free (BH , 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 5.4% (OM) 8% (AU) 58.5% 
Other: 
6204.61.10 Trousers and breeches, containing elastomeric fiber, water resistant, with-
out belt loops, weighing more than 6 kg per dozen ......................................... 7.6% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 3% (OM) 6.8% (AU) 58.5% 
6204.61.90 Other ............................................................................................................... 13.6% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 5.4% (OM) 8% (AU) 58.5% ’’. 
(22) By striking subheadings 6204.62.10 
through 6204.62.40 and inserting the fol-lowing, with the article description for sub-heading 6204.62.05 having the same degree of 
indentation as the article description for subheading 6204.62.10 (as in effect on the day 
before the date of the enactment of this Act): 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:30 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00147 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JN7.143 H10JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4154 June 10, 2015 
‘‘ 6204.62.05 Recreational performance outerwear ................................................................. 16.6% Free (BH , 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 11.6% (KR) 90% 
Other: 
6204.62.10 Containing 15 percent or more by weight of down and waterfowl plumage 
and of which down comprises 35 percent or more by weight; containing 10 percent or more by weight of down ................................................................. Free 60% 
Other: 
6204.62.20 Bib and brace overalls .................................................................................. 8.9% Free (B H, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 90% 
Other: 
6204.62.30 Certified hand-loomed and folklore products ............................................ 7.1% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, E, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 6.3% (AU) 37.5% 
6204.62.40 Other ......................................................................................................... 16.6% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 11.6% (KR) 90% ’’. 
(23) By striking subheadings 6204.63.10 
through 6204.63.35 and inserting the fol-lowing, with the article description for sub-heading 6204.63.05 having the same degree of 
indentation as the article description for subheading 6204.63.10 (as in effect on the day 
before the date of the enactment of this Act): 
‘‘ 6204.63.05 Recreational performance outerwear ................................................................. 28.6% Free (BH , 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 11.4% (KR) 90% 
Other: 
6204.63.10 Containing 15 percent or more by weight of down and waterfowl plumage 
and of which down comprises 35 percent or more by weight; containing 10 percent or more by weight of down ................................................................. Free 60% 
Other: 
Bib and brace overalls: 
6204.63.12 Water resistant ......................................................................................... 7.1% Free (B H, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 6.3% (AU) 65% 
6204.63.15 Other ......................................................................................................... 14.9% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 76% 
6204.63.20 Certified hand-loomed and folklore products ............................................... 11.3% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, E, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 76% 
Other: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:30 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00148 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JN7.143 H10JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4155 June 10, 2015 
6204.63.25 Containing 36 percent or more by weight of wool or fine animal hair ...... 13.6% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 58.5% 
Other: 
6204.63.30 Water resistant trousers or breeches ..................................................... 7.1% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 6.3% (AU) 65% 
6204.63.35 Other ...................................................................................................... 28.6% Fre e (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 11.4% (KR) 90% ’’. 
(24) By striking subheadings 6204.69 
through 6204.69.90 and inserting the fol-lowing, with the article description for sub-
heading 6204.69 having the same degree of in-dentation as the article description for sub-
heading 6204.69 (as in effect on the day before 
the date of the enactment of this Act): 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:30 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00149 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JN7.143 H10JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4156 June 10, 2015 
‘‘ 6204.69 Of other textile materials: 
6204.69.05 Recreational performance outerwear .............................................................. 2.8% Free (AU, 
BH, CA, CL, CO, E*, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 35% 
Other: 
Of artificial fibers: 
6204.69.10 Bib and brace overalls ............................................................................... 13.6% Free (BH,  
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 76% 
Trousers, breeches and shorts: 
6204.69.20 Containing 36 percent or more by weight of wool or fine animal hair ... 13.6% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 58.5% 
6204.69.25 Other ...................................................................................................... 28.6% Fre e (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 90% 
Of silk or silk waste: 
6204.69.40 Containing 70 percent or more by weight of silk or silk waste ................. 1.1% Free (AU, 
BH, CA, CL, CO, E, IL, J, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 65% 
6204.69.60 Other ......................................................................................................... 7.1% F ree (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, E*, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 6.3% (AU) 65% 
6204.69.90 Other ............................................................................................................ 2.8 % Free (AU, 
BH, CA, CL, CO, E*, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 35% ’’. 
(25) By striking subheadings 6210.40.30 and 
6210.40.50 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6210.40.05 having the same degree of indenta-
tion as the article description for subheading 6210.40.30 (as in effect on the day before the 
date of the enactment of this Act): 
‘‘ 6210.40.05 Recreational performance outerwear 7.1% Free (AU, 
BH, CA, CL, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PE, SG) 65% 
Other: 
6210.40.30 Having an outer surface impregnated, coated, covered or laminated with 
rubber or plastics material which completely obscures the underlying fabric 3.8% Free (AU, 
BH, CA, CL, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PE, SG) 65% 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:30 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00150 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JN7.143 H10JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4157 June 10, 2015 
6210.40.50 Other ............................................................................................................... 7.1% Free (AU, 
BH, CA, CL, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PE, SG) 65% ’’. 
(26) By striking subheadings 6210.50.30 and 
6210.50.50 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6210.50.05 having the same degree of indenta-
tion as the article description for subheading 6210.50.30 (as in effect on the day before the 
date of the enactment of this Act): 
‘‘ 6210.50.05 Recreational performance outerwear 7.1% Free (AU, 
BH, CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PE, SG) 65% 
Other: 
6210.50.30 Having an outer surface impreg- nated, coated, covered or laminated with 
rubber or plastics material which completely obscures the underlying fabric 3.8% Free (AU, 
BH, CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PE, SG) 65% 
6210.50.50 Other ............................................................................................................... 7.1% Free (AU, 
BH, CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PE, SG) 65% ’’. 
(27) By striking subheading 6211.32.00 and 
inserting the following, with the article de-scription for subheading 6211.32 having the same degree of indentation as the article de-
scription for subheading 6211.32.00 (as in ef-fect on the day before the date of the enact-
ment of this Act): 
‘‘ 6211.32 Of cotton: 
6211.32.05 Recreational performance outerwear .............................................................. 8.1% Free (AU, 
BH, CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 90% 
6211.32.10 Other ............................................................................................................... 8.1% Free (AU, 
BH, CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 90% ’’. 
(28) By striking subheading 6211.33.00 and 
inserting the following, with the article de-scription for subheading 6211.33 having the same degree of indentation as the article de-
scription for subheading 6211.33.00 (as in ef-fect on the day before the date of the enact-
ment of this Act): 
‘‘ 6211.33 Of man-made fibers: 
6211.33.05 Recreational performance outerwear .............................................................. 16% Free (AU, 
BH, CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 6.4% (OM) 76% 
6211.33.10 Other ............................................................................................................... 16% Free (AU, 
BH, CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 6.4% (OM) 76% ’’. 
(29) By striking subheadings 6211.39.05 
through 6211.39.90 and inserting the fol-lowing, with the article description for sub-heading 6211.39.05 having the same degree of 
indentation as the article description for subheading 6211.39.05 (as in effect on the day 
before the date of the enactment of this Act): 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:30 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00151 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JN7.143 H10JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4158 June 10, 2015 
‘‘ 6211.39.05 Recreational performance outerwear ................................................................. 2.8% Free (AU,  
BH, CA, CL, CO, E*, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 35% 
Other: .................................................................................................................
6211.39.10 Of wool or fine animal hair ............................................................................. 12% Free (AU , 
BH, CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 4.8% (OM) 58.5% 
6211.39.20 Containing 70 percent or more by weight of silk or silk waste ....................... 0.5% Free (AU, 
BH, CA, CL, CO, E, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 35% 
6211.39.90 Other ............................................................................................................... 2.8% Free (AU, 
BH, CA, CL, CO, E*, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 35% ’’. 
(30) By striking subheading 6211.42.00 and 
inserting the following, with the article de-scription for subheading 6211.42 having the same degree of indentation as the article de-
scription for subheading 6211.42.00 (as in ef-fect on the day before the date of the enact-
ment of this Act): 
‘‘ 6211.42 Of cotton: 
6211.42.05 Recreational performance outerwear .............................................................. 8.1% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 7.2% (AU) 90% 
6211.42.10 Other ............................................................................................................... 8.1% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 7.2% (AU) 90% ’’. 
(31) By striking subheading 6211.43.00 and 
inserting the following, with the article de-scription for subheading 6211.43 having the same degree of indentation as the article de-
scription for subheading 6211.43.00 (as in ef-fect on the day before the date of the enact-
ment of this Act): 
‘‘ 6211.43 Of man-made fibers: 
6211.43.05 Recreational performance outerwear .............................................................. 16% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 6.4% (OM) 90% 
6211.43.10 Other ............................................................................................................... 16% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 6.4% (OM) 90% ’’. 
(32) By striking subheadings 6211.49.10 
through 6211.49.90 and inserting the fol-lowing, with the article description for sub-heading 6211.49.05 having the same degree of 
indentation as the article description for subheading 6211.49.10 (as in effect on the day 
before the date of the enactment of this Act): 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:30 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00152 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JN7.143 H10JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4159 June 10, 2015 
‘‘ 6211.49.05 Recreational performance outerwear ................................................................. 7.3% Free (BH,  
CA, CL, CO, E, IL, JO, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 6.5% (AU) 2.9% (KR) 35% 
Other: 
6211.49.10 Containing 70 percent or more by weight of silk or silk waste ....................... 1.2% Free (AU, 
BH, CA, CL, CO, E, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 35% 
6211.49.41 Of wool or fine animal hair ............................................................................. 12% Free (BH , 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 4.8% (OM) 8% (AU) 58.5% 
6211.49.90 Other ............................................................................................................... 7.3% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, E, IL, JO, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 6.5% (AU) 2.9% (KR) 35% ’’. 
SEC. 402. DUTY TREATMENT OF PROTECTIVE AC-
TIVE FOOTWEAR. 
(a) D EFINITION OF PROTECTIVE ACTIVE FOOT-
WEAR .—The Additional U.S. Notes to chapter 
64 of the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States are amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘6. For the purposes of subheadings 
6402.91.42 and 6402.99.32, the term ‘protective active footwear’ means footwear (other than 
footwear described in Subheading Note 1) that is designed for outdoor activities, such as hiking shoes, trekking shoes, running shoes, and trail running shoes, the foregoing valued over $24/pair and which provides pro-tection against water that is imparted by the use of a coated or laminated textile fab-ric.’’. (b) D
UTY TREATMENT FOR PROTECTIVE AC-
TIVE FOOTWEAR .—Chapter 64 of the Har-
monized Tariff Schedule of the United States is amended as follows: 
(1) By inserting after subheading 6402.91.40 
the following new subheading, with the arti-cle description for subheading 6402.91.42 hav-ing the same degree of indentation as the ar-ticle description for subheading 6402.91.40: 
‘‘ 6402.91.42 Protective active footwear (except footwear with waterproof molded bottoms, 
including bottoms comprising an outer sole and all or part of the upper and except footwear with insulation that provides protection against cold weath-er), whose height from the bottom of the outer sole to the top of the upper does not exceed 15.34 cm ..................................................................................... 20% Free (AU, 
BH, CA, CL, D, E, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, R, SG) 
.............. 35% ’’. 
(2) By inserting immediately preceding 
subheading 6402.99.33 the following new sub-heading, with the article description for sub-
heading 6402.99.32 having the same degree of indentation as the article description for 
subheading 6402.99.33: 
‘‘ 6402.99.32 Protective active footwear ................................................................................. 20% Fr ee (AU, 
BH, CA, CL, D, IL, JO, MA, MX, P) 1% (PA) 6% (OM) 6% (PE) 12% (CO) 20% (KR) 35% ’’. 
(c) S TAGED RATEREDUCTIONS .—The staged 
reductions in special rates of duty pro-claimed for subheading 6402.99.90 of the Har-monized Tariff Schedule of the United States before the date of the enactment of this Act 
shall be applied to subheading 6402.99.32 of such Schedule, as added by subsection (b)(2), beginning in calendar year 2016. 
SEC. 403. EFFECTIVE DATE. 
This title and the amendments made by 
this title shall— (1) take effect on the 15th day after the 
date of the enactment of this Act; and 
(2) apply to articles entered, or withdrawn 
from warehouse for consumption, on or after such 15th day. 
TITLE V—MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS 
SEC. 501. REPORT ON CONTRIBUTION OF TRADE 
PREFERENCE PROGRAMS TO RE-DUCING POVERTY AND ELIMI-NATING HUNGER. 
Not later than one year after the date of 
the enactment of this Act, the President shall submit to Congress a report assessing 
the contribution of the trade preference pro-grams of the United States, including the Generalized System of Preferences under title V of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2461 et seq.), the African Growth and Opportunity Act (19 U.S.C. 3701 et seq.), and the Caribbean Basin Economic Recovery Act (19 U.S.C. 2701 et seq.), to the reduction of poverty and the elimination of hunger. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:30 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00153 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JN7.143 H10JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4160 June 10, 2015 
TITLE VI—OFFSETS 
SEC. 601. CUSTOMS USER FEES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 13031(j)(3)(A) of 
the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconcili-ation Act of 1985 (19 U.S.C. 58c(j)(3)(A)) is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2024’’ and inserting ‘‘July 7, 2025’’. 
(b) R
ATE FOR MERCHANDISE PROCESSING  
FEES.—Section 503 of the United States– 
Korea Free Trade Agreement Implementa-tion Act (Public Law 112–41; 125 Stat. 460) is amended by striking ‘‘June 30, 2021’’ and in-serting ‘‘June 30, 2025’’. 
SEC. 602. TIME FOR PAYMENT OF CORPORATE ES-
TIMATED TAXES. 
Notwithstanding section 6655 of the Inter-
nal Revenue Code of 1986, in the case of a corporation with assets of not less than $1,000,000,000 (determined as of the end of the 
preceding taxable year)— 
(1) the amount of any required installment 
of corporate estimated tax which is other-wise due in July, August, or September of 2020 shall be increased by 5.25 percent of such amount (determined without regard to any increase in such amount not contained in such Code); and 
(2) the amount of the next required install-
ment after an installment referred to in paragraph (1) shall be appropriately reduced to reflect the amount of the increase by rea-son of such paragraph. 
SEC. 603. ELIMINATION OF MODIFICATION OF 
THE MEDICARE SEQUESTER FOR FISCAL YEAR 2024. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subject to subsection (b), 
section 251A(6)(D)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 (2 U.S.C. 901a(6)(D)(ii)) is amended by striking ‘‘0.25 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘0.0 percent’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment 
made by subsection (a) shall not take effect unless the Trade Act of 2015 is enacted and if the Trade Act of 2015 is enacted after the date of the enactment of this Act, such amendment shall be executed as if this Act had been enacted after the date of the enact-ment of such other Act 
SEC. 604. PAYEE STATEMENT REQUIRED TO 
CLAIM CERTAIN EDUCATION TAX BENEFITS. 
(a) A MERICAN OPPORTUNITY CREDIT , HOPE 
SCHOLARSHIP CREDIT , ANDLIFETIME LEARNING  
CREDIT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 25A(g) of the In-
ternal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new para-graph: 
‘‘(8) P
AYEE STATEMENT REQUIREMENT .—Ex-
cept as otherwise provided by the Secretary, no credit shall be allowed under this section unless the taxpayer receives a statement fur-nished under section 6050S(d) which contains all of the information required by paragraph (2) thereof.’’. 
(2) S
TATEMENT RECEIVED BY DEPENDENT .— 
Section 25A(g)(3) of such Code is amended by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of subparagraph (A), by striking the period at the end of sub-paragraph (B) and inserting ‘‘, and’’, and by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(C) a statement described in paragraph (8) 
and received by such individual shall be treated as received by the taxpayer.’’. 
(b) D
EDUCTION FOR QUALIFIED TUITION AND  
RELATED EXPENSES .—Section 222(d) of such 
Code is amended by redesignating paragraph (6) as paragraph (7) and by inserting after paragraph (5) the following new paragraph: 
‘‘(6) P
AYEE STATEMENT REQUIREMENT .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Except as otherwise pro-
vided by the Secretary, no deduction shall be allowed under subsection (a) unless the tax-payer receives a statement furnished under section 6050S(d) which contains all of the in-formation required by paragraph (2) thereof. 
‘‘(B) S
TATEMENT RECEIVED BY DEPENDENT .— 
The receipt of the statement referred to in subparagraph (A) by an individual described 
in subsection (c)(3) shall be treated for pur-poses of subparagraph (A) as received by the taxpayer.’’. 
(c) I
NFORMATION REQUIRED TO BEPROVIDED  
ONPAYEE STATEMENT .—Section 6050S(d)(2) of 
such Code is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(2) the information required by subsection 
(b)(2).’’. 
(d) E FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after the date of the enact-ment of this Act. 
SEC. 605. SPECIAL RULE FOR EDUCATIONAL IN-
STITUTIONS UNABLE TO COLLECT TINS OF INDIVIDUALS WITH RE-SPECT TO HIGHER EDUCATION TUI-TION AND RELATED EXPENSES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 6724 of the Inter-
nal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by add-ing at the end the following new subsection: 
‘‘(f) S
PECIAL RULE FOR RETURNS OF EDU-
CATIONAL INSTITUTIONS RELATED TO HIGHER  
EDUCATION TUITION AND RELATED EX-
PENSES .—No penalty shall be imposed under 
section 6721 or 6722 solely by reason of failing to provide the TIN of an individual on a re-turn or statement required by section 6050S(a)(1) if the eligible educational institu-tion required to make such return contem-poraneously makes a true and accurate cer-tification under penalty of perjury (and in such form and manner as may be prescribed by the Secretary) that it has complied with standards promulgated by the Secretary for obtaining such individual’s TIN.’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall apply to returns required to be made, and statements re-quired to be furnished, after December 31, 2015. 
SEC. 606. PENALTY FOR FAILURE TO FILE COR-
RECT INFORMATION RETURNS AND PROVIDE PAYEE STATEMENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 6721(a)(1) of the 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘$100’’ and inserting ‘‘$250’’, 
and 
(2) by striking ‘‘$1,500,000’’ and inserting 
‘‘$3,000,000’’. 
(b) R EDUCTION WHERE CORRECTION IN SPECI-
FIED PERIOD .— 
(1) C ORRECTION WITHIN 30 DAYS .—Section 
6721(b)(1) of such Code is amended— 
(A) by striking ‘‘$30’’ and inserting ‘‘$50’’, (B) by striking ‘‘$100’’ and inserting ‘‘$250’’, 
and 
(C) by striking ‘‘$250,000’’ and inserting 
‘‘$500,000’’. 
(2) F
AILURES CORRECTED ON OR BEFORE AU -
GUST 1 .—Section 6721(b)(2) of such Code is 
amended— 
(A) by striking ‘‘$60’’ and inserting ‘‘$100’’, (B) by striking ‘‘$100’’ (prior to amendment 
by subparagraph (A)) and inserting ‘‘$250’’, and 
(C) by striking ‘‘$500,000’’ and inserting 
‘‘$1,500,000’’. 
(c) L
OWER LIMITATION FOR PERSONS WITH 
GROSS RECEIPTS OF NOT MORE THAN 
$5,000,000.—Section 6721(d)(1) of such Code is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (A)— (A) by striking ‘‘$500,000’’ and inserting 
‘‘$1,000,000’’, and 
(B) by striking ‘‘$1,500,000’’ and inserting 
‘‘$3,000,000’’, 
(2) in subparagraph (B)— (A) by striking ‘‘$75,000’’ and inserting 
‘‘$175,000’’, and 
(B) by striking ‘‘$250,000’’ and inserting 
‘‘$500,000’’, and 
(3) in subparagraph (C)— (A) by striking ‘‘$200,000’’ and inserting 
‘‘$500,000’’, and 
(B) by striking ‘‘$500,000’’ (prior to amend-
ment by subparagraph (A)) and inserting ‘‘$1,500,000’’. (d) P
ENALTY IN CASE OF INTENTIONAL DIS-
REGARD .—Section 6721(e) of such Code is 
amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘$250’’ in paragraph (2) and 
inserting ‘‘$500’’, and 
(2) by striking ‘‘$1,500,000’’ in paragraph 
(3)(A) and inserting ‘‘$3,000,000’’. 
(e) F AILURE TO FURNISH CORRECT PAYEE  
STATEMENTS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 6722(a)(1) of such 
Code is amended— 
(A) by striking ‘‘$100’’ and inserting ‘‘$250’’, 
and 
(B) by striking ‘‘$1,500,000’’ and inserting 
‘‘$3,000,000’’. 
(2) R EDUCTION WHERE CORRECTION IN SPECI -
FIED PERIOD .— 
(A) C ORRECTION WITHIN 30 DAYS .—Section 
6722(b)(1) of such Code is amended— 
(i) by striking ‘‘$30’’ and inserting ‘‘$50’’, (ii) by striking ‘‘$100’’ and inserting ‘‘$250’’, 
and 
(iii) by striking ‘‘$250,000’’ and inserting 
‘‘$500,000’’. 
(B) F
AILURES CORRECTED ON OR BEFORE AU -
GUST 1 .—Section 6722(b)(2) of such Code is 
amended— 
(i) by striking ‘‘$60’’ and inserting ‘‘$100’’, (ii) by striking ‘‘$100’’ (prior to amendment 
by clause (i)) and inserting ‘‘$250’’, and 
(iii) by striking ‘‘$500,000’’ and inserting 
‘‘$1,500,000’’. 
(3) L
OWER LIMITATION FOR PERSONS WITH  
GROSS RECEIPTS OF NOT MORE THAN $5 ,000,000.— 
Section 6722(d)(1) of such Code is amended— 
(A) in subparagraph (A)— (i) by striking ‘‘$500,000’’ and inserting 
‘‘$1,000,000’’, and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘$1,500,000’’ and inserting 
‘‘$3,000,000’’, 
(B) in subparagraph (B)— (i) by striking ‘‘$75,000’’ and inserting 
‘‘$175,000’’, and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘$250,000’’ and inserting 
‘‘$500,000’’, and 
(C) in subparagraph (C)— (i) by striking ‘‘$200,000’’ and inserting 
‘‘$500,000’’, and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘$500,000’’ (prior to amend-
ment by subparagraph (A)) and inserting ‘‘$1,500,000’’. 
(4) P
ENALTY IN CASE OF INTENTIONAL DIS -
REGARD .—Section 6722(e) of such Code is 
amended— 
(A) by striking ‘‘$250’’ in paragraph (2) and 
inserting ‘‘$500’’, and 
(B) by striking ‘‘$1,500,000’’ in paragraph 
(3)(A) and inserting ‘‘$3,000,000’’. 
(f) E FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall apply with respect to returns and statements required to be filed after December 31, 2015. 
H.R. 2685 
O
FFERED BY: MR. DELANEY  
AMENDMENT NO.6: Page 9, line 6, after the 
dollar amount insert the following: ‘‘(re-duced by $7,463,000)’’. 
Page 88, line 16, after the dollar amount in-
sert the following: ‘‘(increased by $5,000,000)’’. 
H.R. 2685 
O
FFERED BY: MR. GRAYSON  
AMENDMENT NO. 7: Page 9, line 6, after the 
dollar amount insert the following: ‘‘(re-duced by $10,000,000)’’. 
Page 36, line 1, after the dollar amount in-
sert the following: ‘‘(increased by $10,000,000)’’. 
Page 36, line 9, after the dollar amount in-
sert the following: ‘‘(increased by $10,000,000)’’. 
H.R. 2685 
O
FFERED BY: MR. GRAYSON  
AMENDMENT NO. 8: Page 9, line 6, after the 
dollar amount insert the following: ‘‘(re-duced by $10,000,000)’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:30 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00154 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JN7.143 H10JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4161 June 10, 2015 
Page 36, line 1, after the dollar amount in-
sert the following: ‘‘(increased by $10,000,000)’’. 
Page 36, line 9, after the dollar amount in-
sert the following: ‘‘(increased by $10,000,000)’’. 
H.R. 2685 
O
FFERED BY: MS. LEE 
AMENDMENT NO. 9: At the end of the bill 
(before the short title), add the following: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be obligated or expended pursuant to the Authorization for Use of Military Force (Public Law 107–40; 50 U.S.C. 1541 note) after December 31, 2015. 
H.R. 2685 
O
FFERED BY: MS. LEE 
AMENDMENT NO. 10: At the end of the bill 
(before the short title), add the following: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be obligated or expended pursuant to the Authorization for Use of Military Force Against Iraq Resolution of 2002 (Public Law 107–243; 50 U.S.C. 1541 note). 
H.R. 2685 
O
FFERED BY: MR. NOLAN  
AMENDMENT NO. 11: Page 9, line 6, after the 
dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $1,000,000)’’. 
Page 36, line 1, after the dollar amount, in-
sert ‘‘(increased by $1,000,000)’’. 
Page 36, line 9, after the dollar amount, in-
sert ‘‘(increased by $1,000,000)’’. 
H.R. 2685 
O
FFERED BY: MR. SABLAN  
AMENDMENT NO. 12: Page 9, line 6, after the 
dollar amount insert the following: ‘‘(re-duced by $21,300,000)’’. 
Page 16, line 24, after the dollar amount in-
sert the following: ‘‘(increased by $21,300,000)’’. 
H.R. 2685 
O
FFERED BY: MR. TAKAI 
AMENDMENT NO. 13: Page 9, line 6, after the 
dollar amount insert the following: ‘‘(re-duced by $25,000,000) (increased by $25,000,000)’’. 
H.R. 2685 
O
FFERED BY: MR. GARAMENDI  
AMENDMENT NO. 14: At the end of the bill 
(before the short title), insert the following: 
SEC. ll. Not more than $50,000,000 of the 
funds made available by this Act may be used on the ground-based strategic deter-rence unless the annual report that is sub-mitted in 2016 under section 1043 of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (Public Law 112–81; 125 Stat. 1576) includes a 25-year cost estimate of modern-izing and sustaining the nuclear enterprise. 
H.R. 2685 
O
FFERED BY: MR. GARAMENDI  
AMENDMENT NO. 15: At the end of the bill 
(before the short title), insert the following: 
SEC. ll. Not more than $500,000,000 of the 
funds made available by this Act may be used on the research and development of the long-range strike bomber until the Secretary of Defense submits to the congressional de-fense committees a report on the justifica-tion for procuring both the long-range strike bomber and the long-range standoff weapon. 
H.R. 2685 
O
FFERED BY: MS. JACKSON LEE 
AMENDMENT NO. 16: Page 3, line 9, insert 
after the dollar amount the following: ‘‘(in-creased by $2,000,000)’’. 
Page 31, line 7, insert after the dollar 
amount the following: ‘‘(reduced by $2,000,000)’’. H.R. 2685 
O
FFERED BY: MS. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM  
OFNEWMEXICO  
AMENDMENT NO. 17: Page 33, line 3, after 
the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $3,543,000) (increased by $3,543,000 )’’. 
H.R. 2685 
O
FFERED BY: MR. GRAYSON  
AMENDMENT NO. 18: At the end of the bill 
(before the short title), insert the following: 
SEC.ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used to enter into a con-tract with any offeror or any of its principals if the offeror certifies, pursuant to the Fed-eral Acquisition Regulation, that the offeror or any of its principals— 
(1) within a three-year period preceding 
this offer has been convicted of or had a civil judgment rendered against it for commission of fraud or a criminal offense in connection with obtaining, attempting to obtain, or per-forming a public (Federal, State, or local) contract or subcontract; violation of Federal or State antitrust statutes relating to the submission of offers; or commission of em-bezzlement, theft, forgery, bribery, falsifica-tion or destruction of records, making false statements, tax evasion, violating Federal criminal tax laws, or receiving stolen prop-erty; or 
(2) are presently indicted for, or otherwise 
criminally or civilly charged by a govern-mental entity with, commission of any of the offenses enumerated in paragraph (1); or 
(3) within a three-year period preceding 
this offer, has been notified of any delin-quent Federal taxes in an amount that ex-ceeds $3,000 for which the liability remains unsatisfied. 
H.R. 2685 
O
FFERED BY: MR. GRAYSON  
AMENDMENT NO. 19: At the end of the bill 
(before the short title), add the following new section: 
S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used to consult, as the term is used in reference to the Department of Defense and the National Security Agen-cy, in contravention of the assurance pro-vided in section 20(c)(1)(A) of the National Institute of Standards and Technology Act (15 U.S.C. 278g–3(c)(1)(A). 
H.R. 2685 
O
FFERED BY: MR. YOHO 
AMENDMENT NO. 20: At the end of the bill 
(before the short title), insert the following: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used by any department or agency of the United States other than the Armed Forces to operate an armed un-manned aerial vehicle. 
H.R. 2685 
O
FFERED BY: MR. YOHO 
AMENDMENT NO. 21: At the end of the bill 
(before the short title), insert the following: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act under the heading ‘‘Iraq Train and Equip Fund’’ may be used to procure or transfer man-portable air defense systems. 
H.R. 2685 
O
FFERED BY: MR. YOHO 
AMENDMENT NO. 22: At the end of the bill 
(before the short title), insert the following: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act under section 9014 for ‘‘Assist-ance and Sustainment to the Military and National Security Forces of Ukraine’’ may be used to procure or transfer man-portable air defense systems. 
H.R. 2685 
O
FFERED BY: MR. YOHO 
AMENDMENT NO. 23: At the end of the bill 
(before the short title), add the following: SEC. l. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used to deploy United States troops on the ground of Iraq or Syria (other than deployment of such troops for purposes of protecting United States embas-sies and consulates) unless Congress has en-acted a specific authorization for the deploy-ment of such troops. 
H.R. 2685 
O
FFERED BY: MR. SABLAN  
AMENDMENT NO. 24: At the end of the bill 
(before the short title), insert the following new section: 
S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used to establish any live-fire range, training course, or maneuver area within the Commonwealth of the North-ern Mariana Islands in contravention of sec-tion 801 of Public Law 94–241 or section 2663 of title 10, United States Code. 
H.R. 2685 
O
FFERED BY: MR. MCCLINTOCK  
AMENDMENT NO. 25: At the end of the bill 
(before the short title), insert the following: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used to carry out any of the following: 
(1) Sections 2(b), 2(d), 2(g), 3(c), 3(e), 3(f), or 
3(g) of Executive Order 13423. 
(2) Sections 2(a), 2(b), 2(c), 2(f)(iii-iv), 2(h), 
7, 9, 12, 13, or 16 of Executive Order 13514. 
(3) Sections (3)(b), 3(c), 3(d), 3(e), 3(g), 7, 8, 
9, 11, 12, 13, 14, or 15 of Executive Order 13963. 
(4) Subsections (c)(4), (c)(9), (c)(10), (c)(12), 
or (e) of section 2911 of title 10, United States Code. 
(5) Sections 400AA or 400FF of the Energy 
Policy and Conservation Act (42 U.S.C. 6374, 6374e). 
(6) Section 303 of the Energy Policy Act of 
1992 (42 U.S.C. 13212). 
(7) Section 203 of the Energy Policy Act of 
2005 (42 U.S.C. 15852). 
H.R. 2685 
O
FFERED BY: MR. SCHIFF  
AMENDMENT NO. 26: At the end of the bill 
(before the short title), insert the following: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used after March 31, 2016, for Operation Inherent Resolve in the ab-sence of a law enacted by Congress before such date that specifically authorizes the use of military force against the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. 
H.R. 2685 
O
FFERED BY: MR. JOHNSON OF GEORGIA  
AMENDMENT NO. 27: At the end of the bill 
(before the short title) insert the following: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds appropriated 
or otherwise made available in this Act may be used to transfer a mine-resistant ambush protected vehicle under section 2576a of title 10, United States Code. 
H.R. 2685 
O
FFERED BY: MR. JOHNSON OF GEORGIA  
AMENDMENT NO. 28: At the end of the bill 
(before the short title) insert the following: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds appropriated 
or otherwise made available in this Act may be used to transfer a flash-bang grenade under section 2576a of title 10, United States Code. 
H.R. 2685 
O
FFERED BY: MR. CONYERS  
AMENDMENT NO. 29: At the end of the bill 
(before the short title), add the following: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used to provide arms, training, or other assistance to the Azov Battalion. 
H.R. 2685 
O
FFERED BY: MR. ROHRABACHER  
AMENDMENT NO. 30: At the end of the bill 
(before the short title), add the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:30 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00155 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JN7.144 H10JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4162 June 10, 2015 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
in this Act may be used to provide assistance to Pakistan. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:30 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00156 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JN7.147 H10JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S3977 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 10, 2015 No. 92 
Senate 
The Senate met at 9:30 a.m. and was 
called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-
fered the following prayer: 
Let us pray. O God, who rules over humanity and 
nations, we ask You to support the Congress in its manifold tasks. Uphold our Senators, that their daily work may be performed with diligence and fidelity to our heritage under You. 
Lord, raise up those who will unite in 
serving You with their whole heart and mind and strength. May our lawmakers fear only to be disloyal to the best they know, as You make them forgiving and forbearing. Teach them to value a con-science void of offense and the royalty of self-respect above all the pedestals, prizes, and preferments Earth can give. 
We pray in Your Holy Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The President pro tempore led the 
Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY 
LEADER 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
PAUL). The majority leader is recog-
nized. 
f 
OBAMACARE 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, the 
President put forth a mighty ObamaCare spin effort yesterday. We have to give him credit for trying to salvage a law that only one—one—out of every nine Americans thinks is actu-ally working. But I don’t think conde-scending to ObamaCare’s victims was the best approach for him to take. Consider this cringe-inducing asser-
tion: Americans who already had health insurance ‘‘may not know that they’ve got a better deal now [under ObamaCare] . . . than they did, but they do.’’ 
In other words, he knows what is best 
for you, so quit complaining. 
It is the very mindset that led this 
partisan law being forced through over the objections of the American people in the first place. It is the very mindset that said it was OK to cut a few corners and tell a few white lies to sell the country a law it didn’t want. 
So what, the Obama crowd seems to 
think, if Americans couldn’t keep the plan they had and liked—so what. So what, ObamaCare’s defenders must rea-son, if Americans see costs rise after being told they would fall. 
To our friends on the left, it is just 
the cost of doing business. These days they have all but given up the ghost of empathy. They just talk past the mid-dle class instead. 
Consider some of the statements we 
have heard from top Democrats. ‘‘ObamaCare has been wonderful for America.’’ ‘‘None of the predictions about how [ObamaCare] wouldn’t work have come to pass.’’ The implementa-tion of this is ‘‘fabulous.’’ 
We have heard all of that from Demo-
cratic leaders. 
These are the kinds of statements 
that raise our blood pressure all across America. But quotes such as these be-tray more than just a certain incongru-ence from reality. This is also a signal of a party that has lost confidence in the force of its own arguments—one that seems more intent on reassuring itself than convincing others. 
Why else would they be saying things 
they know aren’t true? 
Now, I have spoken broadly over the 
past week about how ObamaCare has failed Americans in terms of higher costs especially, but allow me just to touch on the assertion that ObamaCare’s implementation has been ‘‘fabulous’’ too. Fabulous? That is certainly one way 
to describe how ObamaCare has been plagued by failure since day one. Con-sider the disastrous rollout. Many Americans won’t forget the crashing Web sites, the hours on hold, the in-structions to ‘‘fax in’’ their applica-tions while at the same time seeing re-ports of ObamaCare contractors sitting idle, waiting for work to come through the door. 
The White House tried to spin it all 
away as nothing more than a glitch— just a glitch—on the Web site. But the American people knew it pointed to broader systemic challenges in an un-workable law. 
Consider the many pro-ObamaCare 
States that launched exchanges with great enthusiasm. These true-blue ad-ministrations did everything they could to make ObamaCare work, but they often ended up exposing ObamaCare’s tragic realities instead. 
Take deep blue Vermont. Many on 
the left looked to Vermont’s extra-am-bitious ObamaCare experiment as the crown jewel in their ideological crown, but it turned out to be little more than ‘‘an unending money pit,’’ as one Vermonter put it. 
In Oregon, officials spent over $300 
million taxpayer dollars to launch an ObamaCare exchange and marketing campaign. That is a big investment. But ObamaCare has been an even big-ger flop. Millions of dollars down the tubes and Oregon has little to show for it beyond a couple of bizarre marketing videos and a criminal investigation. 
Hawaii just announced it will be the 
latest State to shutter—close, shutter up—its faltering exchange. 
In Kentucky, a Democratic adminis-
tration poured one-quarter of a billion dollars into an exchange that placed nearly 80 percent of the enrollees into an already broken Medicaid system. Many of the remaining 20 percent or so now find themselves stuck with unaffordable ObamaCare coverage, such as a constituent from Ashland, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:34 Jun 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JN6.000 S10JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3978 June 10, 2015 
who wrote to let me know that his 
monthly premium increased by more than 30 percent. 
So it is hard to disagree with the top 
Vermont health official who said: ‘‘Good God, this just wasn’t set up for success.’’ That is from the top health official in Vermont. Given the spectac-ular flop in his State, he would cer-tainly know, and he certainly seems to have a point. Of the 17 original ObamaCare exchanges, some have failed outright, and half of those that remain are struggling financially. 
So the truth is this: ObamaCare 
never had a Web site problem; it had an ObamaCare problem. 
No amount of wishful thinking or 
fast talk is going to change that re-ality. It is not going to change the fail-ures I just mentioned, and it is not going to change the failures I haven’t, such as the failed CLASS Act, the trou-bled co-ops, the debacle of giving peo-ple the wrong amount of subsidy or what we just learned yesterday—that the IRS may not even be able to verify that many of the people who received the tax credit for health insurance ac-tually bought the health insurance. 
I am asking ObamaCare’s defenders 
in the White House and in Congress to redirect their efforts away from the spin and toward the reality instead. We all know that ObamaCare is a law filled with broken promises, higher costs, and failure. So let’s work together to start over with real health care reform instead. 
That is the kind of health care out-
come that actually would be ‘‘fabu-lous’’ for our constituents. It is some-thing that really would be ‘‘wonderful for America.’’ And it is what we can work together to achieve once Wash-ington politicians move past the fail-ure of ObamaCare. 
f 
NATIONAL DEFENSE 
AUTHORIZATION ACT 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, the 
massive cyber attack Americans just read about reminds us all of the need for action on this issue. Building Amer-ica’s public and private cyber defenses won’t be easy. But the bipartisan cyber security measure that passed out of the Intelligence Committee with the sup-port of every single Republican and every single Democrat but one, 14 to 1, will increase the ability of the public and private sector to share information and to make us safer. That is why we are going to take it up as part of the Defense authorization bill now before us. 
I hope Senators of both parties will 
come together to support that bipar-tisan amendment when it comes to a vote, just as we saw the Senate come together to keep the Defense author-ization bill intact and consistent with the budget resolution by standing 
against the Reed amendment yester-day. It keeps us on track to pass bipar-tisan legislation that will support the men and women who keep us safe every day. There is something else worth noting 
about the vote, too. It means we have now taken twice as many amendment rollcall votes on this year’s Defense au-thorization bill as we were allowed on the last two bills combined. Again, it means we have now taken twice as many amendment rollcall votes on this year’s Defense authorization bill as were allowed in the last two bills com-bined. It is just the latest reminder of a new majority that is getting the Sen-ate back on track and back to work. 
Unfortunately, some leaders of the 
previous majority seem bound and de-termined to get us back into their grid-lock comfort season. At a time of grave threats to our Nation, these Demo-cratic leaders think it is a good idea to hold brave servicemen and brave serv-icewomen hostage to partisan demands for more waste at the IRS and bigger congressional office budgets for them-selves. Let me repeat. At a moment of dangerous and gathering threats, here is the position of these Democratic leaders: They want to hold hostage the funding needed to make our troops combat ready so they can spend more on bureaucracies such as the IRS. 
These Democratic leaders just can’t 
seem to kick the gridlock habit, even on legislation with the exact same level of funding President Obama asked for in his own budget. They just can’t shake their passion for partisanship, even on a bill that sailed out of com-mittee on a hugely bipartisan vote of 22 to 4. That is how the Defense author-ization bill came out of the committee: 22 to 4. 
That doesn’t mean the rest of their 
party has to go along with it. I am ap-pealing to every commonsense Demo-crat—every Democrat uncomfortable with the thought of holding our troops and our families to ransom for unre-lated partisan demands—to keep work-ing across the aisle in good faith, in-stead, because many of our colleagues understand the true sacrifice and un-paralleled value of the nearly 1.5 mil-lion Active-Duty men and women who proudly wear our country’s uniform, the 1.1 million members of the Reserve and National Guard, and the more than 700,000 civilian officials who stand in support, not to mention the many vet-erans and families who enrich our country and our communities. 
We certainly understand their value 
in Kentucky. We are proud to host sev-eral important military bases across the Commonwealth. I wish to tell my colleagues about just one of them today. 
Fort Campbell is home to approxi-
mately 30,000 Army personnel, includ-ing vital Special Operations units and the famed 101st Airborne Division. Units from Fort Campbell have bravely served as the tip of the spear in exe-cuting the U.S. global war on terror, with the 101st Airborne deploying as the first conventional unit in its sup-port. 
It was soldiers from Fort Campbell 
who proudly answered the call to assist with the delicate Ebola mission in 
West Africa, and it is Fort Campbell’s unrivaled aviation infrastructure that provides the Army with the critical ability to rapidly deploy servicemem-bers to volatile regions. 
It is obvious that Fort Campbell 
means a lot to our country, and I can’t tell my colleagues how much it means to Kentucky. It means a lot to its local community, too, especially considering the fact that it has an annual economic impact of $5 billion to the surrounding area. 
This, of course, is hardly a unique 
story in America. From coast to coast, there is no end of examples of how our troops and our military enrich the fab-ric of our communities while at the same time keeping us safe. They are our neighbors. They are our friends. They are our daughters. They are our sons. They are not chess pieces for Democratic leaders to wield in some partisan game. 
If Democratic leaders are really that 
worried about fattening up the IRS or adding a new coat of paint to their con-gressional offices, we can have that dis-cussion, but let’s leave our troops out of it and leave their families out of it. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY 
LEADER 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
Democratic leader is recognized. 
f 
OBAMACARE 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, it is very 
difficult to respond to fiction, and that is what we just heard. We heard a speech based on fiction, a speech based on no facts, a speech based on made-up facts. 
It is so hard to comprehend the dif-
ferent areas the majority leader spoke of with no basis in reality. On the sub-ject of health care, it is as if he doesn’t realize that 16.5 million people have health insurance. 
He denigrates people who aren’t in-
sured. Because of Obamacare, they now have the ability to go to a doctor or a hospital when they are sick because of Medicaid. Is there anything wrong with that? In America everyone is not rich. In America not everyone is middle class. Some people are falling through the cracks, and the fact that in the State of Kentucky a lot of people there now have the ability to go to doctors when they are sick or hurt shouldn’t be anything that people make fun of. 
Health care has changed dramati-
cally. I walked into a drugstore near my home here in Washington—CVS. As a result of ObamaCare and other rea-sons, you can go into that drugstore now and have a test for strep. If you need medicine, they can give it to you. That is progress in medicine in Amer-ica. 
My friend the Republican leader 
talks as if he would like to return to the time prior to ObamaCare, when in-surance companies defined the people 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:34 Jun 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10JN6.002 S10JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3979 June 10, 2015 
who have preexisting disabilities. Let’s 
go back to that system. Let’s go back to the system where if you have a child who has diabetes, you can’t get that kid insured. If you have been in an automobile accident and you broke your neck—even if you are doing fine now, but from the doctor’s reports it shows that you broke your neck—you can’t get insurance. People with debili-tating diseases now can get help. 
The overwhelming majority of Amer-
icans, statistically, who enrolled in health care plans under the new law are satisfied with the coverage. The majority leader continues to misstate the facts on the Affordable Care Act. The latest poll shows that the majority of Americans support the law, as they should. So I don’t know why my friend has to come here and make up things. 
ObamaCare has been an important 
program for American families in Ne-vada and all over America. So I am very disappointed with the state of nonreality of my friend from Ken-tucky, who has come here each day this week to talk about ObamaCare and what is wrong with it. Before this law came into being, patients and the American people were subject to pre-mium increases without any notice, cancellations without notice, denials for preexisting conditions, which I have already mentioned, and arbitrary lim-its on how much care insurance compa-nies would cover. 
f 
NATIONAL DEFENSE 
AUTHORIZATION ACT 
Mr. REID. The majority leader also 
came here and talked about how Demo-crats don’t care about people in the armed services in America—that we don’t care. In Nevada, I would compare our military installations and their contributions to a stellar military. No-body surpasses what we do in Nevada. We have the finest Air Force training center in the world for people who fly fighter aircraft. They are all there. We have 10,000 civilian employees, and about 10,000 troops are stationed there. It has been in existence since it was called the Gunnery School in World War II. We are very proud of that. It is an important part of our community, and we protect it. 
If you go north 350 miles, there is the 
Fallon Naval Air Training Center, which is a great installation, where if you want to fly on an aircraft carrier in America, that is where you train, at Fallon. TOPGUN is there. It is a won-derful facility, and we are proud of that facility. It doesn’t have as many civil-ian personnel as Nellis. It is not as big and does not have as many active mili-tary, but it is an outstanding oper-ation. People come from all over the world to train at Nellis—from all over the world. We have such a vastness in Nevada, and people train there. They can’t do it anyplace else in the world. 
So I would put my support of the 
military—I would certainly compare it to my friend the Republican leader. I am sure he cares. I care also, and all 45 
Members of the Democratic caucus care about the military. We care about it in a way that is not denigrating to 
the Internal Revenue Service that he keeps bashing. 
One reason that the Internal Revenue 
Service has a tough time doing its job is because the Republicans keep cut-ting their budget. The head of the IRS came to see me a couple months ago, and said: We made it through the tax season. There were very few problems, but he said that if anyone wanted to call the IRS 2 months prior to the tax season ending, they couldn’t answer the phones. They didn’t have enough staff to do it. 
The bill came out of the Armed Serv-
ices Committee, and at that time, our leading member of that committee, J
ACKREED, a graduate of the U.S. Mili-
tary Academy said that the bill was flawed. It was flawed because he hoped we could fix the funding mechanism that the Republicans put in this—an-other unbelievably fictitious way of taking care of our government. 
The chairman of that committee is 
somebody with whom I came from the House of Representatives 33 years ago. We came to the Senate together. He has been someone who has stood on this floor and berated phony spending. Where is he now? How could this man be in favor of deficit spending? How can he be in favor of OCO? He has spoken out openly against it in the past, but suddenly he is in favor of it. 
The President said the minute that 
bill was taken up in the committee: If you don’t change that, I am going to veto the bill—as he should. What we have said is we are going to support that. We believe what is in this bill is as fictitious as his account of what ObamaCare is all about. But my friend the Republican leader keeps talking about the leftwing: The leftwing is try-ing to kill this bill. We are not trying to kill the bill. We are trying to make sure we have programs in America that support the middle class, that support medical research, that support funding the FBI, and our court system. My friend the Republican leader seems only to care about the military. We care about the military, but we care about other things that lead to the se-curity of this Nation. 
We are not a secure Nation when we 
don’t fund the National Institutes of Health. We are not a secure Nation when we don’t fund the FBI, the Drug Enforcement Administration, and the Department of Homeland Security. We are not a secure Nation when we don’t fund the Immigration and Naturaliza-tion Service. But my friend the Repub-lican leader is saying: Don’t worry about them. Just take care of the mili-tary. All this other stuff will work out. 
The military is not secure, our gov-
ernment is not secure, and our home-land is not secure, when we have all these other agencies that are being, in effect, cut back in funding. 
Now, on cyber security, we know the 
Presiding Officer of this body led the Senate through some very important 
debates in recent days, and one of the things that was underlying everything done by the Presiding Officer was cyber security—maybe sometimes not di-rectly, but that is in the background, always. 
What does the Republican leader now 
come and say? 
Look how much I am on cyber secu-
rity. Look at me. I lifted weights this morning. 
But what he has done is that now he 
is going to put cyber security on the bill the President said he is going to veto. We are stuck. We have 400 amend-ments filed, and we are not going through these amendments. He wants to be able to check off the box, saying: Well, we did cyber security. 
He hasn’t done cyber security. I have 
a quote here from him on cyber secu-rity, just a short time ago: ‘‘Any issue of this importance deserves serious consideration and open debate.’’ This is what the Republican leader said. He says: Oh, we have done double the amendments that were done in the last couple of bills. 
It takes two sides of the Senate to 
have amendments heard. The Repub-licans would not let us have open de-bate on the armed services bill the last two Congresses. We never even had a debate here. What happened is the two chairs of the committee met in secret and came up with a bill that came up to the Senate floor, and we were able to get that done. But for people to come here and say this is the 53rd year we have done the bill is a little ficti-tious itself. 
I hope that my friend, the senior Sen-
ator from Kentucky, will get in touch with reality on ObamaCare, on the De-fense authorization bill before this body, and on cyber security and stop making things up, because that is it. It is fiction, and it is not appropriate. 
I was so disappointed yesterday to 
see my Republican colleagues vote against the amendment proposed by the ranking member of the Armed Services Committee, the senior Sen-ator from Rhode Island. His amend-ment would have done what no Repub-licans have even tried to do, which is to adequately address sequestration. 
Sequestration was supposed to be so 
absurd and so foolish that it would force Congress to reduce the deficit in a sensible, balanced manner. On the floor now—I have said this before and I will say it again—I asked the senior Senator from Illinois who came to this House with me and with J
OHNMCCAIN 
33 years ago: Would you do me a favor? We have this committee that the Presi-dent has set up, and I need somebody that represents maybe a little bit left of center on this committee. Would you do it? He had many other obligations, but he agreed to be on the Bowles- Simpson Commission, and he did a stunningly important good job. He sup-ported the financing of that. Quite frankly, that surprised me because of all the people yelling for all these 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:34 Jun 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10JN6.004 S10JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3980 June 10, 2015 
budget cuts, and many of those voted 
against it in the committee. Now, no one in this body understands sequestra-tion any better than my friend from Il-linois. 
Sequestration was supposed to be so 
absurd—I repeat—so foolish, that it would force Congress to balance in a sensible manner. Yet what the Repub-licans considered lunacy a few years ago is now the preferred form of legis-lating, the preferred form of budgeting. That tells you everything you need to know about today’s Republican Party. They are beating their chests about how great sequestration is. Isn’t it great that all of these Federal agencies are being cut. 
The Reed amendment would have al-
lowed the Democrats and Republicans to negotiate a balanced budget and would have rescinded sequestration, while ensuring adequate funding to the Department of Defense and nondefense programs. Instead, by rejecting Sen-ator R
EED’s legislation, the Repub-
licans have effectively said spend first, budget later. Here is what they have come up with. They are saying: Ready, fire, aim. Or they are saying: Fire, ready, aim. We know they are not say-ing: Ready, aim, fire. They have it all backwards, like everything they have done here legislatively—like ostriches with their heads buried deep in the sand. 
The majority leader and Republicans 
continue to deny the need for a bipar-tisan budget. They deny the need to fix sequestration, just as they deny the ur-gent need to authorize the Export-Im-port Bank, which employs 165,000 peo-ple in America, as we speak. It expires at the end of this month. 
They deny the urgent need to fix our 
roads, rails, and bridges. That program is going to expire in 6 weeks, which creates millions of jobs—millions of jobs. 
Regardless of what Republicans tell 
themselves, they cannot wish these im-portant issues to just disappear. It is our job to address these matters that affect working Americans. 
Here we are in June, months before 
funding for the government runs out. We have plenty of time to sit down and work out an agreement that both sides can work out. It appears to me what the Republicans are doing is that we are heading for another shutdown. They did it once; they are going to do it again. They want to do nothing now. They want to wait until the fiscal year ends and then lock it up—close up gov-ernment. There is no reason for this to become yet another manufactured cri-sis, and that is what we have here. 
We can, I repeat, months before the 
funding for government runs out, do something about it. Do they desire an-other closed government? I hope not. But it appears that is where we are headed. The Republicans are unwilling to do things that are real. So I urge my Republican colleagues to change course, instead of barreling ahead with bills they know are going to fail. The Defense authorization bill, the 
President is going to veto. The veto will be upheld. We will do it over here. But the House already has enough votes to sustain the President’s veto. It is just moving forward for reasons that I do not fully understand. I urge them to change course, work with us to forge an agreement that can get signed into law. 
The majority leader’s party can con-
tinue to ignore and procrastinate all they want, but eventually we will need to negotiate a budget free of sequestra-tion, a budget that protects our mili-tary and also nondefense, our middle class. Eventually, we will need to reau-thorize the Export-Import Bank, I re-peat, which sustains hundreds of thou-sands of jobs and is responsible for bil-lions of dollars in U.S. exports. 
Now, eventually we need to find a 
lasting way to fund on a long-term basis our American highways. Fifty percent of our highways are deficient, 64,000 bridges—50 percent of those are structurally deficient. Not far from here, over the great Memorial Bridge, they are closing two lanes. Why? Be-cause it has rotted away. Hundreds of thousands of people go over that every day—or they used to. So why wait? In-stead of waiting for the President to veto their sham funding mechanism and then scramble to craft some last- minute, hastily wrought continuing resolution, the Republicans should work with us on a bipartisan solution now. We are ready to cooperate with Republicans to pass legislation that keeps America safe and protects the middle class. But to do that, my Re-publican colleagues will first have to pull their heads out of the sand. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C OT-
TON). Under the previous order, the 
leadership time is reserved. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will be in a period of morning business for 1 hour, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each, with the time equally divided, with the Democrats controlling the first half and the majority controlling the sec-ond half. 
The assistant Democratic leader. 
f 
NATIONAL DEFENSE 
AUTHORIZATION ACT 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, we are 
considering this bill, and you can see by the size of it, it is a major under-taking. It comes up every year. It is the Department of Defense Authoriza-tion Act. It is an extraordinarily im-portant bill. It literally authorizes pro-grams for the defense of America. 
We have two able leaders who 
brought the bill to the floor. One is the chairman of the Armed Services Com-
mittee, J
OHN MCCAIN, a man with 
whom I entered the House many years ago and a man whose reputation and service to America is well known. He is someone who has served in the U.S. Navy, was a prisoner of war during the Vietnam war, and has been a leader in speaking out on behalf of the military throughout his life. It is built into his family. It is built into his soul. 
On our side, we have Senator J
ACK 
REEDfrom Rhode Island. Senator R EED 
is a graduate of the West Point Mili-tary Academy. He served as well in the Active Army. He brings that service, that part of his life to his work on the Democratic side of the aisle. When it came to putting this bill together, I do not think we could have picked two more able leaders from the Senate, a Republican and a Democrat, to bring this bill to the floor. 
They have their differences. But for 
the most part they agree on this bill. It was troubling this morning to hear the Republican majority leader suggest that the differences we have over this bill suggest a lack of commitment by Democrats to the military of the United States. That is not true. It is not fair. We are as committed on our side of the aisle as those on the other side of the aisle when it comes to the men and women in uniform—com-mitted to making certain that they have what they need to be trained, to fight effectively, and to come home safely. 
We are also committed to bringing 
them home to a welcoming America, preparing veterans programs for the rest of their lives, so they can have productive lives, happy lives after hav-ing risked their lives for America. 
So to suggest that the Republicans 
are for the military and Democrats are against it, I regret that the majority leader made that suggestion. Both sides are committed—both the chair-man and the ranking member are com-mitted. But what is the issue that di-vides us when it comes to this bill? It is basically an issue of funding. Here is what it comes down to: We have a Budget Control Act, and if we do not hit the numbers in spending, in comes sequestration. What is sequestration? It is an across-the-board cut. 
We do not want to see that happen. 
We have seen it. We know what it does. It was devastating to the Department of Defense when we went into seques-tration. I know because I chaired the Appropriations Committee and I lis-tened to the Secretary of Defense and the leaders from our branches and serv-ices tell us: It is impossible for us to budget an effective national security if we have to wonder whether we are going to face an across-the-board cut. I can understand that, not only in readi-ness, which is essential to the survival of our troops, but also in the procure-ment of substantial, expensive, impor-tant, and necessary technology. 
So Senator M
CCAINon the Repub-
lican side brings to the floor this au-thorization bill and says: We will solve 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:34 Jun 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10JN6.005 S10JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3981 June 10, 2015 
the problem of sequestration by insert-
ing about $38 to $40 billion in wartime emergency funding into the Depart-ment of Defense. Well, we don’t believe that is the right way to go, neither does the Secretary of Defense, neither does the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff because it is a 1-year fix. 
We need a fix that has some con-
tinuity and predictability to it. There-in lies the difference in approach be-tween Democrats and Republicans. Is one side patriotic and the other side not patriotic because we disagree on a budget reform? Of course not. We hap-pen to believe there is a better way to do this and so does the President. 
But there is another element I want 
to make a reference to. The Republican majority leader came here and said: Well, the Democrats are fighting to put more money into the rest of govern-ment—nondefense. It is true, we are. He used his two examples: Well, they want to hire more people at the Inter-nal Revenue Service and maybe they want to put another coat of paint on their offices. That is what the majority leader said. 
Well, it could not be further from the 
truth. I will argue for adequate funding for the Internal Revenue Service. The overwhelming majority of Americans who pay their fair share of taxes and are honest people and try to follow the law should be respected. Those who don’t, those who try to cheat our tax system should be held accountable. I do not think that is a radical idea. It takes employees at the Internal Rev-enue Service to make sure that is true. Right now we have cut back on their spending. 
But let me go to another issue which 
I think really tells the story about why we think we not only need to make sure the Department of Defense is ade-quately funded, but we want to make sure other areas of government are adequately funded. Once every 67 sec-onds in America someone is diagnosed with Alzheimer’s—once every 67 sec-onds. It is a disease which is now grow-ing at a rapid pace because of the aging of our population. It is extraordinarily expensive. Under Medicare and Med-icaid, $200 billion were spent last year in the care of those with Alzheimer’s. 
That number is projected to grow 
dramatically in the years to come. Well, it is a heartbreaking disease, as you see someone whom you dearly love, someone in your family, and their mind is not as responsive as it once was. It is extraordinarily devastating to these families, and it is extraor-dinarily expensive to taxpayers. 
So what will we do about it? I hope 
we will be committed, on a bipartisan basis, to medical research. Medical re-search, through the National Institutes of Health, is part of the nondefense budget that we are trying to help by resolving this whole question of seques-tration. It is not about putting a coat of paint on my office. That is not why I am fighting to make sure the non-defense part of the budget is not vic-timized by sequestration. I am fighting 
for the National Institutes of Health. 
How important is it that they not 
face sequestration? They have done it. They faced it. Let me tell you just one example of what it meant. Dr. Frank LaFerla is at the University of Cali-fornia in Irvine. He is a medical re-searcher. He and his team have created mice that develop Alzheimer’s disease in the same way humans do. Now, his research team can study that disease in these mice, but the mice need to age 18 months before research on potential Alzheimer’s disease treatments can be done. 
In 2013, when we faced sequestration, 
across-the-board cuts in the budget, Dr. LaFerla was faced with the pros-pect of having to sacrifice these labora-tory animals and close his lab. If that had happened, months of research would have been wasted. That is what happens when you do something as mindless as sequestration in the De-partment of Defense and in the Na-tional Institutes of Health. 
We even have an amendment, which I 
hope will not be offered but is pend-ing—has now been filed, I should say, in the Senate, which would cut medical research in the Department of Defense. I wonder what my colleagues are thinking; that we in America should cut back on medical research as a way of balancing our budget. I am praying for the day that Dr. LaFerla or some-one like him will find a way to delay the onset of Alzheimer’s and, God will-ing, find a cure. If they do, the invest-ment in the National Institutes of Health will be paid off over and over and over again, and human suffering will be avoided. 
So when I hear the Republican ma-
jority leader dismiss the idea of fund-ing outside the Department of Defense, when I hear him suggest that the Democrats are trying to work toward a budget solution that is fair to the De-partment of Defense and all other agencies so that we ‘‘have enough money to paint our offices’’—that is what he said—I am troubled by that. There is much more at stake. 
When it comes to medical research, I 
would hope the Senator from Kentucky feels, as all of us do, this is not par-tisan at all. The victims of Alzheimer’s are of both political parties and people who never vote. They are just across the board. We ought to be committed to making certain that medical re-search makes a difference and that we believe in it. I hope this amendment that is being offered to cut Department of Defense medical research is not of-fered, because if it is, I plan to come to the floor and tell the story about what that medical research has meant over the last 20 years. 
For example, the second largest in-
vestment in breast cancer research is in the U.S. Department of Defense. There are dramatic stories to be told about what they have discovered and what they have been able to do in the Department of Defense. The suggestion that we should eliminate this research 
to me is a very bad one. It does not re-flect the reality of the fright and con-cern that come with a diagnosis of breast cancer. 
I am prepared for that battle, not 
just on breast cancer but on all of the other areas of medical research in the Department of Defense, as well as med-ical research in the National Institutes of Health. If there is one issue that should unite us, Democrats and Repub-licans, it is medical research. I will tell you, the people I represent in Illinois, regardless of party affiliation, believe that we in both political parties should be making this commitment. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. COATS. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. COATS. Mr. President, I know we 
are in morning business time, and if I could speak on the Republican time, 
reserving the time remaining for the Democrats, I would be pleased to do that. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
WASTEFUL SPENDING 
Mr. COATS. Mr. President, I rise 
today, the 13th time, for the ‘‘Waste of the Week.’’ So far, we have identified waste in many areas, ranging from the familiar, such as the duplication of government programs and outrageous spending and lack of control, to the bi-zarre, such as the government-funded massages for New Zealand rabbits. I have received more responses on that than I have for some of the major items I have listed. Every once in a while, I throw in a ‘‘Can you believe they do that?’’ 
To date, we have estimated nearly 
$67 billion of fraud, abuse, and waste. This is taxpayer money. These are tax-payer dollars that are coming in for programs that the Congressional Budg-et Office, the Government Account-ability Office, and other special inves-tigators have looked at and said: Why are we spending this money in the first place? It is a total waste, it is fraud, and it has been abused. 
So we are at the level of nearly two- 
thirds of our goal of $100 billion and moving forward. 
And so today, I wish to talk about 
yet another fiscal situation we have come across that is costing the tax-payers the hard-earned dollars. They’re sending them to Washington and they want accountability. Since we are doing debate on the Defense bill this week, I thought I would look at the de-fense issue. I will use contracting ac-countability as an example of the need for another effort to save the tax-payers’ dollars because they are being wasted. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:34 Jun 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10JN6.007 S10JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3982 June 10, 2015 
Now, it is not uncommon for every 
agency of the Federal Government to use contractors. The Department of Defense uses contractors. They do nec-essary work. They provide services for our troops overseas. We owe our troops, we owe them, given the sacrifices they are making to provide those needed services in an effective and efficient way, but we also owe the taxpayer clear oversight in terms of how their money is spent to make sure that these services that are provided, these tasks that are undertaken by defense con-tractors as well as all Federal contrac-tors are done so in an accountable way. 
The issue today arises out of a report 
by the Special Investigator General for Afghanistan Reconstruction. That re-port identified a total of $135 million of questionable costs spent by one specific contractor between October 2011 and March 2014. He said that in most cases the funds that were spent were not sup-ported with adequate documentation or did not have prior approval. In another instance, this same contractor also overcharged the government by over $1 million. The government lost about $37,000 in interest payments. That is a little bit of change in a total of billions of dollars being spent, but nevertheless it is not all that small of an amount to a number of Americans who work aw-fully hard to pay their taxes, and they want those taxes to be used wisely. 
Again, this same contractor in three 
other cases violated Federal procure-ment law in securing contracts total-ing almost $5 million. 
So here we have one contractor that 
has been singled out among many but put in place $135 million of question-able costs, and the American taxpayers have every right to know how and where their tax dollars are spent and particularly those tax dollars which are spent on providing our Armed Forces, men and women in uniform, with the necessary services they need. 
This was compounded when in 2012 
headlines showed that two former em-ployees of this particular contractor, in a video, were drunk or under the in-fluence of narcotics during parties that were allegedly thrown ‘‘every other day’’ at the contractor’s operations center in Kabul. So to compound the problem, not only were the costs ques-tioned, but also the character and be-havior of the employees were some-thing we certainly are not proud of. 
All of this happened, as the video 
shows, while weapons were present. Bonfires were also lit, and employees would often throw live ammunition rounds and fire extinguishers into the flames. 
Some might say: Well, OK, that is a 
one-off. That is an aberration. That surely doesn’t happen all the time. There is a bad apple here, and there are a bunch of good apples in the barrel. 
Yes, there are contractors that are 
providing services to our men and women who are doing it in a respon-sible and legal way, but the special in-spector for Afghanistan has also found multiple examples of similar types of 
waste. In fact, since its creation, the special inspector for Afghanistan has undertaken 324 investigations—he is a busy man—and has accounted for over $571 million of misspent taxpayer dol-lars, and this is just in Afghanistan. As you know, we have operations around the world, and when we total every-thing, who knows what that final num-ber will be. 
I am pleased to report that while 
these numbers are disturbing, there is also progress being made. The special investigator for Afghanistan whom I have referred to has made over 200 rec-ommendations for reforms and over 160 of those recommendations have been adopted by the Department of Defense in trying to help safeguard Federal dol-lars. So I don’t want to leave the im-pression that something isn’t being done about this. Nevertheless, it is im-portant that we bring these things to light so that we can put procedures in place that will prevent them from hap-pening again. 
Also, I am pleased that title VIII of 
this bill we are now debating on this floor, the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2016, directly addresses defense acquisition policy and management and would make sev-eral reforms to the contracting proc-ess. So action is being taken. For in-stance, the bill that calls for the De-partment of Defense to establish a pref-erence for fixed-price contracts when developing new programs is a needed reform that is part of this legislation we are debating now. Entering into fixed-price contracts helps eliminate the kinds of questionable costs and cost overruns seen in many previous contracts. 
We need to make sure, Congress 
needs to make sure, all of us need to make sure that our service men and women have the support they need to defend our Nation. That is why it is so frustrating when we hear about these instances of contractors that are sup-posed to be supporting our troops but instead are wasting money, whether in-
tentionally or through error or through simply misbehavior. 
So what we have done today is add 
another $571 million to our taxpayer savings gauge. As you can see, we are pushing toward the goal of $100 billion. We hope to go past that. There is no end of issues that need to be addressed so that we can tell the American peo-ple that we are running an efficient and effective shop in Congress and that we are being careful with their tax-payer dollars. 
I look forward to returning to the 
floor next week for my next install-ment of the ‘‘Waste of the Week.’’ 
With that, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The bill clerk proceeded to call the 
roll. 
Mr. COATS. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. COATS. Mr. President, given the 
fact that no one has come to the floor, I wish to speak on another matter. I will do so, and when other Members come to the floor to speak, I will try to wrap up and save that time for them. 
f 
OBAMACARE 
Mr. COATS. Mr. President, last week 
I chaired a hearing of the Joint Eco-nomic Committee entitled ‘‘Examining the Employment Effects of the Afford-able Care Act.’’ The purpose of the hearing was to discuss how the Afford-able Care Act has affected the ability of Americans to earn and do business, particularly for small businessmen. 
The impact of the Affordable Care 
Act—better known as ObamaCare—is particularly important to discuss at this point this year now that the de-layed employer provisions are in effect and employers are feeling the pinch. Frankly, ‘‘pinch’’ is the wrong word; they are feeling the hammer blow of the burdens imposed on them, both from regulatory and a tax standpoint that are directly affecting their ability to grow, to provide jobs, and to expand their business. 
The Congressional Budget Office esti-
mates that the law, ObamaCare, will reduce the total number of hours worked by as much as 2 percent from the years 2017 to 2024. 
People said: Two percent—is that a 
big deal? 
Yes, it is a big deal. It is equal to 2.5 
million full-time-equivalent jobs—for workers who are looking for those jobs. 
The CBO reasoned that this would re-
sult from new taxes embedded through-out the ObamaCare program—not talked about when this was passed. In fact, nothing was talked about that was passed in terms of the way people could understand it, as acknowledged by the former head of the House of Representatives. 
With new taxes and measures that 
employers will face and the financial benefits that some will be imposed, the CBO estimates a 1-percent reduction in total pay over the same timeframe as a result of ObamaCare. 
This was something that was sold to 
the American people without credi-bility. All the promises that were made, some so defiantly made by the President. He said: Take my word for it, period, not one penny of increase in your premium cost. Keep your doctor. If you like your doctor, keep your doc-tor. If you like your health care plan, keep your health care plan. What a misrepresentation of the bill this has been. 
I have received many stories in my 
office, by email, by regular mail, by phone calls with descriptions of the im-pact this law has had and the broken promises that have imposed higher pre-miums, higher copays, higher deductibles, and higher costs for the American people. So we anxiously 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:34 Jun 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10JN6.008 S10JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3983 June 10, 2015 
await the decision of the Supreme 
Court, which will be coming in several weeks or less, to see where we go. 
I want to take this opportunity to 
share just one story of one company 
and the head of that company and what that one small company—providing needed and good jobs for Hoosiers in my State—has had to endure under this particular law. I think this was ex-pressed so well by the head of that company. His name is Dr. Joseph Ser-gio, president of the Sergio corpora-tion. 
He came before our committee, and 
we heard some of the most clear and defined discussion of the impact, the personal impact on families and work-ers of the ObamaCare act and what it has done to his small business, which I think is representative of millions of small businesses across the country. 
Dr. Sergio is a first-generation Amer-
ican citizen whose family business was founded 36 years ago. His father was an Italian immigrant who came to Amer-ica to realize the American dream, and he did. Dr. Sergio expanded his father’s business, which includes First Re-sponse—a national award-winning dis-aster restoration company, involved in every major hurricane and storm dis-aster in recent history, with awards for their performance and how effectively and efficiently they brought response to people who needed it following these disasters—and Polar Clean—another company he has which is an environ-mentally friendly dry ice blast clean-ing industrial service. We talk about going green. We talk about caring about our environment. This is a revo-lutionary way of cleaning any number of factories, businesses, energy compa-nies, and so forth with a new environ-mentally friendly process. 
Here is what Dr. Sergio said to me: 
‘‘As a small business, we have felt the profound imposition of the Affordable Care Act, or as it is known among many small business entrepreneurs, the Unaffordable Care Act.’’ 
As a small business owner, Dr. Sergio 
said to be successful he needed to be able to accurately identify, forecast, and control expenses in order to create profits which would then be reinvested in his growing business. That means new jobs and new opportunity. That, he said, is where the frustration with ObamaCare begins. 
Now, look, what Dr. Sergio outlined 
is economics 101. It is the first thing you learn in an economics class or the first thing your parents tell you: To be successful—and I wish this applied to the Federal Government—you have to control your costs, you have to iden-tify and forecast what your expenses are going to be in the future and make sure you can cover those. And only when you make a profit—not just seek-ing neutrality here in the Federal Gov-ernment—but only when you make a profit in the business can you grow that business and put more people back to work. 
ObamaCare, Dr. Sergio said, has im-
posed a whole set of complications and regulations on small business owners 
that obscures their ability to do just that—to identify, forecast, and control expenses. This makes it difficult to de-termine profits that are needed to in-crease employee wages, expand re-search and development, and invest in new equipment. For a company work-ing in disaster response, all of this is important. Of course, all of this is im-portant for any company. 
Dr. Sergio said his business has been 
forced to make major changes to meet the requirements imposed by ObamaCare. They had to drop their health care plan because it didn’t meet the requirements of ObamaCare, even though it had been worked out between the employer and the employees and they were happy with their plan. 
As a result, his employees and the 
company are paying more for an infe-rior policy. He said: 
Employees are now paying larger co-pays 
and larger deductibles. Some are opting to pay the penalty rather than absorb the high cost of ObamaCare. 
This not only illustrates how 
ObamaCare affects businesses but how it directly affects families all across our Nation. 
Small business owners are angry be-
cause ObamaCare promised to lower costs for the average family by $2,500. That was another broken promise from the White House. They said it would lower costs by an average of $2,500. Rather, ObamaCare now has increased the price of insurance and decreased the quality of affordable insurance. 
In addition to the quality of insur-
ance, the mandate has affected his company’s growth, said Dr. Sergio. Small business owners have a limited amount of capital to spend on their labor pool—employees. The mandates of ObamaCare have pushed spending over to the benefits side. This limits the amount of day-to-day compensa-tion increases a company can provide. 
This is not only demoralizing to the 
employee but frustrating to the em-ployer that is seeing capital going into an ObamaCare-compliant benefits plan that is not benefiting their employees as well as it used to. So all the touting of the magnificence of this ObamaCare helping people to have better insurance coverage without increasing their cost is a fraud. It has simply not turned out to be what it was promised to be, and it doesn’t benefit his employees—small business employees—as well as the plans they had before, he said. 
So this is Dr. Sergio’s current di-
lemma. He has a history of providing a strong benefits package, paying up to 
50 percent of insurance for employees and their dependents and now is unsure how he can keep it under the new law. He testified that surpassing 50 employ-ees would now bring on more adminis-trative costs and reporting require-ments, causing him to purposely stay under the 50-employee threshold and utilize more part-time employees that work less than 30 hours per week. 
We have heard story after story after 
story on this floor. I have an abun-dance of messages coming into my of-
fice simply saying I have no choice other than to put my full-time employ-ees on a part-time basis. And I have no choice of adding new employees who take me over the 50-employee thresh-old because it puts me into all these regulations and impositions by ObamaCare. So it is having a dramatic negative effect on employment—on business growth—and that is where the jobs are. It is not the big companies as much as it is small companies in Amer-ica, and they are being strangled over these regulations and taxes imposed and the regulations telling them what they have put together that their em-ployees are happy with, that allow the employer to be profitable so they can continue to maintain these benefits and increase wages is simply out the window under ObamaCare. 
Can we repair the damage of 
ObamaCare? Dr. Sergio closed his re-marks with this request: 
Please work to undo the vast harms that 
ObamaCare has and is causing to the middle class and start addressing the essential issue of unleashing small businesses to create mil-lions of new jobs which could raise most peo-ple from being at risk and into truly afford-able plans. 
As a small business entrepreneur and job 
creator, I urge you to repeal ObamaCare, and allow for market innovation within the health industry, and allow for pooling across State lines, and allow small businesses free-dom from oppressive requirements, new taxes and fees, and increased uncertainty. 
I was moved by his testimony, and 
that is why I am standing here today, so I can put it in the R
ECORD . I was 
moved by his experience of how ObamaCare has impacted his business decisions in a negative way, how it has hurt his employees, the families of his employees, how it has restricted him from expanding his business, how it has caused him from going to a profitable business, where he could do more re-search, do more innovation, pay more, provide more benefits to his employees to a situation where he now has to re-duce those benefits, where he has to sit down with his employees and say, I am sorry, under the requirements of this new act, this is where we are as a com-pany. We can’t continue to give you the benefits you once had. We can’t raise your wages because we are not making the profits, and it is either go out of business or it is to try to strug-gle along under this new law, which is why he believes we need to change it. 
I certainly agree with that, and I 
think this is backed by tens of millions of businesses all across America. We can all agree with the goal of ensuring access to quality care when it is need-ed. I don’t think anyone on this floor has disputed that fact. Unfortunately, a one-size-fits-all government-run health care system is not the answer. We are looking for the best workable, real-world solution for Americans and their health care, and we have not hit that mark. This Congress has failed and this administration has failed to hit that mark. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:34 Jun 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10JN6.009 S10JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3984 June 10, 2015 
We should pursue initiatives that 
truly make health care an option for all. Such initiatives should drive down costs by increasing competition and transparency, reforming medical mal-practice, making health insurance portable, promoting pooling options for small businesses, and giving States greater flexibility in how they deliver their services. 
Dr. Sergio should have better cer-
tainty for his business, and all small business people should have better cer-tainty for their future. His employees should have a better health care sys-tem, as should all Americans. These are the goals we need to reach. 
We should strive for a system that 
puts individuals squarely in charge of their health care and doesn’t discour-age Americans from working and im-proving their earnings. That is the American dream Dr. Sergio’s father sought to achieve when he started his business 36 years ago. That is the dream we should pursue. Yet we are hampered in doing that by the onerous regulations, taxes, and stipulations im-posed by the health care law passed by 
one party without any input from the opposing party, and famously labeled as something we would need to learn about after it was passed. That was probably the most telling statement by a Member of Congress—in this case the former majority leader and then- Speaker of the House of Representa-tives—about something that was shoved down America’s throat without any bipartisan support whatsoever. 
Now, yes, if it had been read before it 
was passed, we could have avoided all of this. It could have been debated and people could have looked for a bipar-tisan way of moving forward to provide health care for the uninsured and to ensure the health care plan they im-posed would not have these negative ef-fects. That is what should have hap-pened. It didn’t. We now have a chance to rectify that. We have a chance to remedy that. We are waiting for a Su-preme Court decision before we go for-ward with an alternative to what has cost us in terms of jobs and all the costs to small businesses in terms of their ability to grow. 
That is a part of the American 
dream. We have denied that under this health care program, and I am hoping my colleagues will join us as we look to address this very important issue— important not only for the health of the American public but important for the growth of our economy. 
Mr. President, with that, I suggest 
the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Will the 
Senator withhold his suggestion? 
Mr. COATS. The Senator will be 
happy to do just that. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Colorado. PROMOTING UNITED STATES IN-
TERESTS IN THE INDO-ASIA-PA-CIFIC REGION 
Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I 
come to the floor this morning to talk about an amendment I have filed to the National Defense Authorization Act, amendment No. 1708. 
This amendment would require the 
President to submit a comprehensive strategy within 120 days to promote 
U.S. interests in the Asia-Pacific re-gion. This language or similar lan-guage was already placed in the House version of the fiscal year 2016 National Defense Authorization Act. 
The amendment would assure that 
the U.S. Government is effectively marshaling resources and employing a whole-of-government approach to im-plement an effective, multifaceted en-gagement policy in the Indo-Asia-Pa-cific region. 
This region will be vital to U.S. na-
tional interests for generations to come, and the administration’s Asia pivot or rebalance policy was intended to reflect that. This is something the administration has talked about for years, this Asia rebalance or Asia pivot. But currently, the administra-tion does not seem to have such a com-prehensive strategy or approach that seamlessly incorporates U.S. military, diplomatic, and commercial activities to make the rebalance an effective pol-icy. 
In April of 2014, the Senate Foreign 
Relations Committee released a report stating that U.S. Government agencies ‘‘have not substantially prioritized their resources to increase engagement in the Asia-Pacific region.’’ In fact, if we look at U.S. foreign military assist-ance, I believe it ranks somewhere around 4 percent of spending. If we look at the Bureaus, this region we are addressing, hopefully through the Asia pivot and rebalance, receives about 1 percent or so of funding, depending on how we measure it. In fact, it is last among the Bureau funding. 
Last month, at the Shangri-La Dia-
logue in Singapore, Secretary of De-fense Ashton Carter announced a new initiative that envisions a boost in U.S. military assistance over the next 5 years to enhance maritime security ef-forts with Indonesia, Malaysia, the Philippines, Vietnam, and Thailand. This effort is a welcomed step forward but alone is not enough. 
These initiatives cannot take place 
in a vacuum. Department of Defense ef-forts need to be more effectively wed-ded with other efforts of U.S. Govern-ment agencies into a coherent and comprehensive strategy of assistance and engagement in the region. In light of the shared threats in the region, this lack of a comprehensive policy sends the wrong message to our allies throughout the region. 
The amendment will ensure that 
Congress is a genuine partner to the administration’s effort to implement this important effort. I ask my col-leagues to support this amendment. One of the challenges we have seen 
going forward, of course, in the Asia- Pacific region is—as we talk about Asia balance, as we talk about a pivot—our day-to-day attention seems to be more and more drawn to the Mid-dle East, rightly so. But our long-term interests lie in Asia and these regions that we are trying to negotiate a Trans-Pacific Partnership Agreement with. Hopefully, the House will pass trade promotion authority later this week, and we can begin to work in ear-nest on ideas that represent our com-mitment through the Asia pivot or Asia rebalance. 
I am concerned that we have talked a 
lot of good talk and we have put to-gether some fancy rhetoric and put a pretty good label on our foreign policy efforts as it relates to the Asia Pacific, but what we haven’t done is actually followed through. While I commend Secretary Carter for his efforts and commitment, we can’t just stop there. We must make sure we are doing every-thing we can to grow our opportunities in this region through an Asia pivot or Asia rebalance that truly does need re-energizing. 
One of the best ways to help a rising 
China truly become a great nation is to make sure it is abiding by the norms and standards of acceptable inter-national behavior. We have talked be-fore about the challenges we have— from violations of intellectual property rights and cyber theft. In fact, five PLA officers have been indicted. Presi-dent Obama has put forward an Execu-tive order listing possible sanctions on cyber threats. We know that if we can start avoiding these kinds of bad be-haviors when we start engaging Asia and our neighbors and friends through-out the region, the region we will be dealing with through the Trans-Pacific Partnership—it is my hope we can truly bring this amendment through the National Defense Authorization Act to bring coherence and clarity to the rebalance strategy we have talked about but so far have not been the best in our execution. 
f 
COLORADO’S WESTERN SLOPE 
Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I wish 
to talk a little bit about what is hap-pening on Colorado’s Western Slope this morning. 
Several weeks ago, a judge in Denver, 
CO, ruled that a permit was improperly given to a mine known as the Colowyo mine on the Western Slope in North-western Colorado. This lawsuit was brought, I think, some 8 years after this permit was granted. Mine employ-ees number around 220 people on Colo-rado’s Western Slope. It is critical to the region’s economy, and it is critical to the economy of Craig, CO. Without these employees and without this mine, it will truly be an economically devastating moment in Western Slope history. 
So I hope the Department of the Inte-
rior will pay attention to the multiple 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:34 Jun 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10JN6.010 S10JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3985 June 10, 2015 
letters they have received from our 
colleague Senator B ENNET , from Gov-
ernor Hickenlooper of Colorado, who have urged this to be taken seriously, to be reconsidered and appealed. It would be economically devastating for these communities to lose 220 jobs. I certainly hope the administration is paying the serious attention to this matter that it deserves. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. M
CCAIN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S
UL-
LIVAN ). Without objection, it is so or-
dered. 
The Senator from Arizona. 
f 
ORDER OF BUSINESS 
Mr. M CCAIN. Mr. President, we will 
begin today, and hopefully, with the agreement of my friend from Rhode Is-land, we will have some amendments, voice votes, and recorded votes today. My colleagues can look forward to it. Also, those who wish to come to the floor to propose amendments, we are still looking at, hopefully, an agree-ment that the amendments will be closed out by this evening. 
Mr. REED. We are fine with that. 
f 
THE PRESIDENT’S FOREIGN 
POLICY 
Mr. M CCAIN. Mr. President, I would 
like to say a few words here about the fact that apparently President Obama is now going to send hundreds more troops to Iraq. ‘‘The President plans to deploy hundreds,’’ according to the media reports, ‘‘more American troops to western Anbar Province, POLITICO has learned, to step up training for Iraqi troops who’ll be charged with re-taking the city of Ramadi and other ground lost to ISIL.’’ 
However, American troops still will not go 
into combat with Iraqi units, to help fight ISIL directly or to call for airstrikes. And defense officials continue to worry about Iraqis’ end of the bargain—whether Baghdad can send enough recruits to take advantage of a widened American training pipeline. One U.S. training center, at Al Assad Air Base in western Anbar, hasn’t had any Iraqi recruits to train for months. 
We are going to send 400 more people, 
maybe, to staff up their headquarters. I don’t know, but when we have a situa-tion where 75 percent of the air combat missions over Iraq and Syria return—75 percent of them—without dropping a weapon, it is so reminiscent of another war at another time many years ago where, under then-Secretary of Defense McNamara, this same kind of strategy prevailed. 
I would remind my colleagues of the 
various statements that have been made by President Obama and others. January 27, 2014: ‘‘Obama Likens ISIS 
to ‘J.V. Team.’’’ 
On August 7, 2014, Mr. Obama said 
that ‘‘the United States had no inten-tion of ‘being the Iraqi air force.’’’ 
September 10, 2014: 
President Obama authorized a major ex-
pansion of the campaign against the Islamic State, saying the United States was recruit-ing a global coalition to ‘‘degrade and ulti-mately destroy’’ the militants. 
Unfortunately, there is still—the 
President said I believe the day before yesterday that ‘‘we do not yet have a complete strategy’’ for fighting the Is-lamic State and that thousands of new fighters were replenishing the ranks of the militant group faster than the coa-lition could remove them from the fight. 
In other words, we are losing. I would remind my colleagues of the 
news items today. The Wall Street Journal: ‘‘U.S. Strategy in Lebanon Stirs Fears.’’ 
Critics say Washington’s funding cut for a 
program in Lebanon to develop alternative Shiite political voices to Hezbollah is an ef-fort to appease Iran. 
‘‘China military says conducted drills 
near Taiwan, Philippines.’’ 
Chinese warships and aircraft on Wednes-
day passed through Bashi Channel between Taiwan and the Philippines to hold routine planned exercises in the Western Pacific. 
The Hill: ‘‘U.S. training base in Iraq 
hasn’t seen a new recruit in weeks.’’ 
The U.S. mission in Iraq has stalled at one 
of the five coalition training sites because the central government has not been sending new recruits, according to defense officials. 
There is an interesting one in the 
Wall Street Journal: ‘‘Iraqi City of Mosul Transformed a Year After Is-lamic State Capture.’’ 
I remind my colleagues of the many 
statements made by American officials as well as Iraqis that they were going to retake the city of Mosul very quick-ly. 
In Islamic State’s stronghold of Mosul, the 
extremist group is working day and night to repair roads, manicure gardens and refurbish hotels. Iraq’s second-largest city has never looked so good thanks to strict laws enforced by the Sunni militants. But beneath that ve-neer, the group metes out deadly punish-ments to those who don’t comply with a long list of prohibitions imposed over the year since it took control of Mosul on June 10, 2014, according to interviews with more than a dozen current and former city. . . . offi-cials. 
Mosul is still almost fully inhabited—a 
contrast to cities where Iraqi and coalition forces have pushed the Islamic State out. 
Doctors, judges, and professors who defied 
or questioned Islamic State laws have been executed, sometimes by public stoning or crucifixion. Prisons are filled with people awaiting their sentences from the Islamic court. 
‘‘Nearly no one gets out alive,’’ one of the 
residents said. 
Then came the attacks on minorities. ‘‘There are many things we do not consider 
Islamic at all, like the way Christians were treated,’’ said a female doctor from Mosul who is pious and veiled. 
‘‘All of Mosul does not accept what has 
happened to the Christians,’’ said the woman, who lives in the northern city of 
Kirkuk. The group’s attack on minorities ‘‘was a major mistake that cost them our support.’’ 
‘‘Suicide bomber attacks tourist site 
in Luxor, four Egyptians wounded.’’ 
‘‘China military conducts drills near 
Taiwan, Philippines.’’ 
‘‘Al-Qaida militants in Libya attack 
IS after leader killed.’’ 
‘‘China exports repression beyond its 
borders.’’ 
‘‘Foreign Policy: Airstrikes Killing 
Thousands of Islamic State Fighters, but It Just Recruits More.’’ 
‘‘The strength of ISIS continues to grow, 
so they’re getting more in from recruits than they are losing through casualties,’’ said Rick Brennan, a former U.S. Army infantry officer who was a civilian adviser to the U.S. military in Iraq. . . . Brennan, now a senior political scientist at the Rand Corp., said he was basing his opinion on intelligence esti-mates that have been made public. 
So the bragging about killing 10,000 
ISIS—they forgot to mention that there are more coming in than they are killing—also reminiscent of the days of the Vietnam war where body counts seemed to be the criteria. 
‘‘Islamic State keeps firm grip one 
year after Mosul’s fall.’’ 
Weak Iraqi forces no closer to reclaiming 
strategic city. 
The New York Times: ‘‘ISIS Stages 
Attacks in Iraq and Libya, Despite U.S. Airstrikes.’’ 
Islamic State militants staged attacks 
near Baghdad and the Libyan city of Surt on Tuesday, underscoring the group’s persistent strength on both fronts despite a monthlong American-led air campaign against it in Syria and Iraq. 
The Wall Street Journal: ‘‘U.S. Pre-
pares Plan to Send Hundreds More Trainers to Iraq,’’ as I talked about. 
The Associated Press: ‘‘State Dep’t 
spokesman: Saving Iraq could take 3–5 years.’’ 
Naturally, there is no mention of 
Syria. 
By the way, they said that they were 
developing if not a complete strategy— I would like to know the incomplete part of it. I would like to know what strategy there is of any kind. 
The Wall Street Journal: ‘‘Iraqi City 
of Mosul Transformed a Year After Is-lamic State Capture.’’ 
I mentioned before that ISIS stage 
attacks in Iraq and Libya despite U.S. airstrikes. 
It goes on and on. Meanwhile, the 
President of the United States will, ac-cording to the media reports, announce today that we will send 400 or so more to Iraq, none of which is accompanied by a strategy, none of which is accom-panied by forward air controllers, so we will continue to see 75 percent of the combat missions flown return to base without having discharged their weap-ons since we have no one on the ground to identify targets. This is incrementalism at its best or worst, de-pending on how you would describe it. 
Today, I hope we will be able to take 
some additional amendments. We have a managers’ package getting prepared, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:28 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10JN6.012 S10JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3986 June 10, 2015 
and I believe Senator R EEDand I are 
moving forward with some amend-ments we can have debated and also voted on today. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING 
BUSINESS 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Morning 
business is closed. 
f 
NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZA-
TION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2016 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will re-sume consideration of H.R. 1735, which the clerk will report. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 1735) to authorize appropria-
tions for fiscal year 2016 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for mili-tary construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
Pending: 
McCain amendment No. 1463, in the nature 
of a substitute. 
McCain amendment No. 1456 (to amend-
ment No. 1463), to require additional infor-mation supporting long-range plans for con-struction of naval vessels. 
Cornyn amendment No. 1486 (to amend-
ment No. 1463), to require reporting on en-ergy security issues involving Europe and the Russian Federation, and to express the sense of Congress regarding ways the United States could help vulnerable allies and part-ners with energy security. 
Vitter amendment No. 1473 (to amendment 
No. 1463), to limit the retirement of Army combat units. 
Markey amendment No. 1645 (to amend-
ment No. 1463), to express the sense of Con-gress that exports of crude oil to United States allies and partners should not be de-termined to be consistent with the national interest if those exports would increase en-ergy prices in the United States for Amer-ican consumers or businesses or increase the reliance of the United States on imported oil. 
Reed (for Blumenthal) amendment No. 1564 
(to amendment No. 1463), to increase civil penalties for violations of the Servicemem-bers Civil Relief Act. 
McCain (for Paul) modified amendment No. 
1543 (to amendment No. 1463), to strengthen employee cost savings suggestions programs within the Federal Government. 
Reed (for Durbin) modified amendment No. 
1559 (to amendment No. 1463), to prohibit the award of Department of Defense contracts to inverted domestic corporations. 
McCain (for Burr) amendment No. 1569 (to 
amendment No. 1463), to ensure criminal background checks of employees of the mili-tary child care system and providers of child care services and youth program services for military dependents. 
Feinstein (for McCain) amendment No. 1889 
(to amendment No. 1463), to reaffirm the pro-hibition on torture. 
Fischer/Booker amendment No. 1825 (to 
amendment No. 1463), to authorize appropria-tions for national security aspects of the Merchant Marine for fiscal years 2016 and 2017. 
Burr/McCain amendment No. 1921 (to 
amendment No. 1569), to improve cybersecu-rity in the United States through enhanced sharing of information about cybersecurity threats. Mr. M CCAIN. Mr. President, I suggest 
the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Ms. MIKULSKI. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Ms. MIKULSKI. Mr. President, I was 
first going to offer an amendment, but both the chairman and ranking mem-ber of the committee suggested that I wait until after they have had a chance to review some of the technical details. So I will speak on an amendment that I will in all probability offer at a later time. 
My amendment really goes to how we 
make sure we help our troops with the many stresses that are in their lives. My goal is to add money to funding our commissaries. This amendment, which I will offer at a later time, restores $322 million in cuts to commissaries pro-posed by the Department of Defense. It would authorize $1.4 billion in fund-ing—the same level that is in the House National Defense Authorization Act and in the House Defense appro-priations bill. It offsets the $322 million for commissaries by reducing the Pen-tagon’s budget in failed policies to buy spare parts. They have a lot of waste there, and we think we can find the $322 million we need there, and that is the technical issue we need to work, also known as the offset. But what is not technical is the fact that we have to make sure our commissaries func-tion at their current level. 
Commissaries represent one of the 
most significant and lasting benefits for military members and their fami-lies. Commissaries have been around since 1826, giving military families the ability to shop at a network of stores. The commissary system is simple. If you are Active Duty, Reserve, National Guard, or a retired member of the fam-ily, you have access to 246 com-missaries worldwide. They are particu-larly important to many of our troops overseas, and they give military fami-lies affordable access to healthy foods. 
The benefits of commissaries are sig-
nificant. They feed those people who are actually members of our military. They help military families stretch their budgets, and they also help pro-vide jobs to family members in the military who work in those com-missaries. 
Our distinguished colleagues on the 
authorizing committee, Senator M
CCAINand Senator J ACK REED, are 
themselves military men. Senator M
CCAIN is a graduate of the Naval 
Academy and Senator J ACKREEDgrad-
uated from West Point. They know that one of the big expenditures right now for our military is rising health costs. The military itself is looking at how to make sure they keep our troops healthy not only while they are doing their job but also how to keep them healthy so that when they move on, 
they will be in excellent shape. The commissaries do those kinds of things. They provide what grocery stores pro-vide—fresh fruits and vegetables. They provide healthy foods. 
Also, for example, my own com-
missary at Fort Meade, which is part of the Healthy Base Initiative, has shown people how to stretch their dollar more so they can get more for their family budget and also has actual rec-ommendations on how to add nutri-tion—save money and add nutrition. If we want to bend the health care cost curve, while we are looking at impor-tant medical research, research shows that good food leads to good health. 
The other thing is this: Military 
members get a significant savings from commissaries. The average savings is about 30 percent on a grocery bill. For a family of four, that comes to over $4,000 a year. Everyone knows how much military families are stretched, and for our men and women who are enlisted, this is a really big deal. We need to make this available for them. 
What many people don’t realize is 
that the commissaries not only create jobs, but 60 percent of commissary workers are spouses of men who serve in the military. About 100,000 jobs are supported through commissaries. The other thing the DOD wants to do is cut their hours. Well, if they cut their hours, that does cut jobs, but it also cuts opportunity. 
When you are in the military, you 
work around the clock. You are not on the clock; you work around the clock. So if you are a military police officer, you could be getting off of duty late at night. If you are someone who repairs our helicopters or airplanes, you could be getting off at night. 
The commissary at Fort Meade 
serves agencies such as the National Security Agency. They essentially work a 36-hour day. They work around the clock, 24 hours a day. Our com-missary isn’t open 24 hours a day, but I can tell you it can’t be open from 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. and still meet the needs of our military workforce. 
The Department of Defense wants to 
make the commissaries more self-sus-taining, and we don’t argue with that. We can always find efficiencies and look at new ways to do things. But don’t cut $322 million and further cut it close to $1 billion over the next 4 years. 
What we want to do is make sure our 
military families have what they need. First of all, we want them to have good food. We want them to be able to go to these commissaries at hours that work for military families. We also want to look at the long-range effects of bend-ing the health care curve. 
I am going to come back to the com-
missary at Fort Meade. I am very proud of the fact that Fort Meade is what we call a compassionate post. That means if you are in the U.S. 
Army and you have a special needs child, one of the highly desirable places to be based is at Fort Meade. Why? Be-cause Anne Arundel County has one of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:34 Jun 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10JN6.014 S10JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3987 June 10, 2015 
the best programs for special education 
in the State and in the country. You also have access to Kennedy Krieger, which is one of the internationally iconic agencies that address the needs of children with not only special needs but multiple special needs. 
We are very happy that Fort Meade 
is in Maryland and that it is known as a compassionate post. But think of those families who have a child with cerebral palsy or multiple complica-tions that might even require the child to constantly need a respirator. All of these things go on along with the stress of being a military family. We can certainly keep the commissaries open so that they can get the food they need for their families and have the commissaries open during the hours that work for them. This is what real life in the military is. 
After Desert Storm, I remember 
when the Appropriations Committee met under the leadership of Senator Byrd and Senator Ted Steven. They asked General Schwarzkopf what he needed in an after-action report. He said: We need better intelligence. And we worked really hard to upgrade to where we are. He also said: We need better food. We need better food for our troops, and people need to believe their families are being taken care of while they are in harm’s way. 
We ask a lot from our military, and 
our military families are now asking us: Don’t cut the commissaries. Keep them open. Keep them affordable. Keep them available. Once we clarify the technicalities of the offset, which is re-quired, I will come back and offer my amendment, which I hope will pass the Senate with a 100-to-0 vote. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1569, AS MODIFIED  
Mr. M CCAIN. Mr. President, I modify 
my amendment No. 1569 by accepting the second-degree amendment No. 1921, offered by the Senator from North Carolina. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator has that right. The amendment is so modified. 
The amendment, as modified, is as 
follows: 
At the end of subtitle F of title V, add the 
following: 
TITLE XVII—CYBERSECURITY 
INFORMATION SHARING 
SECTION 1701. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Cybersecu-
rity Information Sharing Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 1702. DEFINITIONS. 
In this title: (1) A
GENCY .—The term ‘‘agency’’ has the 
meaning given the term in section 3502 of title 44, United States Code. 
(2) A
NTITRUST LAWS .—The term ‘‘antitrust 
laws’’— (A) has the meaning given the term in sec-
tion 1 of the Clayton Act (15 U.S.C. 12); 
(B) includes section 5 of the Federal Trade 
Commission Act (15 U.S.C. 45) to the extent that section 5 of that Act applies to unfair methods of competition; and 
(C) includes any State law that has the 
same intent and effect as the laws under sub-paragraphs (A) and (B). 
(3) A
PPROPRIATE FEDERAL ENTITIES .—The 
term ‘‘appropriate Federal entities’’ means the following: 
(A) The Department of Commerce. (B) The Department of Defense. (C) The Department of Energy. (D) The Department of Homeland Security. (E) The Department of Justice. (F) The Department of the Treasury. (G) The Office of the Director of National 
Intelligence. 
(4) C
YBERSECURITY PURPOSE .—The term 
‘‘cybersecurity purpose’’ means the purpose of protecting an information system or infor-mation that is stored on, processed by, or transiting an information system from a cy-bersecurity threat or security vulnerability. 
(5) C
YBERSECURITY THREAT .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
subparagraph (B), the term ‘‘cybersecurity threat’’ means an action, not protected by the First Amendment to the Constitution of the United States, on or through an informa-tion system that may result in an unauthor-ized effort to adversely impact the security, availability, confidentiality, or integrity of an information system or information that is stored on, processed by, or transiting an information system. 
(B) E
XCLUSION .—The term ‘‘cybersecurity 
threat’’ does not include any action that solely involves a violation of a consumer term of service or a consumer licensing agreement. 
(6) C
YBER THREAT INDICATOR .—The term 
‘‘cyber threat indicator’’ means information that is necessary to describe or identify— 
(A) malicious reconnaissance, including 
anomalous patterns of communications that appear to be transmitted for the purpose of gathering technical information related to a cybersecurity threat or security vulner-ability; 
(B) a method of defeating a security con-
trol or exploitation of a security vulner-ability; 
(C) a security vulnerability, including 
anomalous activity that appears to indicate the existence of a security vulnerability; 
(D) a method of causing a user with legiti-
mate access to an information system or in-formation that is stored on, processed by, or 
transiting an information system to unwit-tingly enable the defeat of a security control or exploitation of a security vulnerability; 
(E) malicious cyber command and control; (F) the actual or potential harm caused by 
an incident, including a description of the in-formation exfiltrated as a result of a par-ticular cybersecurity threat; 
(G) any other attribute of a cybersecurity 
threat, if disclosure of such attribute is not otherwise prohibited by law; or 
(H) any combination thereof. (7) D
EFENSIVE MEASURE .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
subparagraph (B), the term ‘‘defensive meas-ure’’ means an action, device, procedure, sig-nature, technique, or other measure applied to an information system or information that is stored on, processed by, or transiting an information system that detects, pre-vents, or mitigates a known or suspected cy-bersecurity threat or security vulnerability. 
(B) E
XCLUSION .—The term ‘‘defensive meas-
ure’’ does not include a measure that de-stroys, renders unusable, or substantially harms an information system or data on an information system not belonging to— (i) the private entity operating the meas-
ure; or 
(ii) another entity or Federal entity that is 
authorized to provide consent and has pro-vided consent to that private entity for oper-ation of such measure. 
(8) E
NTITY .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Except as otherwise pro-
vided in this paragraph, the term ‘‘entity’’ means any private entity, non-Federal gov-ernment agency or department, or State, tribal, or local government (including a po-litical subdivision, department, or compo-nent thereof). 
(B) I
NCLUSIONS .—The term ‘‘entity’’ in-
cludes a government agency or department of the District of Columbia, the Common-wealth of Puerto Rico, the Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, the Northern Mar-iana Islands, and any other territory or pos-session of the United States. 
(C) E
XCLUSION .—The term ‘‘entity’’ does 
not include a foreign power as defined in sec-tion 101 of the Foreign Intelligence Surveil-lance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1801). 
(9) F
EDERAL ENTITY .—The term ‘‘Federal 
entity’’ means a department or agency of the United States or any component of such de-partment or agency. 
(10) I
NFORMATION SYSTEM .—The term ‘‘in-
formation system’’— 
(A) has the meaning given the term in sec-
tion 3502 of title 44, United States Code; and 
(B) includes industrial control systems, 
such as supervisory control and data acquisi-tion systems, distributed control systems, and programmable logic controllers. 
(11) L
OCAL GOVERNMENT .—The term ‘‘local 
government’’ means any borough, city, coun-ty, parish, town, township, village, or other political subdivision of a State. 
(12) M
ALICIOUS CYBER COMMAND AND CON -
TROL .—The term ‘‘malicious cyber command 
and control’’ means a method for unauthor-ized remote identification of, access to, or use of, an information system or information that is stored on, processed by, or transiting an information system. 
(13) M
ALICIOUS RECONNAISSANCE .—The term 
‘‘malicious reconnaissance’’ means a method for actively probing or passively monitoring an information system for the purpose of dis-cerning security vulnerabilities of the infor-mation system, if such method is associated with a known or suspected cybersecurity threat. 
(14) M
ONITOR .—The term ‘‘monitor’’ means 
to acquire, identify, or scan, or to possess, information that is stored on, processed by, or transiting an information system. 
(15) P
RIVATE ENTITY .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Except as otherwise pro-
vided in this paragraph, the term ‘‘private entity’’ means any person or private group, organization, proprietorship, partnership, trust, cooperative, corporation, or other commercial or nonprofit entity, including an officer, employee, or agent thereof. 
(B) I
NCLUSION .—The term ‘‘private entity’’ 
includes a State, tribal, or local government performing electric utility services. 
(C) E
XCLUSION .—The term ‘‘private entity’’ 
does not include a foreign power as defined in section 101 of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1801). 
(16) S
ECURITY CONTROL .—The term ‘‘secu-
rity control’’ means the management, oper-ational, and technical controls used to pro-tect against an unauthorized effort to ad-versely affect the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of an information system or its information. 
(17) S
ECURITY VULNERABILITY .—The term 
‘‘security vulnerability’’ means any at-tribute of hardware, software, process, or procedure that could enable or facilitate the defeat of a security control. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:34 Jun 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10JN6.015 S10JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3988 June 10, 2015 
(18) T RIBAL .—The term ‘‘tribal’’ has the 
meaning given the term ‘‘Indian tribe’’ in section 4 of the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 450b). 
SEC. 1703. SHARING OF INFORMATION BY THE 
FEDERAL GOVERNMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Consistent with the pro-
tection of classified information, intel-ligence sources and methods, and privacy and civil liberties, the Director of National Intelligence, the Secretary of Homeland Se-curity, the Secretary of Defense, and the At-torney General, in consultation with the heads of the appropriate Federal entities, shall develop and promulgate procedures to facilitate and promote— 
(1) the timely sharing of classified cyber 
threat indicators in the possession of the Federal Government with cleared represent-atives of relevant entities; 
(2) the timely sharing with relevant enti-
ties of cyber threat indicators or informa-tion in the possession of the Federal Govern-ment that may be declassified and shared at an unclassified level; 
(3) the sharing with relevant entities, or 
the public if appropriate, of unclassified, in-cluding controlled unclassified, cyber threat indicators in the possession of the Federal Government; and 
(4) the sharing with entities, if appro-
priate, of information in the possession of the Federal Government about cybersecurity threats to such entities to prevent or miti-gate adverse effects from such cybersecurity threats. 
(b) D
EVELOPMENT OF PROCEDURES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The procedures developed 
and promulgated under subsection (a) shall— 
(A) ensure the Federal Government has 
and maintains the capability to share cyber threat indicators in real time consistent with the protection of classified information; 
(B) incorporate, to the greatest extent 
practicable, existing processes and existing roles and responsibilities of Federal and non- Federal entities for information sharing by the Federal Government, including sector specific information sharing and analysis centers; 
(C) include procedures for notifying enti-
ties that have received a cyber threat indi-cator from a Federal entity under this title that is known or determined to be in error or in contravention of the requirements of this title or another provision of Federal law or policy of such error or contravention; 
(D) include requirements for Federal enti-
ties receiving cyber threat indicators or de-fensive measures to implement and utilize security controls to protect against unau-thorized access to or acquisition of such cyber threat indicators or defensive meas-ures; and 
(E) include procedures that require a Fed-
eral entity, prior to the sharing of a cyber threat indicator— 
(i) to review such cyber threat indicator to 
assess whether such cyber threat indicator contains any information that such Federal entity knows at the time of sharing to be personal information of or identifying a spe-cific person not directly related to a cyberse-curity threat and remove such information; or 
(ii) to implement and utilize a technical 
capability configured to remove any per-sonal information of or identifying a specific person not directly related to a cybersecu-rity threat. 
(2) C
OORDINATION .—In developing the proce-
dures required under this section, the Direc-tor of National Intelligence, the Secretary of Homeland Security, the Secretary of De-fense, and the Attorney General shall coordi-nate with appropriate Federal entities, in-cluding the National Laboratories (as de-fined in section 1702 of the Energy Policy Act 
of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 15801)), to ensure that effec-tive protocols are implemented that will fa-cilitate and promote the sharing of cyber threat indicators by the Federal Government in a timely manner. 
(c) S
UBMITTAL TO CONGRESS .—Not later 
than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this title, the Director of National Intel-ligence, in consultation with the heads of the appropriate Federal entities, shall submit to Congress the procedures required by sub-section (a). 
SEC. 1704. AUTHORIZATIONS FOR PREVENTING, 
DETECTING, ANALYZING, AND MITI-GATING CYBERSECURITY THREATS. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION FOR MONITORING .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any 
other provision of law, a private entity may, for cybersecurity purposes, monitor— 
(A) an information system of such private 
entity; 
(B) an information system of another enti-
ty, upon the authorization and written con-sent of such other entity; 
(C) an information system of a Federal en-
tity, upon the authorization and written con-sent of an authorized representative of the Federal entity; and 
(D) information that is stored on, proc-
essed by, or transiting an information sys-tem monitored by the private entity under this paragraph. 
(2) C
ONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this sub-
section shall be construed— 
(A) to authorize the monitoring of an in-
formation system, or the use of any informa-tion obtained through such monitoring, other than as provided in this title; or 
(B) to limit otherwise lawful activity. 
(b) A
UTHORIZATION FOR OPERATION OF DE-
FENSIVE MEASURES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any 
other provision of law, a private entity may, for cybersecurity purposes, operate a defen-sive measure that is applied to— 
(A) an information system of such private 
entity in order to protect the rights or prop-erty of the private entity; 
(B) an information system of another enti-
ty upon written consent of such entity for operation of such defensive measure to pro-tect the rights or property of such entity; and 
(C) an information system of a Federal en-
tity upon written consent of an authorized representative of such Federal entity for op-eration of such defensive measure to protect the rights or property of the Federal Govern-ment. 
(2) C
ONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this sub-
section shall be construed— 
(A) to authorize the use of a defensive 
measure other than as provided in this sub-section; or 
(B) to limit otherwise lawful activity. 
(c) A
UTHORIZATION FOR SHARING OR RECEIV -
INGCYBER THREAT INDICATORS OR DEFENSIVE  
MEASURES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
paragraph (2) and notwithstanding any other provision of law, an entity may, for the pur-poses permitted under this title and con-sistent with the protection of classified in-formation, share with, or receive from, any other entity or the Federal Government a cyber threat indicator or defensive measure. 
(2) L
AWFUL RESTRICTION .—An entity receiv-
ing a cyber threat indicator or defensive measure from another entity or Federal enti-ty shall comply with otherwise lawful re-strictions placed on the sharing or use of such cyber threat indicator or defensive measure by the sharing entity or Federal en-tity. 
(3) C
ONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this sub-
section shall be construed— (A) to authorize the sharing or receiving of 
a cyber threat indicator or defensive meas-ure other than as provided in this sub-section; or 
(B) to limit otherwise lawful activity. 
(d) P
ROTECTION AND USE OF INFORMATION .— 
(1) S ECURITY OF INFORMATION .—An entity 
monitoring an information system, oper-ating a defensive measure, or providing or receiving a cyber threat indicator or defen-sive measure under this section shall imple-ment and utilize a security control to pro-tect against unauthorized access to or acqui-sition of such cyber threat indicator or de-fensive measure. 
(2) R
EMOVAL OF CERTAIN PERSONAL INFOR -
MATION .—An entity sharing a cyber threat 
indicator pursuant to this title shall, prior to such sharing— 
(A) review such cyber threat indicator to 
assess whether such cyber threat indicator contains any information that the entity knows at the time of sharing to be personal information of or identifying a specific per-son not directly related to a cybersecurity threat and remove such information; or 
(B) implement and utilize a technical capa-
bility configured to remove any information contained within such indicator that the en-tity knows at the time of sharing to be per-sonal information of or identifying a specific person not directly related to a cybersecu-rity threat. 
(3) U
SE OF CYBER THREAT INDICATORS AND  
DEFENSIVE MEASURES BY ENTITIES .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Consistent with this 
title, a cyber threat indicator or defensive measure shared or received under this sec-tion may, for cybersecurity purposes— 
(i) be used by an entity to monitor or oper-
ate a defensive measure on— 
(I) an information system of the entity; or (II) an information system of another enti-
ty or a Federal entity upon the written con-sent of that other entity or that Federal en-tity; and 
(ii) be otherwise used, retained, and further 
shared by an entity subject to— 
(I) an otherwise lawful restriction placed 
by the sharing entity or Federal entity on such cyber threat indicator or defensive measure; or 
(II) an otherwise applicable provision of 
law. 
(B) C
ONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this para-
graph shall be construed to authorize the use of a cyber threat indicator or defensive measure other than as provided in this sec-tion. 
(4) U
SE OF CYBER THREAT INDICATORS BY  
STATE , TRIBAL , OR LOCAL GOVERNMENT .— 
(A) L AW ENFORCEMENT USE .— 
(i) P RIOR WRITTEN CONSENT .—Except as pro-
vided in clause (ii), a cyber threat indicator shared with a State, tribal, or local govern-ment under this section may, with the prior written consent of the entity sharing such indicator, be used by a State, tribal, or local government for the purpose of preventing, investigating, or prosecuting any of the of-fenses described in section 1705(d)(5)(A)(vi). 
(ii) O
RAL CONSENT .—If exigent cir-
cumstances prevent obtaining written con-sent under clause (i), such consent may be provided orally with subsequent documenta-tion of the consent. 
(B) E
XEMPTION FROM DISCLOSURE .—A cyber 
threat indicator shared with a State, tribal, or local government under this section shall be— 
(i) deemed voluntarily shared information; 
and 
(ii) exempt from disclosure under any 
State, tribal, or local law requiring disclo-sure of information or records. 
(C) S
TATE , TRIBAL , AND LOCAL REGULATORY  
AUTHORITY .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:34 Jun 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JN6.001 S10JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3989 June 10, 2015 
(i) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
clause (ii), a cyber threat indicator or defen-sive measure shared with a State, tribal, or local government under this title shall not be directly used by any State, tribal, or local government to regulate, including an en-forcement action, the lawful activity of any entity, including an activity relating to monitoring, operating a defensive measure, or sharing of a cyber threat indicator. 
(ii) R
EGULATORY AUTHORITY SPECIFICALLY  
RELATING TO PREVENTION OR MITIGATION OF  
CYBERSECURITY THREATS .—A cyber threat in-
dicator or defensive measures shared as de-scribed in clause (i) may, consistent with a State, tribal, or local government regulatory authority specifically relating to the preven-tion or mitigation of cybersecurity threats to information systems, inform the develop-
ment or implementation of a regulation re-lating to such information systems. 
(e) A
NTITRUST EXEMPTION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in sec-
tion 1708(e), it shall not be considered a vio-lation of any provision of antitrust laws for 2 or more private entities to exchange or provide a cyber threat indicator, or assist-ance relating to the prevention, investiga-tion, or mitigation of a cybersecurity threat, for cybersecurity purposes under this title. 
(2) A
PPLICABILITY .—Paragraph (1) shall 
apply only to information that is exchanged or assistance provided in order to assist with— 
(A) facilitating the prevention, investiga-
tion, or mitigation of a cybersecurity threat to an information system or information that is stored on, processed by, or transiting an information system; or 
(B) communicating or disclosing a cyber 
threat indicator to help prevent, investigate, or mitigate the effect of a cybersecurity threat to an information system or informa-tion that is stored on, processed by, or transiting an information system. 
(f) N
ORIGHT OR BENEFIT .—The sharing of a 
cyber threat indicator with an entity under this title shall not create a right or benefit to similar information by such entity or any other entity. 
SEC. 1705. SHARING OF CYBER THREAT INDICA-
TORS AND DEFENSIVE MEASURES WITH THE FEDERAL GOVERNMENT. 
(a) R EQUIREMENT FOR POLICIES AND PROCE -
DURES .— 
(1) I NTERIM POLICIES AND PROCEDURES .—Not 
later than 60 days after the date of the enact-ment of this title, the Attorney General, in coordination with the heads of the appro-priate Federal entities, shall develop and submit to Congress interim policies and pro-cedures relating to the receipt of cyber threat indicators and defensive measures by the Federal Government. 
(2) F
INAL POLICIES AND PROCEDURES .—Not 
later than 180 days after the date of the en-actment of this title, the Attorney General shall, in coordination with the heads of the appropriate Federal entities, promulgate final policies and procedures relating to the receipt of cyber threat indicators and defen-sive measures by the Federal Government. 
(3) R
EQUIREMENTS CONCERNING POLICIES AND  
PROCEDURES .—Consistent with the guidelines 
required by subsection (b), the policies and procedures developed and promulgated under this subsection shall— 
(A) ensure that cyber threat indicators are 
shared with the Federal Government by any entity pursuant to section 1704(c) through the real-time process described in subsection (c) of this section— 
(i) are shared in an automated manner 
with all of the appropriate Federal entities; 
(ii) are not subject to any delay, modifica-
tion, or any other action that could impede real-time receipt by all of the appropriate Federal entities; and (iii) may be provided to other Federal enti-
ties; 
(B) ensure that cyber threat indicators 
shared with the Federal Government by any entity pursuant to section 1704 in a manner other than the real-time process described in subsection (c) of this section— 
(i) are shared as quickly as operationally 
practicable with all of the appropriate Fed-eral entities; 
(ii) are not subject to any unnecessary 
delay, interference, or any other action that could impede receipt by all of the appro-priate Federal entities; and 
(iii) may be provided to other Federal enti-
ties; 
(C) consistent with this title, any other ap-
plicable provisions of law, and the fair infor-mation practice principles set forth in ap-pendix A of the document entitled ‘‘National Strategy for Trusted Identities in Cyber-space’’ and published by the President in April 2011, govern the retention, use, and dis-semination by the Federal Government of cyber threat indicators shared with the Fed-eral Government under this title, including the extent, if any, to which such cyber threat indicators may be used by the Federal Government; and 
(D) ensure there is— (i) an audit capability; and (ii) appropriate sanctions in place for offi-
cers, employees, or agents of a Federal enti-ty who knowingly and willfully conduct ac-tivities under this title in an unauthorized manner. 
(4) G
UIDELINES FOR ENTITIES SHARING CYBER  
THREAT INDICATORS WITH FEDERAL GOVERN -
MENT .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 60 days 
after the date of the enactment of this title, the Attorney General shall develop and make publicly available guidance to assist entities and promote sharing of cyber threat indicators with Federal entities under this title. 
(B) C
ONTENTS .—The guidelines developed 
and made publicly available under subpara-graph (A) shall include guidance on the fol-lowing: 
(i) Identification of types of information 
that would qualify as a cyber threat indi-cator under this title that would be unlikely 
to include personal information of or identi-fying a specific person not directly related to a cyber security threat. 
(ii) Identification of types of information 
protected under otherwise applicable privacy laws that are unlikely to be directly related to a cybersecurity threat. 
(iii) Such other matters as the Attorney 
General considers appropriate for entities sharing cyber threat indicators with Federal entities under this title. 
(b) P
RIVACY AND CIVILLIBERTIES .— 
(1) G UIDELINES OF ATTORNEY GENERAL .—Not 
later than 60 days after the date of the enact-ment of this title, the Attorney General shall, in coordination with heads of the ap-propriate Federal entities and in consulta-tion with officers designated under section 1062 of the National Security Intelligence Reform Act of 2004 (42 U.S.C. 2000ee–1), de-velop, submit to Congress, and make avail-able to the public interim guidelines relating to privacy and civil liberties which shall govern the receipt, retention, use, and dis-semination of cyber threat indicators by a Federal entity obtained in connection with activities authorized in this title. 
(2) F
INAL GUIDELINES .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this title, the Attorney General shall, in coordination with heads of the appropriate Federal enti-ties and in consultation with officers des-ignated under section 1062 of the National Security Intelligence Reform Act of 2004 (42 U.S.C. 2000ee–1) and such private entities 
with industry expertise as the Attorney Gen-eral considers relevant, promulgate final guidelines relating to privacy and civil lib-erties which shall govern the receipt, reten-tion, use, and dissemination of cyber threat indicators by a Federal entity obtained in connection with activities authorized in this title. 
(B) P
ERIODIC REVIEW .—The Attorney Gen-
eral shall, in coordination with heads of the appropriate Federal entities and in consulta-tion with officers and private entities de-scribed in subparagraph (A), periodically re-view the guidelines promulgated under sub-paragraph (A). 
(3) C
ONTENT .—The guidelines required by 
paragraphs (1) and (2) shall, consistent with the need to protect information systems from cybersecurity threats and mitigate cy-bersecurity threats— 
(A) limit the impact on privacy and civil 
liberties of activities by the Federal Govern-ment under this title; 
(B) limit the receipt, retention, use, and 
dissemination of cyber threat indicators con-taining personal information of or identi-fying specific persons, including by estab-lishing— 
(i) a process for the timely destruction of 
such information that is known not to be di-rectly related to uses authorized under this title; and 
(ii) specific limitations on the length of 
any period in which a cyber threat indicator may be retained; 
(C) include requirements to safeguard 
cyber threat indicators containing personal information of or identifying specific persons from unauthorized access or acquisition, in-cluding appropriate sanctions for activities by officers, employees, or agents of the Fed-eral Government in contravention of such guidelines; 
(D) include procedures for notifying enti-
ties and Federal entities if information re-ceived pursuant to this section is known or determined by a Federal entity receiving such information not to constitute a cyber threat indicator; 
(E) protect the confidentiality of cyber 
threat indicators containing personal infor-mation of or identifying specific persons to the greatest extent practicable and require recipients to be informed that such indica-tors may only be used for purposes author-ized under this title; and 
(F) include steps that may be needed so 
that dissemination of cyber threat indicators is consistent with the protection of classified and other sensitive national security infor-
mation. 
(c) C
APABILITY AND PROCESS WITHIN THE  
DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days 
after the date of the enactment of this title, the Secretary of Homeland Security, in co-ordination with the heads of the appropriate Federal entities, shall develop and imple-ment a capability and process within the De-partment of Homeland Security that— 
(A) shall accept from any entity in real 
time cyber threat indicators and defensive measures, pursuant to this section; 
(B) shall, upon submittal of the certifi-
cation under paragraph (2) that such capa-bility and process fully and effectively oper-ates as described in such paragraph, be the process by which the Federal Government re-ceives cyber threat indicators and defensive measures under this title that are shared by a private entity with the Federal Govern-ment through electronic mail or media, an interactive form on an Internet website, or a real time, automated process between infor-mation systems except— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:34 Jun 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JN6.001 S10JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3990 June 10, 2015 
(i) communications between a Federal en-
tity and a private entity regarding a pre-viously shared cyber threat indicator; and 
(ii) communications by a regulated entity 
with such entity’s Federal regulatory au-thority regarding a cybersecurity threat; 
(C) ensures that all of the appropriate Fed-
eral entities receive in an automated manner such cyber threat indicators shared through the real-time process within the Department of Homeland Security; 
(D) is in compliance with the policies, pro-
cedures, and guidelines required by this sec-tion; and 
(E) does not limit or prohibit otherwise 
lawful disclosures of communications, records, or other information, including— 
(i) reporting of known or suspected crimi-
nal activity, by an entity to any other entity or a Federal entity; 
(ii) voluntary or legally compelled partici-
pation in a Federal investigation; and 
(iii) providing cyber threat indicators or 
defensive measures as part of a statutory or authorized contractual requirement. 
(2) C
ERTIFICATION .—Not later than 10 days 
prior to the implementation of the capa-bility and process required by paragraph (1), the Secretary of Homeland Security shall, in consultation with the heads of the appro-priate Federal entities, certify to Congress whether such capability and process fully and effectively operates— 
(A) as the process by which the Federal 
Government receives from any entity a cyber threat indicator or defensive measure under this title; and 
(B) in accordance with the policies, proce-
dures, and guidelines developed under this section. 
(3) P
UBLIC NOTICE AND ACCESS .—The Sec-
retary of Homeland Security shall ensure there is public notice of, and access to, the capability and process developed and imple-mented under paragraph (1) so that— 
(A) any entity may share cyber threat in-
dicators and defensive measures through such process with the Federal Government; and 
(B) all of the appropriate Federal entities 
receive such cyber threat indicators and de-
fensive measures in real time with receipt through the process within the Department of Homeland Security. 
(4) O
THER FEDERAL ENTITIES .—The process 
developed and implemented under paragraph (1) shall ensure that other Federal entities receive in a timely manner any cyber threat indicators and defensive measures shared with the Federal Government through such process. 
(5) R
EPORT ON DEVELOPMENT AND IMPLEMEN -
TATION .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 60 days 
after the date of the enactment of this title, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall submit to Congress a report on the develop-ment and implementation of the capability and process required by paragraph (1), in-cluding a description of such capability and process and the public notice of, and access to, such process. 
(B) C
LASSIFIED ANNEX .—The report re-
quired by subparagraph (A) shall be sub-mitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
(d) I
NFORMATION SHARED WITH OR PROVIDED  
TO THE FEDERAL GOVERNMENT .— 
(1) N O WAIVER OF PRIVILEGE OR PROTEC -
TION.—The provision of cyber threat indica-
tors and defensive measures to the Federal Government under this title shall not con-stitute a waiver of any applicable privilege or protection provided by law, including trade secret protection. 
(2) P
ROPRIETARY INFORMATION .—Consistent 
with section 1704(c)(2), a cyber threat indi-cator or defensive measure provided by an entity to the Federal Government under this 
title shall be considered the commercial, fi-nancial, and proprietary information of such entity when so designated by the originating entity or a third party acting in accordance with the written authorization of the origi-nating entity. 
(3) E
XEMPTION FROM DISCLOSURE .—Cyber 
threat indicators and defensive measures provided to the Federal Government under this title shall be— 
(A) deemed voluntarily shared information 
and exempt from disclosure under section 552 of title 5, United States Code, and any State, tribal, or local law requiring disclosure of in-formation or records; and 
(B) withheld, without discretion, from the 
public under section 552(b)(3)(B) of title 5, United States Code, and any State, tribal, or local provision of law requiring disclosure of information or records. 
(4) E
X PARTE COMMUNICATIONS .—The provi-
sion of a cyber threat indicator or defensive measure to the Federal Government under this title shall not be subject to a rule of any Federal agency or department or any judi-cial doctrine regarding ex parte communica-tions with a decisionmaking official. 
(5) D
ISCLOSURE , RETENTION , AND USE .— 
(A) A UTHORIZED ACTIVITIES .—Cyber threat 
indicators and defensive measures provided to the Federal Government under this title may be disclosed to, retained by, and used by, consistent with otherwise applicable pro-visions of Federal law, any Federal agency or department, component, officer, employee, or agent of the Federal Government solely for— 
(i) a cybersecurity purpose; (ii) the purpose of identifying a cybersecu-
rity threat, including the source of such cy-bersecurity threat, or a security vulner-ability; 
(iii) the purpose of identifying a cybersecu-
rity threat involving the use of an informa-tion system by a foreign adversary or ter-rorist; 
(iv) the purpose of responding to, or other-
wise preventing or mitigating, an imminent threat of death, serious bodily harm, or seri-ous economic harm, including a terrorist act or a use of a weapon of mass destruction; 
(v) the purpose of responding to, or other-
wise preventing or mitigating, a serious threat to a minor, including sexual exploi-tation and threats to physical safety; or 
(vi) the purpose of preventing, inves-
tigating, disrupting, or prosecuting an of-fense arising out of a threat described in clause (iv) or any of the offenses listed in— 
(I) section 3559(c)(2)(F) of title 18, United 
States Code (relating to serious violent felo-nies); 
(II) sections 1028 through 1030 of such title 
(relating to fraud and identity theft); 
(III) chapter 37 of such title (relating to es-
pionage and censorship); and 
(IV) chapter 90 of such title (relating to 
protection of trade secrets). 
(B) P
ROHIBITED ACTIVITIES .—Cyber threat 
indicators and defensive measures provided to the Federal Government under this title shall not be disclosed to, retained by, or used by any Federal agency or department for any use not permitted under subparagraph (A). 
(C) P
RIVACY AND CIVIL LIBERTIES .—Cyber 
threat indicators and defensive measures provided to the Federal Government under this title shall be retained, used, and dis-seminated by the Federal Government— 
(i) in accordance with the policies, proce-
dures, and guidelines required by subsections (a) and (b); 
(ii) in a manner that protects from unau-
thorized use or disclosure any cyber threat indicators that may contain personal infor-mation of or identifying specific persons; and (iii) in a manner that protects the con-
fidentiality of cyber threat indicators con-taining personal information of or identi-fying a specific person. 
(D) F
EDERAL REGULATORY AUTHORITY .— 
(i) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
clause (ii), cyber threat indicators and defen-sive measures provided to the Federal Gov-ernment under this title shall not be directly used by any Federal, State, tribal, or local government to regulate, including an en-forcement action, the lawful activities of any entity, including activities relating to monitoring, operating defensive measures, or sharing cyber threat indicators. 
(ii) E
XCEPTIONS .— 
(I) R EGULATORY AUTHORITY SPECIFICALLY  
RELATING TO PREVENTION OR MITIGATION OF  
CYBERSECURITY THREATS .—Cyber threat indi-
cators and defensive measures provided to the Federal Government under this title may, consistent with Federal or State regu-latory authority specifically relating to the prevention or mitigation of cybersecurity threats to information systems, inform the development or implementation of regula-tions relating to such information systems. 
(II) P
ROCEDURES DEVELOPED AND IMPLE -
MENTED UNDER THIS TITLE .—Clause (i) shall 
not apply to procedures developed and imple-mented under this title. 
SEC. 1706. PROTECTION FROM LIABILITY. 
(a) M ONITORING OF INFORMATION SYSTEMS .— 
No cause of action shall lie or be maintained in any court against any private entity, and such action shall be promptly dismissed, for the monitoring of information systems and information under section 1704(a) that is con-ducted in accordance with this title. 
(b) S
HARING OR RECEIPT OF CYBER THREAT  
INDICATORS .—No cause of action shall lie or 
be maintained in any court against any enti-ty, and such action shall be promptly dis-missed, for the sharing or receipt of cyber threat indicators or defensive measures under section 1704(c) if— 
(1) such sharing or receipt is conducted in 
accordance with this title; and 
(2) in a case in which a cyber threat indi-
cator or defensive measure is shared with the Federal Government, the cyber threat indi-cator or defensive measure is shared in a manner that is consistent with section 1705(c)(1)(B) and the sharing or receipt, as the case may be, occurs after the earlier of— 
(A) the date on which the interim policies 
and procedures are submitted to Congress under section 1705(a)(1); or 
(B) the date that is 60 days after the date 
of the enactment of this title. 
(c) C
ONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section 
shall be construed— 
(1) to require dismissal of a cause of action 
against an entity that has engaged in gross negligence or willful misconduct in the course of conducting activities authorized by this title; or 
(2) to undermine or limit the availability 
of otherwise applicable common law or stat-utory defenses. 
SEC. 1707. OVERSIGHT OF GOVERNMENT ACTIVI-
TIES. 
(a) B IENNIAL REPORT ON IMPLEMENTATION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of the enactment of this title, and not less frequently than once every 2 years thereafter, the heads of the appropriate Fed-eral entities shall jointly submit and the In-spector General of the Department of Home-land Security, the Inspector General of the Intelligence Community, the Inspector Gen-eral of the Department of Justice, the In-spector General of the Department of De-fense, and the Inspector General of the De-partment of Energy, in consultation with the Council of Inspectors General on Financial Oversight, shall jointly submit to Congress a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:34 Jun 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JN6.001 S10JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3991 June 10, 2015 
detailed report concerning the implementa-
tion of this title. 
(2) C ONTENTS .—Each report submitted 
under paragraph (1) shall include the fol-lowing: 
(A) An assessment of the sufficiency of the 
policies, procedures, and guidelines required by section 1705 in ensuring that cyber threat indicators are shared effectively and respon-sibly within the Federal Government. 
(B) An evaluation of the effectiveness of 
real-time information sharing through the capability and process developed under sec-tion 1705(c), including any impediments to such real-time sharing. 
(C) An assessment of the sufficiency of the 
procedures developed under section 1703 in ensuring that cyber threat indicators in the possession of the Federal Government are shared in a timely and adequate manner with appropriate entities, or, if appropriate, are made publicly available. 
(D) An assessment of whether cyber threat 
indicators have been properly classified and an accounting of the number of security clearances authorized by the Federal Gov-ernment for the purposes of this title. 
(E) A review of the type of cyber threat in-
dicators shared with the Federal Govern-ment under this title, including the fol-lowing: 
(i) The degree to which such information 
may impact the privacy and civil liberties of specific persons. 
(ii) A quantitative and qualitative assess-
ment of the impact of the sharing of such cyber threat indicators with the Federal Government on privacy and civil liberties of specific persons. 
(iii) The adequacy of any steps taken by 
the Federal Government to reduce such im-pact. 
(F) A review of actions taken by the Fed-
eral Government based on cyber threat indi-cators shared with the Federal Government under this title, including the appropriate-ness of any subsequent use or dissemination of such cyber threat indicators by a Federal entity under section 1705. 
(G) A description of any significant viola-
tions of the requirements of this title by the Federal Government. 
(H) A summary of the number and type of 
entities that received classified cyber threat indicators from the Federal Government under this title and an evaluation of the risks and benefits of sharing such cyber threat indicators. 
(3) R
ECOMMENDATIONS .—Each report sub-
mitted under paragraph (1) may include rec-ommendations for improvements or modi-fications to the authorities and processes under this title. 
(4) F
ORM OF REPORT .—Each report required 
by paragraph (1) shall be submitted in un-classified form, but may include a classified annex. 
(b) R
EPORTS ON PRIVACY AND CIVIL LIB-
ERTIES .— 
(1) B IENNIAL REPORT FROM PRIVACY AND  
CIVIL LIBERTIES OVERSIGHT BOARD .—Not later 
than 2 years after the date of the enactment of this title and not less frequently than once every 2 years thereafter, the Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board shall submit to Congress and the President a re-port providing— 
(A) an assessment of the effect on privacy 
and civil liberties by the type of activities carried out under this title; and 
(B) an assessment of the sufficiency of the 
policies, procedures, and guidelines estab-lished pursuant to section 1705 in addressing concerns relating to privacy and civil lib-erties. 
(2) B
IENNIAL REPORT OF INSPECTORS GEN -
ERAL .— (A) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 2 years 
after the date of the enactment of this title and not less frequently than once every 2 years thereafter, the Inspector General of the Department of Homeland Security, the Inspector General of the Intelligence Com-munity, the Inspector General of the Depart-ment of Justice, the Inspector General of the Department of Defense, and the Inspector General of the Department of Energy shall, in consultation with the Council of Inspec-tors General on Financial Oversight, jointly submit to Congress a report on the receipt, 
use, and dissemination of cyber threat indi-cators and defensive measures that have been shared with Federal entities under this title. 
(B) C
ONTENTS .—Each report submitted 
under subparagraph (A) shall include the fol-lowing: 
(i) A review of the types of cyber threat in-
dicators shared with Federal entities. 
(ii) A review of the actions taken by Fed-
eral entities as a result of the receipt of such cyber threat indicators. 
(iii) A list of Federal entities receiving 
such cyber threat indicators. 
(iv) A review of the sharing of such cyber 
threat indicators among Federal entities to identify inappropriate barriers to sharing in-formation. 
(3) R
ECOMMENDATIONS .—Each report sub-
mitted under this subsection may include such recommendations as the Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board, with respect to a report submitted under paragraph (1), or the Inspectors General referred to in para-graph (2)(A), with respect to a report sub-mitted under paragraph (2), may have for im-provements or modifications to the authori-ties under this title. 
(4) F
ORM.—Each report required under this 
subsection shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
SEC. 1708. CONSTRUCTION AND PREEMPTION. 
(a) O THERWISE LAWFUL DISCLOSURES .— 
Nothing in this title shall be construed— 
(1) to limit or prohibit otherwise lawful 
disclosures of communications, records, or other information, including reporting of known or suspected criminal activity, by an entity to any other entity or the Federal Government under this title; or 
(2) to limit or prohibit otherwise lawful use 
of such disclosures by any Federal entity, even when such otherwise lawful disclosures duplicate or replicate disclosures made under this title. 
(b) W
HISTLE BLOWER PROTECTIONS .—Noth-
ing in this title shall be construed to pro-hibit or limit the disclosure of information protected under section 2302(b)(8) of title 5, United States Code (governing disclosures of illegality, waste, fraud, abuse, or public health or safety threats), section 7211 of title 5, United States Code (governing disclosures to Congress), section 1034 of title 10, United States Code (governing disclosure to Con-gress by members of the military), section 1104 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3234) (governing disclosure by employ-ees of elements of the intelligence commu-nity), or any similar provision of Federal or State law. 
(c) P
ROTECTION OF SOURCES AND METH-
ODS.—Nothing in this title shall be con-
strued— 
(1) as creating any immunity against, or 
otherwise affecting, any action brought by the Federal Government, or any agency or department thereof, to enforce any law, ex-ecutive order, or procedure governing the ap-propriate handling, disclosure, or use of clas-sified information; 
(2) to affect the conduct of authorized law 
enforcement or intelligence activities; or 
(3) to modify the authority of a depart-
ment or agency of the Federal Government to protect classified information and sources 
and methods and the national security of the United States. 
(d) R
ELATIONSHIP TO OTHER LAWS.—Noth-
ing in this title shall be construed to affect any requirement under any other provision of law for an entity to provide information to the Federal Government. 
(e) P
ROHIBITED CONDUCT .—Nothing in this 
title shall be construed to permit price-fix-ing, allocating a market between competi-tors, monopolizing or attempting to monopo-lize a market, boycotting, or exchanges of price or cost information, customer lists, or information regarding future competitive planning. 
(f) I
NFORMATION SHARING RELATIONSHIPS .— 
Nothing in this title shall be construed— 
(1) to limit or modify an existing informa-
tion sharing relationship; 
(2) to prohibit a new information sharing 
relationship; 
(3) to require a new information sharing re-
lationship between any entity and the Fed-eral Government; or 
(4) to require the use of the capability and 
process within the Department of Homeland Security developed under section 1705(c). 
(g) P
RESERVATION OF CONTRACTUAL OBLIGA -
TIONS AND RIGHTS .—Nothing in this title 
shall be construed— 
(1) to amend, repeal, or supersede any cur-
rent or future contractual agreement, terms 
of service agreement, or other contractual relationship between any entities, or be-tween any entity and a Federal entity; or 
(2) to abrogate trade secret or intellectual 
property rights of any entity or Federal enti-ty. 
(h) A
NTI-TASKING RESTRICTION .—Nothing in 
this title shall be construed to permit the Federal Government— 
(1) to require an entity to provide informa-
tion to the Federal Government; 
(2) to condition the sharing of cyber threat 
indicators with an entity on such entity’s provision of cyber threat indicators to the Federal Government; or 
(3) to condition the award of any Federal 
grant, contract, or purchase on the provision of a cyber threat indicator to a Federal enti-ty. 
(i) N
OLIABILITY FOR NON-PARTICIPATION .— 
Nothing in this title shall be construed to subject any entity to liability for choosing not to engage in the voluntary activities au-thorized in this title. 
(j) U
SE AND RETENTION OF INFORMATION .— 
Nothing in this title shall be construed to authorize, or to modify any existing author-ity of, a department or agency of the Federal Government to retain or use any informa-tion shared under this title for any use other than permitted in this title. 
(k) F
EDERAL PREEMPTION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—This title supersedes any 
statute or other provision of law of a State or political subdivision of a State that re-stricts or otherwise expressly regulates an activity authorized under this title. 
(2) S
TATE LAW ENFORCEMENT .—Nothing in 
this title shall be construed to supersede any statute or other provision of law of a State or political subdivision of a State concerning the use of authorized law enforcement prac-tices and procedures. 
(l) R
EGULATORY AUTHORITY .—Nothing in 
this title shall be construed— 
(1) to authorize the promulgation of any 
regulations not specifically authorized by this title; 
(2) to establish or limit any regulatory au-
thority not specifically established or lim-ited under this title; or 
(3) to authorize regulatory actions that 
would duplicate or conflict with regulatory requirements, mandatory standards, or re-lated processes under another provision of Federal law. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:34 Jun 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JN6.001 S10JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3992 June 10, 2015 
(m) A UTHORITY OF SECRETARY OF DEFENSE  
TORESPOND TO CYBER ATTACKS .—Nothing in 
this title shall be construed to limit the au-thority of the Secretary of Defense to de-velop, prepare, coordinate, or, when author-ized by the President to do so, conduct a military cyber operation in response to a malicious cyber activity carried out against the United States or a United States person by a foreign government or an organization sponsored by a foreign government or a ter-rorist organization. 
SEC. 1709. REPORT ON CYBERSECURITY 
THREATS. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 180 
days after the date of the enactment of this title, the Director of National Intelligence, in coordination with the heads of other ap-propriate elements of the intelligence com-munity, shall submit to the Select Com-mittee on Intelligence of the Senate and the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives a report on cybersecurity threats, including cyber at-tacks, theft, and data breaches. 
(b) C
ONTENTS .—The report required by sub-
section (a) shall include the following: 
(1) An assessment of the current intel-
ligence sharing and cooperation relation-ships of the United States with other coun-tries regarding cybersecurity threats, includ-ing cyber attacks, theft, and data breaches, directed against the United States and which threaten the United States national security interests and economy and intellectual prop-erty, specifically identifying the relative utility of such relationships, which elements of the intelligence community participate in such relationships, and whether and how such relationships could be improved. 
(2) A list and an assessment of the coun-
tries and nonstate actors that are the pri-mary threats of carrying out a cybersecurity threat, including a cyber attack, theft, or data breach, against the United States and which threaten the United States national security, economy, and intellectual prop-erty. 
(3) A description of the extent to which the 
capabilities of the United States Govern-ment to respond to or prevent cybersecurity threats, including cyber attacks, theft, or data breaches, directed against the United States private sector are degraded by a delay in the prompt notification by private enti-ties of such threats or cyber attacks, theft, and breaches. 
(4) An assessment of additional tech-
nologies or capabilities that would enhance the ability of the United States to prevent and to respond to cybersecurity threats, in-cluding cyber attacks, theft, and data breaches. 
(5) An assessment of any technologies or 
practices utilized by the private sector that could be rapidly fielded to assist the intel-ligence community in preventing and re-sponding to cybersecurity threats. 
(c) F
ORM OF REPORT .—The report required 
by subsection (a) shall be made available in classified and unclassified forms. 
(d) I
NTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY DEFINED .—In 
this section, the term ‘‘intelligence commu-nity’’ has the meaning given that term in section 3 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003). 
SEC. 1710. CONFORMING AMENDMENTS. 
(a) P UBLIC INFORMATION .—Section 552(b) of 
title 5, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (8), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the 
end; 
(2) in paragraph (9), by striking ‘‘wells.’’ 
and inserting ‘‘wells; or’’; and 
(3) by inserting after paragraph (9) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(10) information shared with or provided 
to the Federal Government pursuant to the Cybersecurity Information Sharing Act of 
2015.’’. 
(b) M ODIFICATION OF LIMITATION ON DIS-
SEMINATION OF CERTAIN INFORMATION CON-
CERNING PENETRATIONS OF DEFENSE CON-
TRACTOR NETWORKS .—Section 941(c)(3) of the 
National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2013 (Public Law 112–239; 10 U.S.C. 2224 note) is amended by inserting at the end the following: ‘‘The Secretary may share such information with other Federal entities if such information consists of cyber threat indicators and defensive measures and such information is shared consistent with the policies and procedures promulgated by the Attorney General under section 1705 of the Cybersecurity Information Sharing Act of 2015.’’. 
SEC. 1711. CRIMINAL BACKGROUND CHECKS OF 
EMPLOYEES OF THE MILITARY CHILD CARE SYSTEM AND PRO-VIDERS OF CHILD CARE SERVICES AND YOUTH PROGRAM SERVICES FOR MILITARY DEPENDENTS. 
(a) E MPLOYEES OF MILITARY CHILD CARE 
SYSTEM .—Section 1792 of title 10, United 
States Code, is amended— 
(1) by redesignating subsection (d) as sub-
section (e); and 
(2) by inserting after subsection (c) the fol-
lowing new subsection (d): 
‘‘(d) C RIMINAL BACKGROUND CHECK .—The 
criminal background check of child care em-ployees under this section that is required pursuant to section 231 of the Crime Control Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 13041) shall be con-ducted pursuant to regulations prescribed by the Secretary of Defense in accordance with the provisions of section 658H of the Child Care and Development Block Grant Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 9858f).’’. 
(b) P
ROVIDERS OF CHILD CARESERVICES AND  
YOUTH PROGRAM SERVICES .—Section 1798 of 
such title is amended— 
(1) by redesignating subsection (c) as sub-
section (d); and 
(2) by inserting after subsection (b) the fol-
lowing new subsection (c): 
‘‘(c) C RIMINAL BACKGROUND CHECK .—A pro-
vider of child care services or youth program services may not provide such services under this section unless such provider complies with the requirements for criminal back-ground checks under section 658H of the Child Care and Development Block Grant Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 9858f) for the State in which such services are provided.’’. 
(c) F
UNDING .—Amounts for activities re-
quired by reason of the amendments made by this section during fiscal year 2016 shall be derived from amounts otherwise authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2016 by sec-tion 301 and available for operation and maintenance for the Yellow Ribbon Re-integration Program as specified in the fund-ing tables in section 4301. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Amend-
ment No. 1921 is rendered moot. 
The Senator from Texas. Mr. REED addressed the Chair. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, regular 
order. 
Mr. REED. Mr. President, I suggest 
the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Texas. 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, turning 
to the underlying legislation that we are debating, the Defense authorization bill, I can’t think of anything more basic or fundamental to the Federal Government’s responsibility than na-tional security and defense and to make sure we provide our men and women in uniform with the resources they need in order to do the job they 
volunteered to do on our behalf. Of course, many of us have commented time and again on this floor and else-where about the increasing complexity of the threats facing our national secu-rity and the security and peace of the world. 
This legislation enables our troops to 
get the funding and the resources and the authorities they need in order to have success on the battlefield. As we consider the current state of the world, it is clear why this bill is vital. We live in a world marked by constant dy-namic threats to our way of life. For example, parts of the Middle East and North Africa have been overrun by the Islamic State, and the region continues to be a hotbed of failed states and ungoverned places. If we have learned anything from 9/11, it is that ungoverned spaces are a threat to our national security, because that is where our adversaries will organize and train and then export those threats to 
our homeland. 
Despite ongoing negotiations, Iran 
remains an enemy of the United States and continues its campaign to achieve regional domination and become a threshold nuclear State, threatening our most trusted allies and partners in the region. In Europe and in Asia, Rus-sia and China continue to threaten our allies in their respective neighbor-hoods, using a growing array of soft- power and hard-power tactics to twist arms and to coerce our friends and al-lies. These new dynamic threats in-clude cyber attacks, which have been much in the news today, including es-pionage and just outright theft of our intellectual property in seed corn cre-ated from the brains and ingenuity of American entrepreneurs and creators. Today, our courageous men and women in uniform are tasked with the chal-lenge of facing these many threats and many others in regions all around the world. 
So it is astounding to me that the 
Democratic leader, in the face of these threats and in the face of our grave re-sponsibilities to meet these challenges, would come to the floor and suggest that debating this bill would be what he called a ‘‘waste of time’’ and go fur-ther to say that the Democratic minor-ity would consider filibustering this legislation. It is just unbelievable. 
This blatant disregard for our respon-
sibilities and for our troops is very troubling, particularly because this bill has historically been one that has enjoyed broad bipartisan support. In fact, as our colleague, the senior Sen-ator from Arizona, pointed out in an op-ed he wrote yesterday, Congress has passed a Defense authorization bill for 53 consecutive years—53 consecutive years—because it is a national priority. It should be, and it is. Up to now, this bill has been marked by strong bipar-tisan backing in the committee. The bill sailed through the Senate Armed Services Committee with a bipartisan vote of 22 to 4. We don’t get much more bipartisan in today’s Senate than that. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:28 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JN6.001 S10JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3993 June 10, 2015 
Yet, with all of the support from both 
sides of the aisle and even with such a clearly demonstrated need as the fund-ing and well-being of our troops and their families, the President himself— the Commander in Chief—has threat-ened to veto this bill—a bill that actu-ally provides the full funding levels he himself requested. 
It is important to note—because 
some of our colleagues on the other side have said that the problem with this bill is that it doesn’t spend enough money or that we ought to reallocate our nondefense discretionary spending to increase that, as well—that this bill includes the exact same level of fund-ing that President Obama himself re-quested in his budget. So why in the world would the President threaten to veto a bill that meets the funding lev-els that he himself identified in his budget? 
For some reason, instead of focusing 
on our most fundamental responsibil-ities of funding the brave men and women in our Armed Forces and mak-ing sure they have the resources they need to keep our country safe, our Commander in Chief and the minority leader are threatening to hold this bill hostage to extract more government spending for nondefense discretionary spending for organizations and agen-cies such as the Internal Revenue Serv-ice. So why in the world would we hold national security spending hostage so we can spend more money on the IRS? It is just a complete upside-down view of our priorities. 
So the President’s lack of strategic 
depth or his understanding of our Na-tion’s most fundamental duties is real-ly astounding. I am troubled to say this, but I think it is actually true: I think the President understands our Nation’s fundamental duties very clearly. The problem is that this threat to hold this bill hostage is just cynical. It just uses a political tool to try to gain advantage when it comes to rais-ing the caps on nondefense discre-tionary spending. For a President who admits that he doesn’t have a complete strategy to defeat the Islamic State, I find his comments to be irresponsible. He is threatening to veto this bill to satisfy the far leftwing of his party, which doesn’t believe government could ever spend too much money and that government is ever big enough. The government is never big enough or spends enough for some of our col-leagues across the aisle and some of the political base in the President’s party. 
Just this morning, the Washington 
Post reported that Senate Democrats have now come up with a brand-new political strategy, and this time they are going further—to threaten to block all funding bills for the rest of the sum-mer, including the Defense appropria-tions bill, which I know the majority leader is scheduling to be debated and voted on right after we complete our work on this legislation. As a matter of fact, the Democratic leader said this morning: ‘‘We’re headed for another 
shutdown.’’ Senator R
EIDsaid: ‘‘They 
did it once, they’re going to do it again. . . . They want to wait until the fiscal year ends and then close up gov-ernment.’’ 
It is bad enough that Democrats are 
threatening to filibuster the defense spending bill, but now they are claim-ing that it is really the Republicans’ fault. In other words, they are saying: We are not for stopping the Defense au-thorization bill. 
We are for funding our national re-
sponsibilities when it comes to na-tional security. But because our Demo-cratic friends wish to hold the Defense authorization bill and the Defense ap-propriations bill hostage, they some-how now are claiming that we are the ones responsible. Because we won’t ac-cede to their insatiable demand for big-ger government and more government spending, and we won’t allow them to hold our troops and their families and our national security hostage, we are the ones at fault. 
But, today, as we know, thanks to 
the Washington Post, the filibustering of this and other bills is just part of a political strategy. 
One point I have to acknowledge is 
the candor of our colleagues on the other side of the aisle. If we want to know what they are planning to do, all we have to do is read the newspaper, because they are more than happy to tell us exactly what they are going to do and what their plans are. 
This is all part of a cynical political 
strategy to keep the Senate from work-ing and to deny funding to our Armed Forces while bulking up Federal agen-cies such as the Environmental Protec-tion Agency and the IRS. This is shameless, and it is hypothetical, and the American people will not be fooled by it. 
I wish to remind our colleagues 
across the aisle that stifling debate and blocking votes is a pretty lousy polit-ical strategy, as well. It is what lost them control of this Chamber last No-vember. It is a losing strategy, it is bad policy, it is cynical politics, and the American people understand that. It is simply shameful that they are trying to use our troops, who protect this great Nation, as some sort of leverage in some sort of political game. 
I don’t have to remind the Presiding 
Officer, who continues to serve honor-ably in our military services, that we live in a very dangerous world. Some-how, we don’t pay enough attention to that until something reaches out and bites us or injures someone we love. Our Armed Forces face new and grow-ing threats on a daily basis. Our troops deserve our full attention and every re-source they need as they serve and de-fend our country around the world. 
So that is why I have come to the 
floor, to say: Why in the world, after 53 consecutive Defense authorization bills, would the Democratic leader— and indeed with the complicity of the President of the United States him-self—say they are going to hold this 
Defense bill hostage until they get what they want when it comes to spending more money? 
This bipartisan bill, which focuses 
squarely on the needs of our warfighters and authorizes funding at the same level the President himself suggested, should not be held hostage to political gamesmanship. So I would encourage the more sensible Members across the aisle to focus on the troops and their families, not on the partisan agenda of their leadership, and pass this legislation to provide the funding our troops need to continue to do their courageous work of keeping our coun-try safe. 
One way my colleagues could play a 
constructive role and move this legis-lation forward, instead of threatening to filibuster, is to work with us on commonsense amendments, such as the one I have filed that is pending on the underlying bill. 
Under current law, the President has 
discretion to allow energy exports to vulnerable allies, our partners in Eu-rope, and around the world when it is deemed to be in our national interest. The amendment I have offered in the underlying bill simply reaffirms the ex-isting authority of the President of the United States but encourages the President not to allow our adversaries, such as Vladimir Putin, to use energy supplies for vulnerable countries in Eu-rope as a weapon. It would also com-mission a report that would allow us to get an accurate assessment of just how dependent our allies in the region are on those who would wield their energy supply as a weapon. 
This amendment is a commonsense 
measure that serves as a first step to addressing the requests—the pleas in some cases—of our allies and partners in an increasingly unpredictable world, and it doesn’t change the existing au-thority the President already has. 
I would urge our colleagues to put 
down the political playbook and work with us in a constructive way on the underlying legislation. This has been the great tradition of the Defense au-thorization bill and one that is being threatened by the political gamesman-ship that we see threatened by the Democratic leader and, indeed, even with the complicity and the finger-prints of the President of the United States. 
We owe it and so much more to our 
troops, who are relying on us to act today. Even more than that, we have a duty to the country to make sure we maintain the security of the American people. 
I yield the floor. 
Mr. President, I suggest the absence 
of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:34 Jun 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10JN6.017 S10JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3994 June 10, 2015 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
CYBERSECURITY INFORMATION SHARING ACT  
Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Mr. President, last 
week we learned of the latest in the string of massive breaches of private information from cyber penetrations, this time of government personnel records held by the Office of Personnel Management. 
In its annual worldwide threat as-
sessment, the intelligence community this year ranked cyber intrusions and attacks as the No. 1 threat to our Na-tion’s security. Cyber attacks and threats are also a major drag on our economy, with the theft of billions and billions of dollars of intellectual prop-erty and actual money from our Na-tion’s businesses. Quite simply, cyber attacks are a major and growing threat to every aspect of our life. 
It is with that background that Sen-
ator B
URR and I began working early 
this year on a new cyber security infor-mation-sharing bill. It is a first-step bill, in that for sharing company to company or sharing cyber threat infor-mation directly with the government, a company would receive liability pro-tection and therefore feel free to have this kind of constructive interchange. 
The Senate Select Intelligence Com-
mittee produced the bill in the last Congress, but it didn’t receive a vote. Chairman B
URRand I have been deter-
mined not only to get a vote but to get a bill signed into law. It should be evi-dent to everybody that the only way we will get this done is if it is bipar-tisan. 
With significant compromises on 
both sides, we put together the Cyber-security Information Sharing Act, a bill approved in March by our Intel-ligence Committee by an overwhelming 14-to-1 vote. That bill has been ready for Senate consideration for nearly 3 months but has not yet been brought to the floor. 
Last week’s attack underscores why 
such legislation is necessary. 
The Democratic leader told me many 
weeks ago that this issue is too impor-tant for political wrangling, that he would not seek to block or slow down consideration of the bill and would work to move the bill quickly. So the bill is ready for floor consideration. 
Now, a number of my colleagues 
would like to propose amendments—as is their right—and I expect I would support some of them and would oppose some of them. The Senate should have an opportunity to fully consider the bill and to receive the input of other committees with jurisdiction in this area. Unless we do this, we won’t have a bipartisan vote, I believe, because, like it or not, no matter how simple— and I have been through two bills now—this was not an easy bill to draft because there are conflicts on both sides. 
Filing the cyber security bill as an 
amendment to the Defense authoriza-tion bill prompted a lot of legitimate and understandable concern from both sides of the aisle. People want debate 
on the legislation, and they want an opportunity to offer relevant amend-ments. To do this as an amendment— when Senator B
URR discussed it with 
me, I indicated I did not want to go on and make that proposal—I think is a mistake. 
I very much hope that the majority 
leader will reconsider this path, and that once we have finished with the De-fense authorization bill, the Senate can take up, consider, and hopefully ap-prove the cyber security legislation. I think if we do it any other way, we are in for real trouble, and this is the prod-uct of experience. So I very much hope that there can be a change in procedure and that this bill—I know our leader will agree—could come up directly fol-lowing the Defense authorization bill. 
I thank the Chair, and I yield the 
floor. 
Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Mr. President, I 
suggest the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. COTTON. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Mrs. FEINSTEIN. I object. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-
tion is heard. 
The clerk will continue to call the 
roll. 
The legislative clerk continued with 
the call of the roll. 
Mr. COTTON. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. COTTON. Mr. President, I speak 
today about Cotton amendment No. 1605, addressing funding for the Na-tional Nuclear Security Administra-tion, the administration that safe-guards our nuclear stockpile for the country. The Obama administration, in its budget earlier this year, requested approximately $50 million per year for the next 5 years for the administration to be able to dismantle old or obsolete warheads. My amendment would sim-ply codify President Obama’s own budget request, limiting the adminis-tration to spend $50 million per year for the next 5 years on nuclear dis-mantlement. 
My amendment also includes a waiv-
er that would allow the President to increase the amount of spending under certain limited conditions. This amendment has been approved not only by the majority but also the minority of the Armed Services Committee. 
I offer this amendment because of 
troubling statements from the Obama administration about their intent to accelerate nuclear disarmament, how-ever. Last month, Secretary of State Kerry announced at the Nuclear Non-proliferation Review Conference that the United States would accelerate its 
dismantlement of nuclear warheads by 20 percent. Beyond obsolete or out-dated warheads, I do not believe that is a priority. Nuclear modernization is a priority. 
We should not be accelerating our 
nuclear disarmament by up to 20 per-cent because it would send the exact wrong message to Russia, other adver-saries, and our allies. Russia is making overt nuclear threats to the United States and our allies, and we are going to accelerate our unilateral nuclear disarmament? That defies logic. 
Madam President, I ask unanimous 
consent to set aside the pending amendment in order to call up Cotton amendment No. 1605. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. 
E
RNST ). Is there objection? 
Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Madam President, 
reserving the right to object. I am very concerned about this. It unnecessarily limits the National Nuclear Security Administration’s ability to dismantle the retired nuclear weapons that no longer have any role in our national defense. 
The President’s budget proposed $48 
million for dismantlement, and this amendment would freeze funding at that level and at specific funding levels for the next 5 years. However, the Ap-propriations Committee, just last month, provided an additional $4 mil-lion for dismantlement in the Energy and Water bill. 
I am ranking member on that com-
mittee. It was approved on a bipartisan basis, 26 to 4. This funding is appro-priate and it is justified. The fact is, there are currently approximately 2,400 retired warheads awaiting dismantle-ment. The rate at which we dismantle these warheads does not have anything to do with the 4,800 warheads that re-main in the stockpile, consistent with the New START treaty. 
This is a treaty, not an agreement. 
The administration has committed ac-celerating dismantlement and we should support its goals of eliminating redundant nuclear weapons. I see no reason to imply congressional dis-approval for this effort and to micro-manage NNSA’s weapons activity. Modernization and dismantlement go hand in hand. NNSA routinely shifts employees from weapons stockpile stewardship and modernization work to dismantlement to keep the workforce fully and usefully engaged. It is com-pletely unnecessary to complicate this process. I object. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-
tion is heard. 
Mr. COTTON. Madam President, I un-
derstand that the Senator from Cali-fornia objects to my amendment. But this is the Senate. This is an important issue. We should be debating the mat-ter. If the Senator from California wishes to defeat my amendment, we should call it up and make it pending and have a vote on it, not object to an amendment simply being brought to the floor to be debated. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:34 Jun 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10JN6.019 S10JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3995 June 10, 2015 
Is there a reason to manage our nu-
clear policy? Yes, I would say there is a strong reason. On many issues, the administration has shown itself less than forthcoming in dealing with Con-gress, in particular on nuclear policy. As we now know, the administration minimized reports of Russia’s activi-ties under the Intermediate Nuclear Forces Treaty at a time they were try-ing to pass the New START treaty in 2010. 
I would further say this amendment 
simply codifies the President’s budget request. The Senator from California said $48 million for this year. For the next 4 years after that, it is $48.3 mil-lion, $50 million, $52.4 million, $51.8 million. I will concede that, in sum, that is $50.1 million per year, on aver-age. So I am giving the administration a haircut of $100,000 per year. If that is objectionable, I would be happy to modify my amendment to put it at $50.1 million per year. 
But this Congress should not give the 
President a blank check to engage in further unilateral nuclear disar-mament at a time when Vladimir Putin is making nuclear threats against the United States, invading sovereign countries, and his missiles are shooting civilian aircraft out of the sky in the heart of Europe. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The bill clerk proceeded to call the 
roll. 
Mr. SESSIONS. Madam President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. SESSIONS. Madam President, I 
rise to speak on my amendment No. 1706. This amendment addresses the contributions of the member states to the North Atlantic Treaty Organiza-tion, in relation to their commitment towards their defense budgets within 
their economy. 
At the 2006 NATO summit in Riga, 
Latvia, which I was honored to be able to attend, NATO member countries committed to spend a minimum of 2 percent of their national income, GDP, on defense. Furthermore, at the 2014 NATO summit in Wales, NATO member countries agreed again that ‘‘allies cur-rently meeting the NATO guideline to spend a minimum of 2 percent of their gross domestic product on defense will aim to continue to do so’’. 
They went on to state that ‘‘allies 
whose current proportion of GDP spent on defense is below this level will: halt any decline in defense expenditure; aim to increase defense expenditure in real terms as GDP grows; aim to move to-wards the 2 percent guideline within a decade with a view to meeting their NATO Capability Targets and filling NATO’s capability shortfall.’’ 
Well, I suggest that is a pretty weak 
commitment, but it remains a commit-ment. It certainly can be stretched out, and they are already failing too often to meet those commitments. So, in 2015, only 4 this year—only 4 
out of the 28 NATO-member countries, including the United States, meet the 2-percent target. That is 4 out of the 28. 
Regrettably, European NATO allies 
averaged just 1.33 percent of their GDP on defense, even though NATO coun-tries have made numerous, unbinding, unfulfilled agreements to spend 2 per-cent. The United States currently spends 3.8 percent of its GDP on de-fense—a large portion of it defending Europe. 
So, in contrast, the Organisation for 
Economic Co-operation and Develop-ment data shows that European-NATO allies averaged 24 percent of their GDP on social welfare programs, contrasting to 19 percent in the United States. So they spend more in-country on their programs while we are spending more to defend them. 
Unfortunately, reductions in mili-
tary spending are a common theme across Europe. Just 5 years ago, ac-cording to the NATO figures, France’s military budget amounted to 2.4 per-cent of GDP. This past year, it stood at 1.9 percent, and France’s budget law or-ders no increases before 2019. As for Germany, Europe’s economic power-house, it spends only 1.3 percent of its GDP on defense. By the way, the Euro-pean economy, as a whole, is as large or slightly larger than the U.S. econ-omy as a whole. 
So in 1990, NATO’s European member 
states spent, on average, about 2.3 per-cent GDP on defense—well above to-day’s average of 1.3. America’s share of NATO military expenditures—get this, colleagues—is 75 percent. The U.S. share of the NATO military expendi-
tures is 75 percent and has grown an additional 5 percent since 2007. This is a rather dramatic figure. 
I had the privilege to be able to trav-
el to Eastern Europe recently, and it was raised to us, by individuals in those countries, that they were some-what embarrassed about this. But the reality is, they are taking no substan-tial steps to deal with it. 
Former Secretary of Defense Robert 
Gates—who is one of the most wise people in the world, I believe, in terms of U.S. policy and international policy, served in multiple administrations over the years in the White House and as Secretary of Defense under Presi-dent Obama and President Bush—in his last speech as Secretary of Defense had the following to say on this matter: 
Indeed, if current trends in the decline of 
European defense capabilities are not halted and reversed, future U.S. political leaders— those for whom the Cold War was not the formative experience that it was for me— may not consider the return on America’s in-vestment in NATO worth the cost. 
What I’ve sketched out is the real possi-
bility for a dim, if not dismal future for the transatlantic alliance. Such a future is pos-sible, but it is not inevitable. The good news is that the members of NATO—individually and collectively—have it well within their means to halt and reverse these trends, and instead produce a very different future. 
This was his last speech. He made a 
speech on a subject he considered to be extraordinarily important. It is a 
statement he has made previously at other times, but it reflected, I think, something akin to Washington’s Fare-well Address as he raised and discussed one of the most important problems facing the world today; that is, the de-veloped world, other than the United States, is not conducting itself finan-cially in an effective way to defend themselves. 
Former Secretary of State Henry 
Kissinger, for decades one of the world’s wisest world leaders and com-mentators, has repeatedly questioned Europe’s will. It gets down to that level: To what extent is Europe willing to pay a modest price to maintain their security? 
There was a book out a number of 
years ago, referred to as ‘‘Of Paradise and Power,’’ and Robert Kagan’s book notes that the Europeans are living in the paradise provided by American power. 
So when the Russians took this ag-
gressive step to invade the Ukraine, a nation we have considered for admis-sion into NATO, took Crimea and oth-erwise acted in violation of inter-national law, we announced a European reassurance initiative, $1 billion. This $1 billion was to be utilized in a way that would reassure our allies and reaf-firm our commitment to Europe, even in the face of this dangerous and pro-vocative action by Russia. 
Well, colleagues, after having been to 
Europe and Eastern Europe on a num-ber of occasions, I would say I am get-ting to the point where I want to be re-assured. I want to have confidence in Europe’s commitments. 
At this volatile time in world his-
tory, this lack of commitment on the part of our European allies must end. We need to ensure that NATO members are spending at least what is needed and certainly the minimum 2 percent of GDP they repeatedly committed to spend. 
The dangers in this world are much 
closer to Europe than they are to the United States, and our European allies are right to be concerned. They are anxious to have our presence. The re-quests for more and numerous military support, action from the United States, are even urgent in some of those coun-tries. They want us there. 
But, great danger arises from Europe 
living in an unreal comfort zone, living in the paradise of American power. Un-less the history of the world has been dramatically altered, and it has not, threats to Europe will remain. Who will resist the dangerous pressures on Europe? Will our European partners just rest on American power? That is what the reality suggests is, in fact, occurring now. 
Europeans now insist Greece must 
take painful financial steps for the good of the European Union to be a good team player, they say. 
I think it is right and appropriate for 
the United States to call on our NATO 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:34 Jun 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10JN6.020 S10JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3996 June 10, 2015 
allies to do their part for this great al-
liance that has done so much for sta-bility, prosperity, and peace for Europe and for the entire world. 
This amendment before the Senate 
has overwhelming support, I believe. I think it will be accepted as part of the managers’ package. The call it makes on NATO members is the absolute min-imum, I think, that can be expected of them. 
Let’s consider the plain facts. The de-
ployment of U.S. military forces to any nation in the world, for the purpose of defending that nation and a region, is an august thing. Obviously, the mili-tary might of the United States is un-surpassed. The United States cannot and must not take these commitments lightly. The ramifications of our com-mitment to the defense of a foreign na-tion are significant—grave indeed. 
This Nation has every right and a 
duty to our citizens to ensure that those with whom we partner do their share. The idea that a small nation can simply send an email to the United States calling for more forces when-ever they become nervous—while tak-ing only limited steps to fund and de-fend their own country—suggests a dis-connect with reality. 
This Senate, by this amendment, is 
sending a clear call for NATO to do more. It is not too late to maintain 
this alliance as the force for good it has always been. But everyone on both sides of the Atlantic who understands these issues realizes we are in a precar-ious situation if a miscalculation oc-curs, and miscalculations can lead to violence and war. 
So it is time to make clear the 
strength of our commitment to each other and to ensure there is no mis-calculation. To do that, more is re-quired of our NATO allies. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The bill clerk proceeded to call the 
roll. 
Mr. VITTER. Madam President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1473 
Mr. VITTER. Madam President, I rise 
to speak about amendment No. 1473 that is pending. I will be modifying it, not now but later today, in a technical way. The majority and the minority have been notified of this modification, so I will be making that later, and I am going to talk about the substance of the amendment. 
This amendment is very significant 
in terms of our Army force structure. It would limit any additional reduc-tions the Army can make to Army BCTs, which have already been dras-tically reduced from 48 brigade combat teams in 2008 to 45 in 2013, to now 33 in 2015—so in just 7 years, from 48 to 33. Obviously, it was a dramatic reduction. 
This is important because brigade 
combat teams are a very significant element of Army force structure, and 
many experts all across the spectrum would acknowledge that and would ac-knowledge that further significant re-ductions would be very dangerous. 
To clarify, my amendment would re-
quire the Army to trim its force struc-ture. It doesn’t stop that trend, but it also offers protections for that primary core unit of the brigade combat team without mandating additional money, additional requirements, et cetera. There is a serious and urgent need for Congress to act quickly so the Defense Department has the authority and sup-port it needs to defend our Nation. 
This specific amendment protecting 
those core, required brigade combat 
teams is supported by the National Guard Association of the United States and the Association of the United States Army, the two key national groups that support the direct Army and the National Guard. 
Some Members may argue that we 
don’t want to micromanage the Army and how it deals with force structure. I certainly agree with that generally, but this is certainly not getting into the fine weeds. This is a major issue, and brigade combat teams are a major tool of their force structure. Further-more, exactly this sort of limitation has been done in this bill, in the under-lying bill, both with regard to the Air Force and with regard to the Navy. 
The bill, as it stands on the floor 
coming out of committee, includes nu-merous provisions to block the elimi-nation of certain weapons systems, such as the Air Force fighter inven-tory, the A–10, EC–130 Compass Call aircraft. So it is very similar on the Air Force side to justify blocking these eliminations. The chairman’s report states: 
The committee believes further reductions 
in fighter force capacity, in light of ongoing and anticipated operations in Iraq and Syria against the Islamic State of Iraq and Levant, coupled with a potential delay of force with-drawals from Afghanistan, poses excessive risk to the Air Force’s ability to execute the National Defense Strategy, causes remaining fighter squadrons to deploy more frequently, and drives even lower readiness rates across the combat air forces. 
Exactly that same sort of rationale 
which is in the bill with regard to limi-tations of what the Air Force can do also applies to the Army and brigade combat teams. 
In addition, the same sort of thing is 
already in this underlying bill with re-gard to the Navy. There is specific lan-guage blocking certain further reduc-tions of aircraft carriers—again, a major element of force structure; again, Congress saying: No, don’t go below this number. That is not justi-fied. That will weaken our overall ca-pability, and that will weaken force structure. 
So again on the Navy side on this bill 
the chairman and the committee have done exactly the same thing. My amendment would simply do something very similar and equally as important and justified on the Army side with re-gard to brigade combat teams. Because of the significance of brigade 
combat teams to Army readiness and operations, because of the enormous cuts that have already been made in those numbers in the last 7 years— from 48 to 33—I urge all of my col-leagues, Democrats and Republicans, to support this commonsense amend-ment. 
Again, Madam President, to under-
score, I will be returning to the floor sometime today to modify my amend-ment in a technical way. Everyone— certainly including the majority and minority leaders on this bill—has been given those modifications. They are not controversial. I will simply wait for them to be on the floor to make that modification, which is within my right and purview and does not require unanimous consent, and then I am very hopeful this amendment will be teed up in the next group of votes, perhaps around 3:30. 
Madam President, with that, I sug-
gest the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The bill clerk proceeded to call the 
roll. 
Mr. M
CCAIN. Madam President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1921 
Mr. M CCAIN. Madam President, I 
want to say a few words about the Burr amendment, No. 1921, which has now been made pending. I am thankful for the leadership of Chairman B
URR and 
Vice Chairman F EINSTEIN . 
The language of this amendment, of 
which I am an original cosponsor, was overwhelmingly approved by a 14-to-1 vote in the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence in March. 
Implementing legislation to address 
a long list of cyber threats that have become all too common is among my highest priorities. Earlier this month, it was the Office of Personnel Manage-ment and the Army. A few weeks be-fore that, it was the Pentagon net-work, the White House, and the State Department. Before that, it was An-them and Sony. That is just to name a few. 
I am pleased we are able to consider 
this amendment on the National De-fense Authorization Act. This vol-untary information sharing is critical to addressing these threats and ensur-ing that mechanisms are in place to identify those responsible for costly and crippling cyber attacks and ulti-mately deterring future attacks. 
Our current defenses are inadequate, 
and our overall cyber strategy has failed to deter cyber adversaries from continued attacks of intellectual prop-erty theft and cyber espionage against the U.S. Government and American companies. This failure to develop a meaningful cyber deterrent strategy has increased the resolve of our adver-saries and will continue to do so at a growing risk to our national security 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:28 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10JN6.021 S10JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3997 June 10, 2015 
until we demonstrate that the con-
sequences of exploiting the United States through cyber greatly outweigh any perceived benefit. 
This amendment is a crucial piece of 
that overall deterrent strategy, and it is long past time that Congress move forward on information-sharing legisla-tion. This legislation—again, 14 to 1 from the Select Committee on Intel-ligence—complements a number of critical cyber provisions which are al-ready in the bill which will ensure that the Department of Defense has the ca-pabilities it needs to deter aggression, defend our national security interests, and, when called upon, defeat our ad-versaries in cyber space. 
The bill authorizes the Secretary of 
Defense to develop, prepare, coordi-nate, and, when authorized by the President, conduct a military cyber op-eration in response to malicious cyber activity carried out against the United States or a U.S. person by a foreign power. 
The bill includes a provision requir-
ing the Secretary of Defense to conduct biennial exercises on responding to cyber attacks against critical infra-structure. It limits $10 million in funds available to the Department of Defense to provide support services to the Exec-utive Office of the President until the President submits the integrated pol-icy to deter adversaries in cyber space, which was required by the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014. 
It authorizes $200 million for a di-
rected evaluation by the Secretary of Defense of the cyber vulnerabilities of every major DOD weapons system by not later than December 31, 2019. 
It requires an independent panel on 
DOD war games to assess the ability of the national mission forces of the U.S. Cyber Command to reliably prevent or block large-scale attacks on the United States by foreign powers with capabili-ties comparable to those expected of China, Iran, North Korea, and Russia in years 2020 and 2025. 
It establishes a $75 million cyber op-
erations procurement fund for the com-mander of U.S. Cyber Command to ex-ercise limited acquisition authorities. 
It directs the Secretary of Defense to 
designate Department of Defense enti-ties to be responsible for the acquisi-tion of critical cyber capabilities. 
The cyber security bill was passed 
through the Select Committee on In-telligence because that is clearly, in many respects, among the responsibil-ities of the Select Committee on Intel-ligence. But I think it is obvious to anyone that the Department of Defense is a major player. I just outlined a number of the provisions of the bill which are directly overseen and related to the Department of Defense. 
So my friends on the other side of the 
aisle seem to be all torqued-up about the fact that this cyber bill should be divorced from the Department of De-fense. I know that my colleagues on the other side of the aisle are very aware that just in the last few days, 4 
million Americans—4 million Ameri-cans—had their privacy compromised by a cyber attack. The Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff has stated that we are ahead in every aspect of a potential adversary except for one, and that is cyber. There are great threats that are now literally to America’s supremacy in space and to many other aspects of technology that have been developed throughout the world and are now part of our daily lives. 
So I am not quite sure why my 
friends on the other side of the aisle should take such exception to legisla-tion that addresses our national secu-rity and the threats to it, which lit-erally every expert in America has agreed is a major threat to our ability to defend the Nation. 
So I think there are colleagues who 
are not on the Intelligence Committee and are not familiar with the provi-sions of this bill. It clearly is not only Department of Defense-related, but it is Department of Defense-centric, with funds available to DOD to provide serv-ices to the Executive Office of the President, $200 million, cyber vulnera-bilities of major DOD weapons system, an independent panel on DOD war games, and on and on. It is Department of Defense-related, and it is the whole purpose of the Defense authorization bill, which is to defend the Nation. To leave cyber security out of that—yes, there are some provisions in the under-lying bill, but this hones and refines the requirements that we are badly in need of and gives the President of the United States and Secretary of Defense tools to try to limit the damage that is occurring as we speak. 
I want to repeat—and to my col-
league from Indiana who is a member of that committee, I would ask him—4 million Americans recently were com-promised by cyber attack. 
Mr. COATS. In response to my friend 
from Arizona—— 
Mr. M
CCAIN. Madam President, I ask 
unanimous consent to engage in a col-loquy with the Senator from Indiana. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. COATS. Madam President, this is 
a serious breach, and there is more to the story to be told. It shows the ex-treme position that we are in here as Americans, as there are those who want to take this country down, those who want to invade privacy of Ameri-cans and have the capabilities of breaching this. The legislation before us, and the reason why it is brought here now and, hopefully, will be at-tached to the Defense bill is that this needs to be done now and not later. How many breaches do we have to hear about—whether it is the private sector or whether it is the government sec-tor—before this Congress and this Sen-ate will stand up and say we have the capability of preventing some of these things from happening, but we need the legislative authority to do it. To delay and not even allow us to go forward 
with this puts more and more millions of Americans at risk, whether they work for the government or are in pri-vate industry. 
Mr. M
CCAIN. And isn’t it true, I 
would ask my colleague from Indiana, that the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff recently stated that in the po-tential of our adversaries to threaten our security, we have a definite superi-ority in all areas except for one, which is in the issue of cyber security; is that correct? 
Mr. COATS. I think that is obvious, 
because, clearly, while we have the ca-pability to address some of these issues, we are not allowed to use the capability. This legislation gives us the opportunity to have a cooperative ef-fort. Some of those who resist the use of this because they think it is poten-tially a breach of privacy now under-stand that breaches are occurring from outside and into the United States, by those who are enemies of the state, those who are criminal groups, those who are terrorist groups. While we may have the capacity to deal with this, without this legislative authority we are not allowed to use it. 
So what an irony—what an irony 
that some are saying: We can’t trust the government on this to help us. This is defense. This is like saying we can’t trust the Department of Defense, we can’t trust the Army or the Navy to protect us from attack because it is government-run. Now, they are saying there are some operations in govern-ment here that are part of our defenses that can’t be used until we have au-thority. The irony is that people’s privacies are being breached by all of these attempts, and we are denying the opportunity to put the tools in place to stop that from happening. 
Mr. M
CCAIN. Could I ask my col-
league again: The 4 million people whose privacy was just breached—4 million Americans—what potential damage is that to those individual Americans? 
Mr. COATS. Well, we are just learn-
ing what damage this is and how it can be misused in any number of ways. Some of this information is classified. But I can say to my colleague from Ar-izona, the chairman of the Armed Serv-ices Committee, that this puts some of our people and some of our systems in great peril. It is something that needs to be addressed now and not pushed down the line. 
Mr. M
CCAIN. So it seems to me that 
to those 4 million Americans, we owe them and it is our responsibility—in fact, our urgent responsibility—to try to prevent that same kind of breach from being perpetrated on 4 million or 8 million or 10 million more Ameri-cans. If they are capable of doing it once to 4 million Americans, what is to keep them from doing the same thing to millions of Americans more, if we sit here idly by and do nothing on the grounds that the objection is that it is not part of the Department of Defense 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:34 Jun 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10JN6.023 S10JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3998 June 10, 2015 
bill, which seems to me almost ludi-
crous? 
Mr. COATS. Well, since the Depart-
ment of Defense is one of those agen-cies being attacked, I would certainly think this is the appropriate attach-ment to a bill for which, hopefully, we will be given the opportunity by our friends across the aisle. Hopefully, we will be able to pass it in the Senate, move it on to the House, and get it to the President so that these authorities can be in place. 
The Senator mentioned 4 million. A 
company whose headquarters is in the State of Indiana, Anthem insurance company, was breached—and this is public information—of 80 million peo-ple on their roles. That is almost one- third of all Americans who have had their private information breached by a cyber attack—not to mention the threat that comes from cyber attack on our critical infrastructure. 
What if they take down the financial 
system of one of our major banks or several banks? What if they take down the financial transactions that they place on Wall Street every day? What if they shut down an electric power grid in the middle of February when the temperatures in the Northeast are in minus-Fahrenheit temperatures or when it is 110 degrees in Phoenix and you lose your power and can’t turn on air conditioning? People will die. Peo-ple will be severely impacted by this. To not go forward and give authoriza-tion to use the tools to try to better protect American safety is not only un-reasonable but is a very serious thing. 
Mr. M
CCAIN. I thank my colleague 
from Indiana for his outstanding work on a very difficult issue that poses a threat to every American and citizens throughout the world. 
I yield the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
T
ILLIS ). The Senator from Louisiana. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1473 
Mr. CASSIDY. Mr. President, I rise 
in support of Senator V ITTER ’s amend-
ment No. 1473, which requires the Army to maintain no fewer than 32 brigade combat teams, which are also referred to as BCTs. 
I support this amendment because 
cutting the brigade combat teams is cutting the core of the Army’s struc-ture and their ability to perform their mission. This amendment requires the Army to maintain a brigade combat team level of 32. Currently, the Army is planning on cutting these to 30 and to continue cutting to a point where we will have a hollow force. This is a short-sighted approach to a bigger problem. 
First, what the amendment says is 
that the Secretary shall give priority under this paragraph to be carried out as funding or appropriations become available. 
Secondly, nothing in this section 
shall be construed to supersede the Army’s manning of brigade combat teams at designated levels, and it re-quires congressional defense commit-tees to have a report on the current 
manning of each brigade combat team of the Army. It also ensures that the Army National Guard brigade combat teams are maintained at 26, and this accounts for the deactivation of two Air National Guard brigade combat teams previously agreed to. 
You may ask, Why do we need 32 bri-
gade combat teams? At the height of the Iraq and Afghanistan wars, we had 48 brigade combat teams. If we have noticed, in the Middle East, it is get-ting worse, not better. This is not to say that we will commit these troops, but it will be to say that we shall maintain our readiness. 
Next, the Army’s key weapon system 
is the brigade combat team. This amendment protects that key weapon from those cuts. 
Lastly, reducing brigade combat 
teams does not—I emphasize, does not—make existing brigade combat teams more ready. It wears them out. If you have fewer teams, they are de-ployed more often in whatever activity they are deployed to, and that stretches that manpower and womanpower potentially to the break. 
Under this, with the higher level of 
force, there is less stress upon those who are there maintaining their readi-ness. In total, this amendment requires the Army to take a closer look at their strategy and risk, forcing the Army to think long term instead of just cutting the most crucial part of our force, which is the people, the human capital, our fellow citizens. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I rise 
today to support the underlying bill we are talking about on the floor, which is the Defense authorization bill. 
At a time of a rapidly deteriorating 
security environment around the world, we need to modify our policies. From the violence in Iraq and Syria to China’s aggressive land reclamation in the South China Sea to Russia’s activi-ties on the eastern border of Ukraine as we speak here today—all of this is going on. We live in a world that is a lot less safe and less friendly to U.S. interests. Every day we see more of this. Frankly, it is time for us here in the Senate to help by changing some of our policy approaches to address this changing and more dangerous situation we see around the world. 
I would hope we can do this on a bi-
partisan basis. Our differences with re-gard to other issues tend to be more pronounced, but with regard to na-tional security, normally we come to-gether. I am concerned with what I am hearing, at least from some of the de-bate I have heard on the floor, where it 
sounds as though some of our col-leagues on the other side of the aisle would like to actually shut down this debate and not have a debate on some of these amendments and not have some votes on some of these amend-ments and not have a vote on this bill to try to adjust our national security 
posture so that we can address these new challenges around the world. It doesn’t mean that everything that this side of the aisle wants to do would be accepted. Democrats would have the chance to offer their ideas, and we would have a good debate on it, and they would have a say in it. We need Democrat support to get the legisla-tion done. But let’s have that debate and that discussion. 
So I hope that what I am hearing is 
not accurate. I hope we will be able to come together and continue this dis-cussion and be able to have votes on amendments and on the final bill and then be able to help, to the extent we can in the Senate, to adjust our foreign policy and our national security policy to address these very real threats we see emerging all over the world. 
I will give an example of one that I 
will offer today. This is an amendment that has to do with Ukraine. As some of my colleagues know, the situation in Ukraine has deteriorated significantly in the last year or so, and it has done so because Russia not only invaded Cri-mea and took that part of Ukraine but they are also now continuing their ag-gression on the border of Ukraine. This is a situation that affects us as Ameri-cans because Ukraine is our ally. Ukraine is a country that has decided to stand with us. It is time for us and the other NATO countries to stand with them. 
Our policy toward Ukraine, in my 
view, has been not just insufficient but it has been kind of piecemeal. We haven’t had a strategy to deal with this issue. So what this amendment at-tempts to do is to take the language that is in the underlying legislation— already in the bill the committee put together—and improve it so that, in-deed, we do have a more comprehensive strategy toward Ukraine. This is in-credibly important not just for Ukraine but for the international order, for our national security, and for our ability to help stop this aggression in Europe—the first, really, since World War II, where we have seen that a country is going across another coun-try’s boundaries and actually violating territorial integrity. 
I visited Ukraine a couple of months 
ago in April. I got to see some of the conflict consequences firsthand. For those who have been to Ukraine—a number of my colleagues have, includ-ing Senator D
URBIN , who just got back 
from Ukraine—I think they would all agree with me that Ukraine is in a state of war and it is under siege. That makes it much more difficult for Ukraine to do what they know they need to do, which is to improve their 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:34 Jun 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10JN6.024 S10JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3999 June 10, 2015 
economy, to deal with corruption, to 
have more transparency, to become more like those countries they want to emulate—the European countries and the United States of America. They are attempting to do that, but it is dif-ficult when they have this conflict on their border where troops are being killed and civilians are being killed and where they have to devote enor-mous amounts of time and resources. 
Just this week I had the opportunity 
to meet with the Prime Minister of Ukraine and the Finance Minister, both of whom are in town. In fact, we met with them yesterday as part of the Ukrainian Caucus, which I cofounded with Senator D
URBIN . I will tell my 
colleagues that talking to them, it is very troubling to hear what is hap-pening in their country right now. 
As some of my colleagues know, 
there is supposed to be a cease-fire in place. It came from the second of what is called the Minsk agreement. What-ever semblance of credibility this Minsk cease-fire had left—I don’t think it had much—it has now totally crum-bled. Just last week, combined Rus-sian-separatist forces launched a major assault to the north and southwest of the Province of Donetsk. Donetsk is one of those areas also known as an ob-last or a province, where there is a lot of Russian and Russian-separatist ac-tivity. They were focused on this stra-tegic town of Maryinka. We probably saw some of this on TV. It is very trou-bling that once again it looks as of these separatist forces, backed by Rus-sia and Russian equipment, which are directly involved in this, are beginning to push back into Ukraine again. 
The casualty reports are still coming 
in, but it appears that dozens have been killed or wounded in this assault, according BBC. These independent news organizations are following this, and I hope all of us are focused on this. The U.S. intelligence in the area is not what it ought to be, frankly, in my view, so we do need to rely on some of these media sources. 
It is very clear that in terms of this 
assault, they were using tanks and heavy multiple-launch rocket systems and over 1,000 men were involved. So clearly, this is something that is not only a serious military exercise, but it is one that is backed by Russia, using Russian equipment. We have seen just how committed the Russian Govern-ment is to this—to promoting insta-bility in that region of the world. They are committed. 
The question is whether we are com-
mitted to step up and support the peo-ple of Ukraine. This is something that, in my view, the NATO forces and the United States should have done a long time ago—not by us getting involved directly, which, frankly, that is not what they are asking for. They are ask-ing for assistance and aid to be able to defend themselves. They are asking for us to help them to be able to stop this assault by giving them just the basic weaponry they need to stop tanks, po-tentially to stop aircraft if aircraft get 
involved, and to be able to stop the in-vasion and to protect the territorial in-tegrity of the country of Ukraine. 
The President and some of his top ad-
visers continue to stand in the way of meaningful U.S. and NATO action. They have told me they fear that it would provoke Russia, as if deadly clashes such as the one we saw last 
week and, in fact, yesterday—and we will continue to see today, probably, this steady stream of Russian tanks, artillery pieces, and soldiers into Ukraine—aren’t evidence enough that NATO and American restraint has not deescalated this conflict. In fact, I think, in a way, it has emboldened the Russians, and it has inflamed them. Again, we are not talking about U.S. troops. What we are talking about is helping this country that is our ally that has turned to us through NATO, and we want them to be able to defend themselves. 
The President continues to enforce 
this de facto embargo on any kind of significant weapon that Ukraine has said it needs to defend itself. He does that despite an overwhelming bipar-tisan consensus here in this body and in the House that it is time to increase this help. That would include lethal and nonlethal assistance to Ukraine. Congress has voted repeatedly to do just that, most notably in the Ukrain-ian Freedom Support Act, which was signed into law by President Obama in December. It also provided the Presi-dent a national security waiver so he didn’t have to do what we think he should do, which is to help them to de-fend themselves. The administration continues to withhold these arms, and it is time for that to end. 
There is really very little disagree-
ment on the capabilities that Ukraine needs. My amendment, which is amend-ment No. 1850, modifies and builds on the great work that Senator M
CCAIN 
and Senator R EEDand others have al-
ready done in the bill. If we look at section 1251 of the bill, we will see that there is already assistance being pro-vided to Ukraine, about $300 million. Our amendment directs the Secretary of Defense to spend this money in a way that all of us know is the appro-priate way to ensure that we get the most bang for the buck and that we are giving them the assistance they really need. 
It requires the Secretary of Defense 
to spend this money on a number of critical capabilities they need to de-fend themselves, including real-time intelligence, medium-range and long- range counter-artillery radars, defen-sive lethal assistance such as antitank weapons, UAVs, secure communica-tions, and training to develop key com-bat, planning, and support capabilities at both the small unit level and at the brigade level. So it provides, frankly, less wiggle room for the administration by laying out exactly what is needed, what is being asked for by the Ukrain-ian military, and what, in this Cham-ber and having done a lot of work in 
this area through our Ukrainian Cau-cus and through other sources, we know is necessary. 
Half of this $300 million under our 
amendment would be fenced off until at least $60 million of it is spent on the important capabilities the Ukrainians really need and have requested. That is the real-time intelligence, defensive le-thal assistance, and counter-artillery batteries. If the administration fails to use this money for the purposes speci-fied, then they have to use it to sup-port other nations facing an increased risk of Russian aggression—countries such as Georgia and Moldova. 
The amendment also requires DOD to 
report on the quantity and the type of security assistance being provided to Ukraine and how it complies with the purposes that are established in the legislation. 
So the amendment helps to ensure 
that U.S. military assistance provides the assistance that will truly have a meaningful impact on the ground, and it gives Ukraine the tools it needs to defend itself. 
It will also finally increase the cost 
of Russia’s aggression. At no point has President Putin’s decision to escalate this war been costly enough to force President Putin and the Russians to fundamentally reconsider their strat-egy. The annexation of Crimea, the campaign to destabilize and then in-vade eastern Ukraine last summer and fall, and the recent offensive have all happened despite a flurry of Western attempts to force a negotiated settle-ment. In fact, each temporary cease- fire in some senses has merely legiti-mized what the Russians have done. When there is this flurry of diplomatic activity, it tends to happen after the Russians have made gains on the ground and then it accepts those gains on the ground as the basis for negotia-tions, granting the separatists and their Russian supporters moral and, I would say, some legal equivalency that they simply don’t deserve. 
There is a pattern here. They seize 
the land, they preserve their gains through an internationally mediated cease-fire, and then they break that cease-fire, as they are doing right now, to seize more land and then use a new cease-fire to secure acceptance of their new gains. This has to stop. 
The Obama administration and some 
EU members have been so fixated on ensuring that the successful implemen-tation of the February cease-fire is a goal in and of itself that they have lost sight of this broader policy objective that a cease-fire should be working to achieve, which should be the defense of Ukrainian sovereignty and territorial integrity and support for the economic and political reforms that Ukraine needs. Let me underscore that. It is very difficult for them to undertake the economic and political reforms they need with this siege going on, and that is what we need. We need them to make those reforms so they cannot 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:34 Jun 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10JN6.026 S10JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4000 June 10, 2015 
just keep their territorial integrity but 
also so they become a stable, demo-cratic, and prosperous country. 
The Russian aggression in Ukraine is 
not going to go away or resolve itself simply because we wish it to. It will take a comprehensive strategy, which is laid out in this amendment, and co-ordinated political, military, and eco-nomic actions to change the current dynamic. Sanctions and economic as-sistance for Ukraine are important, but they are tools, not a strategy. Russian military action has been successful in threatening Ukraine’s stability where other attempts to use economic or po-litical means have failed. So what the Russians and separatists have found is that they have tried to disrupt through economic means and political means, and they haven’t been successful there. In fact, the Ukrainians have rejected that, including by a recent election. It is no accident that their most success-ful tactic, the military tactic, is the one the United States and the West has done the least to address. 
I have argued for months that this 
piecemeal, reactionary response to in-timidation from Moscow is a recipe for failure. Instead, we have to have a comprehensive, proactive strategy that strengthens NATO, deters Russian ag-gression, and gives Ukraine the polit-ical, economic, and military support it needs to maintain its independence. We need a strategy that seeks to shape the outcomes, rather than one that is shaped by them. Much of that leader-ship must come from us and the admin-istration here in the United States. Of course, this body has an important role to play, and that is what this amend-ment is all about. 
Let’s include funding for Ukrainian 
military assistance, not just in this au-thorization bill where we are setting the policy for it, but let’s be sure in the spending bills that follow that we pro-vide the Ukrainians what they need. 
We should pass this legislation—the 
underlying bill—which Chairman M
CCAINhas correctly noted is critical 
to helping us deal with so many chal-lenges in the dangerous world we face. We should pass, again, the defense spending bill that doesn’t leave the men and women in uniform without the means to carry out their incredibly important mission. 
Importantly, for today’s purposes, we 
have to be clear about what the stakes are in Ukraine. Events in Ukraine are a direct and deliberate challenge to the credibility of NATO itself, to the U.S.- led international order. President Putin’s actions upend decades of estab-lished international norms and threat-en the very foundation of this system order. Confidence in America and our European allies’ unity and commit-ment to upholding this system deters bad actors. It incentivizes other coun-tries to play by the rules. That is what we want. We want to help ensure peace, stability, and prosperity. If the credi-bility of our commitment is in doubt, the risk of economic collapse, more vi-olence, and more instability increases. 
Into a void, chaos ensues. The Ukrain-ians understand this. They understand the importance of this conflict well be-yond their borders. I hope in the United States of America we under-stand it. I hope we act in a way to help the Ukrainians be able to defend them-selves and counter these activities on the eastern border of Ukraine. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent that the Senate be in a period of debate only until 3 p.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I sug-
gest the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mrs. BOXER. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mrs. BOXER. Thank you so much. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent to speak as in morning business until I conclude. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mrs. BOXER. Thank you very much, 
Mr. President. 
HIGHWAY BILL  
I come to talk about something dif-
ferent than the pending legislation—I have a number of things to say about that, a number of amendments I am supporting, many of them bipartisan. 
At this point, I want to talk about 
the crisis we are facing in terms of our highway bill. We now have 51 days until the highway trust fund is empty. For all of us, this is a terrible prospect because a lot of our States rely on the Federal Government for up to 85 to 90 percent of their funding. Some States rely on less. My State relies on about 50 percent, but it is still huge. When this trust fund goes under, we are going to be in a lot of trouble. 
What we have seen in this particular 
Senate since our Republican friends took over—and they are my friends— are a number of self-inflicted crises. Lord knows we have enough of them coming our way, we don’t have to in-vent them—but we have seen several. In the first crisis we had, we were head-ed toward a partial shutdown of the Department of Homeland Security over an unrelated immigration issue. That was ridiculous. There was a lot of angst and finally it was resolved. 
The second self-inflicted crisis ended 
last week, and it was brought about be-cause the Republican leader didn’t like the USA FREEDOM Act the House had passed overwhelmingly. As a result of his opposition, he, for several days, turned away from 57, 58, and more Sen-ators who actually supported that bill, and he brought the surveillance of ter-rorists to a screeching halt. That wasn’t what he wanted to do, but as a result of that self-inflicted crisis, we had a couple of moments there where 
we were dark. That problem luckily ended after a couple of days. 
And now we are headed for another 
self-inflicted crisis, although I must say, from conversations I have had, I have some hope we can avert this cri-sis. 
We have known about this since last 
December, when Democrats said: Let’s stay in until we solve the highway trust fund. And Republicans said: Oh, no, let’s just take care of it in May. Then, in May, the Republicans said: Let’s just take care of it in July. That is no way to run a country. It is no way to run a transportation system. It is ri-diculous, and our States, as I will point out later, are starting to cut way back on transportation projects—highways, bridges, and transit systems—because they are scared we are not going to reach agreement. So, 51 days, and I am here today to talk about it. 
I want to show you a photograph of a 
bridge collapse in Minneapolis, MN, that happened in August of 2007. This bridge collapsed because there was a design flaw. It went undetected because there were not enough inspections made of the bridge because there wasn’t enough being spent on ensuring that our bridges are safe. 
To me, as I look at this, it is a meta-
phor for the current status of the high-way trust fund, which supports thou-sands of businesses and millions of jobs and is on the verge of bankruptcy. You can see on this photograph the chaos, the danger, the disaster. Even though there are no people you can see, you can imagine the shock that occurred from this collapse. 
Now, you might think this is an iso-
lated incident, but I want to tell you we have 61,300 bridges in the United States which have been cited as being structurally deficient by engineers. The fact that we don’t have a multiyear plan in place to fix these bridges is a shame upon our Nation. It is a shame upon our Nation. If you had your loved one in one of these cars, you would know this is unacceptable. 
My message today to both sides of 
the aisle and to the House and the Sen-ate is simple: We cannot afford to pass yet another short-term extension be-cause that doesn’t give us the cer-tainty or the funds to fix bridges such as these—the 61,300 bridges that need repair. The continued inaction by Con-gress to enact a long-term bill is a dis-grace and we need to meet this chal-lenge head-on. 
Now, I have heard rumors that we are 
making progress, and I know we are in the Environment and Public Works Committee. I serve on that committee with my friend Senator I
NHOFE . He and 
I have agreed we will go forward with a multiyear bill. This is wonderful. It is a little late in the day—we should have done it a long time ago—but I am proud he and I have agreed this is a pri-ority. We have a date set of June 24 to mark up the bill. That is only about 35 days before the collapse of the trust 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:34 Jun 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10JN6.028 S10JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4001 June 10, 2015 
fund, but if all the other committees 
did their job as our committee did, we would be OK. So, yes, I am encouraged, but there are three other committees that haven’t set up dates to mark up anything, as far as I know. Unless a miracle occurs, I believe my Repub-lican friends are going to ask us for yet another short-term extension. 
Now, if you went out on the street 
and stopped anybody—Republican, Democrat, whatever age—if you asked: Is it controversial for the Federal Gov-ernment to fund transportation projects? They would say no. 
Maintaining and improving our 
roads, bridges, and transit systems is a necessity. It is a necessary investment in our future that was recognized at our country’s founding in the Constitu-tion. That is why Senator I
NHOFE , who 
is one of the leading conservatives in the Senate, and myself, a very strong progressive Member, agree. Article I, section 8 of the Constitution gave Con-gress the authority ‘‘to establish Post Offices and post Roads,’’ and that has continued throughout our Nation’s his-tory. 
Legislation authorizing Federal in-
vestment in our highways dates back 100 years to the passage of the Federal Aid Road Act of 1916 and the Federal Aid Highway Act of 1921. 
I quote one of my favorite Presi-
dents, Dwight Eisenhower. In 1956, he established the highway trust fund to serve as the major source of funding for our Nation’s highway systems. This was significant because it was a large increase of Federal infrastructure in-vestment. President Eisenhower knew we needed modern, efficient transpor-tation systems to ensure our security. I say ‘‘security’’ because this is what President-elect Eisenhower said, a gen-eral and a hero from World War II: ‘‘A network of modern roads is as nec-essary to defense as it is to our na-tional economy and personal safety.’’ 
He viewed a network of modern roads 
as a necessity to our defense. And I would add the word ‘‘bridges,’’ because you can have a convoy going over our bridges, too. So General Eisenhower and then President Eisenhower knew how important an efficient system of roads is to our military and national defense. 
While serving in the Army way back 
in 1919, he joined a convoy of approxi-mately 80 trucks and other military ve-hicles to cross from Washington, DC, to San Francisco to test the military’s motor vehicles. This trip took 2 months, averaging 6 miles an hour. From this experience, plus his count-less other experiences with the mili-tary, both home and abroad, he under-stood how important a reliable trans-portation system is to a First World nation. 
Again, he said, ‘‘A network of mod-
ern roads is as necessary to defense as it is to our national economy and our personal safety.’’ 
Today, our economy still relies on 
interconnected transportation systems to move goods out of major ports of 
entry. I want to talk about my own State because at the Port of Los Ange-les, we take in about 40 percent of the Nation’s imports. We know they go straight out onto those roads and they deliver goods all over our great Nation. 
We know there is a universal under-
standing that we have to maintain that road system so we can move people and goods efficiently. These surface trans-portation systems, which used to be the envy of the world, remain the foun-dation of a strong U.S. economy and enable us to compete in the global mar-ketplace. 
I hope you heard that I said our 
transportation system used to be the envy of the world because it is no longer the envy of the world. It is our fault. This has to be a priority. The United States lags behind its overseas competitors in infrastructure invest-ment. According to the most recent World Economic Forum ranking within the past decade, the United States has fallen from 7th to 16th in the quality of our roads. We are behind countries such as China, Portugal, and Oman. This is ridiculous. The greatest Nation in the world—that is what we are—but we are falling behind on our infrastruc-ture because we do not have the guts to face the fact that we have to fund the highway system. 
Why are we behind? We only spend 2 
percent of our gross domestic product on infrastructure, and that is a 50-per-cent decline from 1960. So we spend 2 percent of our gross domestic product while Europe spends 5 percent and China spends 9 percent. 
The Federal Government does pro-
vide, as I said, over 50 percent of the capital expenditures for State highway projects nationwide, which means that all of our States and all of our local governments rely heavily on Federal funding to maintain and to improve their transportation. However, this is just a national average. 
(Mr. SCOTT assumed the Chair.) I see my colleagues have changed 
places here. For South Carolina, South Carolina depends on the Federal Gov-ernment for 80 percent of their high-way funds and their bridge repair—80 percent. California is 50 percent. North Dakota is 80 percent. Montana is 87 percent. 
So what I am saying to my col-
leagues who I hope are somewhere lis-tening is that if we do not act to fill the highway trust fund and to meet this looming made-up crisis—check out your State and how much you rely on Federal funds. 
I already showed the picture of the 
Minnesota bridge collapse. I would like to put that up again because I think the Minnesota bridge collapse is a met-aphor for where we are. Our whole thing is discombobulated. Our whole thing is disrupted because we do not have the courage to fund the highway trust fund, which, as President Eisen-hower said all of those areas ago, is critical to our national security. I am going keep this picture up here 
for a minute. I want to talk about our States and the bridges that are in dis-repair. I hope people who may be lis-tening across the country—if you live in one of these States, give a call to your Senator and ask him or her: What are you doing to fill the highway trust fund? 
For example, in Kentucky there are 
over 1,100 structurally deficient bridges—bridges that could look like this. Pennsylvania has more than 5,000 structurally deficient bridges, which accounts for over 20 percent of all the bridges in their State. 
In addition to the dangerously poor 
conditions of our bridges, 50 percent of our Nation’s roads are in less than good condition. These roads and bridges that are no longer in good working condi-tion span across the country. 
So I am going to show a chart that I 
don’t think we have ever talked about here. These are examples of deficient highway bridges in need of repair: Ala-bama, I–65 bridge over U.S. 11 in Jeffer-son County; Arizona, I–17 bridge over 19th Avenue in Maricopa County; Ar-kansas, I–30 bridge over the UP Rail-road in Pulaski County; California, the Golden Gate Bridge, for goodness’ sake; Colorado, the I–70 bridge in Denver; Connecticut, the West River Bridge in New Haven; District of Columbia, the Memorial Bridge. There was a press conference right near the Memorial Bridge by one of my colleagues a cou-ple of weeks ago. 
People are getting really scared 
about this. The point of this is not to scare anybody; the point of this is to say to my colleagues that we are re-sponsible. 
You know, maybe it is me. When I 
was growing up, my mother and father said: If you know there is a problem, do something about it. You don’t have a right to turn your back and walk away. 
I remember once when I was a county 
supervisor I found out that the county building we were in was earthquake- prone. Nobody talked about it. As soon as I found out it could collapse in an earthquake, I brought it to my col-leagues. I said: Colleagues, we need to do something. 
Do you know what they said, one or 
two of them? Don’t bring it up. We don’t have the money. 
Excuse me. You have to have the 
money if you know the building you are in could collapse in an earthquake. You have to have some money if you know all of these bridges are in dis-repair. 
So let’s continue. Florida, the Pensa-
cola Bay Bridge; Georgia, a bridge in 
Fulton County; Hawaii, Halona Street Bridge in Honolulu; Illinois, Poplar Street Bridge; Indiana, the bridge over the CSX Railroad; Iowa, the Centennial Bridge; Kentucky—another one—the Brent Spence Bridge; Louisiana, an-other bridge there; Maine, the Piscataqua River Bridge; Maryland, the Chesapeake Bay Bridge; Massachu-setts, the I–95 bridge in Middlesex; Michigan, the I–75 Rogue River Bridge. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:31 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10JN6.029 S10JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4002 June 10, 2015 
Remember, if you are hearing my 
voice and you are hearing your State mentioned, give a call to your Senator and ask him or her, whether they are a Democrat or Republican, what they are doing about the highway trust fund be-cause in 51 days it will go bust. 
In Minnesota—did I mention that— 
the I–35 East Bridge over Pennsylvania Avenue; Mississippi, the Vicksburg Bridge; Missouri, the East Bridge over Conway Road; Nevada, the Virginia Street Bridge in Reno; New Hampshire, the I–293 bridge in Hillsborough; New Jersey, the Garden State Parkway in Union County; New Mexico, the Main Street Bridge; New York, the Brooklyn Bridge. 
If you did not read the book ‘‘The 
Great Bridge,’’ you should read that book by David McCullough. It is an in-credible book. That bridge was built so long ago. We don’t want to lose the Brooklyn Bridge. 
In North Carolina, the Greensboro 
Bridge; Ohio, the John Roebling Sus-pension Bridge; Oklahoma, the I–40 bridge over Crooked Oak Creek; Or-egon, the Columbia River Crossing; Pennsylvania, the Benjamin Franklin Bridge; Rhode Island, the viaduct in Providence; South Carolina, the I–85 bridge in Greenville; Texas, the I–45 bridge over White Oak Bayou; Utah, the I–15 bridge over SR–93 in Davis County; Washington, the Evergreen Point Floating Bridge; Wisconsin, the U.S. 41 bridge over a river. 
I just have to ask my friends on both 
sides of the aisle, if the roof on your house is about to cave in with your children inside and you know about it, would you find a way to pay for that repair or would you let it collapse on your kids? The answer is obvious. Of course you are going to fix the roof on your house. You have to keep infra-structure in good repair. The roof is caving in on our roads and our bridges. Lord help us if we do not act and some-one else goes down in a crisis. 
We can look at the details sur-
rounding the I–35 bridge collapse in Minneapolis, MN, shown in that pic-ture. On August 1, 2007, this eight-lane bridge, which is Minnesota’s second busiest bridge, carrying 140,000 vehicles every day, suddenly collapsed during rush hour, killing 13 people and injur-ing 145 people. 
It is critical that our Nation con-
tinue investing in our aging infrastruc-ture. Everybody knows it. Everybody knows it—Congress, States, businesses, American workers. Republicans say they are for infrastructure investment, but they have not acted. Happily, we are having a markup—I am excited about it—in our EPW Committee. Not one other committee has marked up a long-term bill. 
The highway trust fund is an integral 
part of how the Federal Government provides predictable, multiyear fund-ing to States so that States can plan and construct long-term highway, bridge, and transit projects; therefore, the highway trust fund should be our No. 1 priority. In 51 days, the fund will 
go bust. It will be gone. We will not be able to pay all of our bills. So we have to move quickly because otherwise we will face a transportation shutdown. 
The law that currently authorizes 
our transportation program is set to expire on July 31, and the highway trust fund will go bankrupt shortly thereafter. The clock is ticking, and failure is not an option. So let’s put up that 51-day ticking time bomb, if you will. The highway trust fund is in seri-ous trouble, and much needed transpor-tation projects are in peril. 
The short fund creates uncertainty, 
and uncertainty is terrible for busi-ness, it is terrible for workers, and it is terrible for the economy. Billions of dollars will be delayed to our States. Many States, including Utah, Arkan-sas, Georgia, Tennessee, and Wyoming, have already delayed or cancelled con-struction projects due to the uncer-tainty in the funding. 
We are facing a crisis, and everybody 
knows it. If we do not act and act quickly, we will see a domino effect that will be felt throughout our econ-omy. 
I don’t think I have to remind people 
that we came out of the worst reces-sion since the Great Depression. I was here when we saw that happen at the end of George W. Bush’s term. We were losing 700,000 jobs a month. I remember standing here on the floor of the Sen-ate feeling that the whole world was collapsing around us. 
The recovery is taking a long time, 
and thank God it is moving forward now. Our economy, though, is still re-covering, and we must have a strong, modern, efficient transportation sys-tem to move goods and people. There are some people who absolutely need transportation to get to work. This is not a game. Either they need their cars or they need to hop on a bus or a sub-way. And we have 51 days until the highway trust fund will be empty. 
The amount of money we need just to 
keep up with the demand right now to fix our roads and our bridges—that amount is $123 billion just to catch up on the nightmare we are facing. So we not only need a 6-year bill, but we need one that is robust so we can start spending some money on these repairs. Millions of jobs and thousands of busi-nesses are at stake here. 
You know, it is 51 days. And I have 
stood in several press conferences with business leaders, the chamber of com-merce, the AFL–CIO, construction workers, the concrete people, the tar people, the granite people—you name it. They are united as one America in favor of a 6-year solution. I will show you just some of the people whom I have stood with over time in recent days: The AFL–CIO; the U.S. Chamber of Commerce—it is hard to get them on the same page, but they are on the same page and they want this fix; the U.S. Conference of Mayors; the Amer-ican Association of State Highway and Transportation Officials; the American Council of Engineering Companies; the 
American Highway Users Alliance; the American Public Transportation Asso-ciation; the American Road and Trans-portation Builders Association; the American Society of Civil Engineers; and the American Trucking Associa-tion. 
The truckers have said to me: Sen-
ator, we are willing to pay more in our gas tax because we cannot continue to ride on these roads that are falling apart. 
When was the last time someone 
came up to you and said ‘‘Raise my gas tax’’? It is rare. But the truckers have asked us to do it as long as we use the money to fix the road. The chamber of commerce has asked us to raise the gas tax 6 cents to 8 cents. I mean, this is unusual, and I know there is very little support for that. 
I have proposed numerous ways to 
pay for the trust fund, including a re-fundable gas tax increase. So if you earn $100,000 or less in your family, you get back the tax increase, which is about $40 a year. So I think it is worth $40 a year to know that the bridge you drive on is safe, but we would make it refundable so that you would get that back if you are in the middle class or below. 
I will tell you, facing a shutdown— 
and we are already seeing a shutdown in five, six, or seven States—is painful for businesses. I have had business peo-ple come before me with their heads in their hands because they do this work. They build the highways. They fix the bridges. They build the transit sys-tems. And they know we have not come together yet. It is a recipe for disaster. 
What planet are we living on? All of 
America wants this. 
I will continue with some more of 
these names. I just read some of them; I will read some more: the Associated General Contractors; the Association of Equipment Manufacturers; the Asso-ciation of Metropolitan Planning Orga-nizations; the International Union of Operating Engineers; the Laborers’ International Union of North America; the National Asphalt Pavement Asso-ciation; the National Association of Counties; the National Association of Manufacturers. 
The National Association of Manu-
facturers, the Associated General Con-tractors, the International Union of Operating Engineers, the Laborers’ International Union of North Amer-ica—this is all of America. This isn’t red. This isn’t blue. This is everybody. Everybody wants us to fix the roads. Everybody wants us to fix the bridges. 
We have the National Association of 
Truck Stop Operators; the National Governors Association—the Governors are Republicans and Democrats, and they are begging us to get our act in gear and get this done; the National League of Cities, and finally, the Na-tional Ready Mixed Concrete Associa-tion; the National Stone, Sand, and Gravel Association; the Owner-Oper-ator Independent Drivers Association; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:31 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10JN6.034 S10JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4003 June 10, 2015 
the Portland Cement Association; and 
the Retail Industry Leaders Associa-tion. 
The list I read is a partial list. The 
list that I read, frankly, is mostly Re-publican-leaning organizations. 
Why have we not done our job? Why 
don’t we already have a long-term transportation bill before us before the fund goes bust in 51 days? Why? 
It is Congress’s responsibility to act 
quickly to address our Nation’s infra-structure needs. Every day that the Re-publicans fail to move forward with a bill, they are putting people at risk. This isn’t about philosophy. This is about bread and butter. This is about getting to work safely. This is about driving with your family and not being fearful that the bridge you are on is going to fail. 
I am always asked: Well, Senator, 
that is all well and good, but how are you going to pay for this? 
Well, I have a lot of ideas, and I will 
lay them out. There are many ways to pay, and I will give just a sampling of ideas, and I will embrace these ideas. I will work with any Democrat or Re-publican on any one of these ideas. 
Replace existing gas and diesel fuel 
fees with a user fee charged at the re-finery based on the fuel price. In other words, do away with the gas tax and re-place it with a refinery-based fuel fee. They did that in Virginia, and I think it is working well. 
Increase existing gas and diesel fuel 
fees by indexing those fees to inflation, along with a refundable tax credit for low- and middle-income families to off-set those costs. So we can have a mod-est increase of 6 cents, 7 cents, 8 cents on the gas tax and make it refundable to families earning $100,000 or less. 
Assess a user fee on the sale of new 
and used vehicles. That is another idea. 
Use revenue generated from repatri-
ation of corporate earnings currently held overseas. That is international tax reform. We have a lot of money sitting abroad from corporations that have parked it there. They don’t like the rate of their taxes. If you lower their tax, that money can come home, and we can use the taxes we collect to fund the highway trust fund. I have a bill on that with Senator P
AUL. It is bipar-
tisan. Join us. Join us and let’s fix the problem. 
How about this: Borrow money from 
the general fund, to be paid back from the stimulative effect of transpor-tation infrastructure investments on the economy. When we make these in-vestments, they generate so much em-ployment and so much business that people will pay income taxes because they are working. These are millions of jobs, thousands of businesses. 
Another way to pay for it: Apply a 
new, honor-based user fee on the num-ber of miles each individual drives each year. So when you fill out a form to get your car registered, just tell me how many miles you traveled last year, there will be a modest fee, and we can help the trust fund. By the way, I notice my friends want 
to use savings from reducing the over-seas contingency operations account. They want to use that money. They used it for the military; why not use it for saving the trust fund? And how about the savings of uncollected reve-nues owed to the Federal Government? If we just collected one-third of those, we would meet the shortfall. 
So, as I count these ideas, there are 
eight ideas that I have, and I am sure everybody has their own ideas. There is not a shortage of ideas. There is a bit of shortage of courage to come out and say the obvious. If your roof is about to collapse on your home, it will cost you something to fix it. Admit it upfront. No one is going to do it for free. No one is going to fix these 60,000-plus bridges for free. No one is going to build new highways for free. No one is going to build new transit systems for free. Grow up and pay for it. This is ridicu-lous. 
I am speaking for myself. I will sup-
port any of these eight ideas or any combination of them. We know our country is in danger. Our people are in danger every day because of these structurally deficient bridges. If we don’t do anything about it, we will be liable—maybe not in a court of law, but in my mind it is a moral responsi-bility. So I can support any of these ideas. Some of them are conservative ideas, and some of them are liberal ideas. I don’t care. I want to pay for the highway trust fund. 
The bottom line is that the only so-
lution is a consensus-based, bipartisan 6-year transportation bill that will pro-vide States and local communities with the funding and the certainty they need to build these multiyear projects and modernize our infrastruc-ture. 
This isn’t rocket science. Choose one 
of the options. Add one of your own. Do a combination of these options. Let’s have the courage and the moral for-titude to do what is our responsibility. We know our Nation’s infrastructure is deteriorating. We are responsible for it. This is one Nation under God, and we have to act to protect our people. It is our job. 
I think the clearest message was 
from President Eisenhower on this front, and President Reagan, who stepped up to the plate. President Reagan signed into law an increase in the gas tax. He was so proud. He said: I am proud to do this. We have to do this. Let me read his quote. He signed the surface transportation bill, which did increase the gas tax, and he said: 
Because of the prompt and bipartisan ac-
tion of Congress, we can now ensure for our children a special part of their heritage—a network of highways and mass transit that has enabled our commerce to thrive, our country to grow, and our people to roam freely and easily to every corner of our land. 
President Ronald Reagan. I was 
elected the same year he said this. I mean, I am giving away my age, but I was proud that my President under-stood this. I didn’t agree with Ronald 
Reagan on a bunch of things. He said once: ‘‘If you have seen one tree, you have seen them all.’’ I never agreed with that. 
But setting all of that aside, I agree 
with what he said. This is magnificent. Listen to this: 
Because of the prompt and bipartisan ac-
tion of Congress, we can now ensure for our children a special part of their heritage—a 
network of highways and mass transit that has enabled our commerce to thrive, our country to grow, and our people to roam freely and easily to every corner of our land. 
Another person whom I really admire 
on this subject is Senator I NHOFE , my 
friend from Oklahoma, my chairman. I was his chairman for a few years—I think 8—and unfortunately for me I am no longer chairman, I am the ranking member. But I will tell you why we will do hand-to-hand combat on the en-vironment—and we did that today. When it comes to infrastructure, we are very close. Do you know what he said? ‘‘The conservative thing is to pass a bill instead of having the exten-sions.’’ 
Anthony Foxx, our Transportation 
Secretary, and 11 of his predecessors of-fered an open letter to Congress ex-pressing their support for passage of a long-term bill. Remember, this was signed by people who worked for—fol-low me—President Johnson, President Ford, President Reagan, President George Herbert Walker Bush, President Clinton, President George W. Bush, and President Obama. They offered an open letter and said this about the current situation: 
Never in our nation’s history has Amer-
ica’s transportation system been on a more unsustainable course. . . . So, what America needs is to break this cycle of governing cri-sis-to-crisis, only to enact a stopgap measure at the last moment. We need to make a com-mitment to the American people and the American economy. 
That is four Republican Presidents 
and three Democratic Presidents—peo-ple from those administrations. My goodness, there is bipartisanship every-where but here in this room. 
I read the list of everybody who 
wants this bill, and it is very impres-sive: labor, business—small business, large business. It is extraordinary. 
A survey by the National Association 
of Manufacturers of its members—one of our more conservative organiza-tions—found that 65 percent don’t be-lieve our infrastructure is sufficient. We know from the Texas Institute study that traffic congestion in 2011 was $121 billion. We are wasting so much time in traffic. The cost to truck goods moving on our highway system— $27 billion in wasted time and diesel fuel. 
So I hear a lot of talk about passing 
a long-term bill. I am pleased I am hearing that talk. I say to my col-leagues, I hadn’t heard of that, and now I am starting to hear my Republican friends say maybe we can do it. I think we need to do it. We still have 1.4 mil-lion fewer construction jobs than we had before the recession. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:31 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10JN6.035 S10JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4004 June 10, 2015 
The clock is ticking. Failure is not 
an option. Let’s get going. Let’s come together and do the right thing. Pass the highway bill. 
Thank you. Mr. COONS. Mr. President, are we in 
a quorum call? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ate is not in a quorum call. 
EXPORT -IMPORT BANK  
Mr. COONS. Mr. President, I have 
come to the floor today following on the speech just delivered by Senator B
OXER , who highlighted her concern 
about a manufactured crisis—the im-pending expiration of the highway bill, which must be reauthorized by July 31. I come to speak to another manufac-tured crisis. We have to reauthorize the Export-Import Bank by June 30 or face the loss of its support for vital jobs in our economy that will happen with its expiration. 
I am a big advocate for manufac-
turing here in the Senate and in my home State of Delaware, but I am not a big fan of manufactured crises. Both of these are unneeded, self-inflicted wounds that will create further drag on our economic recovery. I think we can and should find ways to work together across the aisle to reauthorize the Ex-port-Import Bank. 
For more than 80 years, the Export- 
Import Bank, commonly known as Ex- Im, has served as a vital tool to help American companies sell their goods around the world. By making loan guarantees and providing risk insur-ance and other financial products to American firms at market prices, the Bank has helped to ensure that Amer-ican companies and their workers can compete anywhere in the world and at no cost to the American taxpayer. I will say that again: at no cost to the American taxpayer. 
The Bank not only pays for itself, 
but it actually often runs a surplus. Last year alone, it returned $700 mil-lion to the U.S. Treasury. Today, the Ex-Im Bank helps American businesses sell nearly $30 billion in goods every single year and supports more than 150,000 American jobs. 
The Bank is a government agency, 
however, and even though it costs tax-payers nothing and has an undeniably positive impact on our economy and on job creation, it remains unclear if this Congress will be able to come together to reauthorize it by June 30 and keep it running. 
Unfortunately, some of my col-
leagues would like to close the Bank, and they are using arguments I think are unfounded and misguided to do so. 
First, I have heard the Ex-Im Bank is 
somehow a government giveaway to large politically connected corpora-tions. But the truth is the Bank helps companies of many different sizes, large and small. 
In my home State of Delaware, for 
instance, the Ex-Im Bank has helped a company I know well—Voigt and Schweitzer, a hot-dip zinc galvanizing company. It has helped them to sell their products abroad. Voigt & 
Schweitzer has a few facilities around the United States, in addition to the one in New Castle, DE. At its Delaware location it provides galvanizing serv-ices for a range of steel products for ex-port. V&S isn’t a huge corporation. It has just a few dozen employees in Dela-ware. It is because of Ex-Im’s support that it has been able to compete with other companies around the globe. 
In fact, Ex-Im’s support helped the 
firm’s Delaware location earn the busi-ness to galvanize literally hundreds of bridges that were manufactured in Pennsylvania and being exported and sold to Africa—business that would have likely gone to competitors over-seas without Ex-Im’s help. 
Now, Ex-Im does also help large cor-
porations export their goods to coun-tries around the world, but that sup-port also benefits small and medium- sized businesses. For example, Boeing often receives significant support from the Ex-Im Bank, which helps it com-pete with international airplane manu-facturers such as Airbus. I have heard Senators criticize this support, but the reality is it isn’t just Boeing that bene-fits. This is an important point about how modern manufacturing and the in-tegration of the supply chain work. 
When Boeing manufactures a finished 
airplane, it doesn’t make all of the plane’s parts with its own factories and its own workforce. It, in fact, buys the vast majority of the component parts from much smaller manufacturers spread throughout the United States. From the brakes on the landing gear to the in-flight entertainment system, other companies make those parts and sell them to Boeing for the finished product. So when Ex-Im helps Boeing export a 747, it helps sustain tens of thousands of jobs for American work-ers at other smaller companies. 
I have seen this myself in Delaware. 
Although Boeing directly employs in Delaware just 16 people, the company supports 1,300 jobs with 52 different Delaware companies. Let me give one example. A smallish company, Polymer Technologies, manufactures and sells thermal and acoustic insulation to Boeing for inclusion in their planes, which are then exported through the help of Ex-Im. 
So when Ex-Im’s opponents in this 
Chamber argue that this is all about a few big companies, that just isn’t true. It also is vital to sustaining and sup-porting smaller manufacturers that are vital to our communities. 
The next misplaced argument I have 
heard is that government shouldn’t be supporting private companies, period. They should not be, as it were, picking winners and losers. But even to a sup-porter of the free market, the point of government is to step in where the pri-vate market fails to do so, and that is exactly what Ex-Im does. 
When the Bank makes a loan to a 
business, it isn’t replacing capital that would otherwise have come from a pri-vate bank. It supplements private cap-ital or makes a private bank more in-
clined to put at risk its own capital through provision of political risk in-surance. Much of the time Ex-Im serves as a lender of last resort and provides a loan where a private bank can’t or won’t. 
So the Export-Import Bank isn’t 
doing something the private sector should be doing. It is picking up where the market leaves off, and in doing so it helps to level the global playing field on which American companies com-pete. 
The reality is that every single one 
of our trading partners provides the same type of support for their exports as the Ex-Im Bank does for ours. So they are picking winners. They are picking American winners on the glob-al playing field. 
For example, as Ex-Im’s chairman, 
Fred Hochberg, has written, ‘‘Ex-Im has given $590 billion in loans, guaran-tees, and insurance over its entire his-tory but Chinese institutions’’—Chi-nese export-financing institutions— ‘‘have provided an estimated $670 bil-lion in just the past 2 years.’’ 
In other words, China has done more 
in just 2 years to support the financing of their exporters than our Export-Im-port Bank has done in its entire 80-year history and at no cost to the taxpayer. 
The bottom line is that American 
jobs are at stake in this debate, and if we fail to keep the doors open to the Export-Import Bank, we will fail a lot of American workers. Every year, Ex- Im supports hundreds of thousands of jobs, and shuttering it will put them at risk. 
In fact, as the Wall Street Journal 
reported just this morning, American companies worry that global competi-tion is ‘‘so cutthroat,’’ that they would ‘‘be forced to move manufacturing overseas’’ and to ship American manu-facturing jobs out of the United States ‘‘if the Ex-Im Bank isn’t open.’’ 
At a time when our economy is con-
tinuing to gain steam and Americans are going back to work—at a clip of 280,000 new jobs announced just last month—we need to continue to help American companies compete in mar-kets around the world. The Ex-Im Bank is central to our competitiveness and our continued strength at home and abroad. It is critical that we act together to reauthorize it before the end of June. So I urge my colleagues to join this effort to help support Amer-ican jobs, American manufacturing, and the American middle class. 
Mr. President, for more than 20 
years, the State Partnership Pro-gram—or SPP—has helped the United States to build closer sustained rela-tionships with militaries and nations around the world. Although I will not call it up and make it pending at this moment, I want to take a few minutes to speak on the floor today about my amendment No. 1474 to the NDAA, an amendment that would significantly strengthen the State Partnership Pro-gram. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:31 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10JN6.036 S10JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4005 June 10, 2015 
First established after the fall of the 
Soviet Union, the State Partnership Program was created to help countries transition their militaries from the So-viet model and enshrine the idea of ci-vilian control of the military through professional and personal exchanges with our State National Guard units. 
The SPP facilitates cooperation 
across all aspects of civil military af-fairs and, besides military relation-ships, encourages people-to-people ties at the State level. I have personally seen the benefits of this program through the participation of my home State National Guard in their State partnership with Trinidad and Tobago and the civilian control that it rein-forces. 
I have also seen it in farflung parts of 
the globe, from Liberia to Senegal to Tunisia on the African continent, where three different State Partner-ship Programs are actively at work providing training and support and re-sources for the military of those three nations. 
The California National Guard, for 
example, currently has units that are helping Ukraine to push back against Russian aggression in eastern Ukraine, leveraging a deep and trusting rela-tionship first established back in 1993. 
Since its creation, the SPP has 
grown substantially. Today, it consists of 68 partnerships between U.S. Na-tional Guard units and foreign coun-tries, with the 69th, between Ken-tucky’s National Guard and the Afri-can nation of Djibouti, having just been signed. Djibouti is a nation that is actually the site of our only substan-tial military presence on the continent of Africa, and that State Partnership Program will help to strengthen, sus-tain, and reinforce our ongoing and vital security partnership with Djibouti, a nation that is sandwiched between Somalia and Yemen, countries currently in chaos and facing signifi-cant threats from Islamic terrorism. 
That is just one example of how the 
State Partnership Program helps lever-age the resources of our National Guard. 
Traditionally, the program has need-
ed to be reauthorized every 2 years, so I am happy this year that both the House and Senate have recognized its value and have decided to work to-gether to permanently reauthorize it in their respective National Defense Au-thorization Act. However, there are a few changes we can make that would add to making the SPP more trans-parent, more efficient, and more effec-tive, and that is what my amendment would do. 
First, it would allow the Secretary of 
Defense to consolidate the various funding streams for the SPP, which right now come from over a half dozen different accounts scattered across DOD, which makes it more difficult to provide meaningful congressional sight. This amendment would allow the Defense Secretary to combine these funding sources into one National Guard fund to pay for personnel, train-
ing, operations, and equipment. 
Second, my amendment would allow 
the National Guard to determine its core competencies and to help combat-ant commanders determine how best to leverage the National Guard to serve the needs of a partner country. 
Last, my amendment would establish 
clear and enhanced reporting require-ments so we can better track the an-nual performance of our units and make modifications where needed to enhance the program’s effectiveness. 
Critically, this amendment would not 
increase the program’s costs at all. This amendment, which is based on the State Partnership Program Enhance-ment Act and currently has 9 Repub-lican and 12 Democratic Senators, in-cluding myself, Senator L
INDSEY GRA-
HAM of South Carolina, Senator P AT 
LEAHY of Vermont, and Senator J ONI 
ERNST of Iowa, enjoys broad bipartisan 
support from a wide range of States whose National Guards have partici-pated and benefited from the State Partnership Program. 
The amendment is enthusiastically 
supported by the National Guard Asso-ciation of the United States, the Na-tional Guard Bureau, and the Adju-tants General. It would take important steps to strengthening a program that is essential to many of our inter-national partnerships, and I urge my colleagues to support it. 
With that, I thank the Chair, and I 
yield the floor. 
Mr. WARNER. Mr. President, I join 
my Virginia colleague Senator T
IM 
KAINE in expressing concern over the 
chairman’s measure to cut $1.7 billion in funding from specific operations and maintenance accounts in an effort to streamline defense headquarters func-tions. 
The Department of Defense is in the 
midst of implementing a 20 percent headquarters reduction that defense of-ficials have planned over time to en-sure that consequences of the reduc-tions are known and managed. Like my colleague, I am concerned that the chairman’s proposed legislation would require additional headquarters reduc-tions, the results of which have not been properly considered. 
While I support continued efficiency 
gains within the Department of De-fense, including—where merited—re-ducing headquarters functions, I be-lieve that before such cuts are taken, the Department must conduct a thor-ough analysis of the best methods to streamline their organizations for the most efficient staffing solutions while remaining viable and effective. 
At a time when department officials 
are managing through enormous budg-et pressure in an increasingly complex national security environment, I fear the Department will be forced to re-duce funding to critical programs. 
Finally, the men and women who will 
likely bear the brunt of these cuts are performing the very work that Con-gress charged the Department of De-fense to conduct. Even this authoriza-
tion includes additional reports, stud-ies, and demands for improvement in areas like program management, per-sonnel planning, acquisition, and sex-ual assault. These programs require a professional cadre to conduct the re-quired analysis and propose rec-ommendations for improvement. 
I look forward to passing a defense 
authorization that adequately supports the Department that has been at war 
for nearly 15 years. 
Mr. KAINE. Mr. President, I am 
pleased the Senate is debating the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for fiscal year 2016. Senators M
CCAINand 
REED, with help from my colleagues 
and me on the Senate Armed Services Committee, have worked tirelessly throughout the spring on these impor-tant military issues. Our committee prides itself on taking a bipartisan and measured approach to reforming and providing oversight to the Department of Defense. I believe we largely suc-ceeded in this endeavor, but I remain gravely concerned about the chair-man’s proposals to streamline Depart-ment of Defense Headquarters by cut-ting funding to specific operations and maintenance, O&M, accounts. 
The Department of Defense already 
implemented a 20 percent reduction of headquarters, which began this year and continues through 2019. Planning for the reduction began several years ago, affording the Department ade-quate time to ensure compliance with various directives, including require-ments of the Goldwater-Nichols Act that established the division in roles among the service chiefs and combat-ant commanders. I am concerned the chairman’s proposed legislation this year, requiring additional headquarters reductions, will force the Department of Defense to find efficiencies that will blur the lines between service and warfighting functions, undermining the bedrock reforms established by Gold-water-Nichols. 
I support reducing the magnitude of 
these cuts, while allowing the Depart-ment to conduct a thorough analysis of the best methods to streamline organi-zations for the most efficient staffing solutions while remaining viable and effective. 
The chairman’s specific proposed re-
ductions are not supported by any re-port or study. Instead, they are based on a perception of unnecessary growth based on anecdotal evidence and nebu-lous data-sets fueled a $1.7 billion cut to several operations and maintenance accounts. 
To the chairman’s point, there has 
undoubtedly been a growth in head-quarters over the past decade. Areas that saw significant increases include cyber warfare and special operations. USCYBERCOM did not exist a decade ago, but now has almost 6,000 employ-ees. Special Operations Command is forecasted to swell to over 70,000 by 2017, but both headquarters are ex-cluded from consideration for reduc-tion, against the requests of the DOD 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:31 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10JN6.038 S10JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4006 June 10, 2015 
to leave everything on the table if 
forced to act on this provision. 
The timing and magnitude of these 
cuts are so severe that I fear the De-partment will be forced to reduce fund-ing to critical programs associated 
with the targeted accounts. Some key programs associated with these ac-counts include military burial honors, suicide prevention, radioactive waste disposal, nuclear command and control networks, acquisition support, veteran hiring programs, and installation fire departments. Many of these programs are tied to our Nation’s commitment to our servicemembers and veterans and should not be subjected to such drastic cuts without due consideration of the downstream effects. 
Finally, the men and women who will 
likely bear the brunt of these cuts are performing the very work that Con-gress charged the Department of De-fense to conduct. Even this authoriza-tion includes additional reports, stud-ies, and demands for improvement in areas like program management, ac-quisition, and sexual assault. These programs require a professional cadre to conduct the required analysis and propose recommendations for improve-ment. Asking our workforce to bear ad-ditional oversight and program man-agement functions while cutting their funding is illogical and wrong. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Oregon. 
CYBERSECURITY INFORMATION SHARING ACT  
Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, I wish to 
speak this afternoon about a con-troversial proposal, the Cybersecurity Information Sharing Act, otherwise known as CISA, which was filed yester-day as an amendment to the Defense authorization bill. 
I want to begin by saying to the Sen-
ate that I believe tacking this legisla-tion onto the Defense bill would, in my view, be a significant mistake. I expect our colleagues are going to have a wide range of views about this legislation, and I hope the Senate can agree that bills as controversial as this one ought to be subject to public debate and an open-ended process, not stapled onto unrelated legislation with only a mod-est amount of discussion. 
This is particularly true given the 
issue of cyber security, which is going to have a significant impact on the se-curity and the well-being of the Amer-ican people and obviously the con-sumer rights and the privacy of law- abiding Americans. Because it is de-signed to increase government collec-tion of information from private com-panies, I am of the view that for the Senate to have this expansion of col-lecting so much information about the people of the United States, for it to have real legitimacy in the eyes of the public, it is important to have open de-bate, with votes on amendments from Senators who have a wide variety of opinions on the issue of cyber security. Trying to rush this bill through the Senate, in my view, is not going to in-crease public confidence. So let me be clear about the process 
and talk a bit about the substance of the legislation as well. I believe tack-ing it onto the Defense bill is a flawed process. But I think there are also sig-nificant flaws with the substance of the legislation as well. Dozens of inde-pendent experts agree this legislation will have serious consequences and do little to make our Nation more secure at a time when cyber threats are very real. The issue of cyber threats re-quires more than a placebo, and this legislation is a bandaid on a gaping wound. I believe the Senate, having the time for adequate reflection and amendment, can do better. 
In beginning, I would like the Senate 
to know just how much controversy and concern this legislation has gen-erated among those who are considered independent experts on cyber security. Shortly before the Intelligence Com-mittee, which I have been honored to serve on for more than 14 years—short-ly before the committee marked up this legislation, a coalition of nearly 50 organizations and security experts wrote to the members of the Intel-ligence Committee expressing serious concerns about the legislation. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent that this letter be printed in the 
R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
Re Cyber Threat Information Sharing Bills 
APRIL 16, 2015. 
Senator D IANNE FEINSTEIN , 
Hart Senate Office Building, Washington, DC. Congressman A
DAMSCHIFF , 
Rayburn House Office Building, Washington, DC. Congressman M
ICHAEL MCCAUL, 
Cannon House Office Building, Washington, DC. Senator R
ICHARD BURR, 
Russell Senate Office Building, Washington, DC. Congressman D
EVIN NUNES , 
Longworth House Office Building, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR SENATOR BURR, SENATOR FEINSTEIN , 
AND REPRESENTATIVES NUNES , SCHIFF , AND 
MCCAUL: We are writing you today as tech-
nologists, academics, and computer and net-work security professionals who research, re-port on, and defend against Internet security threats. Among us are antivirus and threat signature developers, security researchers and analysts, and system administrators charged with securing networks. We have de-voted our careers to building security tech-nologies, and to protecting networks, com-puters, and critical infrastructure against a wide variety of even highly sophisticated at-tacks. 
We do not need new legal authorities to 
share information that helps us protect our systems from future attacks. When a system is attacked, the compromise will leave a trail, and investigators can collect these bread crumbs. Some of that data empowers other system operators to check and see if they, too, have been attacked, and also to guard against being similarly attacked in the future. Generally speaking, security practitioners can and do share this informa-tion with each other and with the federal government while still complying with our obligations under federal privacy law. Significantly, threat data that security 
professionals use to protect networks from future attacks is a far more narrow category of information than those included in the bills being considered by Congress, and will only rarely contain private information. In those rare cases, we generally scrub the data without losing the effectiveness of the threat signature. 
These are some common categories of data 
that we share to figure out if systems have been compromised (indicators of com-promise, or IoCs) and to mitigate future threats: 
Malware file names, code, and hashes Objects (code) that communicate with 
malware 
Compile times: data about the conversion 
of source code to binary code 
File size File path location: where on the computer 
system malware files are stored 
Registry keys: configuration settings for 
low-level operating system and applications 
Memory process or running service infor-
mation 
Attached to this letter is an actual exam-
ple of a threat signature containing data that helps system administrators secure their networks. You’ll see that the informa-tion does not contain users’ private informa-tion. 
Waiving privacy rights will not make secu-
rity sharing better. The more narrowly secu-rity practitioners can define these IoCs and the less personal information that is in them, the better. Private information about individual users is often a detriment in de-veloping threat signatures because we need to be able to identify an attack no matter where it comes from and no matter who the target is. Any bill that allows for and results in significant sharing of personal informa-tion could decrease the signal-to-noise ratio and make IoCs less actionable. 
Further, sharing users’ private informa-
tion creates new security risks. Here are just three examples: First, any IoC that contains personal information exacerbates the danger of false-positives, that innocent behavior will erroneously be classified as a threat. Second, distribution of private data like passwords could expose our users to unau-thorized access, since, unfortunately, many people use the same password across mul-tiple sites. Third, private data contained in personal emails or other messages can be abused by criminals developing targeted phishing attacks in which they masquerade as known and trusted correspondents. 
For these reasons, we do not support any of 
the three information sharing bills currently under consideration—the Cybersecurity In-formation Sharing Act (CISA), the Pro-tecting Cyber Networks Act (PCNA), or the National Cybersecurity Protection Advance-ment Act of 2015. These bills permit overbroad sharing far beyond the IoCs de-scribed above that are necessary to respond to an attack, including all ‘‘harms’’ of an at-tack. This excess sharing will not aid cyber-security, but would significantly harm pri-vacy and could actually undermine our abil-ity to effectively respond to threats. 
As a general rule, when we do need to share 
addressing information, we are sharing the addresses of servers which are used to host malware, or to which a compromised com-puter will connect for the exfiltration of data. In these cases, this addressing informa-tion helps potential victims block malicious incoming connections. These addresses do not belong to subscribers or customers of the victims of a security breach or of our clients whose systems we are helping to secure. Sharing this kind of addressing is a common current practice. We do not see the need for new authorities to enable this sharing. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:28 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10JN6.032 S10JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4007 June 10, 2015 
Before any information sharing bill moves 
further, it should be improved to contain at least the following three features: 
1. Narrowly define the categories of infor-
mation to be shared as only those needed for securing systems against future attacks; 
2. Require firms to effectively scrub all 
personally identifying information and other private data not necessary to identify or re-spond to a threat; and 
3. Not allow the shared information to be 
used for anything other than securing sys-tems. 
We appreciate your interest in making our 
networks more secure, but the legislation proposed does not materially further that goal, and at the same time it puts our users’ privacy at risk. These bills weaken privacy law without promoting security. We urge you to reject them. 
Sincerely, 
Ben Adida; Jacob Appelbaum, Security and 
privacy researcher, The Tor Project; Sergey Bratus, Research Associate Professor, Com-puter Science Department, Dartmouth Col-lege; Eric Brunner-Williams, CTO, Wampumpeag; Dominique Brezinski, Prin-cipal Security Engineer, Amazon.com; Jon Callas; Katherine Carpenter, Independent Consultant; Antonios A. Chariton, Security Researcher, Institute of Computer Science, Foundation of Research and Technology— Hellas; Stephen Checkoway, Assistant Re-search Professor, Johns Hopkins University; Gordon Cook, Technologist, writer, editor and publisher of ‘‘COOK report on Internet Protocol’’ since 1992; Shaun Cooley, Distin-guished Engineer, Cisco; John Covici, Sys-tems Administrator, Covici Computer Sys-tems; Tom Cross, CTO, Drawbridge Net-works; David L. Dill, Professor of Computer Science, Stanford University; A. Riley Eller, Chief Technology Officer, CoCo Communica-tions Corp; Rik Farrow, USENIX. 
Robert G. Ferrell, Special Agent (retired), 
U.S. Dept of Defense; Kevin Finisterre, Owner, DigitalMunition; Bryan Ford, Asso-ciate Professor of Computer Science, Yale University; Dr. Richard Forno, Affiliate, Stanford Center for Internet and Society; Paul Ferguson, Vice President, Threat Intel-ligence; Jim Fruchterman, Benetech; Kevin Gennuso, Information Security Professional; Dan Gillmor. Teacher and technology writer; Sharon Goldberg, assistant professor, Com-puter Science Department, Boston Univer-sity; Joe Grand, Principal Engineer, Grand Idea Studio, Inc.; Thaddeus T Grugq, inde-pendent security researcher; J. Alex Halderman, Morris Wellman Faculty Devel-opment Assistant Professor of Computer Science and Engineering, University of Michigan, Director, University of Michigan Center for Computer Security and Society; Professor Carl Hewitt, Emeritus EECS MIT; Gary Knott, PhD (Stanford CS, 1975), CEO, Civilized Software; Rich Kulawiec, Senior Internet Security Architect, Fire on the Mountain, LLC; Ryan Lackey; Product, CloudFlare, Inc. 
Ronald L. Larsen, Dean and Professor, 
School of Information Sciences, University of Pittsburgh; Christopher Liljenstolpe, Chief architect for AS3561 (at the time about 30% of the Internet backbone by traffic) and AS1221 (Australia’s main Internet infrastruc-ture); Ralph Logan, Partner, Logan Haile, LP; Robert J. Lupo, Senior Security Engi-neer ‘‘sales team’’, IBM inc.; Marc Maiffret, Former CTO BeyondTrust; Steve Manzuik, Director of Security Research, Duo Security; Ryan Maple. Information security profes-sional; Brian Martin, President Open Secu-rity Foundation (OSF); Morgan Marquis- Boire; Aaron Massey, Postdoctoral Fellow, School of Interactive Computing, Georgia In-stitute of Technology; Andrew McConachie. Network engineer with experience working on Internet infrastructure; Daniel L. McDon-
ald, RTI Advocate and Security Point-of- Contact, illumos Project; Alexander McMillen, Mission critical datacenter and cloud services expert; Charlie Miller, Secu-rity Engineer at Twitter; HD Moore, Chief Research Officer, Rapid7. 
Joseph ‘‘Jay’’ Moran, Vice President of 
Cimpress Technology Operations; Peter G. Neumann, Senior Principal Scientist, SRI International Moderator of the ACM Risks Forum (risks.org); Jesus Oquendo, Informa-tion Security Researcher, E-Fensive Secu-rity Strategies; Ken Pfeil, CISO, Pioneer in-vestments; Benjamin C. Pierce, Professor of Computer and Information Science, Univer-sity of Pennsylvania; Ryan Rawdon, Net-work and Security Engineer; Bruce Schneier, security researcher and cryptographer, pub-lished seminal works on applied cryptog-raphy; Sid Stamm, Ph.D., Principal Engi-neer, Security and Privacy, Mozilla; Visiting Assistant Professor of Computer Science, Rose-Hulman Institute of Technology; Armando Stettner, Technology Consultant; Matt Suiche, Staff Engineer, VMware. 
C. Thomas (Space Rogue), Security Strate-
gist Tenable Network Security; Arrigo Triulzi, independent security consultant; Doug Turner, Sr. Director—Privacy, Secu-rity, Networking, Mozilla Corporation; Dan-iel Paul Veditz, Principal Security Engineer, Mozilla, Co-chair Web Application Security Working Group, W3C; David Wagner, Pro-fessor of Computer Science, University of California, Berkeley; Dan S. Wallach, Pro-fessor, Department of Computer Science and Rice Scholar, Baker Institute for Public Pol-icy, Rice University; Jonathan Weinberg, Professor of Law, Wayne State University; Stephen Wilson, Managing Director and Founder, Lockstep Technologies; Chris Wysopal, CTO and co-founder Veracode, Inc.; Stefano Zanero, Board of Governors member, IEEE Computer Society. 
Mr. WYDEN. The signers of the letter 
expressed very serious concerns about the legislation and were particularly concerned it would ‘‘significantly un-dermine privacy and civil liberties.’’ Unfortunately, as the signers of the legislation will report, these concerns were not adequately addressed in the committee markup. 
Shortly after the committee markup, 
a group of 65 technologists and cyber security professionals wrote to Chair-man B
URR and Vice Chairman F EIN-
STEIN expressing their opposition to 
this legislation. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent that this letter be printed in the R
ECORD as well. 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
MARCH 2, 2015. 
Chairman R ICHARD BURR, 
Senate Select Committee on Intelligence, U.S. 
Senate. 
Vice Chairman, D IANNE FEINSTEIN , 
Senate Select Committee on Intelligence, U.S. 
Senate. 
DEAR CHAIRMAN BURR, V ICE CHAIRMAN  
FEINSTEIN , ANDMEMBERS OF THE SENATE SE-
LECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE : We the 
undersigned civil society organizations, se-curity experts, and academics write to ex-plain how the Cybersecurity Information Sharing Act of 2015 (CISA), would signifi-cantly undermine privacy and civil liberties. We now know that the National Security Agency (NSA) has secretly collected the per-sonal information of millions of users, and the revelation of these programs has created a strong need to rein in, rather than expand, 
government surveillance. CISA disregards the fact that information sharing can—and to be truly effective, must—offer both secu-rity and robust privacy protections. The leg-islation fails to achieve these critical objec-tives by including: 
Automatic NSA access to personal infor-
mation shared with a governmental entity; 
Inadequate protections prior to sharing; Dangerous authorization for counter-
measures; and 
Overbroad authorization for law enforce-
ment use. 
For the following reasons, we urge rejec-
tion of CISA in its current form: 
Automatic NSA Access to Personal Infor-
mation and Communications: Since the sum-mer of 2013, NSA surveillance activities, such as the telephony metadata bulk collection program and the PRISM program, have raised nationwide alarm. CISA ignores these objections, and requires real time dissemina-tion to military and intelligence agencies, including the NSA. Congress should be work-ing to limit the NSA’s overbroad authorities to conduct surveillance, rather than passing a bill that would increase the NSA’s access to personal information and private commu-nications. 
Automatic sharing with NSA risks not 
only privacy, but also effectiveness. During a recent House Intelligence Committee hear-ing, NSA Director Admiral Mike Rogers stated that sharing threat indicators with-out filtering out personal data would slow operations and negatively impact NSA’s cyber defense activities. Further, in the wake of revelations regarding the PRISM program, major tech companies stated that they would not voluntarily share users’ in-formation with the NSA. Automated NSA access could thus disincentivize sharing, un-dercutting the key goal of the legislation. 
Inadequate Protections Prior to Sharing: 
CISA does not effectively require private en-tities to strip out information that identifies a specific person prior to sharing cyber threat indicators with the government, a fundamental and important privacy protec-tion. While the bill requires that companies ‘‘review’’ cyber threat indicators for infor-mation that identifies a specific person and sometimes remove it, the bill contains no standard to ensure that this review effort is—at a minimum—reasonable. 
Further, the bill requires companies to re-
move that information only for individuals that it knows are ‘‘not directly related to a cybersecurity threat.’’ This could encourage companies to retain data by default, unnec-essarily exposing the information of inno-cent bystanders and victims to the govern-ment, and making it available to law en-forcement for a myriad of investigative uses. Legislation should instead require that prior to sharing, companies make at least a rea-sonable effort to identify all personally iden-tifiable information and, unless it is nec-essary to counter the cyber threat before sharing any indicators with the government, remove it. The default should be to preserve privacy, rather than to sacrifice it. 
Dangerous Authorization for Counter-
measures: CISA authorizes countermeasures ‘‘notwithstanding any law,’’ including the federal Computer Fraud and Abuse Act. As amended by CISA, federal law would permit companies to retaliate against a perceived threat in a manner that may cause signifi-cant harm, and undermine cybersecurity. CISA provides that countermeasures must be ‘‘operated on’’ one’s own information sys-tems, but may have off-networks effects—in-cluding harmful effects to external sys-tems—so long as the countermeasures do not ‘‘intentionally’’ destroy other entities’ sys-tems. Given the risks of misattribution and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:31 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JN6.017 S10JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4008 June 10, 2015 
escalation posed by offensive cyber activi-
ties—as well as the potential for misappro-priation—this is highly inadvisable. CISA permits companies to recklessly deploy countermeasures that damage networks be-longing to innocent bystanders, such as a hospital or emergency responders that attackers use as proxies to hide behind, so long as the deploying company does not in-tend that the countermeasure result in harm. CISA’s authorization would not only inadvisably wipe away the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act’s current prohibition against these activities, it would be dangerous to internet security. 
Overbroad Law Enforcement Use: Law en-
forcement use of information shared for cy-bersecurity purposes should be limited to prosecuting specific cyber crimes identified in the bill and preventing imminent loss of life or serious bodily harm. CISA goes far be-yond this, and permits law enforcement to use information it receives for investigations and prosecutions of a wide range of crimes involving any level of physical force, includ-ing those that involve no threat of death or significant bodily harm, as well as for ter-rorism investigations, which have served as the basis for overbroad collection programs, and any alleged violations of various provi-sions of the Espionage Act. The lack of use limitations creates yet another loophole for law enforcement to conduct backdoor searches on Americans—including searches of digital communications that would other-wise require law enforcement to obtain a warrant based on probable cause. This under-mines Fourth Amendment protections and constitutional principles. 
Cybersecurity legislation should be de-
signed to increase digital hygiene and iden-tify and remediate advanced threats, not cre-ate surveillance authorities that would com-promise essential privacy rights, and under-mine security. Accordingly, we urge that the Committee not approve this bill without ad-dressing these concerns. 
Thank you for your consideration, Civil Society Organizations—Access; 
American-Arab Anti-Discrimination Com-mittee; American Library Association; Advo-cacy for Principled Action in Government; American Civil Liberties Union; Association of Research Libraries; Bill of Rights Defense Committee; Brennan Center for Justice; Cen-ter for Democracy & Technology; Center for National Security Studies; Competitive En-terprise Institute; Constitutional Alliance; The Constitution Project; Council on Amer-ican Islamic Relations; Cyber Policy Project; Defending Dissent Foundation; Demand Progress; Electronic Frontier Foundation Free Press Action Fund FreedomWorks; Lib-erty Coalition; National Association of Criminal Defense; Lawyers; New America’s Open Technology Institute; Project on Gov-ernment Oversight; R Street Institute; Sun-light Foundation. 
Security Experts and Academics—Ben 
Adida, Cryptographer; Jacob Appelbaum, The Tor Project; Alvaro Bedoya, Center on Privacy and Technology at Georgetown Law; Brian Behlendorf; David J Farber, University of Pennsylvania; J. Alex Halderman, Univer-sity of Michigan; Joan Feigenbaum, Yale University; Bryan Ford, Yale University; Matthew D. Green, Johns Hopkins Univer-sity; Daniel Kahn Gillmor, Technologist; Susan Landau, Worcester Polytechnic Insti-tute; Sascha Meinrath, X-Lab; Peter G, Neu-mann, SRI International; Ronald L. Rivest, Massachusetts Institute of Technology; Phil-lip Rogaway, University of California, Davis; Bruce Schneier, Cryptographer and Security Specialist; Christopher Soghoian, Tech-nologist; Gene Spafford, Purdue University; Micah Sherr, Georgetown University; Adam Shostack; Dan S. Wallach, Rice University; 
Nicholas Weaver, University of California at Berkeley. Mr. WYDEN. This is a particularly 
important letter. We have some of the most distinguished independent experts from across the country—whether Amazon or Sysco, Stanford University, Dartmouth, some of the leading ex-perts in the private sector and aca-demia—expressing real concerns about this legislation and its House com-panion. 
From their letter: 
We appreciate your interest in making our 
networks more secure, but the legislation proposed does not materially further that goal, and at the same time it puts our users’ privacy at risk. These bills weaken privacy law without promoting security. We urge you to reject them. 
The reason I want our colleagues to 
be aware that these distinguished sci-entists in Silicon Valley, and literally every corner of the country, are so con-cerned is that the American people want both security and liberty—and they understand the two are not mutu-ally exclusive. What this distinguished group of experts has just said is this ‘‘weaken[s] privacy law without pro-moting security.’’ I hope the Senate will review what these experts are say-ing. 
Along the same lines, I note that the 
Christian Science Monitor recently polled a group of more than 78 high- profile security and privacy experts from across government, think tanks, and the private sector. With these ex-perts, they asked if legislation along the lines of this bill—this bill which has been attached to the Defense au-thorization. These experts were asked if this legislation would significantly reduce security breaches, and 87 per-cent said it would not. Many of them noted—a concern I have noted in oppos-ing the legislation—that incentivizing private companies to share information about security threats is a very worth-while proposition, a worthwhile thing 
to do. But they go on to say that bills like this are going to have limited value in that area and would have sig-nificant negative consequences. 
Now, many of my colleagues may 
have some disagreement with some of the dozens and dozens of independent experts I have just mentioned. Some of them may agree with the 13 percent of those experts who said this bill will do a lot to reduce security breaches. That is their right, and that is what a good Senate debate would be all about. But what the Senate should not do is pre-tend that this legislation is uncontroversial and try to rush it through without substantial revisions and the chance for Senators on both sides of the aisle to be heard. 
Now, I think we all understand why 
some in the Senate would feel we have to move immediately on this issue and in effect be tempted to rush to action here. We have all understood there have been a number of recent high-pro-file hacks that have drawn attention to the need to improve our Nation’s cyber security—and I don’t disagree with the importance of that at all. 
For example, a major company in Or-
egon was hacked by the Chinese simply because they were trying to enforce 
their rights under trade law. 
So this is not some abstract issue for 
the people I represent. We have seen it in my home State. 
So these high-profile hacks, like the 
one we saw here recently, is obviously drawing attention to the need to im-prove cyber security. The recent com-promise of a very large amount of Of-fice of Personnel Management data is obviously the latest of these, but it is certainly not going to be the last. 
Every single time I read about these 
kind of hacks, what I do is—and I have a very talented staff from the Intel-ligence Committee and my own office to assist me—I try to reach out and talk to experts in the field about ways to improve cyber security. But that doesn’t mean every single piece of leg-islation with the word ‘‘cyber secu-rity’’ in it is automatically a good idea that ought to be blessed without revi-sion in the Senate. 
The fact is, this particular cyber se-
curity bill is largely focused on trying to make it more difficult for individ-uals to be able to take on corporations. I understand why the U.S. Chamber of Commerce likes it so much. They have always been concerned about the rights of the large corporations. Sometimes the inevitable is, well, we are con-cerned about the large corporations, let’s make it harder for individuals to be able to get a fair shake in the mar-ketplace. But in my judgment, the ac-tual cyber security value of this bill would be very limited, and the con-sequences for those individuals who are trying to get a fair shake would be quite serious. 
I am going to turn in a moment to 
the substance of the CISA bill to ex-plain why I consider it so problematic and why it needs a major revision. But first I am going to take just a few min-utes to discuss proposals that I believe would actually make a difference in terms of improving American cyber se-curity. 
First, the most effective way to im-
prove cyber security is to ensure that network owners take responsibility for the security of their networks and ef-fectively implement good security practices. This proposal was the cen-terpiece of a 2012 bill called the Lieber-man-Collins cyber security bill, and in my view that legislation was just a few changes away from being good cyber security law. Unfortunately, the notion of having the government create even voluntary standards for private compa-nies was strongly opposed by the U.S. Chamber of Commerce and the Con-gress has not revisited it since. 
Beyond ensuring that network own-
ers take responsibility and implement good security practices, it is also im-portant to ensure that government agencies do not deliberately weaken se-curity standards. 
I know the Presiding Officer in the 
Senate has a great interest, as I do, in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:28 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JN6.018 S10JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4009 June 10, 2015 
innovation and American competitive-
ness. It is pretty hard—when we say the words: The American Government is actually thinking, as the FBI Direc-tor has talked about, about requiring companies to build weaknesses into their products—it is pretty hard to get your arms around this theory, not the least of which is the reason that once the good guys have the keys, the bad guys will also have the keys, which will facilitate cyber hacking. 
I have been skeptical of these state-
ments from senior FBI officials sug-gesting that U.S. hardware and soft-ware companies should be required, as I would characterize it, to weaken the security of their products because encryption and other advanced secu-rity measures are a key part, a key compound of actually improving cyber security. 
I was pleased to see that in the other 
body, just last week, a new amendment from Representatives M
ASSIE and L OF-
GREN to prevent the government from 
deliberately weakening encryption standards was voted on, and I am very hopeful the Senate will eventually fol-low suit. In fact, I offered that concept in the Intelligence Committee, and re-grettably it did not pass. 
With regard to government-held 
data, it is absolutely imperative that Federal agencies receive the funding and expertise they need to develop and implement strong network security programs and to ensure that they have the technical and administrative con-trols in place to combat a wide range of cyber security threats. 
I also believe our government needs 
to be in a stronger position to recruit and retain a capable Federal cyber se-curity workforce by ensuring that cyber security professionals can find opportunities in government that are as rewarding as those in the private sector. In order to ensure that there are enough professionals to fill posi-tions in both the private sector and the government, it is obvious that there is going to need to be an investment in the education of the next generation of cyber security leaders. 
As we talk about responsible ap-
proaches to deal with these cyber issues, I would like to note that I con-sider the Consumer Privacy Protection Act—a piece of legislation initiated by Senator L
EAHY —to be another step in 
the right direction. This legislation creates a comprehensive approach to data security by requiring companies to build a cyber security program that can defend against cyber attacks and prevent data breaches. It also protects a wide range of personal information, not just name or financial account in-formation but also online user names and passwords, information about a person’s geolocation, and access to pri-vate digital photographs and videos. 
Unlike CISA, this legislation would, 
in my view, provide real tools to ad-dress the kinds of recent cyber attacks we have seen in the news, such as the celebrity photo hack. Unlike CISA, it would also empower individuals by re-
quiring companies to notify consumers if their information has been lost and would protect the rights offered under some State laws for consumers to sue in the event of a privacy incident. The Consumer Privacy Protection Act is the right kind of responsible, thought-ful approach to cyber security, which is legislation that will help us get an added measure of security and public protection, while at the same time pro-tecting the individual liberties and the privacy of our people. 
Finally, in my judgment, our country 
needs to be willing to impose con-sequences on foreign entities that at-tempt to hack into American networks and steal large quantities of valuable data. These hacks are undermining our national security, our economic com-petitiveness, and the personal privacy of huge numbers of Americans. These consequences should draw on the full range of American power, depending on the nature of the hack and the entity responsible. 
It would be a failure of American 
imagination to say that the only way to respond to foreign hacking is to have our military and intelligence agencies ‘‘hack back,’’ as the concept has been known, at the parties respon-sible. We are the most powerful coun-try in the world, and our government has a wide variety of tools at its dis-posal, including economic sanctions, law enforcement, and multilateral di-plomacy. And building a multifaceted strategy to deter foreign hacking is going to require all of those kinds of tools I have mentioned by way of ar-ticulating responsible steps to deal with cyber security, steps that protect both our security and liberty. All of those tools are ones we will have to draw on. 
Having laid out ways that the Senate 
on a bipartisan basis can improve cyber security, I want to turn to the proposal in detail that is now in front of the Senate. As I have said, I believe it makes sense to encourage private com-panies to share information about cyber security threats. Cyber is a prob-lem. Sharing information can be use-ful, but it is also vital that information sharing not be bereft of privacy protec-tions for law-abiding Americans. 
Cyber security is a problem. Informa-
tion sharing is a plus. But let’s make no mistake about it—an information- sharing bill that lacks privacy protec-tions really is not a cyber security bill; it is a surveillance bill. That is what has been one of my major concerns about this legislation, that the legisla-tion in front of the Senate—we talked about the flaws in the process, but sub-stantively, if you have an information- sharing bill that lacks adequate pri-vacy protections, it is a surveillance bill by another name. 
When the Senate Intelligence Com-
mittee voted on the CISA bill, I op-posed it. I opposed it because I believe its insufficient privacy protections will lead to large volumes of Americans’ personal information, personal infor-
mation from law-abiding Americans who have done nothing wrong—that they will be faced with the prospect that their information is shared with the government even when that infor-mation is not needed for cyber secu-rity. When I say ‘‘personal informa-tion,’’ I am talking about the contents of emails, financial information, and what amounts to any data at all that is stored electronically. 
Some of my colleagues have stressed 
that companies will have a choice about whether to participate in this in-formation-sharing part of the legisla-tion. That is true, but while corpora-tions will have a choice about whether to participate, they will be able to do so without the knowledge or consent of their customers, and they will receive broad liability protections when they do so. The CISA bill as written trumps all Federal privacy laws. 
Furthermore, once this information 
is shared with the government, govern-ment agencies will be permitted to use it for a wide variety of purposes unre-lated to cyber security. The bill creates what I consider to be a double stand-ard—really a bizarre double standard in that private information that is shared about individuals can be used for a va-riety of non-cyber security purposes, including law enforcement action against these individuals, but informa-tion about the companies supplying that information generally may not be used to police those companies. 
I will tell you, I think that will be 
pretty hard to explain at a townhall meeting in virtually any corner of America because I believe it is wrong to say that the privacy rights of cor-porations matter more than the pri-vacy rights of individual Americans. 
I expect that some colleagues will 
say that it is not their intent to au-thorize this excessively broad collec-tion. The argument will be that this is legislation to encourage companies to share information about actual cyber security threats, such as lines of mali-cious code and signatures of hostile cyber actors. Again, I would say to col-leagues that I am all for encouraging companies to share information about genuine security threats, but if you read the language that is now before the Senate in the cyber security bill, the language of that bill is much broader than just sharing information about genuine security threats. 
If Senators want to pass a bill that is 
focused on real cyber security threats and includes real protection for Ameri-cans’ privacy, then the Senate should add language specifying that compa-nies should only provide the govern-ment with individuals’ personal infor-mation if it is necessary to describe a cyber security threat. That does not seem to me to be an unreasonable pro-tection for the privacy of Americans, that the Senate would adopt language specifying that the companies provide the government with individuals’ per-sonal information if it is necessary to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:28 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10JN6.041 S10JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4010 June 10, 2015 
describe a cyber threat. That is pretty 
obvious. 
We can explain that, I would say to 
the distinguished President of the Sen-ate, at a townhall meeting, that if it is related to a cyber security threat, then the companies would provide individ-uals’ personal information. But this would discourage companies from un-necessarily sharing large amounts of their customers’ private information with the government. 
Unfortunately, the cyber security 
bill in front of the Senate now takes the opposite approach. It only requires companies to withhold information that is known at the time of sharing to be personal information unrelated to cyber security. This approach will clearly discourage companies from closely reviewing the information that they share and will lead to a much greater amount of Americans’ personal information being transferred need-lessly to government agencies. 
I hope that here in the Senate there 
will be an opportunity to carefully con-sider the potential consequences of this legislation before voting to rush it through by an expedited process. 
I have said here several times that 
cyber security is a real problem, and policymakers are going to have to deal with it. In fact, I will go so far as to say that the issue of cyber security is going to be an ongoing and enduring challenge of the digital age. It is my view that every Senator who serves in this body today can expect to deal with cyber security questions for the rest of their career in public service. Voting to rush a bill through, however, is not going to make these problems somehow go away, and it will have real con-sequences for our constituents for years to come, and in particular, it will not make us safer and will jeopardize the rights of individual Americans. 
Before I wrap up, I believe it is im-
portant and I have an obligation to draw my colleagues’ attention to one final issue. As of this afternoon, there is a secret Justice Department legal opinion that is of clear relevance to this debate that continues to be with-held from the public. This opinion re-mains classified. The Senate rules pro-hibit me from describing it in detail. But I can say that it interprets com-mon commercial service agreements and that in my judgment is incon-sistent with the public’s understanding of the law. 
So this gets back to a question I have 
talked about on the floor often, which is secret law, when the public reads one thing and there is a secret interpreta-tion that goes in another direction and it contributes to the public’s cynicism about Washington. 
As always, I certainly see it as my 
job to say that colleagues can decide whether to take my counsel, but I be-lieve any Senator who votes for this legislation, without reading this secret Justice Department legal opinion I have referred to, is voting without a full understanding of the relevant legal landscape. If Senators do not under-
stand how these common commercial service agreements have been inter-preted by the executive branch, then it will be harder for the Senate to have a fully informed debate on the cyber se-curity legislation, whether it is consid-ered now or later. 
I would also like to note for the 
record that I have repeatedly asked the Justice Department to withdraw this opinion and to make it public so any-one who is party to one of these com-mercial service agreements can decide whether their agreement ought to be revised. The Justice Department has chosen not to take my advice on either of my suggestions. 
In public testimony before the Sen-
ate Intelligence Committee, the deputy head of the Justice Department’s Office of Legal Counsel told me she person-ally would not rely on this opinion today, and I appreciate her view on that matter. Yet, until the opinion is withdrawn, I believe Senators should be concerned about other government officials choosing to rely on it at any time. In my judgment, that is a very clear instance of the government devel-oping what is essentially secret law— law that is at variance with what you read if you are in a coffee shop in Ar-kansas or Utah or anywhere else. 
The reality is, as I have said often on 
the floor, operations always have to be secret, as do the sources and methods. Chairman H
ATCH remembers this from 
his service on the Intelligence Com-mittee. Operations always have to be secret, but the law ought to be public because that is how the American peo-ple have confidence in how we make decisions in our Republic. 
I will close by saying it is quite obvi-
ous at this point that I have significant reservations about the cyber security bill. I believe a number of Senators are going to share these concerns. I will let them speak for themselves, although I believe Senator L
EAHY ’s strong state-
ment yesterday was certainly on point. Yet I will also say, even to my col-leagues who are inclined to vote for this bill, that I hope all Senators will think about whether this is an appro-priate process for this sort of legisla-tion. 
I have already said I believe Senators 
are going to be dealing with cyber se-curity questions for the rest of their time in public service, because in the digital age, I think we are going to see a constant evolution in this field with respect to these threats and both the technical and political concerns that are raised by them. 
Should the Senate be rushing a bill 
like this through by tacking it onto an unrelated defense measure? Is this the best way to show the American people, once again, that security and liberty are not mutually exclusive and that it is possible to do both? 
If Senators share the concerns I have 
raised, I hope they will oppose the cyber security amendment if it is brought up for a vote on the Defense bill. I hope Senators will support this 
issue, which has been brought to the floor under a different process—a proc-
ess that involves regular order, so every Senator on both sides of the aisle will have an opportunity to make the revisions I believe it needs and to offer their own ideas. 
With that, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
B
OOZMAN ). The Senator from Utah. 
TRADE PROMOTION AUTHORITY  
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, as the 
House of Representatives moves closer to a vote on the Senate-passed legisla-tion to renew trade promotion author-ity, I wish to take a few minutes to talk about the links between our Na-tion’s trade policy, foreign policy, and national security. Whether it is Rus-sia’s aggression toward the Ukraine, civil wars in the Middle East or ongo-ing efforts to prevent nuclear prolifera-tion, the world faces a number of chal-lenges that are impacting the future geopolitical landscape. 
In all of this, the question we have to 
consider is: Going forward, what role will the United States play? Are we going to lead or are we going to follow? 
Make no mistake, the path we take 
on international trade will say a lot about how we plan to answer those questions. 
Consider a few facts. In the next few 
years, China will likely pass the United States as the world’s largest economy. It is already the world’s largest export-ing country. China is continually seek-ing to expand its influence in order to dictate the terms of international trade, particularly in places like Sub- Saharan Africa, Central Asia, and Latin America. 
In other words, when we are talking 
about trade and the possibility of the United States retreating from the international marketplace, China is the proverbial 800-pound gorilla in the room. Indeed, any ground we cede in leading the world on trade is, more likely than not, ground ceded to China. 
I have heard many people—including 
Members of Congress—express their concerns about China, both strategi-cally and economically, and rightfully so. After all, when it comes to trade, China has constantly shown a dis-regard for international norms and standards. However, oddly enough, many of those same people who talk the most about the threat posed by China have expressed opposition to TPA, the trade promotion authority bill, and to the Trans-Pacific Partner-ship or TPP. This is puzzling and re-flects a fundamental misunderstanding of the Senate TPA bill and free trade in general. 
If we are serious about keeping China 
and its growing economic and political influence in check, getting a strong TPP agreement that advances U.S. in-terests should be a top priority. In ad-dition, if we want to eventually con-vince China to change their harmful practices, a high-standard TPP agree-ment would naturally be a big step in the right direction. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:31 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10JN6.043 S10JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4011 June 10, 2015 
Free-trade agreements like TPP, if 
done correctly, should provide new rules for trade in the 21st century. They should set modern standards for economic liberalization and integra-tion, including the protection of for-eign investments and intellectual prop-erty rights and the marginalization of state-owned enterprises. 
We need to be setting the standards 
and writing the rules on trade so our 
workers, innovators, researchers, and job creators can fairly compete in the global market. If we don’t lead, if we sit on the sidelines, Americans will be competing on an imbalanced playing field, with rules designed specifically to disadvantage us. Given that TPP countries comprise 40 percent of the world economy, it is vital we improve our ability to compete in that region. 
Moreover, if TPP fails, we will lose 
influence in one of the most economi-cally dynamic and strategic regions of the world, and any leadership vacuum left by the United States will almost certainly be filled by someone else and, in this case, most likely China. 
But don’t just take my word for it. 
Congress recently received a letter from 17 former Secretaries of Defense and retired military leaders, including Colin Powell, Leon Panetta, William Perry, and Donald Rumsfeld. 
In that letter, these leaders said: 
We write to express our strongest possible 
support for enactment of Trade Promotion Authority legislation, which is critical to the successful conclusion of two vital agree-ments: the Trans Pacific Partnership (TPP) and the Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership (TTIP). Indeed, TPP in par-ticular will shape an economic dynamic over the next several decades that will link the United States with one of the world’s most vibrant and dynamic regions. If, however, we fail to move forward with TPP, Asian econo-mies will almost certainly develop along a China-centric model. In fact, China is al-ready pursuing an alternative regional free trade initiative. TPP, combined with TTIP, would allow the United States and our clos-est allies to help shape the rules and stand-ards for global trade. 
The concerns outlined in this letter 
went beyond China. 
The letter continues: 
The stakes are clear. There are tremendous 
strategic benefits to TPP and TTIP, and there would be harmful strategic con-sequences if we fail to secure these agree-ments. In both the Asia-Pacific and the At-lantic, our allies and partners would ques-tion our commitments, doubt our resolve, and inevitably look to other partners. Amer-ica’s prestige, influence, and leadership are on the line. With TPP originating in the Bush administration, these agreements are fundamentally bipartisan in nature and 
squarely in our national security interest. It is vitally important that we seize the new strategic opportunities these agreements offer our nation. 
When 17 former Secretaries of De-
fense, admirals, and generals who served under both Republican and Democratic administrations have joined together with such a strong message, they probably have a point, and Congress had better listen closely. 
Many people, including a number of 
our colleagues in Congress, continually argue that one of the best uses of 
American power would be to better promote human rights and democracy in developing countries and increase our efforts at alleviating poverty. I don’t necessarily disagree with that sentiment. 
Indeed, while there are different 
opinions about how we can best accom-plish these goals, I think most of us in Congress, in both the Senate and the House, agree with the basic premise that we should continually be working to expand our influence and advance our values, particularly in the devel-oping world. 
History has demonstrated that the 
best way to accomplish these objec-tives is to increase U.S. trade with these countries. Indeed, if we want to export the benefits of American exceptionalism, capitalism, work ethic, and democracy, a freer, expanded ex-change of goods is absolutely the best way to do it. 
Trade is an effective exercise of 
America’s economic power and influ-ence, trade is how you spread cap-italism and encourage other countries to open their economies, trade is how you export American values in the de-veloping world, and, most importantly, trade is how you counter the growing influence of countries like China in the world economy. 
The stakes are high. The importance 
of TPP and other trade agreements to our strategic and security interests is obvious, and given that reality, the im-portance of TPA should be just as obvi-ous. 
Put simply, without TPA, there is no 
TPP. That is just a fact. Sure, tech-nically speaking, TPA is not required for the administration to complete ne-gotiations and send the agreement to Congress, but technicalities aside, that route is unlikely to yield a desirable result, both in terms of the substance and process. 
Japan and Canada, two of our largest 
trading partners in the TPP negotia-tions, have each stated they are reluc-tant to bring their final offers to the table until Congress provides the ad-ministration with TPA. Trade pro-motion authority assures our trading partners that if they reach an agree-ment, it will not be unraveled when it is sent to Congress for approval. This allows our negotiators to get the best deal possible. 
TPA also ensures that Congress has a 
meaningful role in crafting the spe-cifics of the agreement by setting ob-jectives, mandating transparency, and 
requiring periodic updates. Under the Senate-passed bill, Congress will have more authority than ever to review and respond to the administration on indi-vidual trade agreements. 
Long story short, TPA is absolutely 
necessary for advancing U.S. interests abroad and protecting the opportuni-ties for millions of Americans to earn and compete for a livelihood in an in-creasingly global trade environment. 
With the House TPA vote set to take 
place in a matter of days, I hope our colleagues in the other Chamber will 
recognize the strategic and economic realities we face as a country and be willing to advance our Nation’s inter-ests and security. I am confident that most of them will make the right choice, and it will be good for America as well as them. 
CHILD SUPPORT ENFORCEMENT  
Mr. President, I wish to take a few 
minutes to speak about another matter of great importance not just to me but 
to everybody. 
Last year, after the midterm elec-
tions, the Obama administration quiet-ly and without much fanfare proposed a massive, far-reaching rule that would overturn a number of bedrock prin-ciples of child support enforcement and welfare reform, chief among them being the principle that parents should be financially responsible for their children. 
This was just the latest attempt on 
the part of the Obama administration to bypass Congress and work to enact policies through executive fiat. Sadly, it wasn’t even the first time this ad-ministration tried to gut welfare re-form. Indeed, we all remember a few years back when the administration granted itself the unprecedented au-thority to waive critical welfare work requirements. 
Put simply, this latest rule would 
make it easier for noncustodial parents to evade paying child support. It would undermine a key feature of welfare re-form, which is that single mothers can avoid welfare if fathers comply with child support orders. 
I am fundamentally opposed to poli-
cies that allow parents to abdicate their responsibilities, which, in return, results in more families having to go on welfare. I think most Americans would agree with me. That is why I, joined by Senator C
ORNYN and House 
Ways and Means Committee Chairman P
AUL RYAN, have introduced legisla-
tion that would prevent the Obama ad-ministration from bypassing Congress in yet another attempt to subvert key features of welfare reform. I regret that we must take this action. 
In the past, Members of Congress 
have generally been able to find com-mon ground and work on a bipartisan basis to address issues relating to child support. In fact, Congress recently passed, and the President recently signed legislation, that made improve-ments to child support enforcement policies. 
In 2013, the Senate Finance Com-
mittee reported a series of ambitious proposals related to child support en-forcement. At that time, we requested input on these proposals from the Obama administration. At no time did administration officials indicate that the Department of Health and Human Services was quietly working to ad-vance a massive overhaul of child sup-port enforcement, much less that it was planning on doing so without the help or input of Congress. 
It is important to note that this se-
cretive preparation only came to light 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:28 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10JN6.044 S10JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4012 June 10, 2015 
after the recent elections. That sug-
gests to me that the administration does not have faith that its proposal can withstand public scrutiny and that they have no interest in making a full and transparent justification for the policies they are trying to ram through. 
Truth be told, Chairman R
YANand I 
have introduced our legislation more out of sorrow than anger. For many months, our offices attempted to work out an equitable arrangement with the Obama administration. We tried to convince HHS to withdraw the prob-lematic features of the rule, and in ex-change we would agree to engage in a substantive, productive discussion on how to move forward with improve-ments to child support enforcement. 
I firmly believe there is room for 
common ground. In fact, there are a number of features of the administra-tion’s proposed rule that could gen-erate bipartisan support. But any workable solution would have to in-clude the full participation and ulti-mate consent of the legislative branch. Any changes to the law would have to go through Congress and not simply be dictated by the administration. 
So Chairman R
YAN and I will do all 
we can to get our bill through Congress and present it to the President. If we are successful, I hope he will sign it and commit to working with us in the future to advance reforms to child sup-port enforcement. I stand ready to work with the administration and any of my colleagues on both sides of the aisle and both sides of the Capitol to achieve this goal. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Ms. AYOTTE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1986 
(Purpose: To reauthorize and reform the 
Export-Import Bank of the United States) 
Ms. AYOTTE. Mr. President, on be-
half of Senator K IRK, I send an amend-
ment to the desk to the text proposed to be stricken by amendment No. 1463. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from New Hampshire [Ms. 
AYOTTE ], for Mr. K IRK, proposes an amend-
ment numbered 1986 to the language pro-posed to be stricken by amendment No. 1463. 
Ms. AYOTTE. I ask unanimous con-
sent that the reading of the amend-ment be dispensed with. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
(The amendment is printed in today’s 
R
ECORD under ‘‘Text of Amendments.’’) 
Ms. AYOTTE. Thank you, Mr. Presi-
dent. 
I rise today to talk about an impor-
tant amendment that was offered by Senator K IRK, which I cosponsor, and 
that is the reauthorization of the Ex-port-Import Bank. 
I can tell you that in my home State 
of New Hampshire, on Monday, I was at a roundtable at GE Aviation. GE Avia-tion has over 700 jobs in the State of New Hampshire. They are building a new facility there. The Export-Import Bank provides a company like GE Aviation the opportunity to obtain fi-nancing to export its products that are manufactured in the United States of America, in New Hampshire, to other countries overseas, increasing the op-portunity for American manufacturing jobs. 
At that company, on Monday, they 
invited a lot of their suppliers and small businesses who also have either used Ex-Im financing or are suppliers for the larger companies that use Ex- Im financing. 
One of those companies that were 
around the table that had used Ex-Im financing in New Hampshire was Boyle Energy in Concord. In fact, Mike Boyle, who is the CEO of Boyle Energy, has been able to use Ex-Im financing to grow New Hampshire jobs. He has a vi-sion for a new plant in Merrimack, NH, that he is ready to expand. If he can get this financing, he is going to be selling more of his great products over-seas, creating more jobs in New Hamp-shire. 
Yet, this Bank expires at the end of 
June. This is a very important tool for American businesses. This program— and I wish I had this problem with every program in Washington—actu-ally returns money to the Treasury, and it creates American jobs. 
The reason this type of financing is 
available is because of the risk that is often taken in exporting products and there aren’t commercial loans always available. The Ex-Im Bank has the ability to allow financing for our busi-nesses in America. In fact, other coun-tries around the world have programs such as this, and that are much more extensive. So without the Ex-Im Bank, it is not a level playing field for our American companies that want to manufacture in the United States of America. The Ex-Im Bank will allow access to financing that will enable businesses to create American jobs. 
Also around that table on Monday at 
GE Aviation was Goss International. They manufacture great printing press-es in New Hampshire. We are very proud of them. They have also been able to use Ex-Im financing. If that fi-nancing doesn’t go through, we heard from a representative of Goss that, in fact, they could lose up to 40 jobs in my home State of New Hampshire. So it is important that we reauthorize this Bank. 
I want to thank the Senator from Il-
linois for offering this amendment to reauthorize the Ex-Im Bank so that our companies here in the United States of America can manufacture here, sell to consumers around the world, and have access to this financ-ing. In fact, in New Hampshire there 
have been about 36 companies—many of them small companies—that were able over the last several years to use Ex-Im financing to create New Hamp-shire jobs. 
This is about jobs in the United 
States of America. This is about com-peting. We recently had the TPA— trade promotion authority—on the floor to expand opportunities for trade. This goes hand in hand with that legis-lation so that companies have opportu-nities to get financing to create jobs here and return money to the Treas-ury. I wish I could say that about every program—that it returns money to the Treasury. The default rate at Ex-Im Bank is lower than with commercial loans. 
I hope that Senator K
IRK’s amend-
ment will get a vote on the Senate floor, that we can get this reauthorized before the expiration date at the end of this month, and that we can continue to allow this financing for American businesses to continue to build and cre-ate products to sell overseas and to create American jobs. This is what this financing allows these businesses to do. This is very important in making sure that we remain competitive and that we have more jobs here and that we continue to sell our great products built here in the United States of America around the world. 
So I am very honored to support this 
amendment. I hope we will get a vote on this amendment on the Defense au-thorization bill or get a vote and make sure that we have this passed before the end of this month when this Bank expires so that we could have con-tinuity in this important financing mechanism for our businesses here in this country. 
In addition to the businesses I pre-
viously mentioned that were around the table on Monday, I also want to mention GKN Aerospace from Charles-ton, which is a larger business with a smaller footprint in New Hampshire that has been able to export and create jobs in New Hampshire and across the country. In addition to that, we were so glad to hear from other businesses in New Hampshire that were able to rely on this important financing mech-anism. 
I am very glad to support Senator 
K
IRK’s amendment. 
With that, I yield the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Florida is recognized. 
SPACE PROGRAM CUT  
Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, I just 
learned that the CJS subcommittee of the Appropriations Committee re-ported a bill out that made a substan-tial cut in the request for commercial crew in order for us to be able to have Americans flying on American rockets to and from the International Space Station, instead of having to rely on the Russian Soyuz, which we buy and have been buying those ever since we shut down the space shuttle at some-thing like $60 million to $70 million per 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:31 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10JN6.046 S10JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4013 June 10, 2015 
passenger going up to the space sta-
tion. 
Now, the whole idea was that since 
we cooperated with the Russians in building this space station, we would both have the means of transportation to get up there. We do have the means of transportation of getting cargo to and from the space station, since we shut down the space shuttle, but we are in the process of a competition between 
several companies—especially those that have been selected in the competi-tion by NASA, Boeing and SpaceX. Each of them has been granted money to develop all of the redundancies and safety and escape systems in their spacecraft capsule in order to make it safe for Americans to go to and from the International Space Station. 
Now, I can tell you that for the aver-
age American on the street, their image of our space program is one that since the space shuttle shut down in 2011, they think the space program is over, when, in fact, it is really just be-ginning, and we are going to Mars in the decade of the 2030s. Well, that is the whole point of our being able to rely on our own spacecraft and on our own rockets, instead of relying on the Russians. 
If this cut is sustained—and this is a 
cut from a request of $1.24 billion for this competition for making American rockets safe and creating the space-craft to take Americans to the space station—it will have been cut to $900 million. If that cut in the sub-committee is sustained in the full com-mittee and ultimately in the final ap-propriations bill, it is going to delay us from being able to launch Americans on American rockets. 
Instead of 2017—just 2 years from 
now—it will delay us another 4 years. That is 4 more years of relying on the Russians. Now, I know there are a bunch of Senators around here that do not like the fact of the aggressiveness of Vladimir Putin. Well, this is one way to wean ourselves from having to depend on them. 
The final comment on this subject is 
that the money that supposedly is being cut, which is just a little over $300 million, we would lose in still pay-ing that money to the Russians to fly an additional 2 years. We need to wake up to what is happening. Senator M
I-
KULSKI will be offering an amendment 
to the full Appropriations Committee to restore that cut. I hope Senators will understand all the nuances and support Senator M
IKULSKI . 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
G
ARDNER ). The Senator from Illinois. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1986 
Mr. KIRK. Mr. President, I seek to 
speak on my amendment on behalf of the Export-Import Bank. I would like to say the Export-Import Bank is set to expire this year on June 30. It allows thousands of American companies to advance their technology overseas. Without these loans, many American jobs would be ceded to China or Eu-rope. Now, 200,000 American workers de-
pend on Ex-Im, plus 46,000 in my home State of Illinois. They work for these companies that depend on Ex-Im’s backing to make exports happen. Some people are interested in killing this agency because it may be a govern-ment handout agency. It is not. It ac-tually makes the taxpayer $1 billion a year. In the last 3 years, it has earned the U.S. Treasury over $3 billion. 
I will be offering the Kirk-Heitkamp 
amendment to keep this Bank alive. I want to thank Senators B
LUNT , CANT-
WELL , and M ANCHIN for defending these 
American jobs. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from North Dakota. 
Mr. HOEVEN. Mr. President, I rise to 
speak about the National Defense Au-thorization Act. This is legislation we are currently considering that we need to pass. It is important for our mili-tary, and it is important for the Amer-ican people. I have offered a number of amendments, and I rise to speak about three of those amendments at this point. 
The first is amendment No. 1483, 
which involves RPA flight training. Es-sentially, amendment No. 1483 would instruct the Air Force to consider al-lowing private contractors to provide the Air Force with training for re-motely piloted aircraft or RPAs. These are the vehicles used in unmanned aer-ial systems, commonly called UAS. 
Currently, the Air Force is training 
pilots for RPAs, remotely piloted air-craft, within the service itself. But there are some very skilled private contractors. In fact, the people who make unmanned aircraft could be doing high-quality training for them as well, particularly in concert with our universities that provide aviation training. 
Right now the Air Force faces a real 
challenge in training a sufficient num-ber of unmanned aircraft pilots to meet operational demands. Specifically, this amendment directs the Air Force to evaluate the use of private contractor facilities, equipment, and trainers to increase the number of qualified pilots for our RPA missions. It requires the Air Force to detail various aspects of their shortfall in manning RPAs, the authorized number of personnel as-signed to the missions, and the identi-fication and assessment of actions to address that shortfall. 
In this rapidly growing era of un-
manned aerial systems technology, it just makes sense for the military to partner with companies and univer-sities that have the expertise to pro-vide the critical training the military needs. It is cost effective. It is effi-cient. It is good for the military and our country. Right now the demand for unmanned aerial systems is so strong worldwide that the Air Force has all of its pilots flying the missions. That does not give them the resources, the pilots to train more pilots to fly un-manned aerial systems. So this is a way that we can help the 
Air Force train these new pilots with the very contractors that make things such as Global Hawk, Predator and with our universities that provide avia-tion training. I think it would be of great benefit and assistance to the Air Force. 
The second amendment that I want 
to talk about is amendment No. 1484. This one seeks to give the Air National Guard units a larger role in the Global Hawk unmanned aerial systems mis-sion. Specifically, this measure directs the Air Force to determine the feasi-bility of partnering the Air National Guard with Active-Duty Air Force to operate and maintain the Global Hawk. The RQ–4 Global Hawks, including the Block 20, Block 30, and Block 40 variants, are the Air Force’s high-alti-tude, long-endurance aircraft for intel-ligence, surveillance, and reconnais-sance. 
They are currently operated and 
maintained only by Active-Duty forces. But the Air National Guard could be providing a valuable adjunct to the Air Force’s regular personnel if we allow them to do that. The North Dakota Air National Guard, for example, already operates and maintains the armed MQ– 1 Predator, and does it exceptionally well. They and units like them are clearly capable of taking on part of the Global Hawk mission, in association with their Active-Duty counterparts. 
This amendment would further the 
joint operations which have been a major initiative of all of the armed services, the Guard, and the Reserves in recent years, and they have done a tremendous job on jointness. It has made our military stronger, more ef-fective, and more responsive. We need to continue to build on that joint oper-ation. That is exactly what this amendment does. 
The third amendment that I would 
like to discuss is amendment No. 1485. It regards the Nuclear Force Improve-ment Program. This amendment seeks to fortify the Nuclear Force Improve-ment Program, or NFIP, which I be-lieve is crucial to our national security both now and well into the future. The reality is that we are facing an increas-ingly nuclearized future. Nations such as Iran, North Korea, and others have or are developing nuclear weapons. 
That means we must maintain a 
credible, decisive nuclear deterrent. That is what the Nuclear Force Im-provement Program is all about. In 2014, the Air Force initiated the pro-gram to bolster and enhance its nu-clear missions, including the inter-continental ballistic missile, ICBM, and nuclear-capable bomber missions. The program involves a wide range of efforts to improve morale, update fa-cilities and equipment, and reinvigo-rate the nuclear-related career fields in the Air Force. 
We need to continue to invest in and 
build this program. Specifically, my amendment provides that the nuclear mission should be a top priority for the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:31 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10JN6.048 S10JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4014 June 10, 2015 
Department of Defense and the Air 
Force; that Congress should support in-vestments which sustain progress made under the Nuclear Force Improvement Program; that the Air Force should regularly inform Congress on the pro-gram’s progress and any additional re-quirements it may identify; and that future Air Force budgets should reflect the importance of the nuclear mission and the need to support personnel per-forming the nuclear mission. 
The bottom line is that the men and 
women assigned to the nuclear mission in the U.S. Air Force are doing incred-ibly important work every day for the security of our country. We need to do all we can to support them. We need to provide them with the support they de-serve so they can continue to do the job we ask them to do and do it at the level that our security requires. 
The Nuclear Force Improvement Pro-
gram is a success, and the Air Force needs to extend it into the future and continue to shore up the foundations of our nuclear deterrent, which is, itself, at the foundation of national security. 
In conclusion, let me say that work-
ing on legislation as essential as the defense of our Nation is and should be a bipartisan effort. The Senate Armed Services Committee passed this bill out of committee with a bipartisan vote of 22 to 4. Let’s come together and do this for the American people and the men, women, and families who have undertaken the great and noble effort to protect our country. 
I want to thank both the chairman of 
the Armed Services Committee and the ranking member for their hard work, for their bipartisanship, and, again, offer my support as we work to pass this vitally important legislation for our military and for this great coun-try. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The bill clerk proceeded to call the 
roll. 
Mr. DONNELLY. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. DONNELLY. Mr. President, I 
wish to tell you a little bit about Gregg Keesling, a dad and small business owner from Indianapolis. I have gotten to know Gregg over the past few years because Gregg and his wife Jannett lost their son Chancellor to suicide while Chancellor was serving in Iraq in 2009, joining a club he often says he doesn’t want anyone else to join. 
On the poster, this is Gregg and this 
is Chancellor. This is Chancellor again, on duty. This is the memorial they had for Chancellor. 
Gregg recently said that he sees the 
invisible wounds borne by our men and women in uniform as ‘‘one of the great-est challenges that our country faces.’’ And he noted that ‘‘we’re going to face this challenge for many years to come.’’ Gregg is right. We have lost 
more troops to suicide than in combat each of the past 3 years. We lost more than 400 Active-Duty, Guard, and Re-serve servicemembers last year alone. It is also estimated that we lose 22 vet-erans to suicide every single day. These are preventable deaths. 
We must do more to get these men 
and women the mental health care they have earned. We need to remind our troops and veterans, along with our friends and family, that it is OK to share the burden of their personal struggles. It is a sign of strength to seek help. Our servicemembers, vet-erans, and their families sacrifice for us, so we must do everything possible to support them. 
Last year we passed and the Presi-
dent signed into law the Jacob Sexton Military Suicide Prevention Act, which for the first time requires an annual, in-person mental health assessment for all servicemembers, whether they are Active, Guard, or Reserve. Just like physical health, mental health is an es-sential piece of military readiness. We need to have an attitude of all-in to-ward providing support for mental health challenges and also for the day- to-day struggles we know contribute to suicide risk, such as financial prob-lems, relationship issues—things that are never made easier by military life. 
The Sexton act was named for a 
member of the Indiana National Guard who took his own life while home on leave from Afghanistan in 2009. Jeff and Barb Sexton, Jacob’s parents, have been incredible partners in this work. Jeff recently spoke about the decision he and his wife made to speak out about military suicide. 
This is SPC Jake Sexton. Here he is 
in his Humvee, and here he is serving as well. His parents, Jeff and Barb—ac-tually, it was Jeff in particular, his dad, who said: 
I had three choices: I could crawl in a cor-
ner, I could crawl in a bottle or I could stand up and fight. It’s not been an easy job, but it’s something I feel me and my wife have to do. 
The Keeslings and the Sextons are 
courageously telling their stories to help prevent any more families from going through this nightmare. Con-gress needs to continue to answer their call. This is an issue we cannot let up on because there is so much more im-portant work to do. 
This year, we are taking the next 
step in the continuum of care and fo-cusing on improving the quality of and access to mental health care through Department of Defense providers, VA providers, and private community pro-viders. 
This year, we introduced the service-
member and veteran mental health care package—three bills. Each im-proves access to quality mental health care for servicemembers and veterans. The care package aims to improve mental health care by focusing on di-rect care providers at DOD and VA, community providers in their own towns, and the training of physician 
assistants as mental health providers. 
I thank Chairman M
CCAINand Sen-
ator R EEDfor working with me to in-
clude elements of the care package in the national defense bill, specifically those elements which deal with DOD and care for servicemembers. 
I wish to go through the care pack-
age provisions in the NDAA briefly and offer two amendments to ensure that these provisions support not only serv-icemembers but also veterans. 
First, section 716 is based on the first 
of our care package bills, the Commu-nity Provider Readiness Recognition Act. It is cosponsored by my friend, Senator J
ONIERNST , and it creates a 
special military-friendly designation for providers who choose to receive training in military culture and the unique needs of servicemembers and military families. Providers who re-ceive this designation would be listed in a regularly updated online registry, allowing servicemembers to search for designated providers in their area. 
This bill is inspired by the Star Be-
havioral Health Provider Network, which is a program that the Military Family Research Institute at Purdue University built in Indiana to train providers to better understand military culture and medical treatments. Desig-nating a provider as part of the Star Behavioral Health Provider Network helps servicemembers and their fami-lies make informed choices about where to seek care. This can easily be translated on a national scale so that servicemembers, veterans, and their families know which private mental health care providers are well-suited and trained to treat them. 
Mr. President, second, section 713 of 
the NDAA is drawn from another care package bill, the Military and Veterans Mental Health Provider Assessment Act, cosponsored by my friend Senator R
OGER WICKER of Mississippi. 
This legislation requires that all of 
DOD primary care and mental health providers have received evidence-based training on suicide risk recognition and management and that their train-ing be updated to keep pace with changes in mental health care best practices. 
It also requires DOD to report to 
Congress on the military’s current mental health workforce, the long- term mental health needs of service-members and military families, and how we ensure DOD meets those needs. 
Finally, it requires the Department 
of Defense to bring us a plan to assess mental health outcomes in DOD care, variations in outcomes across different DOD health care facilities, and barriers to DOD mental health providers imple-menting the best clinical practice guidelines and other evidence-based treatments. 
Finally, by including elements from 
the Frontline Mental Health Provider Training Act, cosponsored by my friend Senator J
OHNBOOZMAN from Arkansas, 
the NDAA calls on the Department of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:31 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10JN6.050 S10JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4015 June 10, 2015 
Defense to train physician assistants 
to specialize in psychiatric care in order to help meet the increasing de-mand for mental health services among servicemembers and their families. We are also working to extend the same spectrum of care to our veterans, and we are working toward a hearing on the corresponding veterans bills for this mental health care package in the months ahead. These are smart, bipar-tisan provisions that address one of the most serious challenges facing our military, our veterans and our country. 
We must improve the mental health 
care at the Department of Defense and the Veterans’ Administration and at private community providers from Ellsworth, ME, to Evansville, IN, to the shores of California so they are bet-ter able to serve our servicemembers, veterans, and their families. It is abso-lutely essential that we have coordina-tion and continuity for servicemembers and their families as they transition to veteran status. 
I will leave you with a couple of brief 
thoughts from two brave Hoosiers I have the privilege to know and have gotten to know well. Jeff Sexton, Ja-cob’s dad, put it this way: ‘‘It is one thing to lose someone you love in the war. It is a whole other thing to lose them to the war.’’ And Gregg Keesling, Chancellor’s dad, concluded this: ‘‘The bottom line is I don’t want anybody to go through what we’ve gone through.’’ 
We must act and we must act now be-
fore any more families have to experi-ence this loss from suicide. I urge all of my colleagues to support the care package provisions for servicemembers and to later extend them to our vet-erans who need our help and who need us to stand up for them. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. MURPHY. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. MURPHY. Mr. President, I am 
coming to the floor to speak on behalf of an amendment I am offering, along with Senators S
CHATZ , U DALL , 
BLUMENTHAL , H EINRICH , T ESTER , 
MERKLEY , and B ALDWIN . 
Today, it was announced that Presi-
dent Obama is going to be sending an-other 450 troops to Iraq to help assist in the fight against ISIL. That will mean we now have 3,500 troops in posi-tion throughout Iraq assisting in the battle against ISIL within those bor-ders. This marks also nearly a year since we have reengaged in military ac-tivities in Iraq and in Syria, both with support forces for the Iraqis, with training for those who are fighting in Syria, and major air operations tar-geting ISIL. 
I think there is broad bipartisan con-
sensus here that the United States needs to take the fight to this enemy— 
an enemy that is seeking to occupy an enormous amount of territory in a very dangerous region from which it can plot attacks against the United States. But I also think there is bipartisan agreement that we should do our con-stitutional duty; that we should au-thorize this war against ISIL. My hope is the Foreign Relations Committee— of which I am a member, of which the Presiding Officer is a member—will have that debate in the upcoming months. 
But given that we are authorizing 
hundreds of millions of dollars in this bill in order to take the fight to ISIL, I think it makes sense to have some commonsense limitations on the use of that money that are in keeping with the very public promises the President has made. 
President Obama has stated very 
clearly that he does not think it is a wise strategy to reinsert major combat troop operations into the Middle East. I agree with him. I think many of us agree with him. There is nothing about the last 10 years of American occupa-tion in Iraq that tells us that U.S. troops inside Iraq can have the effect of killing more terrorists than are cre-ated, in part, through the recruitment benefit of major U.S. combat oper-ations. 
So the amendment we are offering 
today is a fairly simple one. It would prohibit the use of major combat—of large numbers of combat troops in the fight against ISIL, with certain com-monsense exceptions: an exception for rescue operations, an exception for in-telligence-gathering exercises, and an exception for special operations in and throughout the region; special oper-ations like the one we used to kill a high-ranking ISIS commander just within the last several weeks. 
We think it is important that Con-
gress weigh in and state what we be-lieve to be the desire and imperative of our constituents; that we learn from the mistakes of the Iraq war; that we don’t repeat them by inserting thou-sands of American ground troops back into Iraq or perhaps Syria. 
ISIS was created, first and foremost, 
primarily by a political vacuum inside Iraq, not a military vacuum. We need to acknowledge that any strategy to ultimately defeat ISIL, as we are all committed to, has to first and foremost have a realistic political strategy on the ground to divorce Sunni popu-lations from this death cult that is ISIL. 
Sunni grievances grew throughout 
Nouri al-Maliki’s reign. They were de-nied an equitable share of oil revenues. They were excluded from government jobs. There were real atrocities com-mitted against Sunni communities— mass incarcerations, torture, extrajudicial killings. If we don’t have an Iraq Government that is committed to being inclusive of Sunni popu-lations, there is no amount of Amer-ican troops on the ground that can heal those divisions. In fact, what we know 
about the Iraq war is that major Amer-ican combat operations on the ground in Iraq have an effect of exacerbating those divisions rather than healing them. They give space for people like Maliki to try to marginalize these pop-ulations. They increase suffering on the ground, especially for these popu-lations that aren’t represented effec-tively within the reigning Shiite gov-ernment in Baghdad. 
So if we really want to learn lessons 
from the past, then let’s take President Obama at his word. Let’s include in the NDAA a commonsense limitation, with exceptions, with respect to the deploy-ment of major ground operations inside Iraq. 
Now, there are some people who will 
say this isn’t the role of Congress. I would just state for the record that there are a litany of examples in the past in which Congress has placed com-monsense limitations on our authoriza-tions for military force. In fact, the President, in submitting a proposed AUMF to the Foreign Relations Com-mittee several months ago, in fact, in-cluded in that authorization of mili-tary force a limitation on ground forces. So this would be entirely con-sistent with the history of this body but also with the proposal the Presi-dent has made. 
I know, from having visited our 
troops in Iraq and in Afghanistan, that it is easy for us to believe there is no mission that U.S. soldiers can’t take on; that their capability, that their bravery, that their courage, that their adaptability knows no bounds. They have done admirable work inside Iraq over the course of the last 10 years, but what we know is that those troops in-side Iraq also made Iraq what our own intelligence community called the cause celebre for the international ter-rorist movement, drawing in thousands of would-be terrorists to fight the Americans. 
What we know is that the ISIS we are 
fighting today is a follow-on organiza-tion from Al Qaeda in Iraq, which was created because of the American inva-sion and occupation—maybe not in whole but certainly as the primary in-fluence. 
So we hope to be able to have a full 
debate on an authorization of military force. But with the inability to move that piece of legislation through the Foreign Relations Committee, we think it is proper on the NDAA to hold the President at his word, place a com-monsense limitation on the use of ground troops and learn from the mis-takes of the last 10 years inside Iraq. 
I yield the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Illinois. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1986 
Mr. KIRK. Mr. President, I urge this 
Chamber to reject the motion to table my amendment, which put forward re-forms to the Export-Import Bank. I would say to Members that this is going to be a key scored vote by the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:31 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10JN6.052 S10JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4016 June 10, 2015 
U.S. Chamber of Commerce and the Na-
tional Association of Manufacturers; that, without my amendment, we would not have the reforms to make sure Ex-Im works at least 25 percent of its portfolio with small businesses. 
I urge Members to vote no on the mo-
tion to table my amendment by Mr. S
HELBY that I understand is coming up. 
This is a key test vote, Export-Import Bank. With a good bipartisan vote, I would think we would have people sup-porting the Kirk-Heitkamp-Blunt-Gra-ham reform legislation for Ex-Im. 
I yield the floor. Mr. SHELBY. I suggest the absence 
of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. GRAHAM. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. GRAHAM. Mr. President, very 
briefly. Senators A
YOTTE and K IRK’s 
amendment is coming up. There will be a motion to table. What we are trying to do is basically show support for the Ex-Im Bank, which is due to expire in June. We are trying to find a vehicle, a must-pass piece of legislation, to keep the Bank afloat. I think it is very im-portant to the American economy that American manufacturers not be dis-advantaged. The Ex-Im Bank makes money for the American taxpayer. Chi-na’s Ex-Im Bank is larger than France, Germany, the United States, and Eng-land’s combined. 
What does this mean to the average 
person? When a product is made in the United States and sold into the devel-oping world without the Ex-Im financ-ing mechanism available to American manufacturers, we are going to lose market share to other countries like China, France, Germany that produce wide-body jets and other products. Eighty-nine percent of the people who get help from the Ex-Im Bank are small businesses. 
This is an attempt to show the inves-
tor community and those who are watching this issue that the Senate is in support of the Bank. So I am urging a ‘‘no’’ vote on tabling. We had to do this procedurally. So this will be a sig-nal to the markets that the Senate is in support of the Bank. I urge everyone who believes the Bank is vital to Amer-ican exports and not against unilateral surrendering of market share to the Chinese and other competitors to vote no. There will be another vote of our choosing on a vehicle that will have to get to the President’s desk. This is not the last vote we will take on Ex-Im Bank. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Kansas. 
Mr. MORAN. Mr. President, I under-
stand we have a vote scheduled at 5 o’clock, and I appreciate the oppor-tunity to speak for about 60 seconds. AMENDMENT NO . 1473 
I came to the floor today to speak in 
favor of an amendment described ear-lier in the afternoon by Senator V
IT-
TER. This is an amendment, of course, 
to the National Defense Authorization Act that makes certain our U.S. Army is able to maintain the current number of brigade combat teams. 
Sequestration is creating significant 
problems in many arenas but no more important than in the area of our Army and defense. The concern is that in the process of downsizing the Army as a result of sequestration and other reductions in available funding, bri-gade combat teams would be elimi-nated. Senator V
ITTER ’s amendment, 
which I support and am a cosponsor of, would eliminate that as an option. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. L
EE). 
The Senator from Alabama. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1986 
Mr. SHELBY. What is the pending 
business? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is the 
Ayotte-Kirk amendment. 
Mr. SHELBY. Mr. President, I rise 
today in opposition to the amendment, which is a long-term reauthorization of the Export-Import Bank. In my opin-ion, after evaluating this issue during a series of hearings in the Senate bank-ing committee, there is no compelling case to reauthorize the bank. 
After years of efforts to reform the 
Export-Import Bank, it has become clear to me that its problems are be-yond repair and that the Bank’s expira-tion is in the best interest of American taxpayers. Nearly 99 percent of all American exports—over $2 trillion—are financed without the Export-Import Bank’s help, which demonstrates that the subsidies are more about corporate welfare than advancing our economy. 
I believe the Export-Import Bank has 
outlived its usefulness and should be allowed to expire. 
At this point, I move to table the 
Kirk amendment No. 1986 and ask for the yeas and nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The question is on agreeing to the 
motion. 
The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk 
called the roll. 
Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators 
are necessarily absent: the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO) and the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania (Mr. T OOMEY ). 
Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the 
Senator from Oregon (Mr. M ERKLEY ) 
and the Senator from Nevada (Mr. R
EID) are necessarily absent. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there 
any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? 
The result was announced—yeas 31, 
nays 65, as follows: [Rollcall Vote No. 206 Leg.] 
YEAS—31 
Barrasso 
Boozman Capito Cassidy Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Fischer 
Flake Gardner Grassley Inhofe Isakson Lankford Lee McConnell Paul Perdue Risch 
Sanders Sasse Sessions Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Vitter 
NAYS—65 
Alexander 
Ayotte Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Booker Boxer Brown Burr Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coats Cochran Collins Coons Donnelly Durbin Ernst Feinstein Franken 
Gillibrand Graham Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Johnson Kaine King Kirk Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCain McCaskill Menendez Mikulski Moran Murkowski 
Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Portman Reed Roberts Rounds Schatz Schumer 
Scott Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wicker Wyden 
NOT VOTING—4 
Merkley 
Reid Rubio 
Toomey 
The motion was rejected. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from New Hampshire. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1986 WITHDRAWN  
Ms. AYOTTE. Mr. President, on be-
half of Senator K IRK, I withdraw 
amendment No. 1986. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator has that right. The amendment is withdrawn. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
send a cloture motion to the desk for amendment No. 1569, as modified. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-
ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  
We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-
ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on amend-ment No. 1569, as modified, to the McCain amendment No. 1463 to H.R. 1735, an act to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of En-ergy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
Mitch McConnell, Lamar Alexander, 
John Cornyn, Orrin G. Hatch, David Perdue, Bob Corker, Michael B. Enzi, Susan M. Collins, Jeff Flake, Mike Rounds, Richard Burr, David Vitter, James M. Inhofe, Daniel Coats, John McCain, Deb Fischer, Tom Cotton. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask unanimous 
consent that the mandatory quorum required under rule XXII be waived. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The Senator from North Dakota. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:28 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10JN6.054 S10JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4017 June 10, 2015 
Mr. COATS. Will the Senator yield 
for a unanimous consent request? 
Ms. HEITKAMP. Sure. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS 
Mr. COATS. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Senate 
proceed to a period of morning busi-ness, with Senators permitted to speak for up to 10 minutes each. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. COATS. I thank the Senator. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from North Dakota. 
f 
AMENDMENT NO. 1986 
Ms. HEITKAMP. Mr. President, I am 
very excited about the Kirk-Heitkamp amendment getting an overwhelming show of support. The reality is that if we do not vote on the Kirk-Heitkamp bill itself and pass it out of this Cham-ber, at the end of this month, the char-ter for the Ex-Im Bank will expire. 
This vote has nothing to do with the 
charter for the Ex-Im Bank. It does nothing to prevent the charter for the Ex-Im Bank from expiring. This is at a time when China and India are pump-ing billions of dollars into their export credit agency. This is at a time when we have $15 billion worth of credit waiting to move through the Ex-Im Bank so we create jobs here in our country—jobs for American workers— and we are stalling the Bank. 
When we had this discussion during 
the TPA debate, we wanted to have a vote that would guarantee we would have an opportunity to prevent the charter for the Ex-Im Bank from expir-ing. That is not this vote today. 
I am extraordinarily gratified by the 
show of support because what it really does tell us is if we bring up an Ex-Im Bank bill on its own—an extension bill on its own—we will be able to prevent something from happening that could have catastrophic economic results in this country. So I urge this body to find a path forward to prevent the Ex- Im Bank charter from expiring, to have a path forward to honor our commit-ments that were made during an ear-lier vote so we can have a vote and ac-tually move this bill forward and not simply have a vote to show support but actually pass a bill. 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, will the 
Senator from North Dakota yield for a question? 
Ms. HEITKAMP. Yes. Mr. DURBIN. I thank the Senator for 
her comments and I ask her this ques-tion: So that we understand the proce-dure that just took place, there was an amendment offered that would have ex-tended the Ex-Im Bank and then a mo-tion to table it, and I believe 60 Mem-bers or more voted against the motion to table, which shows a positive senti-ment about extending the Ex-Im Bank charter. After that vote, the sponsors of the amendment withdrew the amendment from this bill. So at this moment in time, I wish to 
ask the Senator, for absolute clarity: We have nothing before us that would extend the Ex-Im Bank either in this bill or in any other manner before the end of June when it expires; is that correct? 
Ms. HEITKAMP. That is absolutely 
correct. 
Mr. DURBIN. And that creates a dis-
advantage for businesses in Illinois, and I am sure in North Dakota, in terms of exports and jobs, and unless we do take this seriously and quickly, they will be jeopardized. 
Ms. HEITKAMP. I think the other 
thing it does also is it is a signal to all of those companies we are competing with, whether it is China or India, that we are out of the business, and that opens a wide path for them to be in the business of exports. So this takes us out of the business of financing ex-ports, which is going to have and will have catastrophic results. We don’t have a path forward, and the charter of the Bank expires at the end of this month. Without a path forward, we are opening an opportunity for our com-petitors to take those exports and to take away our opportunity to have those jobs. 
So I am very gratified by the result 
of this vote because I think it signals support for Ex-Im Bank. When we get this kind of support from the U.S. Sen-ate—almost veto-proof support—maybe we ought to move the bill. People will say there isn’t an opportunity to do that; there is no path forward. Let me tell my colleagues that there is no one in the country who believes that is true. If there is a will, there is a way. 
We have to have a vote on the Ex-
port-Import Bank by the end of the month and get it over to the House so the House can support it and move this forward or we will be playing chicken with the exports of the United States of America. 
Mrs. SHAHEEN. Will the Senator 
yield for another question? 
Ms. HEITKAMP. Yes. Mrs. SHAHEEN. Senator A
YOTTE , in 
offering this amendment, talked about a forum in New Hampshire at General Electric where a number of small busi-nesses participated. Senator C
ANTWELL  
and I were at that forum. We heard tes-timony from an employee of a company called Goss International, which makes large printing presses and competes mostly with Germany but with coun-tries around the world. One of the issues she spoke about is that they have $10 million in deals that are sit-ting on the table at Ex-Im that they need to have approved before the end of June when the authorization expires. If those don’t get approved, they are not going to be able to create 45 new jobs they are talking about being able to create as part of that deal. 
So if the authorization for Ex-Im ex-
pires, not only is Goss going to have trouble with those jobs, but companies across this country are going to lose jobs that would be created if those fi-nancing deals could go through; isn’t 
that the case? 
Ms. HEITKAMP. In fact, the case is 
nearly $16 billion worth of American business and American exports that create American jobs will languish in the pipeline at the Ex-Im Bank because we foolishly let a charter expire at a time when we are in competition for exports, a competition for commerce throughout the world. 
When we debated trade promotion— 
and a lot of us took some tough votes on TPA—we were promised a vote that would be mutually agreed upon here so we could advance the Ex-Im Bank by the end of June. We haven’t gotten that vote because today all we did was show—I think rightfully so—that we have tremendous support in this body for the Ex-Im Bank and we shouldn’t be held hostage to the narrow ideology of a few. 
Ms. CANTWELL. Mr. President, will 
the Senator yield for a question? 
Ms. HEITKAMP. Yes. 
Ms. CANTWELL. The Senator from 
North Dakota has obviously been working so hard on this in the Banking Committee, and she understands, I be-lieve, that when the Bank expires on June 30, there is about $12 billion of ap-proved deals that are in the process, and they will not be approved while the Bank is not operating; is that correct? 
Ms. HEITKAMP. That is correct. The 
last number I was given, I say to my friend, the Senator from Washington, was almost $5.5 billion. 
Ms. CANTWELL. So today’s vote is a 
symbolic vote but does nothing to help us resolve the issue for getting this ap-proved before June 30. 
Ms. HEITKAMP. Unfortunately, too 
often we have symbolic votes that don’t have real consequences in the real world. Our wonderful businesses that are outcompeting and outmanufacturing and outdeveloping and outresearching the rest of the world are now with their hands tied be-hind their backs and losing credits as we stand. 
Ms. CANTWELL. Are there a lot of 
small businesses in South Dakota that are a part of this export economy? 
I say that because I think a lot of 
people get the impression that this is about big manufacturers. I have always said those guys will take care of them-selves; they have lots of people here to take care of them. But the small people who will actually lose business on June 30 don’t have people here and that is why we are fighting so hard to get a vote before June 30 that actually will go over to the House on a vehicle. 
Ms. HEITKAMP. We have companies 
in Wahpeton, ND, where bankruptcy has been prevented because they have been able to find their way to the Ex- Im Bank and actually find their way to a credit relationship with their import-ers. 
We have a company in West Fargo 
that builds portable wheelchair ramps and they have saturated the market here and they are marketing these all 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:31 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10JN6.057 S10JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4018 June 10, 2015 
over the country. They will tell us 
today and tell anyone who will listen that the only reason they are as suc-cessful as they are is because of the credit agency, the Export-Import Bank. 
Ms. CANTWELL. I thank the Senator 
for her leadership in committee. As she said, with 65 votes, we can do a lot of things to get this legislation out of here, so we will certainly be looking for those opportunities. 
Mrs. BOXER. Will the Senator yield 
for a question? 
Ms. HEITKAMP. I will. Mrs. BOXER. First, before I ask my 
question, I wish to thank Senator H
EITKAMP and Senator C ANTWELL and 
Senator S HAHEEN . These three women 
have been just stalwart on this. We were on different sides on the trade vote, and I remember how hard they pushed for a real commitment, which I think in good faith they believed they got. 
I am afraid what we saw here tonight 
is quite cynical. It doesn’t do anything. I don’t get what the point was. 
Wouldn’t it be far better if we got a 
commitment from the majority leader to set aside some time right after this bill—certainly before the end of this month, because as Senator C
ANTWELL  
always tells us, the end of the month is the end of the Bank. 
So if we could get a commitment, I 
am asking my friend, would she be willing to agree to a time agreement so we wouldn’t have to take up days and days and days to get this reauthoriza-tion done? 
Ms. HEITKAMP. Absolutely. I think 
we have a vehicle, as we can say, for the Kirk-Heitkamp bill, which was, in fact, this amendment we just voted on. We have overwhelming support in the Senate. We will do anything we can to move this authorization forward be-cause without it we are costing Amer-ican jobs. 
Mrs. BOXER. Another point I wish to 
make to my friend is I don’t know if she is aware, but California has well over $1 billion of projects on the line. Even in our State, that is significant. 
I just wanted to thank her and Sen-
ators C
ANTWELL and S HAHEEN and oth-
ers who have worked so hard. I have been here a long time, and I know a cynical ploy when I see it. I just saw it. 
I know how easy it is to resolve this 
problem. You have an overwhelming, filibuster-proof number of people who want this Bank reauthorized. All you probably need is an hour or so. Any-time night or day, we will come in. I would hope and I would ask my friend if she and her colleagues will pursue a meeting or ask directly at some point in time for a commitment to take this up and, within a reasonable time limit, get it done. 
In my State, many jobs are depend-
ent on this, and all across the Nation, as you have eloquently pointed out, as well as Senators C
ANTWELL and S HA-
HEEN . I thank you for your leadership. 
Ms. HEITKAMP. I thank my friend 
from California. I would say that as much as relation-
ships here matter, what matters more to me is Americans working. What matters more to me are the jobs that will be lost and the opportunities that will be lost, as these manufacturing fa-cilities and as these great innovative manufacturers have worked so hard. Think about all the work that is be-hind almost $16 billion worth of credit, all the relationships. All of a sudden, they have to say to their customer: Guess what. I am not there. 
I would suggest that one of the most 
heart-wrenching stories I have heard about the loss already of a big deal came out of California—a 100-percent disabled vet who told us he has already lost $57 million and he is on a path to lose a $200 million deal out of the Phil-ippines, and that means jobs, jobs, jobs. 
In California, jobs matter. In North 
Dakota, jobs matter. All across this country, jobs matter. If we can start putting the focus on jobs and the American worker first instead of ide-ology and politics, if we stop playing games, we can get things done here. 
What was interesting to me is people 
say: Well, there is no path forward. 
Really? I think that if we needed a 
bill passed, if, in fact, we were in a spot where in 2 weeks or 2-plus weeks we were going to lose the charter of the Ex-Im Bank—and we are in that spot. If you really care about the Ex-Im Bank, if you really care about Amer-ican jobs, you would figure out a way to pass this bill out of the Senate for which we have 65 votes. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Rhode Island. 
(The remarks of Mr. W
HITEHOUSE per-
taining to the introduction of S. 1548 are printed in today’s R
ECORD under 
‘‘Statements on Introduced Bills and Joint Resolutions.’’) 
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, I 
yield the floor. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
P
ERDUE ). The clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. FLAKE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO JANET BURRELL 
Mr. CARPER. Mr. President, I wish 
to honor and thank Janet Burrell for her 37 years of talented and dedicated public service upon her retirement from the Senate. Her career in the Sen-ate spans an impressive array of issues and responsibilities—all of which she met with grace, skill, and good cheer. For the last 16 years, Janet has served as the office administrator for the Democratic staff of the Senate Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. 
Janet started her career in the Sen-
ate on the Committee on Finance in 1985 as a staff assistant. She and her 
colleagues worked around the clock— taking shifts, day and night—to help enact the mammoth and historic Tax Reform Act of 1986. From the Com-mittee on Finance, she moved to the Committee on Environment and Public Works and, finally, to the Committee on Governmental Affairs, which is now the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. 
Over her 30 years of service in the 
Senate, Janet worked on teams tack-ling a wide range of legislation, moving 
from the Tax Reform Act of 1986 to the Clean Air Act Amendments of 1990 to the creation of the Department of Homeland Security in 2003. She has worked for six Senators over the years, including both Republicans and Demo-crats, in both the majority and the mi-nority, and even in a Senate evenly split between Democrats and Repub-licans. 
Along the way in her Senate career, 
Janet learned and mastered a broad array of new skills from managing human resources to operating com-puters to learning the intricacies of how to make a committee run smooth-ly. She was the office administrator of the now-Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs during the 9/11 terrorist attacks, when anthrax was discovered in the Senate, and even during an earthquake. The challenges were difficult and diverse but Janet rose to every task. Among other things, at the time of the anthrax inci-dent, Janet supervised the young staff who opened the mail. In that capacity, it was among her responsibilities to calm the fears of the staff and their worried parents. She was also respon-sible for figuring out evacuation drills for scenarios like a biological attack, terrorist attack, or active shooter— risks that few could have envisioned when she started with the committee 16 years ago. Janet also helped shape Senate history. Beginning in 2004, she played an instrumental role in orches-trating the committee’s transition from the Governmental Affairs Com-mittee to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. 
Prior to serving in the Senate, Janet 
worked in the House of Representatives for my former colleague, Ralph H. Reg-ula of Ohio, and she served 7 years in the executive branch at the U.S. Office of Government Ethics and at the U.S. General Services Administration. 
In every office that she was a part of, 
Janet acted as a force of calm and gen-erosity at the center of chaotic day-to- day, week-to-week schedules. Her col-leagues are quick to share stories of times when Janet went above and be-yond the call of duty to make some-one’s day smoother. In fact, they tell me that her selflessness and kindness was reflected in every task she took on. One of Janet’s former staff direc-tors said that Janet, ‘‘always did what-ever had to be done to make sure that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:10 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10JN6.058 S10JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4019 June 10, 2015 
others felt and understood how much 
they were appreciated.’’ I couldn’t agree more. She truly embodies the Golden Rule by always treating others as she would want to be treated. As she gracefully exits her lifelong career in public service, Janet leaves behind a family of colleagues that will miss her and long remember her. 
As we speak of Janet’s most signifi-
cant accomplishments, I would be re-miss if I did not mention Janet’s daughter Ashley, the apple of her eye. Ashley got an early start in the Sen-ate—as an infant in the Senate day care center. She went on to be one of the few students at her high school to earn a full international baccalaureate diploma. From there, Ashley earned an advanced degree in counseling and is now fully licensed, helping numerous young adults and families as they cope with life’s challenges. Clearly, the apple did not fall far from the tree. 
Upon her retirement, I thank Janet 
for the many invaluable contributions she has made to our committee, the Senate, the Federal Government, and our Nation. I congratulate her on a truly remarkable career. On behalf of all of us in the Senate, I want to wish her and her family the very best in all that lies ahead for each of them. God-speed. 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
CONGRATULATING B. GREEN & 
COMPANY ON ITS 100TH ANNI-VERSARY 
∑Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I wish to 
take this opportunity to recognize a special Baltimore company—B. Green & Company—on its 100th anniversary, which will be celebrated this Saturday, June 13. Benjamin Green founded this great Baltimore company one century ago. He was an immigrant from Lith-uania who worked as a street peddler before starting a wholesale grocery business in 1915 in a rowhouse located at 828 West Baltimore Street. He made deliveries to Baltimore-area grocery stores by horse-drawn carts and later by ‘‘tin lizzy’’ type trucks. 
One hundred years ago, warehouses 
were multistoried buildings, record- keeping, inventories, and billing were done by hand, and most items—even commodities like butter—were sold in bulk. Today, we have sprawling one- story warehouses accessible by tractor- trailer trucks. ‘‘Just in time’’ inven-tories are tracked by barcode. Com-puter software has automated much of the book-keeping and billing. And products of all types are sold in more convenient packages. 
B. Green & Company was—and re-
mains—a family business. All of Ben-jamin Green’s children—his sons Sam and Bernie and his daughters Rose, Anna, Sarah, and Dora ‘‘Duckye’’ and their spouses joined in supporting the business, learning it from the ground up. As they developed their own areas of expertise, the size and nature and status of the company grew. The third generation of the family joined their 
parents in the business in the 1960s and 1970s. Today, the remaining family members in the business are chief exec-utive officer Benjamin ‘‘Benjy’’ Green and his cousins Ben Sigman, chairman emeritus; and Bernice Sigman, a re-tired physician and board member. 
For a company to survive and pros-
per for 100 years, it needs to evolve and change with the times. During World War II, the company started supplying food to military bases and grew into the largest military commissary sup-plier on the east coast. In 1948, B. Green & Company was one of the first food wholesalers to use data processing equipment. Also, that year, the com-pany relocated to the first single-story warehouse in the area at 2200 Win-chester Street. A catastrophic fire de-stroyed the entire warehouse and most of the corporate offices in 1959, but the company had such strong relations with its suppliers and customers that it was able to resume delivering gro-ceries from a rented warehouse within a few days. 
In 1966, B. Green & Company pur-
chased Capital Wholesale Grocery Company, which allowed it to add the Cash & Carry business. The corporate offices were moved to 400 West Conway Street where the Cash & Carry was lo-cated. In 1968, the company acquired Colonial Foods Distributing Company to add gourmet and specialty foods and snack items to the main grocery prod-ucts, and to add some national chains as customers. In 1972, the company ac-quired property at 3601 Washington Boulevard from Westinghouse to ex-pand warehousing capacity, and the corporate offices relocated there in 1975. Three years later, the company acquired Southern Beef Company to ex-pand its line of meat products. 
B. Green & Company eventually be-
came the largest grocery wholesaler on the east coast. In 1979, it helped pio-neer warehouse-style, low-price, no- frills supermarkets by opening the York Warehouse Food Market. In 1983, using state-of-the-art technology, it became one of the first wholesalers to use a mechanized warehouse system. In 1989, the Maryland Stadium Authority, by the ‘‘right of eminent domain’’, con-demned the 400 West Conway location to build Oriole Park at Camden Yards. Cash & Carry moved to its current lo-cation at 1300 South Monroe Street. 
By 1991, with annual sales of $675 mil-
lion, B. Green & Company ranked 263d on Forbes magazine’s list of the Na-tion’s largest private companies. But the company continued to evolve, shifting its focus from wholesaling to retailing. In 1992, it sold its military distribution business to Nash Finch, a Minnesota-based wholesale grocery distributer. In 1993, it sold its civilian distribution business to Richfood of Richmond, VA. 
Today, B. Green & Company runs sev-
eral different food operations. It still distributes groceries to food retailers who are too small for the big whole-salers. It continues to run Cash & Carry from the warehouse at 1300 South Monroe Street and another one 
located at 2401 Belair Road. Cash & Carry is a members-only warehouse where many corner grocers in the area can shop for goods. And it operates two ‘‘everyday-low-price’’ Food Depot stores in Baltimore at the Belair Road site, which opened in 1996, and at 2495 Frederick Avenue, which opened in 2008. These stores ushered in a new gen-eration of urban full-service super-markets, featuring a fresh seafood and fish department, one of the largest and most diversified produce departments in Baltimore City, a full-service deli and bakery, and a meat department with a great variety of products and cuts of meat. The stores succeed as independent grocers by customizing their products and services to the neighborhoods they serve. Store man-agers and associates are encouraged to suggest products and merchandising strategies. In 2011, the company ex-panded into Howard County with a new format, the Green Valley Marketplace at 7280 Montgomery Road in Elkridge, MD. Green Valley Marketplace is a new suburban supermarket. 
I am proud that B. Green & Company 
launched a campaign to expand healthy food choices in the city’s poorest neighborhoods in a partnership with the Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health that encourages shop-pers to buy healthier items and fewer highly processed foods. Many Food Depot customers rely on the Supple-mental Nutrition Assistance Program. The stores have licensed dieticians on-site who teach customers how to shop for and prepare healthy meals on a budget. 
Today, B. Green & Company employs 
nearly 500 associates, who are consid-ered extended family. Benjy Green knows most of them by name and can recount their backgrounds. The com-pany thrives 100 years after its cre-ation because, as Benjy put it, ‘‘we know the neighborhood we serve better than the other guy’’. It thrives because it treats its employees and its cus-tomers with respect. It thrives because it fulfills a vital function in commu-nities across Baltimore and the sur-rounding area. I would ask my col-leagues to join me in congratulating B. Green & Company on its 100th anniver-sary and sending best wishes for the next 100 years. ∑ 
f 
CONGRATULATING JAYDYN CHILD 
∑Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I wish to 
recognize Jaydyn Child who was re-cently awarded the Girl Scouts’ Gold Award, the highest possible award granted to Girl Scouts. Jaydyn is a dedicated Girl Scout and high school junior from Dillon, MT. She earned this prestigious honor for her service project entitled, ‘‘Teen Suicide—Your Life is Worth Living.’’ Through this project she spent 150 hours of her time working, fundraising, making bracelets and creating pamphlets to raise aware-ness. Additionally, she organized 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:28 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10JN6.011 S10JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4020 June 10, 2015 
events in local schools for an anti-bul-
lying speaker to educate students about suicide prevention. 
Montana currently has the highest 
suicide rate in the Nation, and a rate twice the national average for suicide amongst teenagers and young adults. Jaydyn is doing a tremendous job in-forming her peers and the community and she is right to be commended. Jaydyn is exemplifying the best of Montana through her selflessness and dedication to others. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DR. LEODREY 
WILLIAMS 
∑Mr. VITTER. Mr. President, I honor 
Dr. Leodrey Williams, chancellor of the Southern University Agricultural Re-search and Extension Center, on his re-tirement after 50 years of public serv-ice. 
Dr. Williams is a 1961 graduate of 
Southern University of Louisiana in vocational agriculture education. Im-mediately upon graduation, he began his distinguished career by joining the U.S. Army and training as an oral x- ray technician and hygienist. He then began working for cooperative exten-sion, where he helped to build the new curriculum by assisting and launching the program throughout the State of Louisiana. He earned a master of science degree in 1970 and doctor of education degree in 1975 from Lou-isiana State University. After 5 years as an agriculture specialist, Dr. Wil-liams returned to Louisiana State Uni-versity as an associate professor and director of equal employment oppor-tunity and civil rights. In 1991, Dr. Wil-liams co-chaired a national task force that studied America’s cooperative ex-tension system. He was subsequently appointed Special Assistant to the U.S. Department of Agriculture Extension Administrator, and he was later named the National Director of Extension. 
Besides his active involvement in ag-
riculture, Dr. Williams has served as a consultant to the governments of Ethi-opia, Sierra Leone, and Republic of South Africa in the areas of extension administration and adult and con-tinuing education. During his visits to China, Honduras, and Liberia, he as-sisted in developing strategies for uni-versity collaboration and exchange, along with addressing concerns and issues facing urban populations. 
For the past 14 years, Dr. Williams 
has been the first chancellor for the Southern University Agricultural Re-search and Extension Center. He has served the citizens of Louisiana, Lou-isiana State University, and the South-ern University System with his knowl-edge, skill, enthusiasm, and leadership. 
I am pleased to honor the esteemed 
career of Dr. Leodrey Williams. I thank him for his years of service to our state and country and wish him the best in his future endeavors. ∑ MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT 
Messages from the President of the 
United States were communicated to the Senate by Mr. Pate, one of his sec-retaries. 
f 
EXECUTIVE MESSAGES REFERRED 
As in executive session the Presiding 
Officer laid before the Senate messages from the President of the United States submitting sundry nominations which were referred to the appropriate committees. 
(The messages received today are 
printed at the end of the Senate pro-ceedings.) 
f 
PRESIDENTIAL MESSAGE 
REPORT ON THE CONTINUATION 
OF THE NATIONAL EMERGENCY THAT WAS ORIGINALLY DE-CLARED IN EXECUTIVE ORDER 13405 OF JUNE 16, 2006, WITH RE-SPECT TO BELARUS—PM 19 
The PRESIDING OFFICER laid be-
fore the Senate the following message from the President of the United States, together with an accompanying report; which was referred to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: 
To the Congress of the United States: 
Section 202(d) of the National Emer-
gencies Act (50 U.S.C. 1622(d)) provides for the automatic termination of a na-tional emergency unless, within 90 days prior to the anniversary date of its declaration, the President publishes in the Federal Register and transmits to 
the Congress a notice stating that the emergency is to continue in effect be-yond the anniversary date. In accord-ance with this provision, I have sent to the Federal Register for publication the 
enclosed notice stating that the na-tional emergency with respect to the actions and policies of certain mem-bers of the Government of Belarus and other persons to undermine Belarus’s democratic processes or institutions that was declared in Executive Order 13405 of June 16, 2006, is to continue in effect beyond June 16, 2015. 
The actions and policies of certain 
members of the Government of Belarus and other persons to undermine Belarus’s democratic processes or insti-tutions, to commit human rights abuses related to political repression, and to engage in public corruption con-tinue to pose an unusual and extraor-dinary threat to the national security and foreign policy of the United States. For this reason, I have determined that it is necessary to continue the national emergency declared in Executive Order 13405 with respect to Belarus. 
B
ARACK OBAMA .
THEWHITE HOUSE , June 10, 2015. 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE 
At 4:05 p.m., a message from the 
House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-
nounced that the House has passed the following bills, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 235. An act to permanently extend the 
Internet Tax Freedom Act. 
H.R. 889. An act to amend chapter 97 of 
title 28, United States Code, to clarify the exception to foreign sovereign immunity set forth in section 1605(a)(3) of such title. 
H.R. 2051. An act to amend the Agricul-
tural Marketing Act of 1946 to extend the livestock mandatory price reporting require-ments, and for other purposes. 
H.R. 2088. An act to amend the United 
States Grain Standards Act to improve in-spection services performed at export ele-vators at export port locations, to reauthor-ize certain authorities of the Secretary of Agriculture under such Act, and for other purposes. 
H.R. 2289. An act to reauthorize the Com-
modity Futures Trading Commission, to bet-ter protect futures customers, to provide end-users with market certainty, to make basic reforms to ensure transparency and ac-countability at the Commission, to help farmers, ranchers, and end-users manage risks, to help keep consumer costs low, and for other purposes. 
H.R. 2394. An act to reauthorize the Na-
tional Forest Foundation Act, and for other purposes. 
H.R. 2577. An act making appropriations 
for the Departments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes. 
f 
MEASURES REFERRED 
The following bills were read the first 
and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 235. An act to permanently extend the 
Internet Tax Freedom Act; to the Committee on Finance. 
H.R. 2051. An act to amend the Agricul-
tural Marketing Act of 1946 to extend the livestock mandatory price reporting require-ments, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and For-estry. 
H.R. 2088. An act to amend the United 
States Grain Standards Act to improve in-spection services performed at export ele-vators at export port locations, to reauthor-ize certain authorities of the Secretary of Agriculture under such Act, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. 
H.R. 2289. An act to reauthorize the Com-
modity Futures Trading Commission, to bet-ter protect futures customers, to provide end-users with market certainty, to make basic reforms to ensure transparency and ac-countability at the Commission, to help farmers, ranchers, and end-users manage risks, to help keep consumer costs low, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ag-riculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. 
H.R. 2394. An act to reauthorize the Na-
tional Forest Foundation Act, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. 
H.R. 2577. An act making appropriations 
for the Departments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Appropriations. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES 
The following reports of committees 
were submitted: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:28 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JN6.019 S10JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4021 June 10, 2015 
By Mr. COCHRAN, from the Committee on 
Appropriations: 
Special Report entitled ‘‘Revised Alloca-
tion to Subcommittees of Budget Totals from the Concurrent Resolution for Fiscal Year 2016’’ (Rept. No. 114–61). 
By Mr. VITTER, from the Committee on 
Small Business and Entrepreneurship, with an amendment: 
S. 552. A bill to amend the Small Business 
Investment Act of 1958 to provide for in-creased limitations on leverage for multiple licenses under common control. 
By Mr. VITTER, from the Committee on 
Small Business and Entrepreneurship, with-out amendment: 
S. 957. A bill to increase access to capital 
for veteran entrepreneurs to help create jobs. 
By Mr. VITTER, from the Committee on 
Small Business and Entrepreneurship, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute: 
S. 958. A bill to amend the Small Business 
Act to provide for team and joint venture of-fers for certain contracts. 
S. 966. A bill to extend the low-interest re-
financing provisions under the Local Devel-opment Business Loan Program of the Small Business Administration. 
S. 967. A bill to require the Small Business 
Administration to make information relat-ing to lenders making covered loans publicly available, and for other purposes. 
S. 999. A bill to amend the Small Business 
Act to provide for improvements to small business development centers. 
S. 1000. A bill to strengthen resources for 
entrepreneurs by improving the SCORE pro-gram, and for other purposes. 
By Mr. VITTER, from the Committee on 
Small Business and Entrepreneurship, with-out amendment: 
S. 1001. A bill to establish authorization 
levels for general business loans for fiscal years 2015 and 2016. 
S. 1292. A bill to amend the Small Business 
Act to treat certain qualified disaster areas as HUBZones and to extend the period for HUBZone treatment for certain base closure areas, and for other purposes. 
By Mr. VITTER, from the Committee on 
Small Business and Entrepreneurship, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute: 
S. 1470. A bill to amend the Small Business 
Act to provide additional assistance to small business concerns for disaster recovery, and for other purposes. 
f 
EXECUTIVE REPORTS OF 
COMMITTEES 
The following executive reports of 
nominations were submitted: 
By Mr. HATCH for the Committee on Fi-
nance. 
*Anne Elizabeth Wall, of Illinois, to be a 
Deputy Under Secretary of the Treasury. 
By Mr. CORKER for the Committee on 
Foreign Relations. 
*Azita Raji, of California, to be Ambas-
sador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to the King-dom of Sweden. 
*Nancy Bikoff Pettit, of Virginia, a Career 
Member of the Senior Foreign Service, Class of Counselor, to be Ambassador Extraor-dinary and Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to the Republic of Latvia. 
*Gregory T. Delawie, of Virginia, a Career 
Member of the Senior Foreign Service, Class of Minister-Counselor, to be Ambassador Ex-traordinary and Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to the Republic of Kosovo. 
*Ian C. Kelly, of Illinois, a Career Member 
of the Senior Foreign Service, Class of Min-ister-Counselor, to be Ambassador Extraor-dinary and Plenipotentiary of the United 
States of America to Georgia. 
*Julieta Valls Noyes, of Virginia, a Career 
Member of the Senior Foreign Service, Class of Minister-Counselor, to be Ambassador Ex-traordinary and Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to the Republic of Croatia. 
*Sunil Sabharwal, of California, to be 
United States Alternate Executive Director of the International Monetary Fund for a term of two years. 
Mr. CORKER. Mr. President, for the 
Committee on Foreign Relations I re-port favorably the following nomina-tion lists which were printed in the R
ECORDS on the dates indicated, and 
ask unanimous consent, to save the ex-pense of reprinting on the Executive Calendar that these nominations lie at the Secretary’s desk for the informa-tion of Senators . 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Foreign Service nominations beginning 
with Daniel L. Angermiller and ending with Laura Merritt Stone, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on May 7, 2015. (minus 1 nominee: Stuart MacKenzie Hatch-er) 
Foreign Service nominations beginning 
with Bruce Matthews and ending with Brian Stephen Zelakiewicz, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on May 7, 2015. 
*Nomination was reported with rec-
ommendation that it be confirmed sub-ject to the nominee’s commitment to respond to requests to appear and tes-tify before any duly constituted com-mittee of the Senate. 
(Nominations without an asterisk 
were reported with the recommenda-tion that they be confirmed.) 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND 
JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
The following bills and joint resolu-
tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. HELLER (for himself and Mr. 
MARKEY ): 
S. 1535. A bill to amend title 49, United 
States Code, with respect to passenger motor vehicle crash avoidance information, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
By Mr. VITTER (for himself, Mr. 
R
ISCH, Mr. E NZI, Mr. R UBIO, Mrs. 
ERNST , and Mr. G ARDNER ): 
S. 1536. A bill to amend chapter 6 of title 5, 
United States Code (commonly known as the Regulatory Flexibility Act), to ensure com-plete analysis of potential impacts on small entities of rules, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. 
By Mr. UDALL (for himself, Mr. H
EIN-
RICH, and Mrs. G ILLIBRAND ): 
S. 1537. A bill to establish grant programs 
to improve the health of border area resi-dents and for all hazards preparedness in the border area including bioterrorism, infec-tious disease, and noncommunicable emerg-ing threats, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. DURBIN (for himself, Ms. B
ALD-
WIN, Mrs. B OXER , Mr. B ROWN , Mr. 
FRANKEN , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Mr. H EIN-RICH, Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mr. L EAHY , Mr. 
MARKEY , Mrs. M CCASKILL , Mr. 
MENENDEZ , Mr. M ERKLEY , Mr. M UR-
PHY, Mr. S ANDERS , Mrs. S HAHEEN , Mr. 
UDALL , and Ms. W ARREN ): 
S. 1538. A bill to reform the financing of 
Senate elections, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mrs. MURRAY: 
S. 1539. A bill to amend the Richard B. Rus-
sell National School Lunch Act to establish a permanent, nationwide summer electronic benefits transfer for children program; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. 
By Mrs. M
CCASKILL (for herself and 
Ms. C OLLINS ): 
S. 1540. A bill to improve the enforcement 
of prohibitions on robocalls, including fraud-ulent robocalls; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
By Mr. LEE (for himself, Mr. R
UBIO, 
Mr. C RUZ, Mr. F LAKE , Mr. V ITTER , 
and Mr. C RAPO ): 
S. 1541. A bill to empower States with au-
thority for most taxing and spending for highway programs and mass transit pro-grams, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Finance. 
By Mr. COONS (for himself and Ms. 
A
YOTTE ): 
S. 1542. A bill to establish a program that 
promotes reforms in workforce education and skill training for manufacturing in States and metropolitan areas, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. MORAN (for himself and Mr. 
K
ING): 
S. 1543. A bill to lift the trade embargo on 
Cuba, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs. 
By Mr. FLAKE: 
S. 1544. A bill to rescind unused earmarks 
provided for the Department of Transpor-tation, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Appropriations. 
By Mr. VITTER: 
S. 1545. A bill to require a quarterly report 
by the Federal Communications Commission on the Lifeline program funded by the Uni-versal Service Fund; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
By Mr. VITTER: 
S. 1546. A bill to establish an export credit 
insurance program in the Small Business Ad-ministration; to the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship. 
By Mr. ISAKSON (for himself, Mr. 
W
ARNER , and Mr. S CHATZ ): 
S. 1547. A bill to provide high-skilled visas 
for nationals of the Republic of Korea, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. WHITEHOUSE (for himself and 
Mr. S
CHATZ ): 
S. 1548. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to provide for carbon diox-
ide and other greenhouse gas emission fees, reduce the rate of the corporate income tax, provide tax credits to workers, deliver addi-tional benefits to retired and disabled Amer-icans, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Finance. 
By Mr. WARNER (for himself, Mr. 
I
SAKSON , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mrs. C APITO , 
Ms. C OLLINS , and Ms. K LOBUCHAR ): 
S. 1549. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to provide for advanced illness care coordination services for Medi-care beneficiaries, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mrs. ERNST (for herself and Ms. 
H
EITKAMP ): 
S. 1550. A bill to amend title 31, United 
States Code, to establish entities tasked with improving program and project man-agement in certain Federal agencies, and for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:28 Feb 19, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUN 15\S10JN5.REC S10JN5bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4022 June 10, 2015 
other purposes; to the Committee on Home-
land Security and Governmental Affairs. 
f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND 
SENATE RESOLUTIONS 
The following concurrent resolutions 
and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. LEAHY (for himself and Mr. 
LEE): 
S. Res. 198. A resolution commemorating 
the 150th anniversaries of the ratification of the 13th, 14th, and 15th Amendments to the Constitution of the United States, often re-ferred to as the ‘‘Second Founding’’ of the United States; considered and agreed to. 
f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 183 
At the request of Mr. B ARRASSO , the 
name of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. C
OCHRAN ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 183, a bill to repeal the annual fee on health insurance providers en-acted by the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. 
S. 192 
At the request of Mr. A LEXANDER , the 
name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. K
IRK) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
192, a bill to reauthorize the Older Americans Act of 1965, and for other purposes. 
S. 313 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the 
name of the Senator from Maryland (Mr. C
ARDIN ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 313, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to add physical therapists to the list of providers al-lowed to utilize locum tenens arrange-ments under Medicare. 
S. 352 
At the request of Ms. A YOTTE , the 
name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 352, a bill to amend sec-tion 5000A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide an additional religious exemption from the indi-vidual health coverage mandate, and for other purposes. 
S. 375 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the 
name of the Senator from California (Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 375, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to pro-vide a reduced rate of excise tax on beer produced domestically by certain qualifying producers. 
S. 491 
At the request of Ms. K LOBUCHAR , the 
name of the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
491, a bill to lift the trade embargo on Cuba. 
S. 512 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the 
name of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. R
OBERTS ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 512, a bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to safeguard data stored abroad from improper government ac-cess, and for other purposes. S. 578 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the 
name of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. C
OCHRAN ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 578, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to ensure more timely access to home health services for Medicare beneficiaries under the Medicare program. 
S. 650 
At the request of Mr. N ELSON , his 
name was withdrawn as a cosponsor of S. 650, a bill to extend the positive train control system implementation deadline, and for other purposes. 
S. 682 
At the request of Mr. T OOMEY , the 
name of the Senator from Alabama (Mr. S
ESSIONS ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 682, a bill to amend the Truth in Lending Act to modify the defini-tions of a mortgage originator and a high-cost mortgage. 
S. 713 
At the request of Mrs. B OXER , the 
name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 713, a bill to prevent international violence against women, and for other purposes. 
S. 751 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the 
name of the Senator from Wisconsin (Mr. J
OHNSON ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 751, a bill to improve the estab-lishment of any lower ground-level ozone standards, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 786 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , 
the name of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 786, a bill to provide paid and family medical leave benefits to cer-tain individuals, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 804 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the 
name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. K
IRK) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
804, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to specify coverage of continuous glucose monitoring de-vices, and for other purposes. 
S. 901 
At the request of Mr. M ORAN , the 
names of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ), the Senator from West Vir-
ginia (Mr. M ANCHIN ) and the Senator 
from Oregon (Mr. M ERKLEY ) were added 
as cosponsors of S. 901, a bill to estab-lish in the Department of Veterans Af-fairs a national center for research on the diagnosis and treatment of health conditions of the descendants of vet-erans exposed to toxic substances dur-ing service in the Armed Forces that are related to that exposure, to estab-lish an advisory board on such health conditions, and for other purposes. 
S. 1054 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the 
name of the Senator from Tennessee (Mr. A
LEXANDER ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1054, a bill to improve the productivity and energy efficiency of the manufacturing sector by directing 
the Secretary of Energy, in coordina-tion with the National Academies and other appropriate Federal agencies, to develop a national smart manufac-turing plan and to provide assistance to small- and medium-sized manufac-turers in implementing smart manu-facturing programs, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 1099 
At the request of Mr. S COTT, the 
name of the Senator from Utah (Mr. H
ATCH ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1099, a bill to amend the Patient Pro-tection and Affordable Care Act to pro-vide States with flexibility in deter-mining the size of employers in the small group market. 
S. 1121 
At the request of Ms. A YOTTE , the 
name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1121, a bill to amend the Horse Protection Act to designate ad-ditional unlawful acts under the Act, strengthen penalties for violations of the Act, improve Department of Agri-culture enforcement of the Act, and for other purposes. 
S. 1170 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the 
name of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. C
OCHRAN ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 1170, a bill to amend title 39, United States Code, to extend the au-thority of the United States Postal Service to issue a semipostal to raise funds for breast cancer research, and for other purposes. 
S. 1193 
At the request of Ms. C ANTWELL , the 
name of the Senator from North Da-kota (Ms. H
EITKAMP ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1193, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to make permanent and expand the temporary minimum credit rate for the low-in-come housing tax credit program. 
S. 1239 
At the request of Mr. D ONNELLY , the 
name of the Senator from North Da-kota (Ms. H
EITKAMP ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1239, a bill to amend the Clean Air Act with respect to the eth-anol waiver for the Reid vapor pressure limitations under that Act. 
S. 1256 
At the request of Mr. F RANKEN , the 
name of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. H
EINRICH ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 1256, a bill to require the Sec-retary of Energy to establish an energy storage research program, loan pro-gram, and technical assistance and grant program, and for other purposes. 
S. 1312 
At the request of Ms. M URKOWSKI , the 
name of the Senator from Montana (Mr. D
AINES ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1312, a bill to modernize Federal policies regarding the supply and dis-tribution of energy in the United States, and for other purposes. 
S. 1324 
At the request of Mrs. C APITO , the 
name of the Senator from Wisconsin 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:31 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JN6.009 S10JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4023 June 10, 2015 
(Mr. J OHNSON ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1324, a bill to require the Adminis-trator of the Environmental Protection Agency to fulfill certain requirements before regulating standards of perform-ance for new, modified, and recon-structed fossil fuel-fired electric utility generating units, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 1383 
At the request of Mr. P ERDUE , the 
name of the Senator from Georgia (Mr. I
SAKSON ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1383, a bill to amend the Consumer Fi-nancial Protection Act of 2010 to sub-ject the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection to the regular appropria-tions process, and for other purposes. 
S. 1385 
At the request of Mr. B LUNT , the 
names of the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
ORNYN ) and the Senator from Mis-
sissippi (Mr. C OCHRAN ) were added as 
cosponsors of S. 1385, a bill to prohibit the Federal Government from requir-ing race or ethnicity to be disclosed in connection with the transfer of a fire-arm. 
S. 1398 
At the request of Mr. A LEXANDER , the 
name of the Senator from West Vir-ginia (Mrs. C
APITO ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1398, a bill to extend, im-prove, and consolidate energy research and development programs, and for other purposes. 
S. 1407 
At the request of Mr. H ELLER , the 
name of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. U
DALL ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1407, a bill to promote the devel-opment of renewable energy on public land, and for other purposes. 
S. 1428 
At the request of Mr. B ARRASSO , the 
name of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. U
DALL ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1428, a bill to amend the USEC Privatization Act to require the Sec-retary of Energy to issue a long-term Federal excess uranium inventory management plan, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 1458 
At the request of Mr. C OATS , the 
names of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. T
OOMEY ) and the Senator 
from North Dakota (Mr. H OEVEN ) were 
added as cosponsors of S. 1458, a bill to amend the Surface Mining Control and Reclamation Act of 1977 to ensure sci-entific transparency in the develop-ment of environmental regulations and for other purposes. 
S. 1466 
At the request of Mr. K IRK, the name 
of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D UR-
BIN) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1466, 
a bill to amend title XVIII of the So-cial Security Act to modify payment under the Medicare program for out-patient department procedures that utilize drugs as supplies, and for other purposes. 
S. 1503 
At the request of Mr. B LUMENTHAL , 
the name of the Senator from Maine (Mr. K ING) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 1503, a bill to provide for enhanced Federal efforts concerning the preven-tion, education, treatment, and re-search activities related to Lyme dis-ease and other tick-borne diseases, in-cluding the establishment of a Tick- Borne Diseases Advisory Committee. 
S. CON. RES. 4 
At the request of Mr. B ARRASSO , the 
name of the Senator from Montana (Mr. D
AINES ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. Con. Res. 4, a concurrent resolu-tion supporting the Local Radio Free-dom Act. 
S. RES. 194 
At the request of Mr. G ARDNER , the 
name of the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
Res. 194, a resolution welcoming the President of the Republic of Korea on her official visit to the United States and celebrating the United States-Re-public of Korea relationship, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1474 
At the request of Mr. C OONS , the 
names of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. B
OOZMAN ), the Senator from Colo-
rado (Mr. B ENNET ), the Senator from 
California (Mrs. B OXER ), the Senator 
from West Virginia (Mrs. C APITO ), the 
Senator from Pennsylvania (Mr. C
ASEY ), the Senator from Iowa (Mrs. 
ERNST ), the Senator from Colorado 
(Mr. G ARDNER ), the Senator from New 
York (Mrs. G ILLIBRAND ), the Senator 
from South Carolina (Mr. G RAHAM ), the 
Senator from Hawaii (Ms. H IRONO ), the 
Senator from Georgia (Mr. I SAKSON ), 
the Senator from Vermont (Mr. L
EAHY ), the Senator from Georgia (Mr. 
PERDUE ), the Senator from Michigan 
(Mr. P ETERS ), the Senator from South 
Dakota (Mr. R OUNDS ), the Senator from 
Hawaii (Mr. S CHATZ ), the Senator from 
New Hampshire (Mrs. S HAHEEN ), the 
Senator from Michigan (Ms. S TABE -
NOW), the Senator from Montana (Mr. 
TESTER ), the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania (Mr. T OOMEY ), the Senator from 
Virginia (Mr. W ARNER ), the Senator 
from Rhode Island (Mr. W HITEHOUSE ) 
and the Senator from Oregon (Mr. W
YDEN ) were added as cosponsors of 
amendment No. 1474 intended to be pro-posed to H.R. 1735, an act to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1500 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the 
name of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ) was added as a cosponsor of 
amendment No. 1500 intended to be pro-posed to H.R. 1735, an act to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. AMENDMENT NO . 1569 
At the request of Mr. M CCAIN, his 
name was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 1569 proposed to H.R. 1735, an act to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1578 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , 
the name of the Senator from New Jer-sey (Mr. B
OOKER ) was added as a co-
sponsor of amendment No. 1578 in-tended to be proposed to H.R. 1735, an act to authorize appropriations for fis-cal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for mili-tary construction, and for defense ac-tivities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1615 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the 
name of the Senator from California (Mrs. B
OXER ) was added as a cosponsor 
of amendment No. 1615 intended to be proposed to H.R. 1735, an act to author-ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1622 
At the request of Mr. M ORAN , the 
name of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) was added as a co-
sponsor of amendment No. 1622 pro-posed to H.R. 1735, an act to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1628 
At the request of Ms. A YOTTE , the 
name of the Senator from Florida (Mr. N
ELSON ) was added as a cosponsor of 
amendment No. 1628 intended to be pro-posed to H.R. 1735, an act to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-
partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1647 
At the request of Mr. M ERKLEY , the 
name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. M
URPHY ) was added as a cosponsor 
of amendment No. 1647 intended to be proposed to H.R. 1735, an act to author-ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:31 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JN6.011 S10JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4024 June 10, 2015 
AMENDMENT NO . 1650 
At the request of Mr. S CHATZ , the 
name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) was added as a co-
sponsor of amendment No. 1650 in-tended to be proposed to H.R. 1735, an act to authorize appropriations for fis-cal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for mili-tary construction, and for defense ac-tivities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1684 
At the request of Mrs. M URRAY , the 
names of the Senator from California (Mrs. B
OXER ) and the Senator from 
Montana (Mr. T ESTER ) were added as 
cosponsors of amendment No. 1684 in-tended to be proposed to H.R. 1735, an act to authorize appropriations for fis-cal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for mili-tary construction, and for defense ac-tivities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1704 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , the 
names of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ), the Senator from 
Connecticut (Mr. M URPHY ), the Senator 
from California (Mrs. B OXER ) and the 
Senator from Delaware (Mr. C OONS ) 
were added as cosponsors of amend-ment No. 1704 intended to be proposed to H.R. 1735, an act to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2016 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1710 
At the request of Mr. K IRK, the name 
of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. R OB-
ERTS ) was added as a cosponsor of 
amendment No. 1710 intended to be pro-posed to H.R. 1735, an act to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1748 
At the request of Mr. P ETERS , the 
name of the Senator from Montana (Mr. D
AINES ) was added as a cosponsor 
of amendment No. 1748 intended to be proposed to H.R. 1735, an act to author-ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1760 
At the request of Mrs. C APITO , the 
name of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. B
OOZMAN ) was added as a cospon-
sor of amendment No. 1760 intended to be proposed to H.R. 1735, an act to au-
thorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1783 
At the request of Mrs. M CCASKILL , 
her name was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 1783 intended to be pro-posed to H.R. 1735, an act to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1798 
At the request of Mrs. B OXER , the 
name of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ) was added as a cosponsor of 
amendment No. 1798 intended to be pro-posed to H.R. 1735, an act to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1853 
At the request of Mr. L EE, the names 
of the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ) and the Senator from 
Delaware (Mr. C OONS ) were added as co-
sponsors of amendment No. 1853 in-tended to be proposed to H.R. 1735, an act to authorize appropriations for fis-cal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for mili-tary construction, and for defense ac-tivities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1874 
At the request of Mr. B LUNT , the 
name of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ) was added as a cosponsor of 
amendment No. 1874 intended to be pro-posed to H.R. 1735, an act to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1889 
At the request of Mr. M CCAIN, the 
name of the Senator from Arizona (Mr. F
LAKE ) was added as a cosponsor of 
amendment No. 1889 proposed to H.R. 1735, an act to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1898 
At the request of Mrs. M URRAY , the 
name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. DURBIN ) was added as a cosponsor of 
amendment No. 1898 intended to be pro-posed to H.R. 1735, an act to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1916 
At the request of Mr. B ENNET , the 
name of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. G
ARDNER ) was added as a cospon-
sor of amendment No. 1916 intended to be proposed to H.R. 1735, an act to au-thorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1941 
At the request of Mr. B LUNT , the 
name of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ) was added as a cosponsor of 
amendment No. 1941 intended to be pro-posed to H.R. 1735, an act to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1944 
At the request of Mr. T ESTER , the 
name of the Senator from Virginia (Mr. K
AINE) was added as a cosponsor of 
amendment No. 1944 intended to be pro-posed to H.R. 1735, an act to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1945 
At the request of Ms. C ANTWELL , the 
name of the Senator from Alaska (Ms. M
URKOWSKI ) was added as a cosponsor 
of amendment No. 1945 intended to be proposed to H.R. 1735, an act to author-ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1948 
At the request of Mr. W HITEHOUSE , 
the name of the Senator from Con-necticut (Mr. M
URPHY ) was added as a 
cosponsor of amendment No. 1948 in-tended to be proposed to H.R. 1735, an act to authorize appropriations for fis-cal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for mili-tary construction, and for defense ac-tivities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:31 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JN6.012 S10JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4025 June 10, 2015 
AMENDMENT NO . 1958 
At the request of Mr. B OOKER , the 
name of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. M
ENENDEZ ) was added as a cospon-
sor of amendment No. 1958 intended to be proposed to H.R. 1735, an act to au-thorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1961 
At the request of Ms. A YOTTE , the 
name of the Senator from South Caro-lina (Mr. G
RAHAM ) was added as a co-
sponsor of amendment No. 1961 in-tended to be proposed to H.R. 1735, an act to authorize appropriations for fis-cal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for mili-tary construction, and for defense ac-tivities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1962 
At the request of Ms. A YOTTE , the 
name of the Senator from South Caro-lina (Mr. G
RAHAM ) was added as a co-
sponsor of amendment No. 1962 in-tended to be proposed to H.R. 1735, an act to authorize appropriations for fis-cal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for mili-tary construction, and for defense ac-tivities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1966 
At the request of Ms. S TABENOW , the 
names of the Senator from Maine (Ms. C
OLLINS ), the Senator from Massachu-
setts (Mr. M ARKEY ), the Senator from 
West Virginia (Mrs. C APITO ), the Sen-
ator from New Jersey (Mr. M ENENDEZ ), 
the Senator from Virginia (Mr. W AR-
NER), the Senator from Michigan (Mr. 
PETERS ) and the Senator from Dela-
ware (Mr. C ARPER ) were added as co-
sponsors of amendment No. 1966 in-tended to be proposed to H.R. 1735, an act to authorize appropriations for fis-cal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for mili-tary construction, and for defense ac-tivities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED 
BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
By Mr. DURBIN (for himself, Ms. 
BALDWIN , Mrs. B OXER , Mr. 
BROWN , Mr. F RANKEN , Mrs. 
GILLIBRAND , Mr. H EINRICH , Ms. 
KLOBUCHAR , Mr. L EAHY , Mr. 
MARKEY , Mrs. M CCASKILL , Mr. 
MENENDEZ , Mr. M ERKLEY , Mr. 
MURPHY , Mr. S ANDERS , Mrs. 
SHAHEEN , Mr. U DALL , and Ms. 
WARREN ): 
S. 1538. A bill to reform the financing 
of Senate elections, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Finance. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the text of 
the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 1538 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as 
the ‘‘Fair Elections Now Act’’. 
(b) T ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-
tents of this Act is as follows: 
Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. 
TITLE I—FAIR ELECTIONS FINANCING OF 
SENATE ELECTION CAMPAIGNS 
Subtitle A—Fair Elections Financing 
Program 
Sec. 101. Findings and declarations. 
Sec. 102. Eligibility requirements and bene-
fits of Fair Elections financing of Senate election campaigns. 
Sec. 103. Prohibition on joint fundraising 
committees. 
Sec. 104. Exception to limitation on coordi-
nated expenditures by political party committees with partici-pating candidates. 
TITLE II—IMPROVING VOTER 
INFORMATION 
Sec. 201. Broadcasts relating to all Senate 
candidates. 
Sec. 202. Broadcast rates for participating 
candidates. 
Sec. 203. FCC to prescribe standardized form 
for reporting candidate cam-paign ads. 
TITLE III—RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE 
FEDERAL ELECTION COMMISSION 
Sec. 301. Petition for certiorari. 
Sec. 302. Filing by Senate candidates with 
Commission. 
Sec. 303. Electronic filing of FEC reports. 
TITLE IV—PARTICIPATION IN FUNDING 
OF ELECTIONS 
Sec. 401. Refundable tax credit for Senate 
campaign contributions. 
TITLE V—REVENUE PROVISIONS 
Sec. 501. Fair Elections Fund revenue. 
TITLE VI—MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS 
Sec. 601. Severability. 
Sec. 602. Effective date. 
TITLE I—FAIR ELECTIONS FINANCING OF 
SENATE ELECTION CAMPAIGNS 
Subtitle A—Fair Elections Financing 
Program 
SEC. 101. FINDINGS AND DECLARATIONS. 
(a) U NDERMINING OF DEMOCRACY BY CAM-
PAIGN CONTRIBUTIONS FROM PRIVATE  
SOURCES .—The Senate finds and declares 
that the current system of privately fi-nanced campaigns for election to the United States Senate has the capacity, and is often perceived by the public, to undermine de-mocracy in the United States by— 
(1) creating a culture that fosters actual or 
perceived conflicts of interest by encour-aging Senators to accept large campaign contributions from private interests that are directly affected by Federal legislation; 
(2) diminishing or appearing to diminish 
Senators’ accountability to constituents by compelling legislators to be accountable to the major contributors who finance their election campaigns; 
(3) undermining the meaning of the right 
to vote by allowing monied interests to have a disproportionate and unfair influence with-in the political process; 
(4) imposing large, unwarranted costs on 
taxpayers through legislative and regulatory distortions caused by unequal access to law-
makers for campaign contributors; 
(5) making it difficult for some qualified 
candidates to mount competitive Senate election campaigns; 
(6) disadvantaging challengers and discour-
aging competitive elections; and 
(7) burdening incumbents with a pre-
occupation with fundraising and thus de-creasing the time available to carry out their public responsibilities. 
(b) E
NHANCEMENT OF DEMOCRACY BY PRO-
VIDING ALLOCATIONS FROM THE FAIRELEC-
TIONS FUND.—The Senate finds and declares 
that providing the option of the replacement of large private campaign contributions with allocations from the Fair Elections Fund for all primary, runoff, and general elections to the Senate would enhance American democ-racy by— 
(1) reducing the actual or perceived con-
flicts of interest created by fully private fi-nancing of the election campaigns of public officials and restoring public confidence in the integrity and fairness of the electoral and legislative processes through a program which allows participating candidates to ad-here to substantially lower contribution lim-its for contributors with an assurance that there will be sufficient funds for such can-didates to run viable electoral campaigns; 
(2) increasing the public’s confidence in the 
accountability of Senators to the constitu-ents who elect them, which derives from the program’s qualifying criteria to participate in the voluntary program and the conclu-sions that constituents may draw regarding candidates who qualify and participate in the program; 
(3) helping to reduce the ability to make 
large campaign contributions as a deter-minant of a citizen’s influence within the po-litical process by facilitating the expression of support by voters at every level of wealth, encouraging political participation, and incentivizing participation on the part of Senators through the matching of small dol-lar contributions; 
(4) potentially saving taxpayers billions of 
dollars that may be (or that are perceived to be) currently allocated based upon legisla-tive and regulatory agendas skewed by the influence of campaign contributions; 
(5) creating genuine opportunities for all 
Americans to run for the Senate and encour-aging more competitive elections; 
(6) encouraging participation in the elec-
toral process by citizens of every level of wealth; and 
(7) freeing Senators from the incessant pre-
occupation with raising money, and allowing them more time to carry out their public re-sponsibilities. 
SEC. 102. ELIGIBILITY REQUIREMENTS AND BEN-
EFITS OF FAIR ELECTIONS FINANC-ING OF SENATE ELECTION CAM-PAIGNS. 
The Federal Election Campaign Act of 1971 
(52 U.S.C. 30101 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘TITLE V—FAIR ELECTIONS FINANCING 
OF SENATE ELECTION CAMPAIGNS 
‘‘Subtitle A—General Provisions 
‘‘SEC. 501. DEFINITIONS. 
‘‘In this title: 
‘‘(1) A LLOCATION FROM THE FUND .—The term 
‘allocation from the Fund’ means an alloca-tion of money from the Fair Elections Fund to a participating candidate pursuant to sec-tion 522. 
‘‘(2) B
OARD .—The term ‘Board’ means the 
Fair Elections Oversight Board established under section 531. 
‘‘(3) F
AIR ELECTIONS QUALIFYING PERIOD .— 
The term ‘Fair Elections qualifying period’ means, with respect to any candidate for Senator, the period— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:37 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JN6.012 S10JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4026 June 10, 2015 
‘‘(A) beginning on the date on which the 
candidate files a statement of intent under section 511(a)(1); and 
‘‘(B) ending on the date that is 30 days be-
fore— 
‘‘(i) the date of the primary election; or ‘‘(ii) in the case of a State that does not 
hold a primary election, the date prescribed by State law as the last day to qualify for a position on the general election ballot. 
‘‘(4) F
AIR ELECTIONS START DATE .—The 
term ‘Fair Elections start date’ means, with respect to any candidate, the date that is 180 days before— 
‘‘(A) the date of the primary election; or ‘‘(B) in the case of a State that does not 
hold a primary election, the date prescribed by State law as the last day to qualify for a position on the general election ballot. 
‘‘(5) F
UND.—The term ‘Fund’ means the 
Fair Elections Fund established by section 
502. 
‘‘(6) I MMEDIATE FAMILY .—The term ‘imme-
diate family’ means, with respect to any can-didate— 
‘‘(A) the candidate’s spouse; ‘‘(B) a child, stepchild, parent, grand-
parent, brother, half-brother, sister, or half- sister of the candidate or the candidate’s spouse; and 
‘‘(C) the spouse of any person described in 
subparagraph (B). 
‘‘(7) M
ATCHING CONTRIBUTION .—The term 
‘matching contribution’ means a matching payment provided to a participating can-didate for qualified small dollar contribu-tions, as provided under section 523. 
‘‘(8) N
ONPARTICIPATING CANDIDATE .—The 
term ‘nonparticipating candidate’ means a candidate for Senator who is not a partici-pating candidate. 
‘‘(9) P
ARTICIPATING CANDIDATE .—The term 
‘participating candidate’ means a candidate for Senator who is certified under section 515 as being eligible to receive an allocation from the Fund. 
‘‘(10) Q
UALIFYING CONTRIBUTION .—The term 
‘qualifying contribution’ means, with respect to a candidate, a contribution that— 
‘‘(A) is in an amount that is— ‘‘(i) not less than the greater of $5 or the 
amount determined by the Commission under section 531; and 
‘‘(ii) not more than the greater of $150 or 
the amount determined by the Commission under section 531; 
‘‘(B) is made by an individual— ‘‘(i) who is a resident of the State in which 
such candidate is seeking election; and 
‘‘(ii) who is not otherwise prohibited from 
making a contribution under this Act; 
‘‘(C) is made during the Fair Elections 
qualifying period; and 
‘‘(D) meets the requirements of section 
512(b). 
‘‘(11) Q
UALIFIED SMALL DOLLAR CONTRIBU -
TION.—The term ‘qualified small dollar con-
tribution’ means, with respect to a can-didate, any contribution (or series of con-tributions)— 
‘‘(A) which is not a qualifying contribution 
(or does not include a qualifying contribu-tion); 
‘‘(B) which is made by an individual who is 
not prohibited from making a contribution under this Act; and 
‘‘(C) the aggregate amount of which does 
not exceed the greater of— 
‘‘(i) $150 per election; or ‘‘(ii) the amount per election determined 
by the Commission under section 531. 
‘‘(12) Q
UALIFYING MULTICANDIDATE POLIT -
ICAL COMMITTEE CONTRIBUTION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The term ‘qualifying 
multicandidate political committee con-tribution’ means any contribution to a can-didate that is made from a qualified account of a multicandidate political committee 
(within the meaning of section 315(a)(2)). 
‘‘(B) Q
UALIFIED ACCOUNT .—For purposes of 
subparagraph (A), the term ‘qualified ac-count’ means, with respect to a multi-candidate political committee, a separate, segregated account of the committee that consists solely of contributions which meet the following requirements: 
‘‘(i) All contributions to such account are 
made by individuals who are not prohibited from making contributions under this Act. 
‘‘(ii) The aggregate amount of contribu-
tions from each individual to such account and all other accounts of the political com-mittee do not exceed the amount described in paragraph (11)(C). 
‘‘SEC. 502. FAIR ELECTIONS FUND. 
‘‘(a) E STABLISHMENT .—There is established 
in the Treasury a fund to be known as the ‘Fair Elections Fund’. 
‘‘(b) A
MOUNTS HELD BY FUND.—The Fund 
shall consist of the following amounts: 
‘‘(1) A PPROPRIATED AMOUNTS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Amounts appropriated 
to the Fund. 
‘‘(B) S ENSE OF THE SENATE REGARDING AP -
PROPRIATIONS .—It is the sense of the Senate 
that— 
‘‘(i) there should be imposed on any pay-
ment made to any person (other than a State or local government or a foreign nation) who has contracts with the Government of the United States in excess of $10,000,000 a tax equal to 0.50 percent of amount paid pursu-ant to such contracts, except that the aggre-gate tax for any person for any taxable year shall not exceed $500,000; and 
‘‘(ii) the revenue from such tax should be 
appropriated to the Fund. 
‘‘(2) V
OLUNTARY CONTRIBUTIONS .—Vol-
untary contributions to the Fund. 
‘‘(3) O THER DEPOSITS .—Amounts deposited 
into the Fund under— 
‘‘(A) section 513(c) (relating to exceptions 
to contribution requirements); 
‘‘(B) section 521(c) (relating to remittance 
of allocations from the Fund); 
‘‘(C) section 533 (relating to violations); 
and 
‘‘(D) any other section of this Act. ‘‘(4) I
NVESTMENT RETURNS .—Interest on, 
and the proceeds from, the sale or redemp-tion of, any obligations held by the Fund under subsection (c). 
‘‘(c) I
NVESTMENT .—The Commission shall 
invest portions of the Fund in obligations of the United States in the same manner as provided under section 9602(b) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. 
‘‘(d) U
SE OF FUND.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The sums in the Fund 
shall be used to provide benefits to partici-pating candidates as provided in subtitle C. 
‘‘(2) I
NSUFFICIENT AMOUNTS .—Under regula-
tions established by the Commission, rules similar to the rules of section 9006(c) of the Internal Revenue Code shall apply. 
‘‘Subtitle B—Eligibility and Certification 
‘‘SEC. 511. ELIGIBILITY. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—A candidate for Senator 
is eligible to receive an allocation from the Fund for any election if the candidate meets the following requirements: 
‘‘(1) The candidate files with the Commis-
sion a statement of intent to seek certifi-cation as a participating candidate under this title during the period beginning on the Fair Elections start date and ending on the last day of the Fair Elections qualifying pe-riod. 
‘‘(2) The candidate meets the qualifying 
contribution requirements of section 512. 
‘‘(3) Not later than the last day of the Fair 
Elections qualifying period, the candidate files with the Commission an affidavit signed by the candidate and the treasurer of the candidate’s principal campaign committee 
declaring that the candidate— 
‘‘(A) has complied and, if certified, will 
comply with the contribution and expendi-ture requirements of section 513; 
‘‘(B) if certified, will comply with the de-
bate requirements of section 514; 
‘‘(C) if certified, will not run as a non-
participating candidate during such year in any election for the office that such can-didate is seeking; and 
‘‘(D) has either qualified or will take steps 
to qualify under State law to be on the bal-lot. 
‘‘(b) G
ENERAL ELECTION .—Notwithstanding 
subsection (a), a candidate shall not be eligi-ble to receive an allocation from the Fund for a general election or a general runoff election unless the candidate’s party nomi-nated the candidate to be placed on the bal-
lot for the general election or the candidate otherwise qualified to be on the ballot under State law. 
‘‘SEC. 512. QUALIFYING CONTRIBUTION REQUIRE-
MENT. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—A candidate for Senator 
meets the requirement of this section if, dur-ing the Fair Elections qualifying period, the candidate obtains— 
‘‘(1) a number of qualifying contributions 
equal to the greater of— 
‘‘(A) the sum of— ‘‘(i) 2,000; plus ‘‘(ii) 500 for each congressional district in 
the State with respect to which the can-didate is seeking election; or 
‘‘(B) the amount determined by the Com-
mission under section 531; and 
‘‘(2) a total dollar amount of qualifying 
contributions equal to the greater of— 
‘‘(A) 10 percent of the amount of the allo-
cation such candidate would be entitled to receive for the primary election under sec-tion 522(c)(1) (determined without regard to paragraph (5) thereof) if such candidate were a participating candidate; or 
‘‘(B) the amount determined by the Com-
mission under section 531. 
‘‘(b) R
EQUIREMENTS RELATING TO RECEIPT  
OFQUALIFYING CONTRIBUTION .—Each quali-
fying contribution— 
‘‘(1) may be made by means of a personal 
check, money order, debit card, credit card, or electronic payment account; 
‘‘(2) shall be accompanied by a signed 
statement containing— 
‘‘(A) the contributor’s name and the con-
tributor’s address in the State in which the contributor is registered to vote; and 
‘‘(B) an oath declaring that the contrib-
utor— 
‘‘(i) understands that the purpose of the 
qualifying contribution is to show support for the candidate so that the candidate may qualify for Fair Elections financing; 
‘‘(ii) is making the contribution in his or 
her own name and from his or her own funds; 
‘‘(iii) has made the contribution willingly; 
and 
‘‘(iv) has not received anything of value in 
return for the contribution; and 
‘‘(3) shall be acknowledged by a receipt 
that is sent to the contributor with a copy kept by the candidate for the Commission and a copy kept by the candidate for the election authorities in the State with re-spect to which the candidate is seeking elec-tion. 
‘‘(c) V
ERIFICATION OF QUALIFYING CONTRIBU -
TIONS .—The Commission shall establish pro-
cedures for the auditing and verification of qualifying contributions to ensure that such contributions meet the requirements of this section. 
‘‘SEC. 513. CONTRIBUTION AND EXPENDITURE 
REQUIREMENTS. 
‘‘(a) G ENERAL RULE.—A candidate for Sen-
ator meets the requirements of this section 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:37 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JN6.005 S10JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4027 June 10, 2015 
if, during the election cycle of the candidate, 
the candidate— 
‘‘(1) except as provided in subsection (b), 
accepts no contributions other than— 
‘‘(A) qualifying contributions; ‘‘(B) qualified small dollar contributions; 
‘‘(C) qualifying multicandidate political 
committee contributions; 
‘‘(D) allocations from the Fund under sec-
tion 522; 
‘‘(E) matching contributions under section 
523; and 
‘‘(F) vouchers provided to the candidate 
under section 524; 
‘‘(2) makes no expenditures from any 
amounts other than from— 
‘‘(A) qualifying contributions; ‘‘(B) qualified small dollar contributions; ‘‘(C) qualifying multicandidate political 
committee contributions; 
‘‘(D) allocations from the Fund under sec-
tion 522; 
‘‘(E) matching contributions under section 
523; and 
‘‘(F) vouchers provided to the candidate 
under section 524; and 
‘‘(3) makes no expenditures from personal 
funds or the funds of any immediate family member (other than funds received through qualified small dollar contributions and qualifying contributions). 
For purposes of this subsection, a payment 
made by a political party in coordination with a participating candidate shall not be treated as a contribution to or as an expendi-ture made by the participating candidate. 
‘‘(b) C
ONTRIBUTIONS FOR LEADERSHIP PAC S, 
ETC.—A political committee of a partici-
pating candidate which is not an authorized committee of such candidate may accept contributions other than contributions de-scribed in subsection (a)(1) from any person if— 
‘‘(1) the aggregate contributions from such 
person for any calendar year do not exceed $150; and 
‘‘(2) no portion of such contributions is dis-
bursed in connection with the campaign of the participating candidate. 
‘‘(c) E
XCEPTION .—Notwithstanding sub-
section (a), a candidate shall not be treated as having failed to meet the requirements of this section if any contributions that are not qualified small dollar contributions, quali-fying contributions, qualifying multi-candidate political committee contributions, or contributions that meet the requirements of subsection (b) and that are accepted before the date the candidate files a statement of intent under section 511(a)(1) are— 
‘‘(1) returned to the contributor; or ‘‘(2) submitted to the Commission for de-
posit in the Fund. 
‘‘SEC. 514. DEBATE REQUIREMENT. 
‘‘A candidate for Senator meets the re-
quirements of this section if the candidate participates in at least— 
‘‘(1) 1 public debate before the primary 
election with other participating candidates and other willing candidates from the same party and seeking the same nomination as such candidate; and 
‘‘(2) 2 public debates before the general 
election with other participating candidates and other willing candidates seeking the same office as such candidate. 
‘‘SEC. 515. CERTIFICATION. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 5 days 
after a candidate for Senator files an affi-davit under section 511(a)(3), the Commission shall— 
‘‘(1) certify whether or not the candidate is 
a participating candidate; and 
‘‘(2) notify the candidate of the Commis-
sion’s determination. 
‘‘(b) R
EVOCATION OF CERTIFICATION .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Commission may re-
voke a certification under subsection (a) if— ‘‘(A) a candidate fails to qualify to appear 
on the ballot at any time after the date of certification; or 
‘‘(B) a candidate otherwise fails to comply 
with the requirements of this title, including any regulatory requirements prescribed by the Commission. 
‘‘(2) R
EPAYMENT OF BENEFITS .—If certifi-
cation is revoked under paragraph (1), the candidate shall repay to the Fund an amount equal to the value of benefits received under this title plus interest (at a rate determined by the Commission) on any such amount re-ceived. 
‘‘Subtitle C—Benefits 
‘‘SEC. 521. BENEFITS FOR PARTICIPATING CAN-
DIDATES. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—For each election with 
respect to which a candidate is certified as a participating candidate, such candidate shall be entitled to— 
‘‘(1) an allocation from the Fund to make 
or obligate to make expenditures with re-spect to such election, as provided in section 522; 
‘‘(2) matching contributions, as provided in 
section 523; and 
‘‘(3) for the general election, vouchers for 
broadcasts of political advertisements, as provided in section 524. 
‘‘(b) R
ESTRICTION ON USES OF ALLOCATIONS  
FROM THE FUND.—Allocations from the Fund 
received by a participating candidate under section 522 and matching contributions under section 523 may only be used for cam-paign-related costs. 
‘‘(c) R
EMITTING ALLOCATIONS FROM THE  
FUND.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than the date 
that is 45 days after an election in which the participating candidate appeared on the bal-lot, such participating candidate shall remit to the Commission for deposit in the Fund an amount equal to the lesser of— 
‘‘(A) the amount of money in the can-
didate’s campaign account; or 
‘‘(B) the sum of the allocations from the 
Fund received by the candidate under sec-tion 522 and the matching contributions re-ceived by the candidate under section 523. 
‘‘(2) E
XCEPTION .—In the case of a candidate 
who qualifies to be on the ballot for a pri-mary runoff election, a general election, or a general runoff election, the amounts de-scribed in paragraph (1) may be retained by the candidate and used in such subsequent election. 
‘‘SEC. 522. ALLOCATIONS FROM THE FUND. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Commission shall 
make allocations from the Fund under sec-tion 521(a)(1) to a participating candidate— 
‘‘(1) in the case of amounts provided under 
subsection (c)(1), not later than 48 hours after the date on which such candidate is certified as a participating candidate under section 515; 
‘‘(2) in the case of a general election, not 
later than 48 hours after— 
‘‘(A) the date of the certification of the re-
sults of the primary election or the primary runoff election; or 
‘‘(B) in any case in which there is no pri-
mary election, the date the candidate quali-fies to be placed on the ballot; and 
‘‘(3) in the case of a primary runoff elec-
tion or a general runoff election, not later than 48 hours after the certification of the results of the primary election or the general election, as the case may be. 
‘‘(b) M
ETHOD OF PAYMENT .—The Commis-
sion shall distribute funds available to par-ticipating candidates under this section through the use of an electronic funds ex-change or a debit card. 
‘‘(c) A
MOUNTS .— 
‘‘(1) P RIMARY ELECTION ALLOCATION ; INITIAL  
ALLOCATION .—Except as provided in para-graph (5), the Commission shall make an al-
location from the Fund for a primary elec-tion to a participating candidate in an amount equal to 67 percent of the base amount with respect to such participating candidate. 
‘‘(2) P
RIMARY RUNOFF ELECTION ALLOCA -
TION.—The Commission shall make an allo-
cation from the Fund for a primary runoff election to a participating candidate in an amount equal to 25 percent of the amount the participating candidate was eligible to receive under this section for the primary election. 
‘‘(3) G
ENERAL ELECTION ALLOCATION .—Ex-
cept as provided in paragraph (5), the Com-mission shall make an allocation from the Fund for a general election to a partici-pating candidate in an amount equal to the base amount with respect to such candidate. 
‘‘(4) G
ENERAL RUNOFF ELECTION ALLOCA -
TION.—The Commission shall make an allo-
cation from the Fund for a general runoff election to a participating candidate in an amount equal to 25 percent of the base amount with respect to such candidate. 
‘‘(5) U
NCONTESTED ELECTIONS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—In the case of a primary 
or general election that is an uncontested election, the Commission shall make an allo-cation from the Fund to a participating can-didate for such election in an amount equal to 25 percent of the allocation which such candidate would be entitled to under this section for such election if this paragraph did not apply. 
‘‘(B) U
NCONTESTED ELECTION DEFINED .—For 
purposes of this subparagraph, an election is uncontested if not more than 1 candidate has campaign funds (including payments from the Fund) in an amount equal to or greater than 10 percent of the allocation a partici-pating candidate would be entitled to receive under this section for such election if this paragraph did not apply. 
‘‘(d) B
ASEAMOUNT .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as otherwise pro-
vided in this subsection, the base amount for any candidate is an amount equal to the greater of— 
‘‘(A) the sum of— ‘‘(i) $750,000; plus ‘‘(ii) $150,000 for each congressional district 
in the State with respect to which the can-didate is seeking election; or 
‘‘(B) the amount determined by the Com-
mission under section 531. 
‘‘(2) I
NDEXING .—In each even-numbered 
year after 2019— 
‘‘(A) each dollar amount under paragraph 
(1)(A) shall be increased by the percent dif-ference between the price index (as defined in section 315(c)(2)(A)) for the 12 months pre-ceding the beginning of such calendar year and the price index for calendar year 2018; 
‘‘(B) each dollar amount so increased shall 
remain in effect for the 2-year period begin-ning on the first day following the date of the last general election in the year pre-ceding the year in which the amount is in-creased and ending on the date of the next general election; and 
‘‘(C) if any amount after adjustment under 
subparagraph (A) is not a multiple of $100, such amount shall be rounded to the nearest multiple of $100. 
‘‘SEC. 523. MATCHING PAYMENTS FOR QUALIFIED 
SMALL DOLLAR CONTRIBUTIONS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Commission shall 
pay to each participating candidate an amount equal to 600 percent of the amount of qualified small dollar contributions received by the candidate from individuals who are residents of the State in which such partici-pating candidate is seeking election after the date on which such candidate is certified under section 515. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:37 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JN6.005 S10JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4028 June 10, 2015 
‘‘(b) L IMITATION .—The aggregate payments 
under subsection (a) with respect to any can-didate shall not exceed the greater of— 
‘‘(1) 400 percent of the allocation such can-
didate is entitled to receive for such election under section 522 (determined without regard to subsection (c)(5) thereof); or 
‘‘(2) the percentage of such allocation de-
termined by the Commission under section 531. 
‘‘(c) T
IME OF PAYMENT .—The Commission 
shall make payments under this section not later than 2 business days after the receipt of a report made under subsection (d). 
‘‘(d) R
EPORTS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Each participating can-
didate shall file reports of receipts of quali-fied small dollar contributions at such times and in such manner as the Commission may by regulations prescribe. 
‘‘(2) C
ONTENTS OF REPORTS .—Each report 
under this subsection shall disclose— 
‘‘(A) the amount of each qualified small 
dollar contribution received by the can-didate; 
‘‘(B) the amount of each qualified small 
dollar contribution received by the can-didate from a resident of the State in which the candidate is seeking election; and 
‘‘(C) the name, address, and occupation of 
each individual who made a qualified small dollar contribution to the candidate. 
‘‘(3) F
REQUENCY OF REPORTS .—Reports 
under this subsection shall be made no more frequently than— 
‘‘(A) once every month until the date that 
is 90 days before the date of the election; 
‘‘(B) once every week after the period de-
scribed in subparagraph (A) and until the date that is 21 days before the election; and 
‘‘(C) once every day after the period de-
scribed in subparagraph (B). 
‘‘(4) L
IMITATION ON REGULATIONS .—The 
Commission may not prescribe any regula-tions with respect to reporting under this subsection with respect to any election after the date that is 180 days before the date of such election. 
‘‘(e) A
PPEALS .—The Commission shall pro-
vide a written explanation with respect to any denial of any payment under this section and shall provide the opportunity for review and reconsideration within 5 business days of such denial. 
‘‘SEC. 524. POLITICAL ADVERTISING VOUCHERS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Commission shall 
establish and administer a voucher program for the purchase of airtime on broadcasting stations for political advertisements in ac-cordance with the provisions of this section. 
‘‘(b) C
ANDIDATES .—The Commission shall 
only disburse vouchers under the program established under subsection (a) to partici-
pants certified pursuant to section 515 who have agreed in writing to keep and furnish to the Commission such records, books, and other information as it may require. 
‘‘(c) A
MOUNTS .—The Commission shall dis-
burse vouchers to each candidate certified under subsection (b) in an aggregate amount equal to the greater of— 
‘‘(1) $100,000 multiplied by the number of 
congressional districts in the State with re-spect to which such candidate is running for office; or 
‘‘(2) the amount determined by the Com-
mission under section 531. 
‘‘(d) U
SE.— 
‘‘(1) E XCLUSIVE USE .—Vouchers disbursed 
by the Commission under this section may be used only for the purchase of broadcast airtime for political advertisements relating to a general election for the office of Senate by the participating candidate to which the vouchers were disbursed, except that— 
‘‘(A) a candidate may exchange vouchers 
with a political party under paragraph (2); and ‘‘(B) a political party may use vouchers 
only to purchase broadcast airtime for polit-ical advertisements for generic party adver-tising (as defined by the Commission in regu-lations), to support candidates for State or local office in a general election, or to sup-port participating candidates of the party in a general election for Federal office, but only if it discloses the value of the voucher used as an expenditure under section 315(d). 
‘‘(2) E
XCHANGE WITH POLITICAL PARTY COM -
MITTEE .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—A participating can-
didate who receives a voucher under this sec-tion may transfer the right to use all or a portion of the value of the voucher to a com-mittee of the political party of which the in-dividual is a candidate (or, in the case of a participating candidate who is not a member of any political party, to a committee of the political party of that candidate’s choice) in exchange for money in an amount equal to the cash value of the voucher or portion ex-changed. 
‘‘(B) C
ONTINUATION OF CANDIDATE OBLIGA -
TIONS .—The transfer of a voucher, in whole 
or in part, to a political party committee under this paragraph does not release the candidate from any obligation under the agreement made under subsection (b) or oth-erwise modify that agreement or its applica-tion to that candidate. 
‘‘(C) P
ARTY COMMITTEE OBLIGATIONS .—Any 
political party committee to which a vouch-er or portion thereof is transferred under subparagraph (A)— 
‘‘(i) shall account fully, in accordance with 
such requirements as the Commission may establish, for the receipt of the voucher; and 
‘‘(ii) may not use the transferred voucher 
or portion thereof for any purpose other than a purpose described in paragraph (1)(B). 
‘‘(D) V
OUCHER AS A CONTRIBUTION UNDER  
FECA .—If a candidate transfers a voucher or 
any portion thereof to a political party com-mittee under subparagraph (A)— 
‘‘(i) the value of the voucher or portion 
thereof transferred shall be treated as a con-tribution from the candidate to the com-mittee, and from the committee to the can-didate, for purposes of sections 302 and 304; 
‘‘(ii) the committee may, in exchange, pro-
vide to the candidate only funds subject to 
the prohibitions, limitations, and reporting requirements of title III of this Act; and 
‘‘(iii) the amount, if identified as a ‘vouch-
er exchange’, shall not be considered a con-tribution for the purposes of sections 315 and 513. 
‘‘(e) V
ALUE ; ACCEPTANCE ; REDEMPTION .— 
‘‘(1) V OUCHER .—Each voucher disbursed by 
the Commission under this section shall have a value in dollars, redeemable upon presentation to the Commission, together with such documentation and other informa-tion as the Commission may require, for the purchase of broadcast airtime for political advertisements in accordance with this sec-tion. 
‘‘(2) A
CCEPTANCE .—A broadcasting station 
shall accept vouchers in payment for the purchase of broadcast airtime for political advertisements in accordance with this sec-tion. 
‘‘(3) R
EDEMPTION .—The Commission shall 
redeem vouchers accepted by broadcasting stations under paragraph (2) upon presen-tation, subject to such documentation, verification, accounting, and application re-quirements as the Commission may impose to ensure the accuracy and integrity of the voucher redemption system. 
‘‘(4) E
XPIRATION .— 
‘‘(A) C ANDIDATES .—A voucher may only be 
used to pay for broadcast airtime for polit-ical advertisements to be broadcast before midnight on the day before the date of the Federal election in connection with which it was issued and shall be null and void for any 
other use or purpose. 
‘‘(B) E
XCEPTION FOR POLITICAL PARTY COM -
MITTEES .—A voucher held by a political 
party committee may be used to pay for broadcast airtime for political advertise-ments to be broadcast before midnight on December 31st of the odd-numbered year fol-lowing the year in which the voucher was issued by the Commission. 
‘‘(5) V
OUCHER AS EXPENDITURE UNDER  
FECA .—The use of a voucher to purchase 
broadcast airtime constitutes an expenditure as defined in section 301(9)(A). 
‘‘(f) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
‘‘(1) B ROADCASTING STATION .—The term 
‘broadcasting station’ has the meaning given that term by section 315(f)(1) of the Commu-nications Act of 1934. 
‘‘(2) P
OLITICAL PARTY .—The term ‘political 
party’ means a major party or a minor party as defined in section 9002 (3) or (4) of the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 (26 U.S.C. 9002 (3) or (4)). 
‘‘Subtitle D—Administrative Provisions 
‘‘SEC. 531. FAIR ELECTIONS OVERSIGHT BOARD. 
‘‘(a) E STABLISHMENT .—There is established 
within the Federal Election Commission an entity to be known as the ‘Fair Elections Oversight Board’. 
‘‘(b) S
TRUCTURE AND MEMBERSHIP .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Board shall be com-
posed of 5 members appointed by the Presi-dent by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, of whom— 
‘‘(A) 2 shall be appointed after consultation 
with the majority leader of the Senate; 
‘‘(B) 2 shall be appointed after consultation 
with the minority leader of the Senate; and 
‘‘(C) 1 shall be appointed upon the rec-
ommendation of the members appointed under subparagraphs (A) and (B). 
‘‘(2) Q
UALIFICATIONS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The members shall be 
individuals who are nonpartisan and, by rea-son of their education, experience, and at-tainments, exceptionally qualified to per-form the duties of members of the Board. 
‘‘(B) P
ROHIBITION .—No member of the 
Board may be— 
‘‘(i) an employee of the Federal Govern-
ment; 
‘‘(ii) a registered lobbyist; or ‘‘(iii) an officer or employee of a political 
party or political campaign. 
‘‘(3) D
ATE.—Members of the Board shall be 
appointed not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
‘‘(4) T
ERMS .—A member of the Board shall 
be appointed for a term of 5 years. 
‘‘(5) V ACANCIES .—A vacancy on the Board 
shall be filled not later than 30 calendar days after the date on which the Board is given notice of the vacancy, in the same manner as the original appointment. The individual ap-pointed to fill the vacancy shall serve only for the unexpired portion of the term for which the individual’s predecessor was ap-pointed. 
‘‘(6) C
HAIRPERSON .—The Board shall des-
ignate a Chairperson from among the mem-bers of the Board. 
‘‘(c) D
UTIES AND POWERS .— 
‘‘(1) A DMINISTRATION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Board shall have 
such duties and powers as the Commission may prescribe, including the power to ad-minister the provisions of this title. 
‘‘(2) R
EVIEW OF FAIR ELECTIONS FINANCING .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—After each general elec-
tion for Federal office, the Board shall con-duct a comprehensive review of the Fair Elections financing program under this title, including— 
‘‘(i) the maximum dollar amount of quali-
fied small dollar contributions under section 501(11); 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:37 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JN6.005 S10JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4029 June 10, 2015 
‘‘(ii) the maximum and minimum dollar 
amounts for qualifying contributions under section 501(10); 
‘‘(iii) the number and value of qualifying 
contributions a candidate is required to ob-tain under section 512 to qualify for alloca-tions from the Fund; 
‘‘(iv) the amount of allocations from the 
Fund that candidates may receive under sec-tion 522; 
‘‘(v) the maximum amount of matching 
contributions a candidate may receive under section 523; 
‘‘(vi) the amount and usage of vouchers 
under section 524; 
‘‘(vii) the overall satisfaction of partici-
pating candidates and the American public with the program; and 
‘‘(viii) such other matters relating to fi-
nancing of Senate campaigns as the Board determines are appropriate. 
‘‘(B) C
RITERIA FOR REVIEW .—In conducting 
the review under subparagraph (A), the Board shall consider the following: 
‘‘(i) Q
UALIFYING CONTRIBUTIONS AND QUALI -
FIED SMALL DOLLAR CONTRIBUTIONS .—The 
Board shall consider whether the number and dollar amount of qualifying contribu-tions required and maximum dollar amount for such qualifying contributions and quali-fied small dollar contributions strikes a bal-ance regarding the importance of voter in-volvement, the need to assure adequate in-centives for participating, and fiscal respon-sibility, taking into consideration the num-ber of primary and general election partici-pating candidates, the electoral performance of those candidates, program cost, and any other information the Board determines is appropriate. 
‘‘(ii) R
EVIEW OF PROGRAM BENEFITS .—The 
Board shall consider whether the totality of the amount of funds allowed to be raised by participating candidates (including through qualifying contributions and small dollar contributions), allocations from the Fund under section 522, matching contributions under section 523, and vouchers under sec-tion 524 are sufficient for voters in each State to learn about the candidates to cast an informed vote, taking into account the historic amount of spending by winning can-didates, media costs, primary election dates, and any other information the Board deter-mines is appropriate. 
‘‘(C) A
DJUSTMENT OF AMOUNTS .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—Based on the review con-
ducted under subparagraph (A), the Board shall provide for the adjustments of the fol-lowing amounts: 
‘‘(I) the maximum dollar amount of quali-
fied small dollar contributions under section 501(11)(C); 
‘‘(II) the maximum and minimum dollar 
amounts for qualifying contributions under section 501(10)(A); 
‘‘(III) the number and value of qualifying 
contributions a candidate is required to ob-tain under section 512(a)(1); 
‘‘(IV) the base amount for candidates under 
section 522(d); 
‘‘(V) the maximum amount of matching 
contributions a candidate may receive under section 523(b); and 
‘‘(VI) the dollar amount for vouchers under 
section 524(c). 
‘‘(ii) R
EGULATIONS .—The Commission shall 
promulgate regulations providing for the ad-justments made by the Board under clause (i). 
‘‘(D) R
EPORT .—Not later than March 30 fol-
lowing any general election for Federal of-fice, the Board shall submit a report to Con-gress on the review conducted under para-graph (1). Such report shall contain a de-tailed statement of the findings, conclusions, and recommendations of the Board based on such review. ‘‘(d) M
EETINGS AND HEARINGS .— 
‘‘(1) M EETINGS .—The Board may hold such 
hearings, sit and act at such times and places, take such testimony, and receive such evidence as the Board considers advis-able to carry out the purposes of this Act. 
‘‘(2) Q
UORUM .—Three members of the Board 
shall constitute a quorum for purposes of voting, but a quorum is not required for members to meet and hold hearings. 
‘‘(e) R
EPORTS .—Not later than March 30, 
2018, and every 2 years thereafter, the Board shall submit to the Senate Committee on Rules and Administration a report docu-menting, evaluating, and making rec-ommendations relating to the administra-tive implementation and enforcement of the provisions of this title. 
‘‘(f) A
DMINISTRATION .— 
‘‘(1) C OMPENSATION OF MEMBERS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Each member, other 
than the Chairperson, shall be paid at a rate equal to the daily equivalent of the min-imum annual rate of basic pay prescribed for level IV of the Executive Schedule under sec-tion 5315 of title 5, United States Code. 
‘‘(B) C
HAIRPERSON .—The Chairperson shall 
be paid at a rate equal to the daily equiva-lent of the minimum annual rate of basic pay prescribed for level III of the Executive Schedule under section 5314 of title 5, United States Code. 
‘‘(2) P
ERSONNEL .— 
‘‘(A) D IRECTOR .—The Board shall have a 
staff headed by an Executive Director. The Executive Director shall be paid at a rate equivalent to a rate established for the Sen-ior Executive Service under section 5382 of title 5, United States Code. 
‘‘(B) S
TAFF APPOINTMENT .—With the ap-
proval of the Chairperson, the Executive Di-rector may appoint such personnel as the Ex-ecutive Director and the Board determines to be appropriate. 
‘‘(C) A
CTUARIAL EXPERTS AND CONSULT -
ANTS .—With the approval of the Chairperson, 
the Executive Director may procure tem-porary and intermittent services under sec-tion 3109(b) of title 5, United States Code. 
‘‘(D) D
ETAIL OF GOVERNMENT EMPLOYEES .— 
Upon the request of the Chairperson, the head of any Federal agency may detail, with-out reimbursement, any of the personnel of such agency to the Board to assist in car-rying out the duties of the Board. Any such detail shall not interrupt or otherwise affect the civil service status or privileges of the Federal employee. 
‘‘(E) O
THER RESOURCES .—The Board shall 
have reasonable access to materials, re-sources, statistical data, and other informa-tion from the Library of Congress and other agencies of the executive and legislative branches of the Federal Government. The Chairperson of the Board shall make re-quests for such access in writing when nec-essary. 
‘‘(g) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
There are authorized to be appropriated such sums as are necessary to carry out the pur-poses of this subtitle. 
‘‘SEC. 532. ADMINISTRATION PROVISIONS. 
‘‘The Commission shall prescribe regula-
tions to carry out the purposes of this title, including regulations— 
‘‘(1) to establish procedures for— ‘‘(A) verifying the amount of valid quali-
fying contributions with respect to a can-didate; 
‘‘(B) effectively and efficiently monitoring 
and enforcing the limits on the raising of qualified small dollar contributions; 
‘‘(C) monitoring the raising of qualifying 
multicandidate political committee con-tributions through effectively and efficiently monitoring and enforcing the limits on indi-vidual contributions to qualified accounts of multicandidate political committees; ‘‘(D) effectively and efficiently monitoring 
and enforcing the limits on the use of per-sonal funds by participating candidates; 
‘‘(E) monitoring the use of allocations 
from the Fund and matching contributions under this title through audits or other mechanisms; and 
‘‘(F) the administration of the voucher pro-
gram under section 524; and 
‘‘(2) regarding the conduct of debates in a 
manner consistent with the best practices of States that provide public financing for elec-tions. 
‘‘SEC. 533. VIOLATIONS AND PENALTIES. 
‘‘(a) C IVILPENALTY FOR VIOLATION OF CON-
TRIBUTION AND EXPENDITURE REQUIRE -
MENTS .—If a candidate who has been cer-
tified as a participating candidate under sec-tion 515(a) accepts a contribution or makes an expenditure that is prohibited under sec-tion 513, the Commission shall assess a civil penalty against the candidate in an amount that is not more than 3 times the amount of 
the contribution or expenditure. Any amounts collected under this subsection shall be deposited into the Fund. 
‘‘(b) R
EPAYMENT FOR IMPROPER USE OF FAIR 
ELECTIONS FUND.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—If the Commission deter-
mines that any benefit made available to a participating candidate under this title was not used as provided for in this title or that a participating candidate has violated any of the dates for remission of funds contained in this title, the Commission shall so notify the candidate and the candidate shall pay to the Fund an amount equal to— 
‘‘(A) the amount of benefits so used or not 
remitted, as appropriate; and 
‘‘(B) interest on any such amounts (at a 
rate determined by the Commission). 
‘‘(2) O
THER ACTION NOT PRECLUDED .—Any 
action by the Commission in accordance with this subsection shall not preclude en-forcement proceedings by the Commission in accordance with section 309(a), including a referral by the Commission to the Attorney General in the case of an apparent knowing and willful violation of this title.’’. 
SEC. 103. PROHIBITION ON JOINT FUNDRAISING 
COMMITTEES. 
Section 302(e) of the Federal Election Cam-
paign Act of 1971 (52 U.S.C. 30102(e)) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: 
‘‘(6) No authorized committee of a partici-
pating candidate (as defined in section 501) may establish a joint fundraising committee with a political committee other than an au-thorized committee of a candidate.’’. 
SEC. 104. EXCEPTION TO LIMITATION ON CO-
ORDINATED EXPENDITURES BY PO-LITICAL PARTY COMMITTEES WITH PARTICIPATING CANDIDATES. 
Section 315(d) of the Federal Election Cam-
paign Act of 1971 (52 U.S.C. 30116(d)) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (3)(A), by striking ‘‘in the 
case of’’ and inserting ‘‘except as provided in paragraph (5), in the case of’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following new 
paragraph: 
‘‘(6)(A) The limitation under paragraph 
(3)(A) shall not apply with respect to any ex-penditure from a qualified political party- participating candidate coordinated expendi-ture fund. 
‘‘(B) In this paragraph, the term ‘qualified 
political party-participating candidate co-ordinated expenditure fund’ means a fund es-tablished by the national committee of a po-litical party, or a State committee of a po-litical party, including any subordinate com-mittee of a State committee, for purposes of making expenditures in connection with the general election campaign of a candidate for election to the office of Senator who is a par-ticipating candidate (as defined in section 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:37 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JN6.005 S10JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4030 June 10, 2015 
501), that only accepts qualified coordinated 
expenditure contributions. 
‘‘(C) In this paragraph, the term ‘qualified 
coordinated expenditure contribution’ means, with respect to the general election campaign of a candidate for election to the office of Senator who is a participating can-didate (as defined in section 501), any con-tribution (or series of contributions)— 
‘‘(i) which is made by an individual who is 
not prohibited from making a contribution under this Act; and 
‘‘(ii) the aggregate amount of which does 
not exceed $500 per election.’’. 
TITLE II—IMPROVING VOTER 
INFORMATION 
SEC. 201. BROADCASTS RELATING TO ALL SEN-
ATE CANDIDATES. 
(a) L OWEST UNITCHARGE ; NATIONAL COM-
MITTEES .—Section 315(b)(1) of the Commu-
nications Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 315(b)(1)) is amended— 
(1) in the matter preceding subparagraph 
(A), by striking ‘‘to such office’’ and insert-ing the following: ‘‘to such office, or by a na-tional committee of a political party on be-half of such candidate in connection with such campaign,’’; and 
(2) in subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘for 
preemptible use thereof’’ after ‘‘station’’. 
(b) P
REEMPTION ; AUDITS .—Section 315 of 
the Communications Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 315) is amended— 
(1) by redesignating subsections (c) and (d) 
as subsections (f) and (g), respectively and moving them to follow the existing sub-section (e); 
(2) by redesignating the existing subsection 
(e) as subsection (c); and 
(3) by inserting after subsection (c) (as re-
designated by paragraph (2)) the following: 
‘‘(d) P
REEMPTION .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
paragraph (2), and notwithstanding the re-quirements of subsection (b)(1)(A), a licensee shall not preempt the use of a broadcasting station by a legally qualified candidate for Senate who has purchased and paid for such use. 
‘‘(2) C
IRCUMSTANCES BEYOND CONTROL OF LI -
CENSEE .—If a program to be broadcast by a 
broadcasting station is preempted because of circumstances beyond the control of the sta-tion, any candidate or party advertising spot scheduled to be broadcast during that pro-gram shall be treated in the same fashion as a comparable commercial advertising spot. 
‘‘(e) A
UDITS .—During the 30-day period pre-
ceding a primary election and the 60-day pe-riod preceding a general election, the Com-mission shall conduct such audits as it deems necessary to ensure that each broad-caster to which this section applies is allo-cating television broadcast advertising time in accordance with this section and section 312.’’. 
(c) R
EVOCATION OF LICENSE FOR FAILURE TO 
PERMIT ACCESS .—Section 312(a)(7) of the 
Communications Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 312(a)(7)) is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘or repeated’’; (2) by inserting ‘‘or cable system’’ after 
‘‘broadcasting station’’; and 
(3) by striking ‘‘his candidacy’’ and insert-
ing ‘‘the candidacy of the candidate, under the same terms, conditions, and business practices as apply to the most favored adver-tiser of the licensee’’. 
(d) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS .—Section 315 of the Communications 
Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 315) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (f), as redesignated by 
subsection (b)(1)— 
(A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), 
by striking ‘‘For purposes of this section—’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘D
EFINITIONS .— 
For purposes of this section:’’; (B) in paragraph (1)— 
(i) by striking ‘‘the term’’ and inserting 
‘‘BROADCASTING STATION .—The term’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a pe-
riod; and 
(C) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘the 
terms’’ and inserting ‘‘L ICENSEE ; STATION LI -
CENSEE .—The terms’’; and 
(2) in subsection (g), as redesignated by 
subsection (b)(1), by striking ‘‘The Commis-sion’’ and inserting ‘‘R
EGULATIONS .—The 
Commission’’. 
SEC. 202. BROADCAST RATES FOR PARTICI-
PATING CANDIDATES. 
Section 315(b) of the Communications Act 
of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 315(b)), as amended by sec-tion 201, is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1)(A), by striking ‘‘para-
graph (2)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraphs (2) and (3)’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) P
ARTICIPATING CANDIDATES .—In the 
case of a participating candidate (as defined in section 501(9) of the Federal Election Cam-paign Act of 1971), the charges made for the use of any broadcasting station for a tele-vision broadcast shall not exceed 80 percent of the lowest charge described in paragraph (1)(A) during— 
‘‘(A) the 45 days preceding the date of a 
primary or primary runoff election in which the candidate is opposed; and 
‘‘(B) the 60 days preceding the date of a 
general or special election in which the can-didate is opposed. 
‘‘(4) R
ATE CARDS .—A licensee shall provide 
to a candidate for Senate a rate card that discloses— 
‘‘(A) the rate charged under this sub-
section; and 
‘‘(B) the method that the licensee uses to 
determine the rate charged under this sub-section.’’. 
SEC. 203. FCC TO PRESCRIBE STANDARDIZED 
FORM FOR REPORTING CANDIDATE CAMPAIGN ADS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 90 days 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the 
Federal Communications Commission shall initiate a rulemaking proceeding to estab-lish a standardized form to be used by each broadcasting station, as defined in section 315(f) of the Communications Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 315(f)) (as redesignated by section 201(b)(1)), to record and report the purchase of advertising time by or on behalf of a can-didate for nomination for election, or for election, to Federal elective office. 
(b) C
ONTENTS .—The form prescribed by the 
Commission under subsection (a) shall re-quire a broadcasting station to report to the Commission and to the Federal Election Commission, at a minimum— 
(1) the station call letters and mailing ad-
dress; 
(2) the name and telephone number of the 
station’s sales manager (or individual with responsibility for advertising sales); 
(3) the name of the candidate who pur-
chased the advertising time, or on whose be-half the advertising time was purchased, and the Federal elective office for which he or she is a candidate; 
(4) the name, mailing address, and tele-
phone number of the person responsible for purchasing broadcast political advertising for the candidate; 
(5) notation as to whether the purchase 
agreement for which the information is being reported is a draft or final version; and 
(6) with respect to the advertisement— (A) the date and time of the broadcast; (B) the program in which the advertise-
ment was broadcast; and 
(C) the length of the broadcast airtime. 
(c) I
NTERNET ACCESS .—In its rulemaking 
under subsection (a), the Commission shall require any broadcasting station required to file a report under this section that main-
tains an Internet website to make available a link to each such report on that website. 
TITLE III—RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE 
FEDERAL ELECTION COMMISSION 
SEC. 301. PETITION FOR CERTIORARI. 
Section 307(a)(6) of the Federal Election 
Campaign Act of 1971 (52 U.S.C. 30107(a)(6)) is amended by inserting ‘‘(including a pro-ceeding before the Supreme Court on certio-rari)’’ after ‘‘appeal’’. 
SEC. 302. FILING BY SENATE CANDIDATES WITH 
COMMISSION. 
Section 302(g) of the Federal Election Cam-
paign Act of 1971 (52 U.S.C. 30102(g)) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(g) F
ILING WITH THE COMMISSION .—All des-
ignations, statements, and reports required to be filed under this Act shall be filed with the Commission.’’. 
SEC. 303. ELECTRONIC FILING OF FEC REPORTS. 
Section 304(a)(11) of the Federal Election 
Campaign Act of 1971 (52 U.S.C. 30104(a)(11)) is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘under 
this Act—’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘under this Act shall be required to main-tain and file such designation, statement, or report in electronic form accessible by com-puters.’’; 
(2) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘48 
hours’’ and all that follows through ‘‘filed electronically)’’ and inserting ‘‘24 hours’’; and 
(3) by striking subparagraph (D). 
TITLE IV—PARTICIPATION IN FUNDING 
OF ELECTIONS 
SEC. 401. REFUNDABLE TAX CREDIT FOR SENATE 
CAMPAIGN CONTRIBUTIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subpart C of part IV of 
subchapter A of chapter 1 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (relating to refundable credits) is amended by inserting after section 36B the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 36C. CREDIT FOR SENATE CAMPAIGN CON-
TRIBUTIONS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—In the case of an indi-
vidual, there shall be allowed as a credit against the tax imposed by this subtitle an amount equal to 50 percent of the qualified My Voice Federal Senate campaign contribu-tions paid or incurred by the taxpayer during the taxable year. 
‘‘(b) L
IMITATIONS .— 
‘‘(1) D OLLAR LIMITATION .—The amount of 
qualified My Voice Federal Senate campaign contributions taken into account under sub-section (a) for the taxable year shall not ex-ceed $50 (twice such amount in the case of a joint return). 
‘‘(2) L
IMITATION ON CONTRIBUTIONS TO FED -
ERAL SENATE CANDIDATES .—No credit shall be 
allowed under this section to any taxpayer for any taxable year if such taxpayer made aggregate contributions in excess of $300 dur-ing the taxable year to— 
‘‘(A) any single Federal Senate candidate, 
or 
‘‘(B) any political committee established 
and maintained by a national political party. 
‘‘(3) P
ROVISION OF INFORMATION .—No credit 
shall be allowed under this section to any taxpayer unless the taxpayer provides the Secretary with such information as the Sec-retary may require to verify the taxpayer’s eligibility for the credit and the amount of the credit for the taxpayer. 
‘‘(c) Q
UALIFIED MYVOICE FEDERAL SENATE  
CONTRIBUTIONS .—For purposes of this sec-
tion, the term ‘My Voice Federal Senate campaign contribution’ means any contribu-tion of cash by an individual to a Federal Senate candidate or to a political committee established and maintained by a national po-litical party if such contribution is not pro-hibited under the Federal Election Campaign Act of 1971. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:37 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JN6.005 S10JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4031 June 10, 2015 
‘‘(d) F EDERAL SENATE CANDIDATE .—For 
purposes of this section— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The term ‘Federal Sen-
ate candidate’ means any candidate for elec-tion to the office of Senator. 
‘‘(2) T
REATMENT OF AUTHORIZED COMMIT -
TEES.—Any contribution made to an author-
ized committee of a Federal Senate can-didate shall be treated as made to such can-didate. 
‘‘(e) I
NFLATION ADJUSTMENT .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—In the case of a taxable 
year beginning after 2018, the $50 amount under subsection (b)(1) shall be increased by an amount equal to— 
‘‘(A) such dollar amount, multiplied by ‘‘(B) the cost-of-living adjustment deter-
mined under section 1(f)(3) for the calendar year in which the taxable year begins, deter-mined by substituting ‘calendar year 2017’ for ‘calendar year 1992’ in subparagraph (B) thereof. 
‘‘(2) R
OUNDING .—If any amount as adjusted 
under subparagraph (A) is not a multiple of $5, such amount shall be rounded to the near-est multiple of $5.’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— 
(1) Section 6211(b)(4)(A) of such Code is 
amended by inserting ‘‘36C,’’ after ‘‘36B,’’. 
(2) Section 1324(b)(2) of title 31, United 
States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘36C,’’ after ‘‘36B,’’. 
(3) The table of sections for subpart C of 
part IV of subchapter A of chapter 1 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 36B the following new item: 
‘‘Sec. 36C. Credit for Senate campaign con-
tributions.’’. 
(c) F
ORMS .—The Secretary of the Treasury, 
or his designee, shall ensure that the credit for contributions to Federal Senate can-didates allowed under section 36C of the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986, as added by this section, may be claimed on Forms 1040EZ and 1040A. 
(d) A
DMINISTRATION .—At the request of the 
Secretary of the Treasury, the Federal Elec-tion Commission shall provide the Secretary of the Treasury with such information and other assistance as the Secretary may rea-sonably require to administer the credit al-lowed under section 36C of the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986, as added by this section. 
(e) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
TITLE V—REVENUE PROVISIONS 
SEC. 501. FAIR ELECTIONS FUND REVENUE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986 is amended by inserting after chapter 36 the following new chapter: 
‘‘CHAPTER 37—TAX ON PAYMENTS PURSU-
ANT TO CERTAIN GOVERNMENT CON-TRACTS 
‘‘Sec. 4501. Imposition of tax. 
‘‘SEC. 4501. IMPOSITION OF TAX. 
‘‘(a) T AXIMPOSED .—There is hereby im-
posed on any payment made to a qualified person pursuant to a contract with the Gov-ernment of the United States a tax equal to 0.50 percent of the amount paid. 
‘‘(b) L
IMITATION .—The aggregate amount of 
tax imposed under subsection (a) for any cal-endar year shall not exceed $500,000. 
‘‘(c) Q
UALIFIED PERSON .—For purposes of 
this section, the term ‘qualified person’ means any person which— 
‘‘(1) is not a State or local government, a 
foreign nation, or an organization described in section 501(c)(3) which is exempt from tax-ation under section 501(a), and 
‘‘(2) has contracts with the Government of 
the United States with a value in excess of $10,000,000. 
‘‘(d) P
AYMENT OF TAX.—The tax imposed by 
this section shall be paid by the person re-ceiving such payment. ‘‘(e) U
SE OF REVENUE GENERATED BY TAX.— 
It is the sense of the Senate that amounts equivalent to the revenue generated by the tax imposed under this chapter should be ap-propriated for the financing of a Fair Elec-tions Fund and used for the public financing of Senate elections.’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of 
chapters of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by inserting after the item relat-ing to chapter 36 the following: 
‘‘C
HAPTER 37—T AX ON PAYMENTS PURSUANT  
TOCERTAIN GOVERNMENT CONTRACTS ’’. 
(c) E FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall apply to contracts entered into after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
TITLE VI—MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS 
SEC. 601. SEVERABILITY. 
If any provision of this Act or amendment 
made by this Act, or the application of a pro-vision or amendment to any person or cir-cumstance, is held to be unconstitutional, the remainder of this Act and amendments made by this Act, and the application of the provisions and amendment to any person or circumstance, shall not be affected by the holding. 
SEC. 602. EFFECTIVE DATE. 
Except as otherwise provided for in this 
Act, this Act and the amendments made by this Act shall take effect on January 1, 2018. 
By Mr. WHITEHOUSE (for him-
self and Mr. S CHATZ ): 
S. 1548. A bill to amend the Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for car-bon dioxide and other greenhouse gas emission fees, reduce the rate of the corporate income tax, provide tax cred-its to workers, deliver additional bene-fits to retired and disabled Americans, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Finance. 
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, I 
rise this evening to introduce, along with my lead cosponsor, Senator S
CHATZ of Hawaii, the American Oppor-
tunity Carbon Fee Act of 2015. 
We announced this legislation this 
afternoon at an event hosted by the American Enterprise Institute, and I want to thank the American Enter-prise Institute for their hospitality. I think their interest in this idea clearly reflects the difference between core conservative economic principles and simply being pushed around by the hec-toring of the fossil fuel industry. There is a difference between the two, and this bill meets legitimate conservative economic principles. 
I will start by saying the obvious, 
which is that climate change is real. It is virtually universal in peer-reviewed science that climate change is real, that carbon pollution from burning fos-sil fuels is causing unprecedented cli-mate and oceanic changes. Every major scientific society in our country has said so. Our brightest scientists at NOAA and at NASA are unequivocal. The fundamental science of climate change is, indeed, settled. 
In the details of local application and 
the extent to which a particular storm is caused by or exacerbated by climate change, in the vagaries of prediction about how things are going to be 10 or 15 years out at those margins, yes— there is always room for conversation and debate at the margins, but the core 
science of climate change is beyond le-gitimate debate. It is known science, like debating gravity. 
Americans get it. In poll after poll, 
Americans understand that climate change is real, know that humans are the cause, and want their government to do something about it. 
Climate change is not our only na-
tional challenge. The Federal Tax Code, for example, is a mess, with one of the highest corporate tax rates in the developed world, while some take advantage of loopholes to pay far less than others and, indeed, some pay nothing at all. We have an economic recovery that has left far too many Americans behind, and we have a job market that has still not fully re-bounded. 
What if our answer to climate change 
helped address those other concerns as well? What if that approach was firmly grounded in core conservative eco-nomic principles, values such as prop-erty rights, market efficiency, and per-sonal liberty? 
Aparna Mathur of the free-market 
think tank the American Enterprise Institute conducted an analysis with a colleague from the Brookings Institu-tion showing that a carbon fee could reduce emissions, shore up the coun-try’s fiscal outlook, and play an impor-tant part in broader tax reform. AEI’s Kevin Hassett, Steven Hayward, and Kenneth Greene have pointed out that a carbon fee could obviate some envi-ronmental regulations. The idea behind it is extremely simple. You levy a price on the thing you don’t want—carbon pollution—and you use the revenue to help with things you do want. 
Whether they are called neighbor-
hood effects or negative externalities, the effects of carbon pollution harm us all. Conservative economist Milton Friedman wrote that the government exists in part to reduce such harms. When the costs of such externalities don’t get factored into the price of a product, conservative economic doc-trine—indeed, all economic doctrine— classifies that as a subsidy—a market failure. Right now for fossil fuel pro-ducers, that subsidy is immense, giving them artificial advantage over cleaner energy sources. The International Mon-etary Fund just postulated that the an-nual subsidy just in America to the fos-sil fuel industry is $700 billion. We tend to talk around here in budget cycles of 10 years. That means it is $7 trillion in a budget cycle. That is a subsidy, all right. 
A carbon fee can repair that market 
failure by incorporating unpriced dam-age into the costs of fossil fuels. Then the free market—not industry, not gov-ernment—can drive the best energy mix for the country, with everyone competing on level ground. 
That is how Nixon’s Treasury Sec-
retary and Reagan’s Secretary of State George Shultz sees it. He and the late Nobel laureate Gary S. Becker made the case for a carbon fee in the Wall Street Journal. They wrote: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:37 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JN6.005 S10JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4032 June 10, 2015 
Americans like to compete on a level play-
ing field. All players should have an equal opportunity to win based on their competi-tive merits, not on some artificial imbalance that gives someone or some group a special advantage. 
Such as a $700 billion-a-year special 
advantage. 
Just last week, even the CEOs of Eu-
rope’s major oil companies called on governments to institute national prices on carbon. 
This could be a big economic win. 
George W. Bush’s Treasury Secretary Hank Paulson said, ‘‘A tax on carbon emissions will unleash a wave of inno-vation to develop technologies, lower the costs of clean energy, and create jobs, as we and other nations develop new energy products and infrastruc-ture.’’ 
It is in that spirit that I am intro-
ducing the American Opportunity Car-bon Fee Act—a framework I hope both Republicans and Democrats can em-brace. The bill would establish an econ-omy-wide carbon fee on carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gas emissions. The fee would be assessed way up-stream where it is easiest to admin-ister, minimizing the universe of tax-payers and the compliance burden—at the coal mine, at the natural gas proc-essing station, and at the petroleum re-finery. 
Other sources of greenhouse gas 
emissions would be charged at existing reporting requirements that are rate tied to the carbon dioxide equivalency of each gas. Fluorocarbons are assessed at a special rate that accounts for their high greenhouse potency. Sequestering, utilizing, or encapsulating carbon diox-ide earns you a credit. 
My bill sets the fee per ton of carbon 
emitted at $45 for 2016. That is the cen-tral range of the social cost of carbon as estimated by the Office of Manage-ment and Budget. That fee would in-crease each year at a real 2 percent. When emissions fall 80 percent below 2005 levels, the annual adjustment falls to inflation. 
Border adjustments for the trade of 
energy-intensive goods include tariffs on such goods imported from countries with weaker or no carbon pricing—to make sure we protect our industries at home—and rebates for U.S. exporters of energy-intensive goods. We took care to design the border adjustments to achieve harmony with World Trade Or-ganization rules. 
According to the nonpartisan group 
Resources for the Future, this carbon fee proposal would reduce U.S. CO
2 
emissions by more than 40 percent by 2025. 
In addition to the environmental 
benefits, of course, a carbon fee also generates revenue. In this case, it would generate over $2 trillion in rev-enue over 10 years. We intend to return every dime of that to the American people. Here is how. 
First, the bill lowers the top mar-
ginal corporate income tax rate from 35 percent to 29 percent. This would cut American corporate taxes by almost 
$600 billion over the first decade. 
Second, it provides workers with a 
$500 refundable tax credit—$1,000 for a couple—to offset the first $500 paid each year in Social Security payroll taxes. The credit would grow with in-flation. The tax credits would return over $750 billion to American house-holds over the first 10 years. 
Third, it would give benefits to So-
cial Security recipients, veterans pro-gram beneficiaries, and certain other groups of retirees at the same level as the tax credit. These benefits would total more than $400 billion over 10 years. 
Finally, the bill would establish a 
block grant for States, totalling $20 billion in 2016 and growing with infla-tion, to help with low-income needs, rural households, and transitioning workers. Governors in these States will know best what to do with the funds. In West Virginia, for example, they could use the money to transition coal workers into the technology jobs of the future or to shore up the beleaguered pension plans of coal miners. Rhode Is-land, on the other hand, might choose to make homes more energy efficient. And we have a reporting mechanism for the public to transparently track where the money is going to assure that it is all going back to the Amer-ican people. 
The entire bill is 37 pages long— 
short, simple, straightforward. It would cut back on the pollution that threatens dramatic changes to our home planet. It would cut taxes. It would end a grievous market distor-tion. It would start a wave of invest-ment and innovation. 
With this bill, Senator S
CHATZ and I 
extend an open hand, or as one Repub-lican former Congressman who cares about the climate change problem said: It extends an olive limb to conserv-atives everywhere. 
Whether you want to pursue tax re-
form or support the free market for en-ergy, or as Senator G
RAHAM suggested 
this week, honestly address the real ef-fects of climate change, this can be a vehicle. I hope my colleagues will agree with me that this is a discussion that we can continue. I look forward to trying to find a way forward that is better than simply ignoring this prob-lem, pretending that it does not exist, and sleepwalking through our moment in history. 
It is time to wake up. I have an at-
tachment here that summarizes some of the support from conservatives and business leaders for a carbon fee. I ask unanimous consent that this document be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
CONSERVATIVES AND BUSINESS LEADERS  
SUPPORT A CARBON FEE 
FORMER REPUBLICAN APPOINTEES  
‘‘A tax on carbon emissions will unleash a 
wave of innovation to develop technologies, lower the costs of clean energy and create jobs as we and other nations develop new en-
ergy products and infrastructure.’’—Henry M. Paulson, Treasury Secretary under Presi-dent George W Bush 
‘‘How can you possibly create a level play-
ing field? By taking a step that makes all forms of energy bear not only their imme-diate costs of energy, but also the costs of the pollution they emit . . . So my proposal is to have a revenue-neutral carbon tax.’’— George P. Schultz, Secretary of Labor under President Nixon, Treasury Secretary under Presidents Nixon and Ford, and Secretary of State under President Reagan 
‘‘A market-based approach, like a carbon 
tax, would be the best path to reducing greenhouse-gas emissions . . . Rather than argue against [President Obama’s] proposals, our leaders in Congress should endorse them and start the overdue debate about what big-ger steps are needed and how to achieve them.’’—William D. Ruckelshaus, EPA Ad-ministrator under Presidents Nixon and Reagan; Lee M. Thomas, EPA Administrator under President Reagan; William K. Reilly, EPA Administrator under President George H. W. Bush; and Christine Todd Whitman, EPA Administrator under President George W. Bush 
CONSERVATIVE MEMBERS OF CONGRESS  
‘‘I am no scientist, but I’ve traveled 
throughout the world with Senator McCain and others, and seen the effects of a warming planet. . . . I’ve been told by a lot of business leaders in South Carolina, ‘Senator Graham, once you price carbon in a reasonable way, this green economy that we’re hoping for really will begin to flourish.’’—Senator Lindsey Graham (R–SC) 
‘‘I wish we would just talk about a carbon 
tax, 100 percent of which would be returned to the American people.’’—Senator Bob Corker (R–TN) 
‘‘If there’s one economic axiom, it’s that if 
you want less of something, you tax it. Clearly, it’s in our interest to move away from carbon.’’— Senator Jeff Flake (R–AZ) 
‘‘We should eliminate all the subsidies. No 
more Solyndras. No more production tax credits for wind. No more credits for electric vehicles. No more special tax provisions for oil and gas. Level the playing field. The big challenge is reaching fellow conservatives and convincing them that the biggest sub-sidy of all may be to belch and burn into the trash dump in the sky—for free. That lack of accountability may be the biggest subsidy of them all.’’—former Representative Bob Ing-lis (R–SC) 
FORMER REPUBLICAN AIDES  
‘‘The scientists tell us that world tempera-
tures are rising because humans are emitting carbon into the atmosphere. Basic economics tells us that when you tax something, you normally get less of it. So if we want to re-duce global emissions of carbon, we need a global carbon tax.’’—N. Gregory Mankiw, economic advisor to Mitt Romney’s presi-dential campaign and Harvard economist 
Using a carbon tax to fund a payroll tax 
cut ‘‘would be very good for the economy and as an adjunct, it would reduce also carbon emissions into the environment.’’—Arthur B. Laffer, economic advisor to President Reagan 
‘‘Although a general carbon fuel tax is 
moot for the moment, the idea will not go away. If carbon dioxide emissions are to be reduced further in the U.S., such a tax will achieve the goal with less economic waste than new bureaucratic hurdles.’’—Martin Feldstein, former Chairman of President Reagan’s Council of Economic Advisors 
CONSERVATIVE THOUGHT -LEADERS AND  
ECONOMISTS  
[Why a carbon tax?] ‘‘First, it is a less ex-
pensive, more efficient and more effective 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:37 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10JN6.059 S10JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4033 June 10, 2015 
policy than the status quo. . . . Second, 
greenhouse gas emissions impose risk. . . . Third, it is the principled conservative posi-tion. Government’s role is to protect the rights to life, liberty, property and the pur-suit of happiness.’’—Jerry Taylor, former vice president at the Cato Institute and co-founder of the Niskanen Center 
‘‘We have a unique opportunity to end the 
rancorous debate about climate change, a de-bate that is poisoning the air—the political air, that is—and inhibiting progress on two fronts: progress on addressing the possibility that we are on the road to a catastrophic warming of the globe, and progress on re-forming our anti-growth tax structure, which is so inequitable that it is straining the public’s belief in the fairness of cap-italism and what we like to call ‘the Amer-ican Dream.’ All we need do is stop pre-tending that the cost of carbon emissions is certainly zero, and that regulation provides a more efficient solution than the Mar-ket.’’—Irwin M. Stelzer, senior fellow at the Hudson Institute 
CORPORATIONS  
This month, the top executives for six 
major oil and gas companies penned a letter to the United Nations Framework Conven-tion on Climate Change calling for a world-wide price on carbon: 
BP, Statoil, Shell, Eni SpA, Total, BG 
Group. 
Many other major companies have inte-
grated an ‘‘internal carbon fee’’ as part of their long-term financial planning. Compa-nies that have reportedly adopted an inter-nal carbon price include: 
Wal-Mart Stores; Delphi Automotive; 
Devon Energy Corporation; Total; Delta Air-lines; Jabil Circuit Inc.; American Electric Power Co.; Entergy Corporation; Xcel En-ergy Inc.; Microsoft; Chevron Corporation; Hess Corporation; Wells Fargo & Company; General Electric Company; E.I. du Pont de Nemours & Co.; CMS Energy Corporation; Integrys Energy Group; Walt Disney World; ConocoPhillips; Royal Dutch Shell; Cummins Inc.; Google Inc.; Ameren Corpora-tion; Duke Energy Corporation; PG&E Cor-poration. 
f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 198—COM-
MEMORATING THE 150TH ANNI-VERSARIES OF THE RATIFICA-TION OF THE 13TH, 14TH, AND 15TH AMENDMENTS TO THE CON-STITUTION OF THE UNITED STATES, OFTEN REFERRED TO AS THE ‘‘SECOND FOUNDING’’ OF THE UNITED STATES 
Mr. LEAHY (for himself and Mr. L
EE) 
submitted the following resolution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 198 
Whereas, in 1787, delegates from the origi-
nal 13 States gathered in Philadelphia to propose and ratify a new guiding charter, the Constitution of the United States, for the young republic; 
Whereas George Washington, James Madi-
son, and the other delegates managed to craft the most durable form of government in world history, one that provided for its own revision and, therefore, allowed future generations to continue to build a ‘‘more perfect Union’’; 
Whereas following the Civil War, President 
Lincoln and his generation did just that, ratifying a series of transformational amendments that gave the United States 
what Lincoln promised at Gettysburg, ‘‘a new birth of freedom’’; 
Whereas the Second Founding of the 
United States began in earnest on January 31, 1865, when Congress passed the 13th Amendment to the Constitution of the United States and sent it to the States for ratification; 
Whereas the next day, President Lincoln 
signed the 13th Amendment to the Constitu-tion of the United States, calling it a ‘‘King’s cure’’ for the evil of slavery; 
Whereas the people of the United States 
ratified the 13th Amendment to the Con-stitution of the United States on December 6, 1865, banning slavery and forced labor; 
Whereas the people of the United States 
next ratified the 14th Amendment to the Constitution of the United States on July 9, 1868, enshrining a host of new constitutional guarantees; 
Whereas the 14th Amendment to the Con-
stitution of the United States granted United States citizenship to everyone born on the soil of, and subject to the jurisdiction of, the United States, protected fundamental rights like free speech from State abuses, en-sured due process of law for the people of the United States, and guaranteed equality for all of the people of the United States; 
Whereas the people of the United States 
ratified the 15th Amendment to the Con-stitution of the United States on February 3, 1870, guaranteeing the right to vote free from racial discrimination; 
Whereas the ratification of this series of 
amendments truly constituted a ‘‘Second Founding’’ for the United States; and 
Whereas the 150th anniversary of the Sec-
ond Founding occurs over the course of the next 5 years: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate— 
(1) commemorates the 150th anniversaries 
of the ratification of the 13th, 14th, and 15th Amendments to the Constitution of the United States—the Second Founding of the United States; 
(2) designates the year of 2015 as the ‘‘Ses-
quicentennial of Our Nation’s Second Found-ing, New Birth of Freedom: Commemorating the Thirteenth, Fourteenth, and Fifteenth Amendments’’; 
(3) encourages State and local governments 
to join in the Sesquicentennial celebration by organizing appropriate ceremonies, ac-tivities, and educational outreach; and 
(4) encourages the people of the United 
States to explore the history and signifi-cance of the Second Founding and to cele-brate the continuing importance to our Con-stitution and to the United States of the 13th, 14th, and 15th Amendments to the Con-stitution of the United States. 
f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND 
PROPOSED 
SA 1974. Mr. M CCAIN (for himself and Mr. 
BLUNT ) submitted an amendment intended to 
be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to au-
thorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of De-fense, for military construction, and for de-fense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1975. Mr. FLAKE submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill 
H.R. 1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1976. Mr. KIRK (for himself and Mrs. 
G
ILLIBRAND ) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1977. Mr. WHITEHOUSE (for himself 
and Mrs. S HAHEEN ) submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 
1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1978. Mr. DONNELLY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1979. Mr. CARDIN (for himself, Mr. C
OR-
NYN, Ms. M IKULSKI , Mrs. S HAHEEN , and Mr. 
RUBIO) submitted an amendment intended to 
be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, supra; 
which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1980. Mr. M CCAIN (for himself and Mr. 
ISAKSON ) submitted an amendment intended 
to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 pro-posed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1981. Mr. REED submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill 
H.R. 1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1982. Mr. GARDNER (for himself and 
Mr. C
OONS ) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1983. Mr. CORKER (for himself and Mr. 
CARDIN ) submitted an amendment intended 
to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 pro-posed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1984. Ms. COLLINS submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1985. Mr. CORNYN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1986. Ms. AYOTTE (for Mr. K
IRK) pro-
posed an amendment to the bill H.R. 1735, supra. 
SA 1987. Mr. MURPHY (for himself, Mr. 
S
CHATZ , Mr. U DALL , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. 
HEINRICH , Mr. T ESTER , Mr. M ERKLEY , Ms. 
BALDWIN , and Mrs. B OXER ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1988. Mr. BLUNT (for himself and Mr. 
B
ROWN ) submitted an amendment intended 
to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 pro-posed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1989. Mr. COTTON submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1983 submitted by Mr. C
ORKER (for him-
self and Mr. C ARDIN ) and intended to be pro-
posed to the amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, supra; 
which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1990. Mr. COTTON submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1983 submitted by Mr. C
ORKER (for him-
self and Mr. C ARDIN ) and intended to be pro-
posed to the amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, supra; 
which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1991. Mr. SCHUMER submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1992. Mrs. FEINSTEIN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JN6.024 S10JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4034 June 10, 2015 
SA 1993. Mr. REED submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill 
H.R. 1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1994. Mrs. McCASKILL submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1995. Mr. BLUNT submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill 
H.R. 1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1996. Mr. VITTER submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill 
H.R. 1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS 
SA 1974. Mr. M CCAIN (for himself and 
Mr. B LUNT ) submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the 
bill H.R. 1735, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of De-fense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title XII, add 
the following: 
SEC. 1230. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON THE SECU-
RITY AND PROTECTION OF IRANIAN DISSIDENTS LIVING IN CAMP LIB-ERTY, IRAQ. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-
lowing findings: 
(1) The residents of Camp Liberty, Iraq, re-
nounced violence and unilaterally disarmed more than a decade ago. 
(2) The United States recognized the resi-
dents of the former Camp Ashraf who now re-side in Camp Liberty as ‘‘protected persons’’ under the Fourth Geneva Convention and committed itself to protect the residents. 
(3) The deterioration in the overall secu-
rity situation in Iraq has increased the vul-nerability of Camp Liberty residents to at-tacks from proxies of the Iranian Revolu-tionary Guards Corps and Sunni extremists associated with the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL). 
(4) The increased vulnerability underscores 
the need for an expedited relocation process and that these Iranian dissidents will neither be safe nor secure in Camp Liberty. 
(b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that the United States should— 
(1) take prompt and appropriate steps in 
accordance with international agreements to promote the physical security and protection of Camp Liberty residents; 
(2) urge the Government of Iraq to uphold 
its commitments to the United States to en-sure the safety and well-being of those living in Camp Liberty; 
(3) urge the Government of Iraq to ensure 
continued and reliable access to food, clean water, medical assistance, electricity and other energy needs, and any other equipment and supplies necessary to sustain the resi-dents during periods of attack or siege by ex-ternal forces; 
(4) oppose the extradition of Camp Liberty 
residents to Iran; 
(5) implement a strategy to provide for the 
safe, secure, and permanent relocation of Camp Liberty residents that includes the steps that would need to be taken by the 
United States, the United Nations High Com-missioner for Refugees (UNHCR), and the Camp Liberty residents to potentially relo-cate some residents to the United States; 
(6) encourage continued close cooperation 
between the residents of Camp Liberty and the authorities in the relocation process; and 
(7) assist the United Nations High Commis-
sioner for Refugees in expediting the ongoing resettlement of all residents of Camp Lib-erty to safe locations outside Iraq. 
SA 1975. Mr. FLAKE submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title XV, add 
the following: 
SEC. 1523. TREATMENT OF CERTAIN UNOBLI-
GATED FUNDS AVAILABLE TO CON-STRUCT, RENOVATE, REPAIR, OR EX-PAND ELEMENTARY AND SEC-ONDARY PUBLIC SCHOOLS ON MILI-TARY INSTALLATIONS TO ADDRESS CAPACITY OR FACILITY CONDITION DEFICIENCIES. 
(a) C ESSATION OF AVAILABILITY .—Any 
amount of the $464,017,143 of unobligated funds in the Operation and Maintenance, De-fense-wide, account and available for the Of-fice of Economic Adjustment, or for transfer to the Secretary of Education, to construct, renovate, repair, or expand elementary and secondary public schools on military instal-lations in order to address capacity or facil-ity condition deficiencies at such schools as of the date of the enactment of this Act that remain unobligated as of September 30, 2016, shall no longer be available for obligation for that purpose as of October 1, 2016. 
(b) A
UTHORITY TOREPROGRAM FOR OCO 
PURPOSES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense 
may reprogram amounts no longer available for obligation for the purpose described in subsection (a) as of October 1, 2016, by reason of subsection (a) for such programs, projects, and activities in connection with overseas contingency operations as the Secretary con-siders appropriate. 
(2) C
ONSTRUCTION .—The authority to repro-
gram funds under paragraph (1) is in addition to any other authority available to the Sec-retary to transfer or reprogram funds in this Act or otherwise provided by law. 
SA 1976. Mr. KIRK (for himself and 
Mrs. G ILLIBRAND ) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. ll. APPREHENSION AND PROSECUTION OF 
INTERNATIONAL CYBER CRIMINALS. 
(a) I NTERNATIONAL CYBER CRIMINAL DE-
FINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘inter-national cyber criminal’’ means an indi-
vidual— 
(1) who is physically present within a coun-
try with which the United States does not 
have a mutual legal assistance treaty or an extradition treaty; 
(2) who is believed to have committed a 
cybercrime or intellectual property crime against the interests of the United States or its citizens; and 
(3) for whom— (A) an arrest warrant has been issued by a 
judge in the United States; or 
(B) an international wanted notice (com-
monly referred to as a ‘‘Red Notice’’) has been circulated by Interpol. 
(b) B
ILATERAL CONSULTATIONS .—The Sec-
retary of State, or designee, shall consult with the appropriate government official of each country in which one or more inter-national cyber criminals are physically present to determine what actions the gov-ernment of such country has taken— 
(1) to apprehend and prosecute such crimi-
nals; and 
(2) to prevent such criminals from carrying 
out cybercrimes or intellectual property crimes against the interests of the United States or its citizens. 
(c) A
NNUAL REPORT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of State 
shall submit to the appropriate congres-sional committees an annual report that identifies— 
(A) the number of international cyber 
criminals who are located in countries that do not have an extradition treaty or mutual legal assistance treaty with the United States, broken down by country; 
(B) the dates on which an official of the 
Department of State, as a result of this Act, discussed ways to thwart or prosecute inter-national cyber criminals in a bilateral con-versation with an official of another coun-try, including the name of each such coun-try; and 
(C) for each international cyber criminal 
who was extradited into the United States during the most recently completed calendar year— 
(i) his or her name; (ii) the crimes for which he or she was 
charged; 
(iii) his or her previous country of resi-
dence; and 
(iv) the country from which he or she was 
extradited into the United States. 
(2) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—For purposes of this subsection, the 
term ‘‘appropriate congressional commit-tees’’ means— 
(A) the Committee on Foreign Relations of 
the Senate; 
(B) the Committee on Appropriations of 
the Senate; 
(C) the Committee on Homeland Security 
and Governmental Affairs of the Senate; 
(D) the Committee on Banking, Housing, 
and Urban Affairs of the Senate; 
(E) the Committee on Foreign Affairs of 
the House of Representatives; 
(F) the Committee on Appropriations of 
the House of Representatives; 
(G) the Committee on Homeland Security 
of the House of Representatives; and 
(H) the Committee on Financial Services 
of the House of Representatives. 
SA 1977. Mr. WHITEHOUSE (for him-
self and Mrs. S HAHEEN ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:37 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JN6.014 S10JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4035 June 10, 2015 
Department of Energy, to prescribe 
military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of section 1227, before the end 
quote and final period, insert the following: 
‘‘(17) R EPORT INFORMING THE PROCESSING  
TIME FOR APPLICANTS .—Not later than 90 
days after the date of the enactment of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2016, the Secretary of State, in con-sultation with the Secretary of Homeland Security, to shall submit a report to the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate, the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate, the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate, the Committee on Appropriations of the Sen-ate, the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives, the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Rep-resentatives, the Committee on the Judici-ary of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives that includes— 
‘‘(A) the number of applicants in the ‘ad-
ministrative processing’ phase of the Afghan Special Immigrant Visa application process, broken down by month, during the most re-cent 12-month period; 
‘‘(B) the shortest and longest period that 
an application described in subparagraph (A) has been in such phase; and 
‘‘(C) a description of the steps that the De-
partment of State and the Department of Homeland Security have taken to reduce the length of the administrative processing phase, while maintaining adequate security review and screening of such applications. 
SA 1978. Mr. DONNELLY submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 718, strike ‘‘has emerged’’ on line 
15 and all that follows through ‘‘such com-petition’’ on line 17. 
SA 1979. Mr. CARDIN (for himself, 
Mr. C ORNYN , Ms. M IKULSKI , Mrs. S HA-
HEEN , and Mr. R UBIO) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle G of title X, add the 
following: 
SEC. 1085. INTERAGENCY HOSTAGE RECOVERY 
COORDINATOR. 
(a) I NTERAGENCY HOSTAGE RECOVERY COOR-
DINATOR .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 60 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the President shall designate an existing Federal officer to coordinate efforts to se-cure the release of United States persons 
who are hostages of hostile groups or state sponsors of terrorism. For purposes of car-rying out the duties described in paragraph (2), such officer shall have the title of ‘‘Inter-agency Hostage Recovery Coordinator’’. 
(2) D
UTIES .—The Interagency Hostage Re-
covery Coordinator shall have the following duties: 
(A) Coordinate and direct all activities of 
the Federal Government relating to each hostage situation described in paragraph (1) to ensure efforts to secure the release of all hostages in a hostage situation are properly resourced and correct lines of authority are established and maintained. 
(B) Establish and direct a fusion cell con-
sisting of appropriate personnel of the Fed-eral Government with purview over each hostage situation described in paragraph (1). 
(C) Develop a strategy to keep family 
members of hostages described in paragraph (1) informed of the status of such hostages and inform such family members of updates, procedures, and policies that do not com-promise the national security of the United States. 
(b) L
IMITATION ON AUTHORITY .—The author-
ity of the Interagency Hostage Recovery Co-ordinator shall be limited to hostage cases outside the United States. 
(c) Q
UARTERLY REPORT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—On a quarterly basis, the 
Interagency Hostage Recovery Coordinator shall submit to the appropriate congres-sional committees and the members of Con-gress described in paragraph (2) a report that includes a summary of each hostage situa-tion described in subsection (a)(1) and efforts to secure the release of all hostages in such hostage situation. 
(2) M
EMBERS OF CONGRESS DESCRIBED .—The 
members of Congress described in this para-graph are, with respect to a United States person hostage covered by a report under paragraph (1), the Senators representing the State, and the Member, Delegate, or Resi-dent Commissioner of the House of Rep-resentatives representing the district, where a hostage described in subsection (a)(1) re-sides. 
(3) F
ORM OF REPORT .—Each report under 
this subsection may be submitted in classi-fied or unclassified form. 
(d) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
this section shall be construed as author-izing the Federal Government to negotiate with a state sponsor of terrorism or an orga-nization that the Secretary of State has des-ignated as a foreign terrorist organization pursuant to section 219 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1189) or any other hostage-takers. 
(e) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) H OSTILE GROUP .—The term ‘‘hostile 
group’’ means— 
(A) a group that is designated as a foreign 
terrorist organization under section 219(a) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1189(a)); 
(B) a group that is engaged in armed con-
flict with the United States; or 
(C) any other group that the President de-
termines to be a hostile group for purposes of this paragraph. 
(2) S
TATE SPONSOR OF TERRORISM .—The 
term ‘‘state sponsor of terrorism’’— 
(A) means a country the government of 
which the Secretary of State has deter-mined, for purposes of section 6(j) of the Ex-port Administration Act of 1979, section 620A of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, section 40 of the Arms Export Control Act, or any other provision of law, to be a government that has repeatedly provided support for acts of international terrorism; and 
(B) includes North Korea. SA 1980. Mr. M CCAIN (for himself and 
Mr. I SAKSON ) submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the 
bill H.R. 1735, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of De-fense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title VI, add the 
following: 
SEC. 608. REPORT ON SUFFICIENCY OF MILITARY 
BASIC PAY TO COMPENSATE MILI-TARY PERSONNEL. 
Not later than January 1, 2016, the Sec-
retary of Defense shall submit to the con-gressional defense committees a report set-ting forth an assessment of the extent to which rates of military basic pay are suffi-cient to compensate military personnel. The assessment shall include the following: 
(1) An analysis of the extent to which rates 
of military basic pay are sufficient to com-pensate members of the Armed Forces when compared with pay available for their civil-ian counterparts. 
(2) A description and assessment of modi-
fications to the structure of military basic pay in order to adequately compensate mem-bers of the Armed Forces for their skill sets and educational competencies rather than the current system of rates of military basic pay based primarily on grade and time in grade. 
(3) An assessment of replacing the current 
payment of basic allowance for housing (BAH) with payment of an increased amount of military basic pay adjusted to account for differences in costs among localities. 
SA 1981. Mr. REED submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title VIII, add 
the following: 
SEC. 884. REPORT ON EFFORTS TO ENGAGE 
UNITED STATES MANUFACTURERS IN PROCUREMENT OPPORTUNITIES RELATED TO EQUIPPING THE AF-GHAN NATIONAL SECURITY FORCES. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of 
the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of State shall jointly submit to Congress a report on the efforts of the Secretaries to engage United States manufacturers in procurement oppor-tunities related to equipping the Afghan Na-tional Security Forces. 
SA 1982. Mr. GARDNER (for himself 
and Mr. C OONS ) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:37 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JN6.025 S10JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4036 June 10, 2015 
military personnel strengths for such 
fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle G of title X, add the 
following: 
SEC. 1085. USE OF ENERGY AND WATER EFFI-
CIENCY MEASURES IN DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE FACILITIES. 
(a) E NERGY MANAGEMENT REQUIREMENTS .— 
Section 543(f)(4) of the National Energy Con-servation Policy Act (42 U.S.C. 8253(f)(4)) is amended— 
(1) by redesignating subparagraphs (A) and 
(B) as clauses (i) and (ii), respectively, and indenting appropriately; 
(2) by striking ‘‘Not later than’’ and insert-
ing the following: 
‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) M
EASURES NOT IMPLEMENTED IN DE -
PARTMENT OF DEFENSE FACILITIES .—Each en-
ergy manager of a Department of Defense fa-cility, as part of the certification system under paragraph (7) and using guidelines de-veloped by the Secretary, shall provide an explanation regarding any life-cycle cost-ef-fective measures described in subparagraph (A)(i) that have not been implemented with respect to the Department of Defense facil-ity.’’. 
(b) R
EPORTS .—Section 548(b) of the Na-
tional Energy Conservation Policy Act (42 U.S.C. 8258(b)) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘and’’ at 
the end; 
(2) in paragraph (4), by striking the period 
at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) in the case of Department of Defense 
facilities— 
‘‘(A) the status of the energy savings per-
formance contracts and utility energy serv-ice contracts of each agency; 
‘‘(B) the investment value of the contracts; ‘‘(C) the guaranteed energy savings for the 
previous year as compared to the actual en-ergy savings for the previous year; 
‘‘(D) the plan for entering into the con-
tracts in the coming year; and 
‘‘(E) information explaining why any pre-
viously submitted plans for the contracts were not implemented.’’. 
(c) D
EFINITION OF ENERGY CONSERVATION  
MEASURES .—Section 551(4) of the National 
Energy Conservation Policy Act (42 U.S.C. 8259(4)) is amended by striking ‘‘or retrofit activities’’ and inserting ‘‘retrofit activities, or, in the case of Department of Defense fa-cilities, energy consuming devices and re-quired support structures’’. 
(d) A
UTHORITY TO ENTER INTOCONTRACTS .— 
Section 801(a)(2)(F) of the National Energy Conservation Policy Act (42 U.S.C. 8287(a)(2)(F)) is amended— 
(1) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the 
end; 
(2) in clause (ii), by striking the period at 
the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iii) in the case of the Department of De-
fense, limit the recognition of operation and maintenance savings associated with sys-tems modernized or replaced with the imple-mentation of energy conservation measures, water conservation measures, or any com-bination of energy conservation measures and water conservation measures.’’. 
(e) M
ISCELLANEOUS AUTHORITY .—Section 
801(a)(2) of the National Energy Conservation Policy Act (42 U.S.C. 8287(a)(2)) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(H) M
ISCELLANEOUS AUTHORITY .—Notwith-
standing any other provision of law, the Sec-retary of Defense may sell or transfer energy savings and apply the proceeds of the sale or transfer to fund a contract under this title.’’. (f) P
AYMENT OF COSTS.—Section 802 of the 
National Energy Conservation Policy Act (42 U.S.C. 8287a) is amended by striking ‘‘(and related operation and maintenance ex-penses)’’ and inserting ‘‘, including, in the case of the Department of Defense, related operations and maintenance expenses’’. 
(g) D
EFINITION OF ENERGY SAVINGS .—Sec-
tion 804(2) of the National Energy Conserva-tion Policy Act (42 U.S.C. 8287c(2)) is amend-ed— 
(1) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘feder-
ally owned building or buildings or other fed-erally owned facilities’’ and inserting ‘‘Fed-eral building (as defined in section 551)’’ each place it appears; 
(2) in subparagraph (C) , by striking ‘‘; 
and’’ and inserting a semicolon; 
(3) in subparagraph (D), by striking the pe-
riod at the end and inserting a semicolon; and 
(4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(E) in the case of the Department of De-
fense— 
‘‘(i) the use, sale, or transfer of energy in-
centives, rebates, or credits (including re-newable energy credits) from Federal, State, or local governments or utilities; and 
‘‘(ii) any revenue generated from a reduc-
tion in energy or water use, more efficient waste recycling, or additional energy gen-erated from more efficient equipment.’’. 
SA 1983. Mr. CORKER (for himself 
and Mr. C ARDIN ) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
DIVISION E—DEPARTMENT OF STATE 
SEC. 5001. SHORT TITLE. 
This division may be cited as the ‘‘Depart-
ment of State Operations Authorization and Embassy Security Act, Fiscal Year 2016’’. 
SEC. 5002. DEFINITIONS. 
In this division: (1) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional 
committees’’ means— 
(A) the Committee on Foreign Relations of 
the Senate; 
(B) the Committee on Appropriations of 
the Senate; 
(C) the Committee on Foreign Affairs of 
the House of Representatives; and 
(D) the Committee on Appropriations of 
the House of Representatives. 
(2) D EPARTMENT .—The term ‘‘Department’’ 
means the Department of State. 
(3) P EACEKEEPING CREDITS .—The term 
‘‘peacekeeping credits’’ means the amounts by which United States assessed peace-keeping contributions exceed actual expendi-tures, apportioned to the United States, of peacekeeping operations by the United Na-tions during a United Nations peacekeeping fiscal year. 
(4) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ 
means the Secretary of State. 
TITLE I—DEPARTMENT OF STATE 
AUTHORITIES AND ACTIVITIES 
Subtitle A—Basic Authorities and Activities 
SEC. 5101. AMERICAN SPACES REVIEW. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of 
the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit a report to the appropriate con-
gressional committees that includes— 
(1) the full costs incurred by the Depart-
ment to provide American Spaces, includ-ing— 
(A) American Centers, American Corners, 
Binational Centers, Information Resource Centers, and Science Centers; and 
(B) the total costs of all associated— (i) employee salaries, including foreign 
service, American civilian, and locally em-ployed staff; 
(ii) programming expenses; (iii) operating expenses; (iv) contracting expenses; and (v) security expenses; (2) a breakdown of the total costs described 
in paragraph (1) by each space and type of space; 
(3) the total fees collected for entry to, or 
the use of, American Spaces and related re-sources, including a breakdown by the type of fee for each space and type of space; and 
(4) the total usage rates, including by type 
of service, for each space and type of space. 
SEC. 5102. IDENTIFYING BILATERAL INVESTMENT 
TREATY OPPORTUNITIES. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of 
the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State, in consultation with the United States Trade Representative, shall submit a report to the appropriate congressional com-mittees that includes a detailed description of— 
(1) the status of all ongoing investment 
treaty negotiations, including a strategy and timetable for concluding each such negotia-tion; 
(2) a strategy to expand the investment 
treaty agenda, including through— 
(A) launching new investment treaty nego-
tiations with foreign partners that are cur-rently capable of entering into such negotia-tions; and 
(B) building the capacity of foreign part-
ners to enter into such negotiations, includ-ing by encouraging the adoption of best prac-tices with respect to investment; and 
(3) an estimate of any resources that will 
be needed, including anticipated staffing lev-els— 
(A) to conclude all ongoing negotiations 
described in paragraph (1); 
(B) to launch new investment treaty nego-
tiations, as described in paragraph (2)(A); and 
(C) to build the capacity of foreign part-
ners, as described in paragraph (2)(B). 
SEC. 5103. REINSTATEMENT OF HONG KONG RE-
PORT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 90 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter through 2020, the Secretary shall submit the report required under section 301 of the United States-Hong Kong Policy Act of 1992 (22 U.S.C. 5731) to the appropriate congressional committees. 
(b) P
UBLIC DISCLOSURE .—The report sub-
mitted under subsection (a) should be unclas-sified and made publicly available, including through the Department’s public website. 
(c) T
REATMENT OF HONG KONG UNDER  
UNITED STATES LAW.— 
(1) S ECRETARY OF STATE CERTIFICATION RE -
QUIREMENT .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter, the Secretary shall certify to Congress whether Hong Kong Spe-cial Administrative Region is sufficiently autonomous to justify different treatment for its citizens from the treatment accorded to other citizens of the People’s Republic of China in any new laws, agreements, treaties, or arrangements entered into between the United States and Hong Kong after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:37 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JN6.026 S10JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4037 June 10, 2015 
(B) F ACTOR FOR CONSIDERATION .—In making 
a certification under subparagraph (A), the Secretary should consider the terms, obliga-tions, and expectations expressed in the Joint Declaration with respect to Hong Kong. 
(C) E
XCEPTION .—A certification shall not 
be required under this subsection with re-spect to any new laws, agreements, treaties, or arrangements that support human rights, rule of law, or democracy in the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region. 
(2) W
AIVER AUTHORITY .—The Secretary may 
waive the application of paragraph (1) if the Secretary— 
(A) determines that such a waiver is in the 
national interests of the United States; and 
(B) on or before the date on which such 
waiver would take effect, submits a notice of, and justification for, the waiver to the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Sen-ate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
SEC. 5104. INTERAGENCY HOSTAGE RECOVERY 
COORDINATOR. 
(a) I NGENERAL .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 60 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the President shall designate an existing Federal officer to coordinate efforts to se-cure the release of United States persons who are hostages of hostile groups or state sponsors of terrorism. For purposes of car-rying out the duties described in paragraph (2), such officer shall have the title of ‘‘Inter-agency Hostage Recovery Coordinator’’. 
(2) D
UTIES .—The Coordinator shall have 
the following duties: 
(A) Coordinate and direct all activities of 
the Federal Government relating to each hostage situation described in paragraph (1) to ensure efforts to secure the release of all hostages in the hostage situation are prop-erly resourced and correct lines of authority are established and maintained. 
(B) Establish and direct a fusion cell con-
sisting of appropriate personnel of the Fed-eral Government with purview over each hostage situation described in paragraph (1). 
(C) Develop a strategy to keep family 
members of hostages described in paragraph (1) informed of the status of such hostages and inform such family members of updates, procedures, and policies that do not com-promise the national security of the United States. 
(b) L
IMITATION ON AUTHORITY .—The author-
ity of the Interagency Hostage Recovery Co-ordinator shall be limited to hostage cases outside the United States. 
(c) Q
UARTERLY REPORT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—On a quarterly basis, the 
Coordinator shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees and the members of Congress described in paragraph (2) a re-port that includes a summary of each hos-tage situation described in sub-section (a)(1) and efforts to secure the release of all hos-tages in such hostage situation. 
(2) M
EMBERS OF CONGRESS DESCRIBED .—The 
members of Congress described in this sub-paragraph are, with respect to a United States person hostage covered by a report under paragraph (1), the Senators rep-resenting the State, and the Member, Dele-gate, or Resident Commissioner of the House of Representatives representing the district, where a hostage described in subjection (a)(1) resides. 
(3) F
ORM OF REPORT .—Each report under 
this subsection may be submitted in classi-fied or unclassified form. 
(d) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
this section shall be construed as author-izing the Federal Government to negotiate with a state sponsor of terrorism or an orga-nization that the Secretary has designated as a foreign terrorist organization pursuant to section 219 of the Immigration and Na-
tionality Act (8 U.S.C. 1189) or any other hos-tage-takers. 
(e) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) H OSTILE GROUP .—The term ‘‘hostile 
group’’ means— 
(A) a group that is designated as a foreign 
terrorist organization under section 219(a) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1189(a)); 
(B) a group that is engaged in armed con-
flict with the United States; or 
(C) any other group that the President de-
termines to be a hostile group for purposes of this paragraph. 
(2) S
TATE SPONSOR OF TERRORISM .—The 
term ‘‘state sponsor of terrorism’’— 
(A) means a country the government of 
which the Secretary has determined, for pur-poses of section 6(j) of the Export Adminis-tration Act of 1979, section 620A of the For-eign Assistance Act of 1961, section 40 of the Arms Export Control Act, or any other pro-vision of law, to be a government that has repeatedly provided support for acts of inter-national terrorism; and 
(B) includes North Korea. 
SEC. 5105. UNITED STATES-CHINA STRATEGIC 
AND ECONOMIC DIALOGUE REVIEW. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary, in coordination with the Sec-retary of the Treasury, and in consultation with other departments and agencies, as ap-propriate, shall— 
(1) conduct a review of the United States- 
China Strategic and Economic Dialogue (re-ferred to in this section as the ‘‘Dialogue’’); and 
(2) submit a report to the appropriate con-
gressional committees that contains the findings of such review. 
(b) C
ONTENTS .—The report described in sub-
section (a) shall include— 
(1) a list of all commitments agreed to by 
the United States and China at each of the first 6 rounds of meetings; 
(2) an assessment of the status of each 
commitment agreed to by the United States and China at each of the first 6 rounds of meetings, including a detailed description of— 
(A) any actions that have been taken with 
respect to such commitments; 
(B) any aspects of such commitments that 
remain unfulfilled; and 
(C) any actions that remain necessary to 
fulfill any unfulfilled commitments de-scribed in subparagraph (B); 
(3) an assessment of the effectiveness of 
the Dialogue in achieving and fulfilling sig-nificant commitments on United States pri-orities in the bilateral relationship, includ-ing— 
(A) the security situation in the East and 
South China Seas, including a peaceful reso-lution of maritime disputes in the region; 
(B) denuclearization of the Korean Penin-
sula; 
(C) cybertheft of United States intellectual 
property; 
(D) the treatment of political dissidents, 
media representatives, and ethnic and reli-gious minorities; 
(E) reciprocal treatment of United States 
journalists and academics in China, includ-ing issuance of visas; 
(F) expanding investment and trade oppor-
tunities for United States businesses; 
(G) repatriation of North Korean refugees 
from China to North Korea; and 
(H) promoting and protecting rule of law 
and democratic institutions in Hong Kong; and 
(4) recommendations for enhancing the ef-
fectiveness of the Dialogue in achieving and fulfilling significant commitments on United States priorities described in paragraph (3), including consideration of the use of pre-
determined benchmarks for assessing wheth-er the commitments achieved are signifi-cantly furthering such priorities. 
SEC. 5106. REPORT ON HUMAN RIGHTS VIOLA-
TIONS IN BURMA. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of 
the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit a report to the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives that— 
(1) describes in detail all known widespread 
or systematic civil or political rights viola-tions, including violations that may con-stitute crimes against humanity against eth-nic, racial, or religious minorities in Burma, including the Rohingya people; and 
(2) provides recommendations for holding 
perpetrators of the violations described in paragraph (1) accountable for their actions. 
SEC. 5107. COMBATING ANTI-SEMITISM. 
Of the amount authorized to be appro-
priated for Diplomatic and Consular Pro-grams, $500,000 shall be made available to the Bureau for Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor, to be used in support of efforts by American and European Jewish and other civil society organizations, focusing on youth, to combat anti-Semitism and other forms of religious, ethnic, or racial intoler-ance in Europe. 
SEC. 5108. BIOTECHNOLOGY GRANTS. 
Title I of the State Department Basic Au-
thorities Act of 1956 (22 U.S.C. 2651a et seq.), is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: 
‘‘SEC. 63. BIOTECHNOLOGY GRANTS AUTHOR-
IZED. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of State 
is authorized to support, through grants, co-operative agreements, contracts, outreach, and public diplomacy activities, activities promoting the benefits of agricultural bio-technology, biofuels, science-based regu-latory systems, and the application of such technologies for trade and development. 
‘‘(b) L
IMITATION .—The total amount of 
grants provided pursuant to subsection (a) shall not exceed $500,000 in any fiscal year.’’. 
SEC. 5109. DEFINITION OF ‘‘USE’’ IN PASSPORT 
AND VISA OFFENSES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 75 of title 18, 
United States Code, is amended by inserting before section 1541 the following: 
‘‘SEC. 1540. DEFINITION OF ‘USE’ AND ‘USES’. 
‘‘In this chapter, the terms ‘use’ and ‘uses’ 
shall be given their plain meaning, which shall include use for identification pur-poses.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
sections for chapter 75 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by inserting before the item relating to section 1541 the fol-lowing: 
‘‘1540. Definition of ‘use’ and ‘uses’.’’. 
SEC. 5110. SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY FELLOW-
SHIPS. 
Section 504 of the Foreign Relations Au-
thorization Act, Fiscal Year 1979 (22 U.S.C. 2656d) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(e) G
RANTS AND COOPERATIVE AGREEMENTS  
RELATED TO SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY FEL-
LOWSHIP PROGRAMS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary is author-
ized to provide grants or enter into coopera-tive agreements for science and technology fellowship programs of the Department of State. 
‘‘(2) R
ECRUITMENT ; STIPENDS .—Assistance 
authorized under paragraph (1) may be used— 
‘‘(A) to recruit fellows; and ‘‘(B) to pay stipends, travel, and other ap-
propriate expenses to fellows. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:37 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JN6.027 S10JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4038 June 10, 2015 
‘‘(3) C LASSIFICATION OF STIPENDS .—Stipends 
paid under paragraph (2)(B) shall not be con-sidered compensation for purposes of section 209 of title 18, United States Code. 
‘‘(4) L
IMITATION .—The total amount of as-
sistance provided under this subsection may not exceed $500,000 in any fiscal year.’’. 
SEC. 5111. NAME CHANGES. 
(a) P UBLIC LAW87–195.—Section 607(d) of 
the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2357(d)) is amended by striking ‘‘Assistant Secretary of State for Oceans and Inter-national Environmental and Scientific Af-fairs’’ and inserting ‘‘Assistant Secretary of State for Oceans, Environment, and Science’’. 
(b) P
UBLIC LAW88–206.—Section 617(a) of 
the Clean Air Act (42 U.S.C. 7671p(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘Assistant Secretary of State for Oceans and International Environ-mental and Scientific Affairs’’ and inserting ‘‘Assistant Secretary of State for Oceans, Environment, and Science’’. 
(c) P
UBLIC LAW93–126.—Section 9(a) of the 
Department of State Appropriations Author-ization Act of 1973 (22 U.S.C. 2655a) is amend-ed— 
(1) by striking ‘‘Bureau of Oceans and 
International Environmental and Scientific Affairs’’ and inserting ‘‘Bureau of Oceans, Environment, and Science’’; and 
(2) by striking ‘‘Assistant Secretary of 
State for Oceans and International Environ-mental and Scientific Affairs’’ and inserting ‘‘Assistant Secretary of State for Oceans, Environment, and Science’’. 
(d) P
UBLIC LAW106–113.—Section 1112(a) of 
the Admiral James W. Nance and Meg Dono-van Foreign Relations Authorization Act, Fiscal Years 2000 and 2001 (22 U.S.C. 2652c(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘Verification and Compliance.’’ and inserting ‘‘Arms Control, Verification, and Compliance (referred to in this section as the ‘Assistant Secretary’).’’. 
SEC. 5112. ANTI-PIRACY INFORMATION SHARING. 
The Secretary is authorized to provide for 
the participation of the United States in the Information Sharing Centre located in Singapore, as established by the Regional Cooperation Agreement on Combating Pi-racy and Armed Robbery Against Ships in Asia, done at Singapore November 11, 2004. 
SEC. 5113. REPORT REFORM. 
(a) H UMAN RIGHTS REPORT .—Section 549 of 
the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2347h) is repealed. 
(b) R
OUGH DIAMONDS ANNUAL REPORT .— 
Section 12 of the Clean Diamond Trade Act (19 U.S.C. 3911) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 12. REPORTS. 
‘‘For each country that, during the pre-
ceding 12-month period, exported rough dia-monds to the United States, the exportation of which was not controlled through the Kimberley Process Certification Scheme, and if the failure to do so has significantly increased the likelihood that those diamonds not so controlled are being imported into the United States, the President shall submit a semi-annual report to Congress that explains what actions have been taken by the United States or such country since the previous re-port to ensure that diamonds, the expor-tation of which was not controlled through the Kimberley Process Certification Scheme, are not being imported from that country into the United States. A country shall be included in the report required under this section until the country is controlling the importation and exportation of rough dia-monds through the Kimberley Process Cer-tification Scheme.’’. 
SEC. 5114. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON THE UNITED 
STATES ALLIANCE WITH JAPAN. 
It is the sense of Congress that— 
(1) the alliance between the United States 
and Japan is a cornerstone of peace, secu-rity, and stability in the Asia-Pacific region 
and around the world; 
(2) Prime Minister Shiuzo Abe’s visit to 
the United States in April 2015 and historic address to a Joint Session of Congress sym-bolized the strength and importance of ties between the United States and Japan; 
(3) in 2015, which marks 70 years since the 
end of World War II, the United States and Japan continue to strengthen the alliance and work together to ensure a peaceful and prosperous future for the Asia-Pacific region and the world; 
(4) the Governments and people of the 
United States and Japan share values, inter-ests, and capabilities that have helped to build a strong rules-based international order, based on a commitment to rules, norms and institutions; 
(5) the revised Guidelines for United 
States-Japan Defense Cooperation and Ja-pan’s policy of ‘‘Proactive Contribution to Peace’’ will reinforce deterrence, update the roles and missions of the United States and Japan, enable Japan to expand its contribu-tions to regional and global security, and allow the United States Government and the Government of Japan to enhance coopera-tion on security issues in the region and be-yond; 
(6) the United States remain resolute in its 
commitments under the Treaty of Mutual Cooperation and Security to respond to any armed attack in the territories under the ad-ministration of Japan; 
(7) although the United States Government 
does not take a position on the ultimate sov-ereignty of the Senkaku Islands, the United States Government acknowledges that they are under the administration of Japan and opposes any unilateral actions that would seek to undermine such administration; 
(8) the United States Government reaf-
firms that the unilateral actions of a third party will not affect the United States ac-knowledgment of the administration of Japan over the Senkaku Islands; 
(9) the United States Government and the 
Government of Japan continue to work to-gether on common security interests, includ-ing to confront the threat posed by the nu-clear and ballistic missile programs of the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea; 
(10) the United States Government and the 
Government of Japan remain committed to ensuring maritime security and respect for international law, including freedom of navi-gation and overflight; and 
(11) the United States Government and the 
Government of Japan continue to oppose the use of coercion, intimidation, or force to change the status quo, including in the East and South China Seas. 
SEC. 5115. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON THE DE-
FENSE RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN THE UNITED STATES AND THE RE-PUBLIC OF INDIA. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-
lowing findings: 
(1) The United States has an upgraded, 
strategic-plus relationship with India based on regional cooperation, space science co-operation, and defense cooperation. 
(2) The defense relationship between the 
United States and the Republic of India is strengthened by the common commitment of both countries to democracy. 
(3) The United States and the Republic of 
India share a common and long-standing commitment to civilian control of the mili-tary. 
(4) The United States and the Republic of 
India have increasingly worked together on defense cooperation across a range of activi-ties, exercises, initiatives, and research. 
(b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that the United States should— (1) continue to expand defense cooperation 
with the Republic of India; 
(2) welcome the role of the Republic of 
India in providing security and stability in the Indo-Pacific region and beyond; 
(3) work cooperatively with the Republic of 
India on matters relating to our common de-fense; 
(4) vigorously support the implementation 
of the United States-India Defense Frame-work Agreement; and 
(5) support the India Defense Trade and 
Technology Initiative. 
SEC. 5116. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON THE UNITED 
STATES ALLIANCE WITH THE RE-PUBLIC OF KOREA. 
It is the sense of Congress that— 
(1) the alliance between the United States 
and the Republic of Korea has served as an anchor for stability, security, and prosperity on the Korean Peninsula, in the Asia-Pacific region, and around the world; 
(2) the United States and the Republic of 
Korea continue to strengthen and adapt the bilateral, regional, and global scope of the comprehensive strategic alliance between the 2 nations, to serve as a linchpin of peace and stability in the Asia-Pacific region, rec-ognizing the shared values of democracy, human rights, free and open markets, and the rule of law, as reaffirmed in the May 2013 ‘‘Joint Declaration in Commemoration of the 60th Anniversary of the Alliance between the Republic of Korea and the United States of America’’; 
(3) the United States and the Republic of 
Korea continue to broaden and deepen the al-liance by strengthening the combined de-fense posture on the Korean Peninsula, en-hancing mutual security based on the Repub-lic of Korea-United States Mutual Defense Treaty, and promoting cooperation for re-gional and global security in the 21st cen-tury; 
(4) the United States and the Republic of 
Korea share deep concerns that the nuclear, cyber, and ballistic missiles programs of North Korea and its repeated provocations pose grave threats to peace and stability on the Korean Peninsula and Northeast Asia and recognize that both nations are deter-mined to achieve the peaceful denuclearization of North Korea and remain fully committed to continuing close coopera-tion on the full range of issues related to North Korea; 
(5) the United States and the Republic of 
Korea are particularly concerned that the nuclear and ballistic missile programs of North Korea, including North Korean efforts to miniaturize their nuclear technology and improve the mobility of their ballistic mis-siles, have gathered significant momentum and are poised to expand in the coming years; 
(6) the Republic of Korea has made 
progress in enhancing future warfighting and interoperability capabilities by taking steps toward procuring Patriot Advanced Capa-bility missiles, F–35 Joint Strike Fighter Aircraft, and RQ–4 Global Hawk Surveillance Aircraft; 
(7) the United States supports the vision of 
a Korean Peninsula free of nuclear weapons, free from the fear of war, and peacefully re-united on the basis of democratic and free market principles, as articulated in Presi-dent Park’s address in Dresden, Germany; and 
(8) the United States and the Republic of 
Korea share the future interests of both na-tions in securing peace and stability on the Korean Peninsula and in Northeast Asia. 
SEC. 5117. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON THE RELA-
TIONSHIP BETWEEN THE UNITED STATES AND TAIWAN. 
It is the sense of the Congress that— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:37 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JN6.027 S10JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4039 June 10, 2015 
(1) the United States policy toward Taiwan 
is based upon the Taiwan Relations Act (Public Law 96–8), which was enacted in 1979, and the Six Assurances given by President Ronald Reagan in 1982; 
(2) provision of defensive weapons to Tai-
wan should continue as mandated in the Tai-wan Relations Act; and 
(3) enhanced trade relations with Taiwan 
should be pursued to mutually benefit the citizens of both countries. 
SEC. 5118. REPORT ON POLITICAL FREEDOM IN 
VENEZUELA. 
Not later than 90 days after the date of the 
enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit a report to the appropriate congres-sional committees that includes— 
(1) an assessment of the support provided 
by the United States to the people of Ven-ezuela in their aspiration to live under con-ditions of peace and representative democ-racy (as defined by the Inter-American Democratic Charter of the Organization of American States, done at Lima September 11, 2001); 
(2) an assessment of work carried out by 
the United States, in cooperation with the other member states of the Organization of American States and countries of the Euro-pean Union, to ensure— 
(A) the peaceful resolution of the current 
political situation in Venezuela; and 
(B) the immediate cessation of violence 
against antigovernment protestors; 
(3) a list of the government and security 
officials in Venezuela who— 
(A) are responsible for, or complicit in, the 
use of force in relation to antigovernment protests and similar acts of violence; and 
(B) have had their financial assets in the 
United States frozen or been placed on a visa ban by the United States; and 
(4) an assessment of United States support 
for the development of democratic political processes and independent civil society in Venezuela. 
SEC. 5119. STRATEGY FOR THE MIDDLE EAST IN 
THE EVENT OF A COMPREHENSIVE NUCLEAR AGREEMENT WITH IRAN. 
(a) S TRATEGY REQUIRED .—The Secretary of 
State shall, in coordination with the Sec-retary of Defense, other members of the Na-tional Security Council, and the heads of other appropriate departments and agencies of the United States Government, develop a strategy for the United States for the Middle East in the event of a comprehensive nuclear agreement with Iran. 
(b) E
LEMENTS .—The strategy shall include 
the following: 
(1) Efforts to counter Iranian-sponsored 
terrorism in Middle East region. 
(2) Efforts to reassure United States allies 
and partners in Middle East. 
(3) Efforts to address the potential for a 
conventional or nuclear arms race in the Middle East. 
(c) S
UBMISSION TO CONGRESS .—Not later 
than 60 days after entering into a com-prehensive nuclear agreement with Iran, the Secretary shall submit the strategy devel-oped under subsection (a) to— 
(1) the Committee on Armed Services, the 
Committee on Foreign Relations, and the Se-lect Committee on Intelligence of the Sen-ate; and 
(2) the Committee on Armed Services, the 
Committee on Foreign Affairs, and the Per-manent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives. 
SEC. 5120. DEPARTMENT OF STATE INTER-
NATIONAL CYBERSPACE POLICY STRATEGY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 90 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State shall produce a com-prehensive strategy, with a classified annex if necessary, relating to United States inter-national policy with regard to cyberspace. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The strategy required in 
subsection (a) shall include: 
(1) A review of actions and activities un-
dertaken by the Secretary of State to date to support the goal of the President’s Inter-national Strategy for Cyberspace, released in May 2011, to ‘‘work internationally to pro-mote an open, interoperable, secure, and reli-able information and communications infra-structure that supports international trade and commerce, strengthens international se-curity, and fosters free expression and inno-vation’’. 
(2) A plan of action to guide the Sec-
retary’s diplomacy with regard to nation- states, including conducting bilateral and multilateral activities to develop the norms of responsible international behavior in cyberspace, and status review of existing dis-cussions in multilateral fora to obtain agree-ments on international norms in cyberspace. 
(3) A review of the alternative concepts 
with regard to international norms in cyber-space offered by other prominent nation- state actors, including China, Russia, Brazil, and India. 
(4) A detailed description of threats to 
United States national security in cyber-space from other nation-states, state-spon-sored actors and private actors, to United States Federal and private sector infrastruc-ture, United States intellectual property, and the privacy of United States citizens. 
(5) A review of policy tools available to the 
President of United States to deter nation- states, state-sponsored actors, and private actors, including, but not limited to, those outlined in Executive Order 13694, released on April 1, 2015. 
(6) A review of resources required by the 
Secretary, including the Office of the Coordi-nator for Cyber Issues, to conduct activities to build responsible norms of international cyber behavior. 
(c) C
ONSULTATION .—The Secretary shall 
consult, as appropriate, with other United States Government agencies, the United 
States private sector, and United States non-governmental organizations with recognized credentials and expertise in foreign policy, national security, and cybersecurity. 
(d) R
ELEASE .—The Secretary shall publicly 
release the strategy required in subsection (a) and brief the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions of the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representa-tives upon its release, including on the clas-sified annex, should the strategy include such an annex. 
SEC. 5121. WAIVER OF FEES FOR RENEWAL OF IM-
MIGRANT VISA FOR ADOPTED CHILD IN CERTAIN SITUATIONS. 
Section 221(c) of the Immigration and Na-
tionality Act (8 U.S.C. 1201(c)) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(c) P
ERIOD OF VALIDITY ; RENEWAL OR RE-
PLACEMENT .— 
‘‘(1) I MMIGRANT VISAS .—An immigrant visa 
shall be valid for such period, not exceeding 6 months, as shall be by regulations pre-scribed, except that any visa issued to a child lawfully adopted by a United States citizen and spouse while such citizen is serv-ing abroad in the United States Armed Forces, or is employed abroad by the United States Government, or is temporarily abroad on business, shall be valid until such time, for a period not to exceed 3 years, as the adoptive citizen parent returns to the United States in due course of his service, employ-ment, or business. 
‘‘(2) N
ONIMMIGRANT VISAS .—A non-
immigrant visa shall be valid for such peri-ods as shall be prescribed by regulations. In prescribing the period of validity of a non-immigrant visa in the case of nationals of any foreign country who are eligible for such visas, the Secretary of State shall, insofar as practicable, accord to such nationals the 
same treatment upon a reciprocal basis as such foreign country accords to nationals of the United States who are within a similar class, except that in the case of aliens who are nationals of a foreign country and who either are granted refugee status and firmly resettled in another foreign country or are granted permanent residence and residing in another foreign country, the Secretary of State may prescribe the period of validity of such a visa based upon the treatment grant-ed by that other foreign country to alien ref-ugees and permanent residents, respectively, in the United States. 
‘‘(3) V
ISA REPLACEMENT .—An immigrant 
visa may be replaced under the original num-ber during the fiscal year in which the origi-nal visa was issued for an immigrant who es-tablishes to the satisfaction of the consular officer that the immigrant— 
‘‘(A) was unable to use the original immi-
grant visa during the period of its validity because of reasons beyond his control and for which he was not responsible; 
‘‘(B) is found by a consular officer to be eli-
gible for an immigrant visa; and 
‘‘(C) pays again the statutory fees for an 
application and an immigrant visa. 
‘‘(4) F
EE WAIVER .—If an immigrant visa was 
issued, on or after March 27, 2013, for a child who has been lawfully adopted, or who is coming to the United States to be adopted, by a United States citizen, any statutory im-migrant visa fees relating to a renewal or re-placement of such visa may be waived or, if already paid, may be refunded upon request, subject to such criteria as the Secretary of State may prescribe, if— 
‘‘(A) the immigrant child was unable to use 
the original immigrant visa during the pe-riod of its validity as a direct result of ex-traordinary circumstances, including the de-nial of an exit permit; and 
‘‘(B) if such inability was attributable to 
factors beyond the control of the adopting parent or parents and of the immigrant.’’. 
SEC. 5122. AMERICAN HOSTAGES IN IRAN COM-
PENSATION FUND. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that ensuring justice for United States victims of acts of terrorism by Iran who hold legal judgments against Iran relat-ing to such acts is of paramount importance and should be expeditiously addressed. 
(b) E
STABLISHMENT .—There is established 
in the Treasury a fund, to be known as the ‘‘American Hostages in Iran Compensation Fund’’ (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Fund’’) for the purposes of— 
(1) making payments to the Americans 
held hostage in Iran and their spouses who are identified as members of the proposed class in case number 1:00–CV–03110 (EGS) of the United States District Court for the Dis-trict of Columbia; and 
(2) satisfying claims against Iran relating 
to the taking of hostages and treatment of personnel of the United States embassy in Tehran, Iran, between November 3, 1979, and January 20, 1981. 
(c) F
UNDING .— 
(1) I MPOSITION OF SURCHARGE .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—There is imposed a sur-
charge equal to 30 percent of the amount of— 
(i) any fine or monetary penalty imposed, 
in whole or in part, for a violation of a law or regulation specified in subparagraph (B) committed on or after the date of the enact-ment of this Act; or 
(ii) the monetary amount of a settlement 
entered into by a person with respect to a suspected violation of a law or regulation specified in subparagraph (B) related to ac-tivities undertaken on or after such date of enactment. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:37 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JN6.027 S10JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4040 June 10, 2015 
(B) L AWS AND REGULATIONS SPECIFIED .—A 
law or regulation specified in this subpara-graph is any law or regulation that provides for a civil or criminal fine or monetary pen-alty for any economic activity relating to Iran that is administered by the Department of State, the Department of the Treasury, the Department of Justice, the Department of Commerce, or the Department of Energy. 
(C) T
ERMINATION OF DEPOSITS .—The imposi-
tion of the surcharge under subparagraph (A) shall terminate on the date on which all amounts described in subsection (d)(2) have been distributed to all recipients described in that subsection. 
(D) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
this paragraph shall be construed to require a person that is found to have violated a law or regulation specified in subparagraph (B) to pay a surcharge under subparagraph (A) if that person has not been assessed a fine or monetary penalty described in clause (i) of subparagraph (A) or entered into a settle-ment described in clause (ii) of that subpara-graph for that violation. 
(2) D
EPOSITS INTO FUND ; AVAILABILITY OF  
AMOUNTS .— 
(A) D EPOSITS .—The Secretary of the Treas-
ury shall deposit in the Fund all surcharges collected pursuant to paragraph (1)(A), all contributions collected pursuant to para-graph (3), and any other funds made avail-able pursuant to paragraph (4). 
(B) P
AYMENT OF SURCHARGE TO SECRETARY  
OF THE TREASURY .—A person upon which a 
surcharge is imposed under paragraph (1)(A) shall pay the surcharge to the Secretary without regard to whether the fine or pen-alty with respect to which the surcharge is imposed— 
(i) is paid directly to the Federal agency 
that administers the law or regulation pur-suant to which the fine or penalty is im-posed; or 
(ii) is deemed satisfied by a payment to an-
other Federal agency. 
(C) A
VAILABILITY OF AMOUNTS IN FUND .— 
Amounts in the Fund shall be available, without further appropriation, to make pay-ments under subsection (d). 
(3) C
ONTRIBUTIONS .—The President may ac-
cept such amounts as may be contributed by individuals, business concerns, governments, or other entities for payments under this section and deposit such amounts into the Fund. 
(4) O
THER RESOURCES .—The President may 
identify and use other funds available for compensating claims under this section and deposit such amounts into the Fund. 
(d) D
ISTRIBUTION OF FUNDS .— 
(1) A DMINISTRATION OF FUND .—Payments 
from the Fund shall be administered by the Secretary of State in accordance with such rules and procedures as the Secretary may prescribe. 
(2) P
AYMENTS .—Subject to paragraphs (3) 
and (4), payments shall be made from the Fund to the following recipients in the fol-lowing amounts: 
(A) To each living former hostage identi-
fied as a member of the proposed class de-scribed in subsection (b)(1), $6,750 for each day of captivity of the former hostage. 
(B) To the estate of each deceased former 
hostage identified as a member of the pro-posed class described in subsection (b)(1), $6,750 for each day of captivity of the former hostage. 
(C) To each spouse of a former hostage 
identified as a member of the proposed class described in subsection (b)(1) if the spouse is identified as a member of that proposed class, $600,000. 
(3) P
RIORITY .—Payments from the Fund 
shall be distributed under paragraph (2) in the following order: (A) First, to each living former hostage de-
scribed in paragraph (2)(A). 
(B) Second, to the estate of each deceased 
former hostage described in paragraph (2)(B). 
(C) Third, to each spouse of a former hos-
tage described in paragraph (2)(C). 
(4) C
ONSENT OF RECIPIENT .—A payment to a 
recipient from the Fund under paragraph (2) shall be made only after receiving the con-sent of the recipient. 
(e) P
RECLUSION OF FUTURE ACTIONS AND RE-
LEASE OF CLAIMS .— 
(1) P RECLUSION OF FUTURE ACTIONS .—A re-
cipient of a payment under subsection (d) may not file or maintain an action against Iran in any Federal or State court for any claim relating to the events described in sub-section (b)(2). 
(2) R
ELEASE OF ALL CLAIMS .—Upon the pay-
ment of all amounts described in subsection (d)(2) to all recipients described in that sub-section, all claims against Iran relating to the events described in subsection (b)(2) shall be deemed waived and forever released. 
(f) D
EPOSIT OF REMAINING FUNDS INTO THE  
TREASURY .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Any amounts remaining 
in the Fund after the date specified in para-graph (2) shall be deposited in the general fund of the Treasury. 
(2) D
ATE SPECIFIED .—The date specified in 
this paragraph is the later of— 
(A) the date on which all amounts de-
scribed in subsection (d)(2) have been made to all recipients described in that subsection; or 
(B) the date that is 5 years after the date 
of the enactment of this Act. 
(g) N
OJUDICIAL REVIEW .—Decisions made 
under this section shall not be subject to re-view in any judicial, administrative, or other proceeding. 
(h) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS ON COMPLETION OF  
PAYMENTS .—Not later than 60 days after de-
termining that a law or regulation specified in subsection (c)(1)(B) is terminated or sus-pended or that amounts in the Fund will be insufficient for the payment of all amounts described in subsection (d)(2) to all recipi-ents described in that subsection by the date that is 444 days after the date of the enact-ment of this Act, the Secretary of State shall submit to Congress recommendations to expedite the completion of the payment of those amounts. 
SEC. 5123. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON ANTI-ISRAEL 
AND ANTI-SEMITIC INCITEMENT WITHIN THE PALESTINIAN AUTHOR-ITY. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds that the 1995 
Interim Agreement on the West Bank and the Gaza Strip, commonly referred to as Oslo II, specifically details that Israel and the Palestinian Authority shall ‘‘abstain from incitement, including hostile propaganda, against each other and, without derogating from the principle of freedom of expression, shall take legal measures to prevent such in-citement by any organizations, groups or in-dividuals within their jurisdiction’’. 
(b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—Congress— 
(1) expresses support and admiration for in-
dividuals and organizations working to en-courage cooperation between Israeli Jews and Palestinians, including— 
(A) Professor Mohammed Dajani Daoudi, 
who took students from al-Quds University in Jerusalem to visit Auschwitz in March 2014 only to return to death threats by fellow Palestinians and expulsion from his teach-er’s union; 
(B) the Israel Palestine Center for Re-
search and Information, the only joint Israeli-Palestinian public policy think-tank, 
(C) United Hatzalah, a nonprofit, fully vol-
unteer Emergency Medical Services organi-zation that, mobilizing volunteers who are religious or secular Jews, Arabs, Muslims, and Christians, provides EMS services to all 
people in Israel regardless of race, religion, or national origin; and 
(D) Breaking the Impasse, an apolitical 
initiative of Palestinian and Israeli business and civil society leaders who advocate for a two-state solution and an urgent diplomatic solution to the conflict; 
(2) reiterates strong condemnation of anti- 
Israel and anti-Semitic incitement in the Palestinian Authority as antithetical to the stated desire to achieve a just, lasting, and comprehensive peace settlement; and 
(3) urges President Abbas and Palestinian 
Authority officials to discontinue all official incitement that runs contrary to the deter-mination to put an end to decades of con-frontation. 
SEC. 5124. SUPPORT FOR THE SOVEREIGNTY, 
INDEPENDENCE, TERRITORIAL IN-TEGRITY, AND INVIOLABILITY OF POST-SOVIET COUNTRIES IN LIGHT OF RUSSIAN AGGRESSION AND IN-TERFERENCE. 
It is the sense of Congress that Congress— 
(1) supports the sovereignty, independence, 
territorial integrity, and inviolability of post-Soviet countries within their inter-nationally recognized borders; 
(2) expresses deep concern over increas-
ingly aggressive actions by the Russian Fed-eration; 
(3) is committed to providing sufficient 
funding for the Bureau of European and Eur-asian Affairs of the Department of State to address subversive and destabilizing activi-ties by the Russian Federation within post- Soviet countries; 
(4) supports robust engagement between 
the United States and post-Soviet countries through— 
(A) the promotion of strengthened people- 
to-people ties, including through educational and cultural exchange programs; 
(B) anticorruption assistance; (C) public diplomacy; (D) economic diplomacy; and (E) other democratic reform efforts; (5) encourages the President to further en-
hance nondefense cooperation and diplo-matic engagement with post-Soviet coun-tries; 
(6) condemns the subversive and desta-
bilizing activities undertaken by the Russian Federation within post-Soviet countries; 
(7) encourages enhanced cooperation be-
tween the United States and the European Union to promote greater Euro-Atlantic in-tegration, including through— 
(A) the enlargement of the European 
Union; and 
(B) the Open Door policy of the North At-
lantic Treaty Organization; 
(8) urges continued cooperation between 
the United States and the European Union to maintain sanctions against the Russian Fed-eration until the Government of Russia has— 
(A) fully implemented all provisions of the 
Minsk agreements, done at Minsk September 5, 2014 and February 12, 2015; and 
(B) demonstrated respect for the territorial 
sovereignty of Ukraine; 
(9) calls on the member states of the Euro-
pean Union to extend the current sanctions regime against the Russian Federation; and 
(10) urges the consideration of additional 
sanctions if the Russian Federation continue to engage in subversive and destabilizing ac-tivities within post-Soviet countries. 
SEC. 5125. RUSSIAN PROPAGANDA REPORT. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that— 
(1) the Russian Federation is waging a 
propaganda war against the United States and our allies; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:37 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JN6.027 S10JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4041 June 10, 2015 
(2) a successful strategy must be imple-
mented to counter the threat posed by Rus-sian propaganda. 
(b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 120 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually for the following 3 years, the Sec-retary, in consultation with appropriate Fed-eral officials, shall submit an unclassified re-port, with a classified annex, to the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations of the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives that contains a de-tailed analysis of— 
(1) the recent use of propaganda by the 
Government of Russia, including— 
(A) the forms of propaganda used, includ-
ing types of media and programming; 
(B) the principal countries and regions tar-
geted by Russian propaganda; and 
(C) the impact of Russian propaganda on 
such targets; 
(2) the response by United States allies, 
particularly European allies, to counter the threat of Russian propaganda; 
(3) the response by the United States to the 
threat of Russian propaganda; 
(4) the extent of the effectiveness of pro-
grams currently in use to counter Russian propaganda; 
(5) a strategy for improving the effective-
ness of such programs; 
(6) any additional authority needed to 
counter the threat of Russian propaganda; and 
(7) the additional funding needed to suc-
cessfully implement the strategy referred to in paragraph (5). 
SEC. 5126. APPROVAL OF EXPORT LICENCES AND 
LETTERS OF REQUEST TO ASSIST THE GOVERNMENT OF UKRAINE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .— 
(1) E XPORT LICENSE APPLICATIONS .— 
(A) S UBMISSION TO CONGRESS .—The Sec-
retary shall submit to the specified congres-sional committees a detailed list of all ex-port license applications, including requests for marketing licenses, for the sale of de-fense articles and defense services to Ukraine. 
(B) C
ONTENTS .—The list submitted under 
subparagraph (A) shall include— 
(i) the date on which the application or re-
quest was first submitted; 
(ii) the current status of each application 
or request; and 
(iii) the estimated timeline for adjudica-
tion of such applications or requests. 
(C) P RIORITY .—The Secretary should give 
priority to processing the applications and requests included on the list submitted under subparagraph (A). 
(2) L
ETTERS OF REQUEST .—The Secretary 
shall submit to the specified congressional committees a detailed list of all pending Let-ters of Request for Foreign Military Sales to Ukraine, including— 
(A) the date on which each such letter was 
first submitted; 
(B) the current status of each such letter; 
and 
(C) the estimated timeline for the adju-
dication of each such letter. 
(b) R
EPORTS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 30 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, and every 90 days thereafter until the date set forth in paragraph (2), the Secretary shall submit a report to the specified con-gressional committees that describes the status of the applications, requests for mar-keting licenses, and Letters of Request de-scribed in subsection (a). 
(2) T
ERMINATION DATE .—The date set forth 
in this paragraph is the earlier of— 
(A) the date on which the President cer-
tifies to Congress that the sovereignty and territorial integrity of the Government of Ukraine has been restored; or (B) the date that is 5 years after the date 
of the enactment of this Act. 
(c) S
PECIFIED CONGRESSIONAL COMMITTEES  
DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘speci-
fied congressional committees’’ means— 
(1) the Committee on Foreign Relations of 
the Senate; 
(2) the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the 
House of Representatives; 
(3) the Committee on Armed Services of 
the Senate; and 
(4) the Committee on Armed Services of 
the House of Representatives. 
Subtitle B—Additional Matters 
SEC. 5131. ATROCITIES PREVENTION BOARD. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—The President is au-
thorized to establish, within the Executive Office of the President, an Interagency Atrocities Prevention Board (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Board’’). 
(b) D
UTIES .—The Board is authorized— 
(1) to coordinate an interagency approach 
to preventing mass atrocities; 
(2) to propose policies to integrate the 
early warning systems of national security agencies, including intelligence agencies, with respect to incidents of mass atrocities and to coordinate the policy response to such incidents; 
(3) to identify relevant Federal agencies, 
which shall track and report on Federal funding spent on atrocity prevention efforts; 
(4) to oversee the development and imple-
mentation of comprehensive atrocities pre-vention and response strategies; 
(5) to identify available resources and pol-
icy options necessary to prevent the emer-gence or escalation of mass atrocities; 
(6) to identify and propose policies to close 
gaps in expertise, readiness, and planning for atrocities prevention and early action across Federal agencies, including training for em-ployees at relevant Federal agencies; 
(7) to engage relevant civil society and 
nongovernmental organization stakeholders in regular consultations to solicit current in-formation on countries of concern; and 
(8) to conduct an atrocity-specific expert 
review of policy and programming of all countries at risk for mass atrocities. 
(c) L
EADERSHIP .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Board shall be headed 
by a Senior Director, who— 
(A) shall be appointed by the President; 
and 
(B) shall report to the Assistant to the 
President for National Security Affairs. 
(2) R ESPONSIBILITIES .—The Senior Director 
is authorized to have primary responsibility for— 
(A) recommending and, if adopted, pro-
moting United States Government policies on preventing mass atrocities; and 
(B) carrying out the duties described in 
subsection (b). 
(d) C
OMPOSITION .—The Board shall be com-
posed of— 
(1) representatives from— (A) the Department of State; (B) the United States Agency for Inter-
national Development; 
(C) the Department of Defense; (D) the Department of Justice; (E) the Department of the Treasury; (F) the Department of Homeland Security; (G) the Central Intelligence Agency; (H) the Office of the Director of National 
Intelligence; 
(I) the United States Mission to the United 
Nations; and 
(J) the Federal Bureau of Investigation; 
and 
(2) such other individuals as the President 
may appoint. 
(e) C
OORDINATION .—The Board is authorized 
to coordinate with relevant officials and gov-ernment agencies responsible for foreign pol-icy with respect to particular regions and 
countries to help provide a cohesive, whole of government response and policy direction to emerging and ongoing atrocities. 
(f) R
EPORT .—Not later than 90 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the President shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a classified report, with an unclassified annex, which shall in-clude— 
(1) an update on the interagency review 
mandated by Presidential Study Directive 10 that includes— 
(A) an evaluation of current mechanisms 
and capacities for government-wide detec-tion, early warning, information-sharing, contingency planning, and coordination of efforts to prevent and respond to situations of genocide, mass atrocities, and other mass violence, including such mass gender- and ethnicity-based violence; 
(B) an assessment of the funding spent by 
relevant Federal agencies on atrocity pre-vention activities; 
(C) current annual global assessments of 
sources of conflict and instability; 
(D) recommendations to further strengthen 
United States capabilities to improve the mechanisms described in subparagraph (A); and 
(E) evaluations of the various approaches 
to enhancing capabilities and improving the mechanisms described in subparagraph (A); 
(2) recommendations to ensure burden 
sharing by— 
(A) improving international cooperation 
and coordination to enhance multilateral mechanisms for preventing genocide and atrocities, including improving the role of regional and international organizations in conflict prevention, mitigation, and re-sponse; and 
(B) strengthening regional organizations; 
and 
(3) the implementation status of the rec-
ommendations contained in the interagency review described in paragraph (1). 
(g) M
ATERIALS AND BRIEFINGS .—The Senior 
Director and the members of the Board shall brief the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives at least annually. 
(h) S
UNSET .—This section shall cease to be 
effective on June 30, 2017. 
SEC. 5132. UNITED STATES ENGAGEMENT IN THE 
INDO-PACIFIC. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 90 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State shall submit a com-prehensive assessment to the Chairmen and Ranking Members of the Committee on For-eign Relations of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives of the United States engage-ment in the Indo-Pacific, including with partners across the Indo-Pacific region. 
(b) E
LEMENTS .—The assessment submitted 
under subsection (a) shall include— 
(1) a review of current and emerging 
United States diplomatic, national security, and economic interests and trends in the Indo-Pacific region; 
(2) a review of resources devoted to United 
States diplomatic, economic, trade, develop-ment, and cultural engagement and plans in the Indo-Pacific region during the 10-year pe-riod ending on the date of the enactment of this Act; 
(3) options for the realignment of United 
States engagement in the Indo-Pacific re-gion to respond to new opportunities and challenges, including linking United States strategy more broadly across the Indo-Pa-cific region; and 
(4) the views of noted policy leaders and re-
gional experts, including leaders and experts 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:37 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JN6.027 S10JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4042 June 10, 2015 
in the Indo-Pacific region, on the opportuni-
ties and challenges to United States engage-ment across the Indo-Pacific region. 
(c) C
ONSULTATION .—The Secretary, as ap-
propriate, shall consult with— 
(1) other United States Government agen-
cies; and 
(2) independent, nongovernmental organi-
zations with recognized credentials and ex-pertise in foreign policy, national security, and international economic affairs that have access to policy experts throughout the United States and from the Indo-Pacific re-gion. 
SEC. 5133. JOINT ACTION PLAN TO COMBAT PREJ-
UDICE AND DISCRIMINATION AND TO FOSTER INCLUSION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary is author-
ized to enter into a bilateral joint action plan with the European Union to combat prejudice and discrimination and to foster inclusion (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Joint Action Plan’’). 
(b) C
ONTENTS OF JOINT ACTION PLAN.—The 
Joint Action Plan shall— 
(1) address anti-Semitism; (2) address prejudice against, and the dis-
criminatory treatment of, racial, ethnic, and religious minorities; 
(3) promote equality of opportunity for ac-
cess to quality education and economic op-portunities; and 
(4) promote equal treatment by the justice 
system. 
(c) C
OOPERATION .—In developing the Joint 
Action Plan, the Secretary shall— 
(1) leverage interagency policy expertise in 
the United States and Europe; 
(2) develop partnerships among civil soci-
ety and private sector stakeholders; and 
(3) draw upon the extensive work done by 
the Organization for Security and Co-oper-ation in Europe to address anti-Semitism. 
(d) I
NITIATIVES .—The Joint Action Plan 
may include initiatives for promoting equal-ity of opportunity and methods of elimi-nating prejudice and discrimination based on religion, race, or ethnicity, including— 
(1) training programs; (2) regional initiatives to promote equality 
of opportunity through the strengthening of democratic institutions; 
(3) public-private partnerships with enter-
prises and nongovernmental organizations; 
(4) exchanges of technical experts; (5) scholarships and fellowships; and (6) political empowerment and leadership 
initiatives. 
(e) D
EPUTY ASSISTANT SECRETARY .—The 
Secretary shall task an existing Deputy As-sistant Secretary with the responsibility for coordinating the implementation of the Joint Action Plan with his or her European Union counterpart. 
(f) L
EGAL EFFECTS .—Any Joint Action 
Plan adopted under this section— 
(1) shall not be legally binding; and (2) shall create no rights or obligations 
under international or United States law. 
(g) R
ULES OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
this section may be construed to authorize— 
(1) the Secretary to enter into a legally 
binding agreement or Joint Action Plan with the European Union; or 
(2) any additional appropriations for the 
purposes and initiatives described in this section. 
(h) P
ROGRESS REPORT .—Not later than 180 
days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit a progress report on the development of the Joint Ac-tion Plan to the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions of the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representa-tives. 
SEC. 5134. REPORT ON DEVELOPING COUNTRY 
DEBT SUSTAINABILITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary, in coordination with the Sec-
retary of Treasury, shall submit a report containing an assessment of the current ex-ternal debt environment for developing countries and identifying particular near- 
term risks to debt sustainability to— 
(1) the appropriate congressional commit-
tees; 
(2) the Committee on Banking, Housing, 
and Urban Affairs of the Senate; and 
(3) the Committee on Financial Services of 
the House of Representatives. 
(b) C
ONTENTS .—The report submitted under 
subsection (a) shall assess— 
(1) the impact of new lending relationships, 
including the role of new creditors; 
(2) the adequacy of current multilateral 
surveillance mechanisms in guarding against debt distress in developing countries; 
(3) the ability of developing countries to 
borrow on global capital markets; and 
(4) the interaction between debt sustain-
ability objectives of the developing world and the development-oriented investment agenda of the G–20, including the impact of— 
(A) current debt sustainability objectives 
on investment in developing countries; and 
(B) investment objectives proposed by the 
G–20 on the ability to meet the goals of— 
(i) the Heavily Indebted Poor Country Ini-
tiative; and 
(ii) the Multilateral Debt Relief Initiative. 
SEC. 5135. UNITED STATES STRATEGY TO PRE-
VENT AND RESPOND TO GENDER- BASED VIOLENCE GLOBALLY. 
(a) G LOBAL STRATEGY REQUIREMENT .—Not 
later than 180 days after the date of the en-actment of this Act, and biennially there-after for 6 years, the Secretary of State shall develop or update a United States global strategy to prevent and respond to violence against women and girls. The strategy shall be transmitted to the appropriate congres-sional committees and made publicly avail-able on the Internet. 
(b) I
NITIAL STRATEGY .—For the purposes of 
this section, the ‘‘United States Strategy to Prevent and Respond to Gender-Based Vio-lence Globally’’, issued in August 2012, shall be deemed to fulfill the initial requirement of subsection (a). 
(c) C
OLLABORATION AND COORDINATION .—In 
developing the strategy under subsection (a), the Secretary of State shall consult with— 
(1) the heads of relevant Federal agencies; (2) the Senior Policy Operating Group on 
Trafficking in Persons; and 
(3) representatives of civil society and mul-
tilateral organizations with demonstrated experience in addressing violence against women and girls or promoting gender equal-ity internationally. 
(d) P
RIORITY COUNTRY SELECTION .—To fur-
ther the objectives of the strategy described in subsection (a), the Secretary shall iden-tify no less than 4 eligible low-income and lower-middle income countries with signifi-cant levels of violence against women and girls, including within displaced commu-nities, that have the governmental or non-governmental organizational capacity to manage and implement gender-based vio-lence prevention and response program ac-tivities and should, when possible, be geo-graphically, ethnically, and culturally di-verse from one another. 
(e) C
OUNTRY PLANS .—In each country iden-
tified under subsection (d) the Secretary shall develop comprehensive, multisectoral, and holistic individual country plans de-signed to address and respond to violence against women and girls that include— 
(1) an assessment and description of the 
current or potential capacity of the govern-ment of each identified country and civil so-ciety organizations in each such identified country to address and respond to violence against women and girls; (2) an identification of coordination mech-
anisms with Federal agencies that— 
(A) have existing programs relevant to the 
strategy; 
(B) will be involved in new program activi-
ties; and 
(C) are engaged in broader United States 
strategies around development; 
(3) a description of the monitoring and 
evaluation mechanisms established for each identified country, and their intended use in assessing overall progress in prevention and response; 
(4) a projection of the general levels of re-
sources needed to achieve the stated objec-tives in each identified country, including an accounting of— 
(A) activities and funding already ex-
pended by the Department of State, the United States Agency for International De-velopment, other Federal agencies, donor country governments, and multilateral insti-tutions; and 
(B) leveraged private sector resources; and (5) strategies, as appropriate, designed to 
accommodate the needs of stateless, dis-abled, internally displaced, refugee, or reli-gious or ethnic minority women and girls. 
(f) R
EPORT ON PRIORITY COUNTRY SELECTION  
ANDCOUNTRY PLANS .—Not more than 90 days 
after selection of the priority countries re-quired under subsection (d), and annually thereafter, the Secretary of State shall sub-mit to the appropriate congressional com-mittees a report detailing the priority coun-try selection process, the development of specific country plans, and include an over-view of all programming and specific activi-ties being undertaken, the budget resources requested, and the specific activities to be supported by each Executive agency under the strategy if such resources are provided. 
(g) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
this section may be construed to authorize any additional appropriations for the pur-poses and initiatives of this section. 
SEC. 5136. INTERNATIONAL CORRUPTION AND 
ACCOUNTABILITY. 
(a) A NNUAL REPORT .—Not later than June 1 
of each year, the Secretary, in consultation with the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development (re-ferred to in this section as the ‘‘USAID Ad-ministrator’’), the Secretary of Defense, and the heads of appropriate intelligence agen-cies, shall submit to the appropriate congres-sional committees a Country Report on Cor-ruption Practices, with a classified annex, which shall include information about coun-tries for which a corruption analysis was conducted under subsection (b). 
(b) C
ORRUPTION ANALYSIS ELEMENTS .—The 
corruption analysis conducted under this subsection should include, among other ele-ments— 
(1) an analysis of individuals and associa-
tions that comprise corruption networks in the country, including, as applicable— 
(A) government officials; (B) private sector actors; (C) criminals; and (D) members of illegal armed groups; (2) the identification of the state functions 
that have been captured by corrupt networks in the country, including, as applicable func-tions of— 
(A) the judicial branch; (B) the taxing authority; (C) the central bank; and (D) specific military or police units; (3) the identification of— (A) the key economic activities, whether 
licit or illicit, which are dominated by mem-bers of the corrupt network; and 
(B) other revenue streams that enrich such 
members; and 
(4) the identification of enablers of corrupt 
practices, within the country and outside the country. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:37 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00066 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JN6.027 S10JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4043 June 10, 2015 
(c) P UBLICATION AND BRIEFINGS .—The Sec-
retary shall— 
(1) publish the Country Report on Corrup-
tion and Accountability submitted under subsection (a) on the website of the Depart-ment; and 
(2) brief the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions of the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representa-tives on the information contained in the re-port published under paragraph (1). 
SEC. 5137. QUADRENNIAL DIPLOMACY AND DE-
VELOPMENT REVIEW. 
(a) R EQUIREMENT .— 
(1) Q UADRENNIAL REVIEWS REQUIRED .— 
Under the direction of the President, the Secretary of State shall every 4 years, dur-ing a year following a year evenly divisible by 4, conduct a review of United States di-plomacy and development (to be known as a ‘‘quadrennial diplomacy and development re-view’’). 
(2) S
COPE OF REVIEWS .—Each quadrennial 
diplomacy and development review shall be a comprehensive examination of the national diplomacy and development policy and stra-tegic framework of the United States for the next 4-year period until a subsequent review is due under paragraph (1). The review shall include— 
(A) recommendations regarding the long- 
term diplomacy and development policy and strategic framework of the United States; 
(B) priorities of the United States for di-
plomacy and development; and 
(C) guidance on the related programs, as-
sets, capabilities, budget, policies, and au-thorities of the Department of State and United States Agency for International De-velopment. 
(3) C
ONSULTATION .—In conducting each 
quadrennial diplomacy and development re-view, after consultation with Department of State and United States Agency for Inter-national Development officials, the Sec-retary of State should consult with— 
(A) the heads of other relevant Federal 
agencies, including the Secretary of Defense, the Secretary of the Treasury, the Secretary of Homeland Security, the Attorney General, the Secretary of Health and Human Services, the Secretary of Agriculture, the Secretary of Commerce, the Chief Executive Officer of the Millennium Challenge Corporation, and the Director of National Intelligence; 
(B) any other Federal agency that provides 
foreign assistance, including at a minimum the Export-Import Bank of the United States and the Overseas Private Investment Cor-poration; 
(C) the Committee on Foreign Relations 
and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and, as ap-propriate, other members of Congress; and 
(D) other relevant governmental and non-
governmental entities, including private sec-tor representatives, academics, and other policy experts. 
(b) C
ONTENTS OF REVIEW .—Each quadren-
nial diplomacy and development review shall— 
(1) delineate, as appropriate, the national 
diplomacy and development policy and stra-tegic framework of the United States, con-sistent with appropriate national, Depart-ment of State, and United States Agency for International Development strategies, stra-tegic plans, and relevant presidential direc-tives, including the national security strat-egy prescribed pursuant to section 108 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 404a); 
(2) outline and prioritize the full range of 
critical national diplomacy and development areas, capabilities, and resources, including those implemented across agencies, and ad-dress the full range of challenges confronting 
the United States in this regard; 
(3) describe the interagency cooperation, 
and preparedness of relevant Federal assets, and the infrastructure, budget plan, and other elements of the diplomacy and devel-opment policies and programs of the United States required to execute successfully the full range of mission priorities outlined under paragraph (2); 
(4) describe the roles of international orga-
nizations and multilateral institutions in ad-vancing United States diplomatic and devel-opment objectives, including the mecha-nisms for coordinating and harmonizing de-velopment policies and programs with part-ner countries and among donors; 
(5) identify the budget plan required to 
provide sufficient resources to successfully execute the full range of mission priorities outlined under paragraph (2); 
(6) include an assessment of the organiza-
tional alignment of the Department of State and the United States Agency for Inter-national Development with the national di-plomacy and development policy and stra-tegic framework referred to in paragraph (1) and the diplomacy and development mission priorities outlined under paragraph (2); 
(7) review and assess the effectiveness of 
the management mechanisms of the Depart-ment of State and the United States Agency for International Development for executing the strategic priorities outlined in the quad-rennial diplomacy and development review, including the extent to which such effective-ness has been enhanced since the previous re-port; and 
(8) the relationship between the require-
ments of the quadrennial diplomacy and de-velopment review and the acquisition strat-egy and expenditure plan within the Depart-ment of State and the United States Agency for International Development. 
(c) F
OREIGN AFFAIRS POLICY BOARD RE-
VIEW.—The Secretary of State should apprise 
the Foreign Affairs Policy Board on an ongo-ing basis of the work undertaken in the con-duct of the quadrennial diplomacy and devel-opment review. 
(d) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
this section may be construed to authorize any additional appropriations for the pur-poses and initiatives under this section. 
SEC. 5138. DISAPPEARED PERSONS IN MEXICO, 
GUATEMALA, HONDURAS, AND EL SALVADOR. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-
lowing findings: 
(1) The United States— (A) values governance, security, and the 
rule of law in Mexico and Central America; and 
(B) has reemphasized its commitment to 
this region following the humanitarian crisis of unaccompanied children from these coun-tries across the international border between the United States and Mexico in 2014. 
(2) Individuals migrating from Central 
America to the United States face great peril during their journey. Many go missing along the way and are often never heard from 
again. 
(b) R
EPORT OF DISAPPEARED PERSONS .—Not 
later than 180 days after the date of the en-actment of this Act, and annually thereafter, the Secretary, in close consultation with the Administrator of the Drug Enforcement Agency, the Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity, the Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the heads of other rel-evant Federal agencies, shall submit a report to the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives that includes— 
(1) the number of cases of enforced dis-
appearances in Mexico, Guatemala, Hon-duras, and El Salvador; (2) an assessment of causes for the dis-
appearances described in paragraph (1); 
(3) the primary individuals and groups re-
sponsible for such disappearances; and 
(4) the official government response in 
those countries to account for such dis-appeared persons. 
SEC. 5139. REPORT ON IMPLEMENTATION BY THE 
GOVERNMENT OF BAHRAIN OF REC-OMMENDATIONS FROM THE BAH-RAIN INDEPENDENT COMMISSION OF INQUIRY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 60 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit an unclassified report to the appropriate congressional com-mittees that describes the implementation by the Government of Bahrain of the rec-ommendations contained in the 2011 Report of the Bahrain Independent Commission of Inquiry (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Bahrain Report’’). 
(b) C
ONTENT .—The report required under 
subsection (a) shall include— 
(1) a description of the specific steps taken 
by the Government of Bahrain to implement each of the 26 recommendations contained in the Bahrain Report; 
(2) an assessment of whether the Govern-
ment of Bahrain has ‘‘fully complied with’’, ‘‘partially implemented’’, or ‘‘not meaning-fully implemented’’ each recommendation referred to in paragraph (1); and 
(3) an assessment of the impact of the find-
ings in the Bahrain Report for the United States security posture in the Arab Gulf and the area of responsibility of the United States Central Command. 
SEC. 5140. REPORT ON UNITED STATES HUMANI-
TARIAN ASSISTANCE TO HAITI AND WHETHER RECENT ELECTIONS IN HAITI MEET INTERNATIONAL ELEC-TION STANDARDS. 
(a) R EAUTHORIZATION .—Section 5(a) of the 
Assessing Progress in Haiti Act of 2014 (22 U.S.C. 2151 note) is amended by striking ‘‘De-cember 31, 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2022’’. 
(b) R
EPORT .—Section 5(b) of the Assessing 
Progress in Haiti Act of 2014 (22 U.S.C. 2151 note) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (12), by striking ‘‘and’’ at 
the end; 
(2) in paragraph (13), by striking the period 
at the end and inserting a semicolon; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(14) a determination of whether recent 
Haitian elections are free, fair and respon-sive to the people of Haiti; and 
‘‘(15) a description of any attempts to dis-
qualify candidates for political officers in Haiti for political reasons.’’. 
SEC. 5141. SENSE OF CONGRESS WITH RESPECT 
TO THE IMPOSITION OF ADDITIONAL SANCTIONS AGAINST THE DEMO-CRATIC PEOPLE’S REPUBLIC OF KOREA. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-
lowing findings: 
(1) The Democratic People’s Republic of 
Korea (in this section referred to as the ‘‘DPRK’’) tested nuclear weapons on 3 sepa-rate occasions, in October 2006, in May 2009, and in February 2013. 
(2) Nuclear experts have reported that the 
DPRK may currently have as many as 20 nu-clear warheads and has the potential to pos-sess as many as 100 warheads within the next 5 years. 
(3) According to the 2014 Department of De-
fense report, ‘‘Military and Security Devel-opments Involving the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea’’ (in this subsection re-ferred to as the ‘‘2014 DoD report’’), the DPRK has proliferated nuclear technology to Libya via the proliferation network of Paki-stani scientist A.Q. Khan. 
(4) According to the 2014 DoD report, 
‘‘North Korea also provided Syria with nu-clear reactor technology until 2007.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:37 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00067 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JN6.027 S10JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4044 June 10, 2015 
(5) On September 6, 2007, as part of ‘‘Oper-
ation Orchard’’, the Israeli Air Force de-stroyed the suspected nuclear facility in Syria. 
(6) According to the 2014 DoD report, 
‘‘North Korea has exported conventional and ballistic missile-related equipment, compo-nents, materials, and technical assistance to countries in Africa, Asia, and the Middle East.’’. 
(7) On November 29, 1987, DPRK agents 
planted explosive devices onboard Korean Air flight 858, which killed all 115 passengers and crew on board. 
(8) On March 26, 2010, the DPRK fired upon 
and sank the South Korean warship Cheonan, killing 46 of her crew. 
(9) On November 23, 2010, the DPRK shelled 
South Korea’s Yeonpyeong Island, killing 4 South Korean citizens. 
(10) On February 7, 2014, the United Na-
tions Commission of Inquiry on human rights in DPRK (in this subsection referred to as the ‘‘Commission of Inquiry’’) released a report detailing the atrocious human rights record of the DPRK. 
(11) Dr. Michael Kirby, Chair of the Com-
mission of Inquiry, stated on March 17, 2014, ‘‘The Commission of Inquiry has found sys-tematic, widespread, and grave human rights violations occurring in the Democratic Peo-ple’s Republic of Korea. It has also found a disturbing array of crimes against humanity. These crimes are committed against inmates of political and other prison camps; against starving populations; against religious be-lievers; against persons who try to flee the country—including those forcibly repatri-ated by China.’’. 
(12) Dr. Michael Kirby also stated, ‘‘These 
crimes arise from policies established at the highest level of the State. They have been committed, and continue to take place in the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea, be-cause the policies, institutions, and patterns of impunity that lie at their heart remain in place. The gravity, scale, duration, and na-ture of the unspeakable atrocities com-mitted in the country reveal a totalitarian State that does not have any parallel in the contemporary world.’’. 
(13) The Commission of Inquiry also notes, 
‘‘Since 1950, the Democratic People’s Repub-lic of Korea has engaged in the systematic abduction, denial of repatriation, and subse-quent enforced disappearance of persons from other countries on a large scale and as a matter of State policy. Well over 200,000 persons, including children, who were brought from other countries to the Demo-cratic People’s Republic of Korea may have 
become victims of enforced disappearance,’’ and states that the DPRK has failed to ac-count or address this injustice in any way. 
(14) According to reports and analysis from 
organizations such as the International Net-work for the Human Rights of North Korean Overseas Labor, the Korea Policy Research Center, NK Watch, the Asian Institute for Policy Studies, the Center for International and Strategic Studies, and the George W. Bush Institute, there may currently be as many as 100,000 North Korean overseas labor-ers in various nations around the world. 
(15) Such forced North Korean laborers are 
often subjected to harsh working conditions under the direct supervision of DPRK offi-cials, and their salaries contribute to any-where from $150,000,000 to $230,000,000 a year to the DPRK state coffers. 
(16) According to the Director of National 
Intelligence’s 2015 Worldwide Threat Assess-ment, ‘‘North Korea’s nuclear weapons and missile programs pose a serious threat to the United States and to the security environ-ment in East Asia.’’. 
(17) The Worldwide Threat Assessment 
states, ‘‘North Korea has also expanded the size and sophistication of its ballistic missile 
forces, ranging from close-range ballistic missiles to ICBMs, while continuing to con-duct test launches. In 2014, North Korea launched an unprecedented number of bal-listic missiles.’’. 
(18) On December 19, 2015, the Federal Bu-
reau of Investigation declared that the DPRK was responsible for a cyberattack on Sony Pictures conducted on November 24, 2014. 
(19) From 1988 to 2008, the DPRK was des-
ignated by the United States Government as a state sponsor of terrorism. 
(20) The DPRK is currently in violation of 
United Nations Security Council Resolutions 1695 (2006), 1718 (2006), 1874 (2009), 2087 (2013), and 2094 (2013). 
(21) The DPRK repeatedly violated agree-
ments with the United States and the other so-called Six-Party Talks partners (the Re-public of Korea, Japan, the Russian Federa-tion, and the People’s Republic of China) de-signed to halt its nuclear weapons program, while receiving significant concessions, in-cluding fuel, oil, and food aid. 
(22) The Six-Party Talks have not been 
held since December 2008. 
(23) On May 9, 2015, the DPRK claimed that 
it has test-fired a ballistic missile from a submarine. 
(b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that— 
(1) the DPRK represents a serious threat to 
the national security of the United States and United States allies in East Asia and to international peace and stability, and gross-ly violates the human rights of its own peo-ple; 
(2) the Secretary of State and the Sec-
retary of the Treasury should impose addi-tional sanctions against the DPRK, includ-ing targeting its financial assets around the world, specific designations relating to human rights abuses, and a redesignation of the DPRK as a state sponsor of terror; and 
(3) the President should not resume the ne-
gotiations with the DPRK, either bilaterally or as part of the Six-Party Talks, without strict preconditions, including that the DPRK— 
(A) adhere to its denuclearization commit-
ments outlined in the 2005 Joint Statement of the Six-Party Talks; 
(B) commit to halting its ballistic missile 
programs and its proliferation activities; 
(C) cease military provocations; and (D) measurably and significantly improve 
its human rights record. 
TITLE II—ORGANIZATION AND PER-
SONNEL OF THE DEPARTMENT OF STATE 
Subtitle A—Organizational Matters 
SEC. 5201. RIGHTSIZING ACCOUNTABILITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 60 days 
after receiving rightsizing recommendations 
pursuant to a review conducted by the Office of Management, Policy, Rightsizing, and In-novation relating to overseas staffing levels at United States overseas posts, the relevant chief of mission, in coordination with the relevant regional bureau, shall submit a re-sponse to the Office of Management, Policy, Rightsizing, and Innovation that describes— 
(1) any rightsizing recommendations that 
are accepted by such chief of mission and re-gional bureau; 
(2) a detailed schedule for implementation 
of any such recommendations; 
(3) any recommendations that are rejected; 
and 
(4) a detailed justification providing the 
basis for the rejection of any such rec-ommendations. 
(b) A
NNUAL REPORT .—On the date on which 
the President’s annual budget request is sub-mitted to Congress, the Secretary shall sub-mit an annual report to the appropriate con-
gressional committees that describes the status of all rightsizing recommendations and responses described in subsection (a) from the preceding 5 years, including— 
(1) a list of all such rightsizing rec-
ommendations made, including whether each such recommendation was accepted or re-jected by the relevant chief of mission and regional bureau; 
(2) for each accepted recommendation, a 
detailed description of the current status of its implementation according to the sched-ule provided pursuant to subsection (a)(2), including an explanation for any departure from, or changes to, such schedule; and 
(3) for any rejected recommendations, the 
justification provided pursuant to subsection (a)(4). 
(c) R
EPORT ON REGIONAL BUREAU STAFF -
ING.—In conjunction with each report re-
quired under subsection (b), the Secretary shall submit a supplemental report to the appropriate congressional committees that includes— 
(1) an enumeration of the domestic staff 
positions in each regional bureau of the De-partment; 
(2) a detailed explanation of the extent to 
which the staffing of each regional bureau reflects the overseas requirements of the United States within each such region; 
(3) a detailed plan, including an implemen-
tation schedule, for how the Department will seek to rectify any significant imbalances in staffing among regional bureaus or between any regional bureau and the overseas re-quirements of the United States within such region if the Secretary determines that such staffing does not reflect— 
(A) the foreign policy priorities of the 
United States; or 
(B) the effective conduct of the foreign af-
fairs of the United States; and 
(4) a detailed description of the implemen-
tation status of any plan provided pursuant to paragraph (3), including an explanation for any departure from, or changes to, the implementation schedule provided with such plan. 
SEC. 5202. INTEGRATION OF FOREIGN ECONOMIC 
POLICY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary, in con-
junction with the Under Secretary of Eco-nomic Growth, Energy, and the Environ-ment, shall establish— 
(1) foreign economic policy priorities for 
each regional bureau, including for indi-vidual countries, as appropriate; and 
(2) policies and guidance for integrating 
such foreign economic policy priorities throughout the Department. 
(b) D
EPUTY ASSISTANT SECRETARY .—Within 
each regional bureau of the Department, the Secretary shall task an existing Deputy As-sistant Secretary with appropriate training 
and background in economic and commercial affairs with the responsibility for economic matters and interests within the responsibil-ities of such regional bureau, including the integration of the foreign economic policy priorities established pursuant to subsection (a). 
(c) C
OORDINATION .—The Deputy Assistant 
Secretary given the responsibility for eco-nomic matters and interests pursuant to subsection (b) within each bureau shall— 
(1) at the direction of the relevant Assist-
ant Secretary, review and report to the As-sistant Secretary of such bureau on all eco-nomic matters and interests; and 
(2) serve as liaison with the Office of the 
Under Secretary for Economic Growth, En-ergy, and the Environment. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:37 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00068 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JN6.027 S10JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4045 June 10, 2015 
SEC. 5203. REVIEW OF BUREAU OF AFRICAN AF-
FAIRS AND BUREAU OF NEAR EAST-ERN AFFAIRS JURISDICTIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall— 
(1) conduct a review of the jurisdictional 
responsibility of the Bureau of African Af-fairs and that of the Bureau of Near Eastern Affairs relating to the North African coun-tries of Morocco, Algeria, Tunisia, and Libya; and 
(2) submit a report to the appropriate con-
gressional committees that includes— 
(A) the findings of the review conducted 
under paragraph (1); and 
(B) recommendations on whether jurisdic-
tional responsibility among the bureaus re-ferred to in paragraph (1) should be adjusted. 
(b) R
EVIEW .—The review conducted under 
subsection (a)(1) shall— 
(1) identify regional strategic priorities; (2) assess regional dynamics between the 
North Africa and Sub-Saharan Africa re-gions, including the degree to which the pri-orities identified pursuant to paragraph (1)— 
(A) are distinct between each such region; 
or 
(B) have similar application across such re-
gions; 
(3) identify current priorities and effective-
ness of United States Government regional engagement in North Africa and Sub-Saha-ran Africa, including through security as-sistance, economic assistance, humanitarian assistance, and trade; 
(4) assess the degree to which such engage-
ment is— 
(A) inefficient, duplicative, or uncoordi-
nated between the North Africa and Sub-Sa-haran Africa regions; or 
(B) otherwise harmed or limited as a result 
of the current division of jurisdictional re-sponsibilities; 
(5) assess the overall coherence and effec-
tiveness of the current division of jurisdic-tional responsibilities in Africa between the Bureau of African Affairs and the Bureau of Near Eastern Affairs, including with regard to coordination with other United States de-partments or agencies; and 
(6) assess any opportunities and costs of 
transferring jurisdictional responsibility of Morocco, Algeria, Tunisia and Libya from the Bureau of Near Eastern Affairs to the Bureau of African Affairs. 
SEC. 5204. SPECIAL ENVOYS, REPRESENTATIVES, 
ADVISORS, AND COORDINATORS. 
Not later than 90 days after the date of the 
enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit a report to the appropriate congres-sional committees on special envoys, rep-resentatives, advisors, and coordinators of the Department, which shall include— 
(1) a tabulation of the current names, 
ranks, positions, and responsibilities of all special envoy, representative, advisor, and coordinator positions at the Department, with a separate accounting of all such posi-tions at the level of Assistant Secretary (or equivalent) or above; and 
(2) for each position identified pursuant to 
paragraph (1)— 
(A) the date on which the position was cre-
ated; 
(B) the mechanism by which the position 
was created, including the authority under which the position was created; 
(C) the positions authorized under section 
1(d) of the State Department Basic Authori-ties Act of 1956 (22 U.S.C. 2651a(d)); 
(D) a description of whether, and the ex-
tent to which, the responsibilities assigned to the position duplicate the responsibilities of other current officials within the Depart-ment, including other special envoys, rep-resentatives, and advisors; (E) which current official within the De-
partment would be assigned the responsibil-ities of the position in the absence of the po-sition; 
(F) to which current official within the De-
partment the position directly reports; 
(G) the total number of staff assigned to 
support the position; and 
(H) with the exception of those created by 
statute, a detailed explanation of the neces-sity of the position to the effective conduct of the foreign affairs of the United States. 
SEC. 5205. CONFLICT PREVENTION, MITIGATION 
AND RESOLUTION, AND THE INCLU-SION AND PARTICIPATION OF WOMEN. 
Section 704 of the Foreign Service Act of 
1980 (22 U.S.C. 4024) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(e) The Secretary, in conjunction with 
the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development, shall ensure that all appropriate personnel, re-sponsible for, or deploying to, countries or regions considered to be at risk of, under-going, or emerging from violent conflict, in-cluding special envoys, members of medi-ation or negotiation teams, relevant mem-bers of the civil service or foreign service, and contractors, obtain training, as appro-priate, in the following areas, each of which shall include a focus on women and ensuring women’s meaningful inclusion and participa-tion: 
‘‘(1) Conflict prevention, mitigation, and 
resolution. 
‘‘(2) Protecting civilians from violence, ex-
ploitation, and trafficking in persons. 
‘‘(3) International human rights law and 
international humanitarian law.’’. 
SEC. 5206. INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY SYSTEM 
SECURITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall regu-
larly consult with the Director of the Na-tional Security Agency and any other de-partments or agencies the Secretary deter-mines to be appropriate regarding the secu-rity of United States Government and non-government information technology systems and networks owned, operated, managed, or utilized by the Department, including any such systems or networks facilitating the use of sensitive or classified information. 
(b) C
ONSULTATION .—In performing the con-
sultations required under subsection (a), the Secretary shall make all such systems and 
networks available to the Director of the Na-tional Security Agency and any other such departments or agencies to carry out such tests and procedures as are necessary to en-sure adequate policies and protections are in place to prevent penetrations or com-promises of such systems and networks, in-cluding by malicious intrusions by any unau-thorized individual or state actor or other entity. 
(c) S
ECURITY BREACH REPORTING .—Not 
later than 180 days after the date of the en-actment of this Act, and every 180 days thereafter, the Secretary, in consultation with the Director of the National Security Agency and any other departments or agen-cies the Secretary determines to be appro-priate, shall submit a report to the appro-priate congressional committees that de-scribes in detail— 
(1) all known or suspected penetrations or 
compromises of the systems or networks de-scribed in subsection (a) facilitating the use of classified information; and 
(2) all known or suspected significant pene-
trations or compromises of any other such systems and networks that occurred since the submission of the prior report. 
(d) C
ONTENT .—Each report submitted under 
subsection (c) shall include— 
(1) a description of the relevant informa-
tion technology system or network pene-trated or compromised; (2) an assessment of the date and time such 
penetration or compromise occurred; 
(3) an assessment of the duration for which 
such system or network was penetrated or compromised, including whether such pene-tration or compromise is ongoing; 
(4) an assessment of the amount and sensi-
tivity of information accessed and available to have been accessed by such penetration or compromise, including any such information contained on systems and networks owned, operated, managed, or utilized by any other department or agency of the United States Government; 
(5) an assessment of whether such system 
or network was penetrated by a malicious in-trusion, including an assessment of— 
(A) the known or suspected perpetrators, 
including state actors; and 
(B) the methods used to conduct such pene-
tration or compromise; and 
(6) a description of the actions the Depart-
ment has taken, or plans to take, to prevent future, similar penetrations or compromises of such systems and networks. 
SEC. 5207. ANALYSIS OF EMBASSY COST SHARING. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of 
the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit a report to the appropriate congressional com-mittees that assesses the cost-effectiveness and performance of the International Coop-erative Administrative Support Services sys-tem (referred to in this section as the ‘‘ICASS system’’), including by assessing— 
(1) the general performance of the ICASS 
system in providing cost-effective, timely, efficient, appropriate, and reliable services that meet the needs of all departments and agencies served; 
(2) the extent to which additional cost sav-
ings and greater performance can be achieved under the current ICASS system and rules; 
(3) the standards applied in the selection of 
the ICASS provider and the extent to which such standards are consistently applied; and 
(4) potential reforms to the ICASS system, 
including— 
(A) the selection of more than 1 service 
provider under certain circumstances; 
(B) options for all departments or agencies 
to opt out of ICASS entirely or to opt out of individual services, including by debundling service packages; 
(C) increasing the reliance on locally em-
ployed staff or outsourcing to local firms, as appropriate; and 
(D) other modifications to the current 
ICASS system and rules that would incentivize greater effectiveness and cost ef-ficiency. 
SEC. 5208. PARENT ADVISORY COMMITTEE TO 
THE INTERAGENCY WORKING GROUP TO PREVENT INTER-NATIONAL PARENTAL CHILD ABDUC-TION. 
Section 433(b) of the Homeland Security 
Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 241(b)) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(b) I
NTERAGENCY COORDINATION .— 
‘‘(1) I NTERAGENCY WORKING GROUP .—The 
Secretary of State shall convene and chair an interagency working group to prevent international parental child abduction, which shall be composed of presidentially ap-pointed, Senate confirmed, officials from— 
‘‘(A) the Department of State; ‘‘(B) the Department of Homeland Secu-
rity, including U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection and U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement; and 
‘‘(C) the Department of Justice, including 
the Federal Bureau of Investigation. 
‘‘(2) A
DVISORY COMMITTEE .—The Secretary 
of State shall convene an advisory com-mittee to the interagency working group es-tablished pursuant to paragraph (1), for the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:37 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00069 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JN6.027 S10JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4046 June 10, 2015 
duration of the working group’s existence, 
which shall be composed of not less than 3 left-behind parents, serving for 2-year terms, who— 
‘‘(A) shall be selected by the Secretary; 
and 
‘‘(B) shall periodically consult with such 
advisory committee on all activities of the interagency working group, as appropriate.’’. 
SEC. 5209. IMPROVING RESEARCH AND EVALUA-
TION OF PUBLIC DIPLOMACY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall— 
(1) conduct regular research and evaluation 
of public diplomacy programs and activities of the Department, including through the routine use of audience research, digital ana-lytics, and impact evaluations, to plan and execute such programs and activities; and 
(2) make the findings of the research and 
evaluations conducted under paragraph (1) available to Congress. 
(b) D
IRECTOR OF RESEARCH AND EVALUA -
TION.— 
(1) A PPOINTMENT .—Not later than 90 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall appoint a Director of Re-search and Evaluation in the Office of Pol-icy, Planning, and Resources for the Under Secretary for Public Diplomacy and Public Affairs. 
(2) L
IMITATION ON APPOINTMENT .—The ap-
pointment of a Director of Research and Evaluation pursuant to paragraph (1) shall not result in an increase in the overall full- time equivalent positions within the Depart-ment. 
(3) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—The Director of Re-
search and Evaluation shall— 
(A) coordinate and oversee the research 
and evaluation of public diplomacy programs of the Department— 
(i) to improve public diplomacy strategies 
and tactics; and 
(ii) to ensure that programs are increasing 
the knowledge, understanding, and trust of the United States by relevant target audi-ences; 
(B) report to the Director of Policy and 
Planning; 
(C) routinely organize and oversee audi-
ence research, digital analytics and impact evaluations across all public diplomacy bu-reaus and offices of the Department; 
(D) support embassy public affairs sec-
tions; 
(E) share appropriate public diplomacy re-
search and evaluation information within the Department and with other Federal de-partments and agencies; 
(F) regularly design and coordinate stand-
ardized research questions, methodologies, and procedures to ensure that public diplo-macy activities across all public diplomacy bureaus and offices are designed to meet ap-propriate foreign policy objectives; and 
(G) report quarterly to the United States 
Advisory Commission on Public Diplomacy, through the Commission’s Subcommittee on Research and Evaluation established pursu-ant to subsection (e), regarding the research and evaluation of all public diplomacy bu-reaus and offices of the Department. 
(4) G
UIDANCE AND TRAINING .—Not later than 
180 days after his or her appointment pursu-ant to paragraph (1), the Director of Re-search and Evaluation shall create guidance and training for all public diplomacy officers regarding the reading and interpretation of public diplomacy program evaluation find-ings to ensure that such findings and lessons learned are implemented in the planning and evaluation of all public diplomacy programs and activities throughout the Department. 
(c) P
RIORITIZING RESEARCH AND EVALUA -
TION.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Director of Policy, 
Planning, and Resources shall ensure that research and evaluation, as coordinated and overseen by the Director of Research and 
Evaluation, supports strategic planning and resource allocation across all public diplo-macy bureaus and offices of the Department. 
(2) A
LLOCATION OF RESOURCES .—Amounts 
allocated for the purposes of research and evaluation of public diplomacy programs and activities pursuant to subsection (a) shall be made available to be disbursed at the direc-tion of the Director of Research and Evalua-tion among the research and evaluation staff across all public diplomacy bureaus and of-fices of the Department. 
(3) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that the Department should allo-cate, for the purposes of research and evalua-tion of public diplomacy activities and pro-grams pursuant to subsection (a)— 
(A) 3 to 5 percent of program funds made 
available under the heading ‘‘
EDUCATIONAL  
AND CULTURAL EXCHANGE PROGRAMS ’’; and 
(B) 3 to 5 percent of program funds allo-
cated for public diplomacy programs under the heading ‘‘
DIPLOMATIC AND CONSULAR PRO -
GRAMS ’’. 
(d) L IMITED EXEMPTION .—The Paperwork 
Reduction Act of 1980 (44 U.S.C. 3501 et seq.) shall not apply to collections of information directed at foreign individuals conducted by, or on behalf of, the Department for the pur-pose of audience research and impact evalua-tions, in accordance with the requirements under this section and in connection with the Department’s activities conducted pursu-ant to the United States Information and Educational Exchange Act (22 U.S.C. 1431 et seq.) or the Mutual Educational and Cultural Exchange Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2451 et seq.). 
(e) A
DVISORY COMMISSION ON PUBLIC DIPLO-
MACY .— 
(1) S UBCOMMITTEE FOR RESEARCH AND EVAL -
UATION .—The Advisory Commission on Pub-
lic Diplomacy shall establish a Sub-committee for Research and Evaluation to monitor and advise on the research and eval-uation activities of the Department and the Broadcasting Board of Governors. 
(2) R
EPORT .—The Subcommittee for Re-
search and Evaluation established pursuant to paragraph (1) shall submit an annual re-port to Congress in conjunction with the Commission on Public Diplomacy’s Com-prehensive Annual Report on the perform-ance of the Department and the Broad-casting Board of Governors in carrying out research and evaluations of their respective public diplomacy programming. 
(3) R
EAUTHORIZATION .—Section 1334 of the 
Foreign Affairs Reform and Restructuring Act of 1998 (22 U.S.C. 6553) is amended by striking ‘‘October 1, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘Oc-tober 1, 2020’’. 
(f) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) A UDIENCE RESEARCH .—The term ‘‘audi-
ence research’’ means research conducted at the outset of public diplomacy program or campaign planning and design on specific au-dience segments to understand the attitudes, interests, knowledge and behaviors of such audience segments. 
(2) D
IGITAL ANALYTICS .—The term ‘‘digital 
analytics’’ means the analysis of qualitative and quantitative data, accumulated in dig-ital format, to indicate the outputs and out-comes of a public diplomacy program or campaign. 
(3) I
MPACT EVALUATION .—The term ‘‘impact 
evaluation’’ means an assessment of the changes in the audience targeted by a public diplomacy program or campaign that can be attributed to such program or campaign. 
SEC. 5210. ENHANCED INSTITUTIONAL CAPACITY 
OF THE BUREAU OF AFRICAN AF-FAIRS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall 
strengthen the institutional capacity of the Bureau of African Affairs to oversee pro-grams and engage in strategic planning and crisis management by— (1) establishing an office within the Bureau 
of African Affairs that is separate and dis-tinct from the regional affairs office specifi-cally charged with overseeing strategy de-velopment and program implementation re-lated to security assistance; 
(2) planning to facilitate the long-term 
planning process; and 
(3) developing a concrete plan to rightsize 
the Bureau of African Affairs not later than 180 days after the date enactment of this Act. 
(b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 90 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit a report to the appro-priate congressional committees that de-scribes the actions that have been taken to carry out subsection (a). 
(c) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
Nothing in this section may be construed to authorize the appropriation of additional amounts to carry out this section, and the Secretary shall use existing resources to carry out the provisions of this section. 
Subtitle B—Personnel Matters 
SEC. 5211. REVIEW OF FOREIGN SERVICE OFFI-
CER COMPENSATION. 
(a) I NDEPENDENT ASSESSMENT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 30 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall commission an inde-pendent assessment of Foreign Service Offi-cer compensation to ensure that such com-pensation is achieving its purposes and the goals of the Department, including to re-cruit, retain, and maintain the world’s pre-mier diplomatic corps. 
(2) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit a report to the appro-priate congressional committees that in-cludes— 
(A) the results of the independent assess-
ment commissioned pursuant to paragraph (1); and 
(B) the views of the Secretary regarding 
Foreign Service Officer compensation. 
(b) C
ONTENT .—The report required under 
subsection (a) shall include— 
(1) a list of all compensation received by 
Foreign Service Officers assigned domesti-cally or overseas, including base salary and any other benefits, allowances, differentials, or other financial incentives; 
(2) for each form of compensation described 
in paragraph (1)— 
(A) an explanation of its stated purpose; (B) a description of all relevant authori-
ties, including statutory authority; and 
(C) an assessment of the degree to which 
its historical and current use matches its stated purpose; and 
(3) an assessment of the effectiveness of 
each form of compensation described in para-graph (1) in— 
(A) achieving its stated purpose; (B) achieving the recruiting and retention 
goals of the Department; and 
(C) achieving the assignment placement 
needs of the Department. 
SEC. 5212. REPEAL OF RECERTIFICATION RE-
QUIREMENT FOR SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE. 
Section 305 of the Foreign Service Act of 
1980 (22 U.S.C. 3945) is amended by striking subsection (d). 
SEC. 5213. COMPENSATORY TIME OFF FOR TRAV-
EL. 
Section 5550b of title 5, United States Code, 
is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(c) The maximum amount of compen-
satory time off that may be earned under this section may not exceed 104 hours during any leave year (as defined in section 630.201(b) of title 5, Code of Federal Regula-tions).’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:37 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00070 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JN6.027 S10JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4047 June 10, 2015 
SEC. 5214. CERTIFICATES OF DEMONSTRATED 
COMPETENCE. 
Not later than 7 days after submitting the 
report required under section 304(a)(4) of the Foreign Service Act of 1980 (22 U.S.C. 3944(a)(4)) to the Committee on Foreign Re-lations of the Senate, the President shall make the report available to the public, in-cluding by posting the on the website of the Department in a conspicuous manner and lo-cation. 
SEC. 5215. FOREIGN SERVICE ASSIGNMENT RE-
STRICTIONS. 
(a) A PPEAL OF ASSIGNMENT RESTRICTION .— 
The Secretary shall establish a right and process for employees to appeal any assign-ment restriction or preclusion. 
(b) C
ERTIFICATION .—Upon full implementa-
tion of a right and process for employees to appeal an assignment restriction or pre-clusion, the Secretary shall submit a report to the appropriate congressional committees that— 
(1) certifies that such appeals process has 
been fully implemented; and 
(2) includes a detailed description of such 
process. 
(c) N
OTICE .—The Secretary shall— 
(1) publish the right and process estab-
lished pursuant to subsection (a) in the For-eign Affairs Manual; and 
(2) include a reference to such publication 
in the report required under subsection (b). 
(d) P
ROHIBITING DISCRIMINATION .—Section 
502(a)(2) of the Foreign Service Act of 1980 (22 U.S.C. 3982(a)(2)) is amended to read as fol-lows: 
‘‘(2) In making assignments under para-
graph (1), the Secretary shall ensure that a member of the Service is not assigned to, or restricted from, a position at a post in a par-ticular geographic area, or domestically in a position working on issues relating to a par-ticular geographic area, exclusively on the basis of the race, ethnicity, or religion of that member.’’. 
SEC. 5216. SECURITY CLEARANCE SUSPENSIONS. 
(a) S USPENSION .—Section 610 of the Foreign 
Service Act of 1980 (22 U.S.C. 4010) is amend-ed— 
(1) by striking the section heading and in-
serting the following: 
‘‘SEC. 610. SEPARATION FOR CAUSE; SUSPEN-
SION.’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(c)(1) In order to promote the efficiency of 
the Service, the Secretary may suspend a member of the Service without pay when— 
‘‘(A) the member’s security clearance is 
suspended; or 
‘‘(B) there is reasonable cause to believe 
that the member has committed a crime for which a sentence of imprisonment may be imposed. 
‘‘(2) Any member of the Foreign Service for 
whom a suspension is proposed under this subsection shall be entitled to— 
‘‘(A) written notice stating the specific 
reasons for the proposed suspension; 
‘‘(B) a reasonable time to respond orally 
and in writing to the proposed suspension; 
‘‘(C) representation by an attorney or 
other representative; and 
‘‘(D) a final written decision, including the 
specific reasons for such decision, as soon as practicable. 
‘‘(3) Any member suspended under this sub-
section may file a grievance in accordance with the procedures applicable to grievances under chapter 11. 
‘‘(4) If a grievance is filed under paragraph 
(3)— 
‘‘(A) the review by the Foreign Service 
Grievance Board shall be limited to a deter-mination of whether the provisions of para-graphs (1) and (2) have been fulfilled; and 
‘‘(B) the Board may not exercise the au-
thority provided under section 1106(8). ‘‘(5) In this subsection: 
‘‘(A) The term ‘reasonable time’ means— ‘‘(i) with respect to a member of the For-
eign Service assigned to duty in the United States, 15 days after receiving notice of the proposed suspension; and 
‘‘(ii) with respect to a member of the For-
eign Service assigned to duty outside the United States, 30 days after receiving notice of the proposed suspension. 
‘‘(B) The terms ‘suspend’ and ‘suspension’ 
mean placing a member of the Foreign Serv-ice in a temporary status without duties and pay.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
contents in section 2 of such Act is amended by striking the item relating to section 610 and inserting the following: 
‘‘Sec. 610. Separation for cause; suspen-
sion.’’. 
SEC. 5217. ECONOMIC STATECRAFT EDUCATION 
AND TRAINING. 
The Secretary shall establish curriculum 
at the Foreign Services Institute to develop the practical foreign economic policy exper-tise and skill sets of Foreign Service officers, including by making available distance- learning courses in commercial, economic, and business affairs, including in— 
(1) the global business environment; (2) the economics of development; (3) development and infrastructure finance; (4) current trade and investment agree-
ments negotiations; 
(5) implementing existing multilateral and 
World Trade Organization agreements, and United States trade and investment agree-ments; 
(6) best practices for customs and export 
procedures; and 
(7) market analysis and global supply 
chain management. 
SEC. 5218. REPORT ON DIVERSITY RECRUITMENT, 
EMPLOYMENT, RETENTION, AND PROMOTION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, and quadrennially thereafter, the Secretary of State shall submit a comprehensive report to Congress that— 
(1) describes the efforts, consistent with 
existing law, including procedures, effects, and results of the Department since the pe-riod covered by the prior such report, to pro-mote equal opportunity and inclusion for all American employees in direct hire and per-sonal service contractors status, particularly employees of the Foreign Service, to include equal opportunity for all races, ethnicities, ages, genders, and service-disabled veterans, with a focus on traditionally underrep-resented minority groups; 
(2) includes a section on— (A) the diversity of selection boards; (B) the employment of minority and serv-
ice-disabled veterans during the most recent 10-year period, including— 
(i) the number hired through direct hires, 
internships, and fellowship programs; 
(ii) the number promoted to senior posi-
tions, including FS–01, GS–15, Senior Execu-tive Service, and Senior Foreign Service; and 
(iii) attrition rates by grade, civil and for-
eign services, and the senior level ranks list-ed in clause (ii); 
(C) mentorship and retention programs; 
and 
(3) is organized in terms of real numbers 
and percentages at all levels. 
(b) C
ONTENTS .—Each report submitted 
under subsection (a) shall describe the ef-forts of the Department— 
(1) to propagate fairness, impartiality, and 
inclusion in the work environment domesti-cally and abroad; 
(2) to eradicate harassment, intolerance, 
and discrimination; (3) to refrain from engaging in unlawful 
discrimination in any phase of the employ-ment process, including recruitment, hiring, evaluation, assignments, promotion, reten-tion, and training; 
(4) to eliminate illegal retaliation against 
employees for participating in a protected equal employment opportunity activity; 
(5) to provide reasonable accommodation 
for qualified employees and applicants with disabilities; 
(6) to resolve workplace conflicts, con-
frontations, and complaints in a prompt, im-partial, constructive, and timely manner; 
(7) to improve demographic data avail-
ability and analysis regarding recruitment, hiring, promotion, training, length in serv-ice, assignment restrictions, and pass- through programs; 
(8) to recruit a diverse staff by— (A) recruiting women, minorities, vet-
erans, and undergraduate and graduate stu-dents; 
(B) recruiting at historically Black col-
leges and universities, Hispanic serving in-stitutions, women’s colleges, and colleges that typically serve majority minority popu-lations; 
(C) sponsoring and recruiting at job fairs in 
urban communities; 
(D) placing job advertisements in news-
papers, magazines, and job sites oriented to-ward women and people of color; 
(E) providing opportunities through the 
Foreign Service Internship Program and other hiring initiatives; and 
(F) recruiting mid- and senior-level profes-
sionals through programs such as— 
(i) the International Career Advancement 
Program; 
(ii) the Public Policy and International Af-
fairs Fellowship Program; 
(iii) the Institute for International Public 
Policy Fellowship Program; 
(iv) Seminar XXI at the Massachusetts In-
stitute of Technology’s Center for Inter-national Studies; and 
(v) other similar, highly respected, inter-
national leadership programs; and 
(9) to provide opportunities through— (A) the Charles B. Rangel International Af-
fairs Fellowship Program; 
(B) the Thomas R. Pickering Foreign Af-
fairs Fellowship Program; and 
(C) the Donald M. Payne International De-
velopment Fellowship Program. 
(c) S
COPE OF INITIAL REPORT .—The first re-
port submitted to Congress under this sec-tion shall include the information described in subsection (b) for the 3 fiscal years imme-diately preceding the fiscal year in which the report is submitted. 
SEC. 5219. EXPANSION OF THE CHARLES B. RAN-
GEL INTERNATIONAL AFFAIRS PRO-GRAM, THE THOMAS R. PICKERING FOREIGN AFFAIRS FELLOWSHIP PROGRAM, AND THE DONALD M. PAYNE INTERNATIONAL DEVELOP-MENT FELLOWSHIP PROGRAM. 
(a) A DDITIONAL FELLOWSHIPS AUTHOR -
IZED.—Beginning in fiscal year 2016, the Sec-
retary shall— 
(1) increase by 10 the number of fellows se-
lected for the Charles B. Rangel Inter-national Affairs Program; 
(2) increase by 10 the number of fellows se-
lected for the Thomas R. Pickering Foreign Affairs Fellowship Program; and 
(3) increase by 5 the number of fellows se-
lected for the Donald M. Payne International Development Fellowship Program. 
(b) P
AYNE FELLOWSHIP PROGRAM .—Under-
graduate and graduate components of the Donald M. Payne International Development Fellowship Program are authorized to con-duct outreach to attract outstanding stu-dents who represent diverse ethnic and socio-economic backgrounds with an interest in pursuing a Foreign Service career. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:37 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00071 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JN6.027 S10JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4048 June 10, 2015 
SEC. 5220. RETENTION OF MID- AND SENIOR- 
LEVEL PROFESSIONALS FROM UNDERREPRESENTED GROUPS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary should pro-
vide attention and oversight to the employ-ment, retention, and promotion of underrep-resented groups to promote a diverse ethnic representation among mid- and senior-level career professionals through programs such as— 
(1) the International Career Advancement 
Program; 
(2) Seminar XXI at the Massachusetts In-
stitute of Technology’s Center for Inter-national Studies; and 
(3) other highly respected international 
leadership programs. 
(b) R
EVIEW OF PASTPROGRAMS .—The Sec-
retary should review past programs designed to increase minority representation in inter-national affairs positions, including— 
(1) the USAID Undergraduate Cooperative 
and Graduate Economics Program; 
(2) the Public Policy and International Af-
fairs Fellowship Program; and 
(3) the Institute for International Public 
Policy Fellowship Program. 
SEC. 5221. REVIEW OF JURISDICTIONAL RESPON-
SIBILITIES OF THE SPECIAL REP-RESENTATIVE TO AFGHANISTAN AND PAKISTAN AND THE BUREAU OF SOUTH AND CENTRAL ASIAN AF-FAIRS. 
(a) R EVIEW .—The Secretary of State shall 
conduct a review of the jurisdictional re-sponsibilities of the Special Representative to Afghanistan and Pakistan (SRAP) and the Bureau of South and Central Asian Affairs (SCA). 
(b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report on the findings of the review conducted under sub-section (a), including recommendations on whether jurisdictional responsibility be-tween the 2 offices should be adjusted. 
SEC. 5222. CONGRESSIONAL NOTIFICATION OF 
COUNTRIES COMPLIANCE WITH MIN-IMUM STANDARDS FOR THE ELIMI-NATION OF TRAFFICKING. 
Section 110 of the Trafficking Victims Pro-
tection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7107) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(g) C
ONGRESSIONAL NOTIFICATION .—Not 
later than 30 days before the anticipated sub-mission of each annual report under sub-section (b)(1), the Secretary of State shall notify and brief the appropriate congres-sional committees concerning the countries that will be upgraded to a higher tier or downgraded to a lower tier in such report.’’. 
SEC. 5223. INTERNATIONAL RELIGIOUS FREEDOM 
TRAINING PROGRAM. 
Section 708 of the Foreign Service Act of 
1980 (22 U.S.C. 4028) is amended— 
(1) by redesignating subsections (b) and (c) 
as subsections (d) and (e), respectively; 
(2) in subsection (d), as redesignated, by in-
serting ‘‘R EFUGEES ’’ before ‘‘The Secretary 
of State’’; 
(3) in subsection (e), as redesignated, by in-
serting ‘‘C HILD SOLDIERS ’’ before ‘‘The Sec-
retary of State’’; and 
(4) by striking subsection (a) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(a) D EVELOPMENT OF CURRICULUM .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of State 
shall develop a curriculum for Foreign Serv-ice Officers that includes training on— 
‘‘(A) the scope and strategic value of inter-
national religious freedom; 
‘‘(B) how violations of international reli-
gious freedom harm fundamental United States interests; 
‘‘(C) how the advancement of international 
religious freedom can advance such inter-ests; ‘‘(D) how United States international reli-
gious freedom policy should be carried out in practice by United States diplomats and other Foreign Service Officers; and 
‘‘(E) the relevance and relationship of 
international religious freedom to United States defense, diplomacy, development, and public affairs efforts to combat violent ex-tremism. 
‘‘(2) R
OLE OF OTHER OFFICIALS .—The Sec-
retary of State shall carry out paragraph (1)— 
‘‘(A) with the assistance of the Ambassador 
at Large for International Religious Free-dom appointed under section 101(b) of the International Religious Freedom Act of 1998 (22 U.S.C. 6411(b)); 
‘‘(B) in coordination with the Director of 
the George P. Shultz National Foreign Af-fairs Training Center and other Federal offi-cials, as appropriate; and 
‘‘(C) in consultation with the United 
States Commission on International Reli-gious Freedom established under section 201(a) of the International Religious Free-dom Act of 1998 (22 U.S.C. 6431(a)). 
‘‘(3) R
ESOURCES .—The Secretary of State 
shall ensure the availability of sufficient re-sources to develop and implement the cur-riculum required under this subsection. 
‘‘(b) R
ELIGIOUS FREEDOM TRAINING .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than the date 
that is 1 year after the date of the enactment of the Department of State Operations Au-thorization and Embassy Security Act, Fis-cal Year 2016, the Director of the George P. Shultz National Foreign Affairs Training Center shall begin training on religious free-dom, using the curriculum developed under subsection (a), for Foreign Service officers, including— 
‘‘(A) entry level officers; ‘‘(B) officers prior to departure for posting 
outside the United States; and 
‘‘(C) incoming deputy chiefs of mission and 
ambassadors. 
‘‘(2) E
LEMENTS .—The training required 
under paragraph (1) shall be substantively incorporated into— 
‘‘(A) the A–100 course attended by Foreign 
Service Officers; 
‘‘(B) the specific country courses required 
of Foreign Service Officers prior to a posting outside the United States, with training tai-lored to— 
‘‘(i) the particular religious demography of 
such country; 
‘‘(ii) religious freedom conditions in such 
country; 
‘‘(iii) religious engagement strategies; and ‘‘(iv) United States strategies for advanc-
ing religious freedom. 
‘‘(C) the courses required of incoming dep-
uty chiefs of mission and ambassadors. 
‘‘(c) I
NFORMATION SHARING .—The cur-
riculum and training materials developed pursuant to subsections (a) and (b) shall be shared with the United States Armed Forces and all other Federal departments and agen-cies whose personnel serve as attache ´s, advi-
sors, detailees, or otherwise in United States embassies globally to provide training on— 
‘‘(1) United States religious freedom poli-
cies; 
‘‘(2) religious traditions; ‘‘(3) religious engagement strategies; ‘‘(4) religious and cultural issues; and ‘‘(5) efforts to combat terrorism and vio-
lent religious extremism.’’. 
TITLE III—INTERNATIONAL 
ORGANIZATIONS 
Subtitle A—United States Contributions to 
International Organizations 
SEC. 5301. REPORTS CONCERNING THE UNITED 
NATIONS. 
(a) R EPORT ON ANTI-SEMITIC ACTIVITY AT  
THEUNITED NATIONS AND ITSAGENCIES .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the en-
actment of this Act, and annually thereafter, the Secretary shall submit a report to the appropriate congressional committees that describes— 
(1) all activities at the United Nations and 
its subagencies that can be construed to ex-hibit an anti-Semitic bias, including official statements, proposed resolutions, and United Nations investigations; 
(2) the use of United Nations resources to 
promote anti-Semitic or anti-Israel rhetoric or propaganda, including publications, inter-net websites, and textbooks or other edu-cational materials used to propagate polit-ical rhetoric regarding the Israeli-Pales-tinian conflict; and 
(3) specific actions taken by the United 
States Government to address any of the ac-tivities described in paragraphs (1) and (2). 
(b) R
EPORT ON ALLUNITED STATES GOVERN -
MENT CONTRIBUTIONS TO THE UNITED NA-
TIONS .—Section 4(c) of the United Nations 
Participation Act of 1945 (22 U.S.C. 287b(c)) is amended— 
(1) by redesignating paragraphs (1), (2), (3), 
(4), and (5) as paragraphs (2), (3), (5), (6), and (7), respectively; and 
(2) by inserting before paragraph (2), as so 
redesignated, the following: 
‘‘(1) C
ONTRIBUTIONS TO THE UNITED NA -
TIONS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—A detailed description of 
all assessed and voluntary contributions, in-cluding in-kind contributions, of the United States to the United Nations and to each of its affiliated agencies and related bodies— 
‘‘(i) during the preceding fiscal year; ‘‘(ii) estimated for the fiscal year in which 
the report is submitted; and 
‘‘(iii) requested in the budget of the Presi-
dent submitted to Congress under section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, for the following fiscal year. 
‘‘(B) C
ONTENT .—The description required 
under subparagraph (A) shall, for each fiscal year specified in clauses (i), (ii), and (iii) of that subparagraph, include— 
‘‘(i) the total amount or value of all con-
tributions described in that subparagraph; 
‘‘(ii) the approximate percentage of all 
such contributions by the United States compared to all contributions to the United Nations and to each of its affiliated agencies and related bodies from any source; and 
‘‘(iii) for each such contribution described 
in subparagraph (A)— 
‘‘(I) the amount or value of the contribu-
tion; 
‘‘(II) whether the contribution was as-
sessed by the United Nations or voluntary; 
‘‘(III) the purpose of the contribution; ‘‘(IV) the department or agency of the 
United States Government responsible for the contribution; and 
‘‘(V) whether the United Nations or an af-
filiated agency or related body received the contribution and, if an affiliated agency or related body received the contribution, which such agency or body. 
‘‘(C) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY OF INFORMA -
TION.—Not later than 14 days after submit-
ting a report required under this subsection to the designated congressional committees, the Director of the Office of Management and Budget shall post a text-based, search-able version of the description required by subparagraph (A) on a publicly available Internet website of that Office.’’. 
SEC. 5302. ANNUAL REPORT ON FINANCIAL CON-
TRIBUTIONS TO INTERNATIONAL ORGANIZATIONS. 
Section 4(b) of the United Nations Partici-
pation Act of 1945 (22 U.S.C. 287b(b)) is amended by striking ‘‘in which the United States participates as a member’’ and insert-ing ‘‘, including— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:37 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00072 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JN6.027 S10JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4049 June 10, 2015 
‘‘(1) the amount of such contributions that 
were assessed by an international organiza-tion and the amount of such contributions that were voluntary; and 
‘‘(2) the ratio of United States contribu-
tions to total contributions received for— 
‘‘(A) the United Nations, specialized agen-
cies of the United Nations, and other United Nations funds, programs, and organizations; 
‘‘(B) peacekeeping; ‘‘(C) inter-American organizations; ‘‘(D) regional organizations; and ‘‘(E) other international organizations.’’. 
SEC. 5303. REPORT ON PEACEKEEPING ARREARS, 
CREDITS, AND CONTRIBUTIONS. 
Section 4(c) of the United Nations Partici-
pation Act (22 U.S.C. 287b(c)), as amended by section 5301(b), is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(6) P
EACEKEEPING CREDITS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—A complete and full ac-
counting of United States peacekeeping as-sessments and contributions for United Na-tions peacekeeping operations, including the following: 
‘‘(i) A tabulation of annual United Nations 
peacekeeping assessment rates, the peace-keeping contribution rate authorized by the United States, and the United States public law that authorized the contribution rate for the United Nations peacekeeping budget for each fiscal year beginning in fiscal year 1995 through the fiscal year following the date of the report. 
‘‘(ii) A tabulation of current United States 
accrued shortfalls and arrears in each respec-tive ongoing or closed United Nations peace-keeping mission. 
‘‘(iii) A tabulation of all peacekeeping 
credits, including— 
‘‘(I) the total amount of peacekeeping 
credits determined by the United Nations to be available to the United States; 
‘‘(II) the total amount of peacekeeping 
credits determined by the United Nations to be unavailable to the United States; 
‘‘(III) the total amount of peacekeeping 
credits determined by the United Nations to be available to the United States from each open and closed peacekeeping mission; 
‘‘(IV) the total amount of peacekeeping 
credits determined by the United Nations to be unavailable to the United States from each open and closed peacekeeping mission; 
‘‘(V) the total amount of peacekeeping 
credits applied by the United Nations toward shortfalls from previous years that are ap-portioned to the United States; 
‘‘(VI) the total amount of peacekeeping 
credits applied by the United Nations toward offsetting future contributions of the United States; and 
‘‘(VII) the total amount of peacekeeping 
credits determined by the United Nations to be available to the United States that could be applied toward offsetting United States contributions in the following fiscal year. 
‘‘(iv) An explanation of any claim of un-
availability by the United Nations of any peacekeeping credits described in clause (iii)(IV). 
‘‘(v) A description of any efforts by the 
United States to obtain reimbursement in accordance with the requirements of this Act, including Department of Defense mate-riel and services, and an explanation of any failure to obtain any such reimbursement. 
‘‘(B) P
EACEKEEPING CREDITS DEFINED .—In 
this paragraph, the term ‘peacekeeping cred-its’ means the amounts by which, during a United Nations peacekeeping fiscal year, the contributions of the United States to the United Nations for peacekeeping operations exceed the actual expenditures for peace-keeping operations by the United Nations that are apportioned to the United States.’’. 
SEC. 5304. ASSESSMENT RATE TRANSPARENCY. 
(a) R EPORT .— (1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 30 days 
after each time the United Nations General Assembly modifies the assessment levels for peacekeeping operations, the Secretary shall submit a report, which may include a classi-fied annex, to the Committee on Foreign Re-lations of the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representa-tives. 
(2) C
ONTENTS .—Each report submitted 
under paragraph (1) shall describe— 
(A) the change, by amount and percentage, 
of the peacekeeping assessment charged to each member state; and 
(B) how the economic and strategic inter-
ests of each of the permanent members of the Security Council is being served by each peacekeeping mission currently in force. 
(b) A
VAILABILITY OF PEACEKEEPING ASSESS -
MENT DATA.—The Secretary shall direct the 
United States Permanent Representative to the United Nations to use the voice, vote, and influence of the United States at the United Nations to urge the United Nations— 
(1) to share the raw data used to calculate 
member state peacekeeping assessment rates; and 
(2) to make available the formula for de-
termining peacekeeping assessments. 
Subtitle B—Accountability at International 
Organizations 
SEC. 5311. PREVENTING ABUSE IN PEACE-
KEEPING. 
Not later than 15 days before the antici-
pated date of a vote (or, in the case of exi-gent circumstances, as far in advance of the vote as is practicable) on a resolution ap-proving a new peacekeeping mission under the auspices of the United Nations, the North Atlantic Treaty Organization, or any other multilateral organization in which the United States participates, or to reauthorize an existing such mission, the Secretary shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report on that mission that in-cludes the following: 
(1) A description of the specific measures 
taken and planned to be taken by the organi-zation related to the mission— 
(A) to prevent individuals who are employ-
ees or contractor personnel of the organiza-tion, or members of the forces serving in the mission from engaging in acts of trafficking in persons, exploitation of victims of traf-ficking, or sexual exploitation or abuse; and 
(B) to hold accountable any such individ-
uals who engage in any such acts while par-ticipating in the mission. 
(2) An assessment of the effectiveness of 
each of the measures described in paragraph (1). 
(3) An accounting and assessment of all 
cases in which the organization has taken action to investigate allegations that indi-viduals described in paragraph (1)(A) have engaged in acts described in that paragraph, including a description of the status of all such cases as of the date of the report. 
SEC. 5312. INCLUSION OF PEACEKEEPING 
ABUSES IN COUNTRY REPORT ON HUMAN RIGHTS PRACTICES. 
Section 116(d) of the Foreign Assistance 
Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2151n(d)) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (11)(C), by striking ‘‘; and’’ 
and inserting a semicolon; 
(2) in paragraph (12)(C)(ii), by striking the 
period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(13) for each country that contributes per-
sonnel to United Nations peacekeeping mis-sions, a description of— 
‘‘(A) any allegations of such personnel en-
gaging in acts of trafficking in persons, ex-ploitation of victims of trafficking, or sexual exploitation and abuse while participating in such a peacekeeping mission; ‘‘(B) any repatriations of such personnel 
resulting from an allegation described in subparagraph (A); 
‘‘(C) any actions taken by such country 
with respect to personnel repatriated as a re-sult of allegations described in subparagraph (A), including whether such personnel faced prosecution related to such allegations; and 
‘‘(D) the extent to which any actions taken 
as described in subparagraph (C) have been communicated by such country to the United Nations.’’. 
SEC. 5313. EVALUATION OF UNITED NATIONS 
PEACEKEEPING MISSIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit a report to the appropriate congressional committees that includes— 
(1) a comprehensive evaluation of current 
United Nations peacekeeping missions; 
(2) a prioritization of the peacekeeping 
missions; 
(3) plans for phasing out and ending any 
mission that— 
(A) has substantially met its objectives 
and goals; or 
(B) will not be able to meet its objectives 
and goals; and 
(4) a plan for reviewing the status of open- 
ended mandates for— 
(A) the United Nations Interim Adminis-
tration Mission in Kosovo (UNMIK); 
(B) the United Nations Truce Supervision 
Organization (UNTSO); and 
(C) the United Nations Military Observer 
Group in India and Pakistan (UNMOGIP). 
(b) A
PPROVAL OF FUTURE PEACEKEEPING  
MISSIONS .—The President shall direct the 
United States Permanent Representative to the United Nations to use the voice, vote, and influence of the United States at the United Nations to ensure that no new United Nations peacekeeping mission is approved without a periodic mandate renewal. 
(c) F
UNDING LIMITATION .—The United 
States shall not provide funding for any United Nations peacekeeping mission begin-ning after the date of the enactment of this Act unless the mission has a periodic man-date renewal. 
Subtitle C—Personnel Matters 
SEC. 5321. ENCOURAGING EMPLOYMENT OF 
UNITED STATES CITIZENS AT THE UNITED NATIONS. 
Section 181 of the Foreign Relations Au-
thorization Act, Fiscal Years 1992 and 1993 (22 U.S.C. 276c–4) is amended to read as fol-lows: 
‘‘SEC. 181. EMPLOYMENT OF UNITED STATES 
CITIZENS BY CERTAIN INTER-NATIONAL ORGANIZATIONS. 
‘‘Not later than 180 days after the date of 
the enactment of the Department of State Operations Authorization and Embassy Se-curity Act, Fiscal Year 2016, and annually thereafter, the Secretary of State shall sub-mit to Congress a report that provides— 
‘‘(1) for each international organization 
that had a geographic distribution formula in effect on January 1, 1991, an assessment of whether that organization— 
‘‘(A) is taking good faith steps to increase 
the staffing of United States citizens, includ-ing, as appropriate, as assessment of any ad-ditional steps the organization could be tak-ing to increase such staffing; and 
‘‘(B) has met the requirements of its geo-
graphic distribution formula; and 
‘‘(2) an assessment of United States rep-
resentation among professional and senior- level positions at the United Nations, includ-ing— 
‘‘(A) an assessment of the proportion of 
United States citizens employed at the United Nations Secretariat and at all United Nations specialized agencies, funds, and pro-grams relative to the total employment at 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:37 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00073 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JN6.027 S10JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4050 June 10, 2015 
the United Nations Secretariat and at all 
such agencies, funds, and programs; 
‘‘(B) as assessment of compliance by the 
United Nations Secretariat and such agen-cies, funds, and programs with any applica-ble geographic distribution formula; and 
‘‘(C) a description of any steps taken or 
planned to be taken by the United States to increase the staffing of United States citi-zens at the United Nations Secretariat and such agencies, funds and programs.’’. 
SEC. 5322. ENSURING APPROPRIATE UNITED NA-
TIONS PERSONNEL SALARIES. 
(a) C OMPENSATION OF UNITED NATIONS PER-
SONNEL .—The President shall direct the 
United States Permanent Representative to the United Nations to use the voice, vote, and influence of the United States at the United Nations— 
(1) to establish appropriate policies, proce-
dures, and assumptions for— 
(A) determining comparable positions be-
tween officials in the professional and higher categories of employment at the United Na-tions headquarters in New York, New York, and in the United States Federal civil serv-ice; 
(B) calculating the margin between the 
compensation of such officials at the United Nations headquarters and the civil service; and 
(C) determining the appropriate margin for 
adoption by the United Nations to govern compensation for such officials; 
(2) to make all policies, procedures, and as-
sumptions described in paragraph (1) avail-able to the public; and 
(3) to limit increases in the compensation 
of United Nations officials to ensure that such officials remain within the margin range established by United Nations General Assembly Resolution A/RES/40/244, or any subsequent margin range adopted by the United Nations to govern compensation for United Nations officials. 
(b) R
EPORT ON SALARY MARGINS .—The Sec-
retary shall submit an annual report to the appropriate congressional committees, at the time of the submission of the budget of the President to Congress under section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, that 
(1) describes the policies, procedures, and 
assumptions established or used by the United Nations— 
(A) to determine comparable positions be-
tween officials in the professional and higher categories of employment at the United Na-tions headquarters in New York, New York, and in the United States Federal civil serv-ice; 
(B) to calculate the percentage difference, 
or margin, between the compensation of such officials at the United Nations headquarters and the civil service; and 
(C) to determine the margin range estab-
lished in United Nations General Assembly Resolution A/RES/40/244, or any subsequent margin range adopted by the United Nations to govern compensation for United Nations officials; 
(2) assesses, in accordance with the poli-
cies, procedures, and assumptions described in paragraph (1), the margin between net sal-aries of officials in the professional and high-er categories of employment at the United Nations in New York and those of com-parable positions in the United States Fed-eral civil service; 
(3) assesses any changes in the margin de-
scribed in paragraph (2) from the previous year; 
(4) assesses the extent to which any 
changes in that margin resulted from modi-fications to the policies, procedures, and as-sumptions described in paragraph (1); and 
(5) provides the views of the Secretary on 
any changes in that margin and any such modifications. TITLE IV—CONSULAR AUTHORITIES 
SEC. 5401. VISA INELIGIBILITY FOR INTER-
NATIONAL CHILD ABDUCTORS. 
Section 212(a)(10)(C)(iii) of the Immigra-
tion and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1182(a)(10)(C)(iii)) is amended— 
(1) in subclause (I), by adding ‘‘or’’ at the 
end; 
(2) in subclause (II), by striking ‘‘; or’’ at 
the end and inserting a period; and 
(3) by striking subclause (III). 
SEC. 5402. PRESUMPTION OF IMMIGRANT INTENT 
FOR H AND L VISA CLASSIFICA-TIONS. 
Section 214(b) of the Immigration and Na-
tionality Act (8 U.S.C. 1184(b)) is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘(other than a non-
immigrant described in subparagraph (L) or (V) of section 101(a)(15), and other than a nonimmigrant described in any provision of section 101(a)(15)(H)(i) except subclause (b1) of such section)’’; 
(2) by striking ‘‘under section 101(a)(15).’’ 
and inserting ‘‘under the immigration laws.’’; and 
(3) by striking ‘‘he’’ each place such term 
appears and inserting ‘‘the alien’’. 
SEC. 5403. VISA INFORMATION SHARING. 
Section 222(f) of the Immigration and Na-
tionality Act (8 U.S.C. 1202(f)(2)) is amend-ed— 
(1) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), 
by striking ‘‘issuance or refusal’’ and insert-ing ‘‘issuance, refusal, or revocation’’; and 
(2) in paragraph (2)— (A) in the matter preceding subparagraph 
(A), by striking ‘‘and on the basis of reci-procity’’; 
(B) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘illicit 
weapons; or’’ and inserting ‘‘illicit weapons, or in determining the removability or eligi-bility for a visa, admission, or another immi-gration benefit of persons who would be inad-missible to, or removable from, the United States;’’; 
(C) in subparagraph (B)— (i) by striking ‘‘for the purposes’’ and in-
serting ‘‘for 1 of the purposes’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘or to deny visas to persons 
who would be inadmissible to the United States.’’ and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and 
(D) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) with regard to any or all aliens in the 
database, specified data elements from each record, if the Secretary of State determines that it is in the national interest to provide such information to a foreign government.’’. 
TITLE V—EMBASSY SECURITY 
Subtitle A—Allocation of Authorized Security 
Appropriations. 
SEC. 5501. WORLDWIDE SECURITY PROTECTION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding any 
other provision of law, funds made available in fiscal year 2016 for worldwide security pro-tection shall, before any such funds may be allocated to any other authorized purpose, be allocated for— 
(1) immediate threat mitigation support in 
accordance with subsection (b) at facilities determined to be high threat, high risk pur-suant to section 5531; 
(2) immediate threat mitigation support in 
accordance with subsection (b) at other fa-cilities; and 
(3) locations with high vulnerabilities. 
(b) I
MMEDIATE THREAT MITIGATION SUPPORT  
PRIORITIZATION .—In allocating funding for 
immediate threat mitigation support pursu-ant to this section, the Secretary shall prioritize funding for— 
(1) the purchasing of additional security 
equipment, including additional defensive weaponry; 
(2) the paying of expenses of additional se-
curity forces; and 
(3) any other purposes necessary to miti-
gate immediate threats to United States per-sonnel serving overseas. SEC. 5502. EMBASSY SECURITY, CONSTRUCTION 
AND MAINTENANCE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding any 
other provision of law, funds made available in fiscal year 2016 for ‘‘embassy security, construction and maintenance’’ shall, before any funds may be allocated to any other au-thorized purpose, be allocated in the prioritized order of— 
(1) immediate threat mitigation projects in 
accordance with subsection (b) at facilities determined to be high threat, high risk pur-suant to section 5531; 
(2) other security upgrades to facilities de-
termined to be high threat, high risk pursu-ant to section 5531; 
(3) all other immediate threat mitigation 
projects in accordance with subsection (b); and 
(4) security upgrades to all other facilities 
or new construction for facilities determined to be high threat, high risk pursuant to sec-tion 5531. 
(b) I
MMEDIATE THREAT MITIGATION  
PROJECTS PRIORITIZATION .—In allocating 
funding for immediate threat mitigation projects pursuant to this section, the Sec-retary shall prioritize funding for the con-struction of safeguards that provide imme-diate security benefits and any other pur-poses necessary to mitigate immediate threats to United States personnel serving overseas. 
(c) A
DDITIONAL LIMITATION .—No funds au-
thorized to be appropriated shall be obli-gated or expended for new embassy construc-tion, other than for high threat, high risk fa-cilities, unless the Secretary certifies to the appropriate congressional committees that— 
(1) the Department has fully complied with 
the requirements of subsection (a); 
(2) high threat, high risk facilities are 
being secured to the best of the United States Government’s ability; and 
(3) the Secretary will make funds available 
from the Embassy Security, Construction and Maintenance account or other sources to address any changed security threats or new or emergent security needs, including new immediate threat mitigation projects. 
(d) R
EPORT .—The Secretary shall report to 
the appropriate congressional committees not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act on— 
(1) funding for the priorities described in 
subsection (a); 
(2) efforts to secure high threat, high risk 
facilities as well as high vulnerability loca-tions facilities; and 
(3) plans to make funds available from the 
Embassy Security, Construction and Mainte-nance account or other sources to address any changed security threats or new or emergent security needs, including new im-mediate threat mitigation projects. 
Subtitle B—Contracting and Other Matters. 
SEC. 5511. LOCAL GUARD CONTRACTS ABROAD 
UNDER DIPLOMATIC SECURITY PRO-GRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 136(c)(3) of the 
Foreign Relations Authorization Act, Fiscal 
Years 1990 and 1991 (22 U.S.C. 4864(c)(3)) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(3) in evaluating proposals for such con-
tracts, award contracts to technically ac-ceptable firms offering the lowest evaluated price, except that— 
‘‘(A) the Secretary may award contracts on 
the basis of best value (as determined by a cost-technical tradeoff analysis), especially for posts determined to be high threat, high risk pursuant to section 5531 of the Depart-ment of State Operations Authorization and Embassy Security Act, Fiscal Year 2016; and 
‘‘(B) proposals received from United States 
persons and qualified United States joint venture persons shall be evaluated by reduc-ing the bid price by 10 percent;’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:37 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00074 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JN6.027 S10JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4051 June 10, 2015 
(b) R EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit a report to the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations of the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives that includes— 
(1) an explanation of the implementation 
of section 136(c)(3) of the Foreign Relations Authorization Act, Fiscal Years 1990 and 1991, as amended by subsection (a); and 
(2) for each instance in which a contract is 
awarded pursuant to subparagraph (A) of such section, a written justification and ap-proval that describes the basis for such award and an explanation of the inability of the Secretary to satisfy the needs of the De-partment by awarding a contract to the technically acceptable firm offering the low-est evaluated price. 
SEC. 5512. DISCIPLINARY ACTION RESULTING 
FROM UNSATISFACTORY LEADER-SHIP IN RELATION TO A SECURITY INCIDENT. 
Section 304(c) of the Diplomatic Security 
Act (22 U.S.C. 4834 (c)) is amended— 
(1) by redesignating paragraphs (1), (2), and 
(3) as subparagraphs (A), (B), and (C), respec-tively, and moving such subparagraphs, as so redesignated, 2 ems to the right; 
(2) by striking ‘‘Whenever’’ in the first sen-
tence immediately following the subsection heading and inserting the following: 
‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Whenever’’; and 
(3) by inserting at the end the following: ‘‘(2) C
ERTAIN SECURITY INCIDENTS .— 
‘‘(A) U NSATISFACTORY LEADERSHIP .—Unsat-
isfactory leadership by a senior official with respect to a security incident involving loss of life, serious injury, or significant destruc-tion of property at or related to a United States Government mission abroad may be grounds for disciplinary action. 
‘‘(B) D
ISCIPLINARY ACTION .—If a Board finds 
reasonable cause to believe that a senior of-ficial provided such unsatisfactory leader-ship, the Board may recommend disciplinary action subject to the procedures in para-
graph (1).’’. 
SEC. 5513. MANAGEMENT AND STAFF ACCOUNT-
ABILITY. 
(a) A UTHORITY OF SECRETARY OF STATE .— 
Nothing in this division or in any other pro-vision of law may be construed to prevent the Secretary from using all authorities in-vested in the office of Secretary to take per-sonnel action against any employee or offi-cial of the Department that the Secretary determines has breached the duty of that in-dividual or has engaged in misconduct or un-satisfactorily performed the duties of em-ployment of that individual, and such mis-conduct or unsatisfactory performance has significantly contributed to the serious in-jury, loss of life, or significant destruction of property, or a serious breach of security, even if such action is the subject of an Ac-countability Review Board’s examination under section 304(a) of the Diplomatic Secu-rity Act (22 U.S.C. 4834(a)). 
(b) A
CCOUNTABILITY .—Section 304 of the 
Diplomatic Security Act (22 U.S.C. 4834) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (c), by inserting ‘‘or has 
engaged in misconduct or unsatisfactorily performed the duties of employment of that individual, and such misconduct or unsatis-factory performance has significantly con-tributed to the serious injury, loss of life, or significant destruction of property, or the se-rious breach of security that is the subject of the Board’s examination as described in sub-section (a),’’ after ‘‘breached the duty of that individual’’; 
(2) by redesignating subsection (d) as sub-
section (e); and 
(3) by inserting after subsection (c) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(d) M
ANAGEMENT ACCOUNTABILITY .—When-
ever a Board determines that an individual has engaged in any conduct described in sub-
section (c), the Board shall evaluate the level and effectiveness of management and oversight conducted by employees or offi-cials in the management chain of such indi-vidual.’’. 
SEC. 5514. SECURITY ENHANCEMENTS FOR SOFT 
TARGETS. 
Section 29 of the State Department Basic 
Authorities Act of 1956 (22 U.S.C. 2701) is amended, in the third sentence, by inserting ‘‘physical security enhancements and’’ after ‘‘Such assistance may include’’. 
Subtitle C—Marine Corps Security Guard 
Program 
SEC. 5521. ADDITIONAL REPORTS ON EXPANSION 
AND ENHANCEMENT OF MARINE CORPS SECURITY GUARD PROGRAM. 
Section 1269(a)(2) of the Carl Levin and 
Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Pub-lic Law 113–291; 10 U.S.C. 5983 note) is amend-ed by inserting ‘‘and not less frequently than once each year thereafter until the date that is three years after such date’’ after ‘‘of this Act’’. 
Subtitle D—Defending High Threat, High 
Risk Posts 
SEC. 5531. DESIGNATION AND REPORTING FOR 
HIGH THREAT, HIGH RISK POSTS. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 90 
days after the date of the enactment of this Act and annually thereafter, the Secretary, in consultation with the Director of National Intelligence and the Secretary of Defense, shall submit, to the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate, the Select Com-mittee on Intelligence of the Senate, the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate, the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives, the Permanent Se-lect Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representa-tives, a classified report, with an unclassi-fied summary, evaluating Department facili-ties that the Secretary determines to be high threat, high risk in accordance with sub-section (c). 
(b) C
ONTENTS .—For each facility deter-
mined to be high threat, high risk pursuant to subsection (a), the report submitted under subsection (a) shall include— 
(1) a narrative assessment describing the 
security threats and risks facing posts over-seas and the overall threat level to United States personnel under chief of mission au-thority; 
(2) the number of diplomatic security per-
sonnel, Marine Corps security guards, and other Department personnel dedicated to providing security for United States per-sonnel, information, and facilities; 
(3) an assessment of host nation willing-
ness and capability to provide protection in the event of a security threat or incident, pursuant to the obligations of the United States under the Vienna Convention on Con-sular Relations, done at Vienna April 24, 1963, and the 1961 Vienna Convention on Dip-lomatic Relations, done at Vienna April 18, 1961; 
(4) an assessment of the quality and experi-
ence level of the team of United States sen-ior security personnel assigned to the facil-ity, considering collectively the assignment durations and lengths of government experi-ence; 
(5) the number of Foreign Service Officers 
who have received Foreign Affairs Counter Threat training; 
(6) a summary of the requests made during 
the previous calendar year for additional re-sources, equipment, or personnel related to the security of the facility and the status of such requests; (7) an assessment of the ability of United 
States personnel to respond to and survive a fire attack, including— 
(A) whether the facility has adequate fire 
safety and security equipment for safe ha-vens and safe areas; and 
(B) whether the employees working at the 
facility have been adequately trained on the equipment available; 
(8) if it is a new facility, a detailed descrip-
tion of the steps taken to provide security for the new facility, including whether a dedicated support cell was established in the Department to ensure proper and timely resourcing of security; and 
(9) a listing of any high threat, high risk 
facilities where the facilities of the Depart-ment and other government agencies are not collocated, including— 
(A) a rationale for the lack of collocation; 
and 
(B) a description of what steps, if any, are 
being taken to mitigate potential security vulnerabilities associated with the lack of collocation. 
(c) D
ETERMINATION OF HIGHTHREAT , HIGH 
RISKFACILITY .—In determining which facili-
ties of the Department constitute high threat, high risk facilities under this sec-tion, the Secretary shall take into account with respect to each facility whether there are— 
(1) high to critical levels of political vio-
lence or terrorism; 
(2) national or local governments with in-
adequate capacity or political will to provide appropriate protection; and 
(3) in locations where there are high to 
critical levels of political violence or ter-rorism or where national or local govern-ments lack the capacity or political will to provide appropriate protection— 
(A) mission physical security platforms 
that fall well below the Department’s estab-lished standards; or 
(B) security personnel levels that are insuf-
ficient for the circumstances. 
(d) I
NSPECTOR GENERAL REVIEW AND RE-
PORT .—The Inspector General for the Depart-
ment of State and the Broadcasting Board of Governors shall annually— 
(1) review the determinations of the Sec-
retary with respect to high threat, high risk facilities, including the basis for making such determinations; 
(2) review contingency planning for high 
threat, high risk facilities and evaluate the measures in place to respond to attacks on such facilities; 
(3) review the risk mitigation measures in 
place at high threat, high risk facilities to determine how the Secretary evaluates risk and whether the measures put in place suffi-ciently address the relevant risks; 
(4) review early warning systems in place 
at high threat, high risk facilities and evalu-ate the measures being taken to preempt and disrupt threats to such facilities; and 
(5) provide to the appropriate congres-
sional committees— 
(A) an assessment of the determinations of 
the Secretary with respect to high threat, high risk facilities, including recommenda-tions for additions or changes to the list of such facilities; and 
(B) a report on the reviews and evaluations 
undertaken pursuant to paragraphs (1) through (4). 
SEC. 5532. DESIGNATION AND REPORTING FOR 
HIGH-RISK COUNTERINTELLIGENCE THREAT POSTS. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) A PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CON -
GRESS .—The term ‘‘appropriate committees 
of Congress’’ means— 
(A) the Committee on Foreign Relations of 
the Senate; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:37 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00075 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JN6.027 S10JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4052 June 10, 2015 
(B) the Select Committee on Intelligence 
of the Senate; 
(C) the Committee on Armed Services of 
the Senate; 
(D) the Committee on Appropriations of 
the Senate; 
(E) the Committee on Foreign Affairs of 
the House of Representatives; 
(F) the Permanent Select Committee on 
Intelligence of the House of Representatives; 
(G) the Committee on Armed Services of 
the House of Representatives; and 
(H) the Committee on Appropriations of 
the House of Representatives 
(2) P RIORITY 1 COUNTERINTELLIGENCE  
THREAT NATION .—The term ‘‘Priority 1 Coun-
terintelligence Threat Nation’’ means a country designated as such by the October 2012 National Intelligence Priorities Frame-work (NIPF). 
(b) R
EPORT REQUIRED .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary, in conjunction with appro-priate officials in the intelligence commu-nity and the Secretary of Defense, shall sub-mit a report to the appropriate committees of Congress that assesses the counterintel-ligence threat to United States diplomatic facilities in Priority 1 Counterintelligence Threat Nations. 
(2) C
ONTENTS .—The report required under 
paragraph (1) shall include— 
(A) an assessment of the use of locally em-
ployed staff and guard forces and a listing of diplomatic facilities in Priority 1 Counter-intelligence Threat Nations without con-trolled access areas; and 
(B) recommendations for mitigating any 
counterintelligence threats and for any nec-essary facility upgrades, including costs as-sessment of any recommended mitigation or upgrades. 
SEC. 5533. ENHANCED QUALIFICATIONS FOR DEP-
UTY ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF STATE FOR HIGH THREAT, HIGH RISK POSTS. 
The Omnibus Diplomatic Security and 
Antiterrorism Act of 1986 is amended by in-serting after section 206 (22 U.S.C. 4824) the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 207. DEPUTY ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF 
STATE FOR HIGH THREAT, HIGH RISK POSTS. 
‘‘The individual serving as Deputy Assist-
ant Secretary of State for High Threat, High 
Risk Posts shall have 1 or more of the fol-lowing qualifications: 
‘‘(1) Service during the last 6 years at 1 or 
more posts designated as high threat, high risk by the Secretary of State at the time of service. 
‘‘(2) Previous service as the office director 
or deputy director of 1 or more of the fol-lowing Department of State offices or suc-cessor entities carrying out substantively equivalent functions: 
‘‘(A) The Office of Mobile Security Deploy-
ments. 
‘‘(B) The Office of Special Programs and 
Coordination. 
‘‘(C) The Office of Overseas Protective Op-
erations. 
‘‘(D) The Office of Physical Security Pro-
grams. 
‘‘(E) The Office of Intelligence and Threat 
Analysis. 
‘‘(3) Previous service as the Regional Secu-
rity Officer at two or more overseas posts. 
‘‘(4) Other government or private sector ex-
perience substantially equivalent to service in the positions listed in paragraphs (1) through (3).’’. 
SEC. 5534. SECURITY ENVIRONMENT THREAT 
LIST BRIEFINGS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 90 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act and upon each subsequent update of the Se-curity Environment Threat List (SETL), the 
Assistant Secretary of State for Diplomatic Security shall provide classified briefings to the appropriate congressional committees on the Security Environment Threat List. 
(b) C
ONTENT .—The briefings required under 
subsection (a) shall include— 
(1) an overview of the Security Environ-
ment Threat List; and 
(2) a summary assessment of the security 
posture of those facilities where the Security Environment Threat List assesses the threat environment to be most acute, including fac-tors that informed such assessment. 
SEC. 5535. COMPTROLLER GENERAL OF THE 
UNITED STATES REPORT ON IMPLE-MENTATION OF BENGHAZI AC-COUNTABILITY REVIEW BOARD REC-OMMENDATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 120 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit a report to the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives that describes the progress of the Secretary in implementing the recommendations of the Benghazi Ac-countability Review Board. 
(b) C
ONTENT .—The report required under 
subsection (a) shall include— 
(1) an assessment of the progress the Sec-
retary has made in implementing each spe-cific recommendation of the Accountability Review Board; and 
(2) a description of any impediments to 
recommended reforms, such as budget con-straints, bureaucratic obstacles within the Department or in the broader interagency community, or limitations under current law. 
(c) F
ORM.—The report required under sub-
section (a) shall be submitted in unclassified form but may contain a classified annex. 
SEC. 5536. FOREIGN AFFAIRS SECURITY TRAIN-
ING CENTER. 
(a) O FFICE OF MANAGEMENT AND BUDGET .— 
Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of the Office of Management and Budget shall pro-vide to the appropriate congressional com-mittees all documents and materials related to its consideration and analysis concerning the Foreign Affairs Security Training Center at Fort Picket, Virginia, and any alternative facilities. 
(b) D
EPARTMENT OF STATE .—Not later than 
60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall provide to the appropriate congressional committees all documents and materials related to the de-termination to construct a new Foreign Af-fairs Security Training Center at Fort Pick-et, Virginia, including any that are related to the development and adoption of all re-lated training requirements, including any documents and materials related to the con-sideration and analysis of such facility per-formed by the Office of Management and Budget. 
SEC. 5537. LANGUAGE TRAINING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title IV of the Diplo-
matic Security Act (22 U.S.C. 4851 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 416. LANGUAGE REQUIREMENTS FOR DIP-
LOMATIC SECURITY PERSONNEL AS-SIGNED TO HIGH THREAT, HIGH RISK POSTS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Diplomatic security per-
sonnel assigned permanently to, or who are serving in, long-term temporary duty status as designated by the Secretary of State at a high threat, high risk post should receive language training described in subsection (b) in order to prepare such personnel for duty requirements at such post. 
‘‘(b) L
ANGUAGE TRAINING DESCRIBED .—Lan-
guage training referred to in subsection (a) should prepare personnel described in such 
subsection— 
‘‘(1) to speak the language at issue with 
sufficient structural accuracy and vocabu-lary to participate effectively in most formal and informal conversations on subjects ger-mane to security; and 
‘‘(2) to read within an adequate range of 
speed and with almost complete comprehen-sion on subjects germane to security. 
‘‘(c) I
NSPECTOR GENERAL REVIEW .—Not 
later than September 30, 2016, the Inspector General of the Department of State and Broadcasting Board of Governors shall— 
‘‘(1) review the language training con-
ducted pursuant to this section; and 
‘‘(2) make the results of such review avail-
able to the Secretary of State and the appro-priate congressional committees.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
contents of the Omnibus Diplomatic Secu-rity and Antiterrorism Act of 1986 (Public Law 99–399) is amended by inserting after the item relating the section 415 the following: 
‘‘Sec. 416. Language requirements for diplo-
matic security personnel as-signed to high threat, high risk posts.’’. 
Subtitle E—Accountability Review Boards 
SEC. 5541. PROVISION OF COPIES OF ACCOUNT-
ABILITY REVIEW BOARD REPORTS TO CONGRESS. 
Not later than 2 days after an Account-
ability Review Board provides its report to the Secretary of State in accordance with title III of the Omnibus Diplomatic and Antiterrorism Act of 1986 (22 U.S.C. 4831 et seq.), the Secretary shall provide copies of the report to the appropriate congressional committees for retention and review by those committees. 
SEC. 5542. STAFFING. 
Section 302(b)(2) of the Diplomatic Secu-
rity Act (22 U.S.C. 4832(b)(2)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘Such per-sons shall be drawn from bureaus or other agency subunits that are not impacted by the incident that is the subject of the Board’s review.’’. 
TITLE VI—MANAGEMENT AND 
ACCOUNTABILITY 
SEC. 5601. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited at the ‘‘Improving 
Department of State Oversight Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 5602. COMPETITIVE HIRING STATUS FOR 
FORMER EMPLOYEES OF THE SPE-CIAL INSPECTOR GENERAL FOR IRAQ RECONSTRUCTION. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of 
law, any employee of the Special Inspector General for Iraq Reconstruction who com-pletes at least 12 months of service at any time prior to the date of the termination of the Special Inspector General for Iraq Recon-struction (October 5, 2013), and was not ter-minated for cause shall acquire competitive status for appointment to any position in the competitive service for which the em-ployee possesses the required qualifications. 
SEC. 5603. ASSURANCE OF INDEPENDENCE OF IT 
SYSTEMS. 
The Secretary, with the concurrence of the 
Inspector General of the Department of State and Broadcasting Board of Governors, shall certify to the appropriate congressional committees that the Department has made reasonable efforts to ensure the integrity and independence of the Office of the Inspec-tor General Information Technology sys-tems. 
SEC. 5604. PROTECTING THE INTEGRITY OF IN-
TERNAL INVESTIGATIONS. 
Section 209(c)(5) of the Foreign Service Act 
of 1980 (22 U.S.C. 3929(c)(5)) is amended by in-serting at the end the following new subpara-graph: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:37 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00076 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JN6.027 S10JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4053 June 10, 2015 
‘‘(C) R EQUIRED REPORTING OF ALLEGATIONS  
AND INVESTIGATIONS AND INSPECTOR GENERAL  
AUTHORITY .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—Each bureau, post or 
other office (in this subparagraph, an ‘enti-ty’) of the Department of State shall, within five business days, report to the Inspector General any allegations of— 
‘‘(I) waste, fraud, or abuse in a Department 
program or operation; 
‘‘(II) criminal or serious misconduct on the 
part of a Department employee at the FS–1, GS–15, GM–15 level or higher; 
‘‘(III) criminal misconduct on the part of 
any Department employee; and 
‘‘(IV) serious, noncriminal misconduct on 
the part of any individual who is authorized to carry a weapon, make arrests, or conduct searches, such as conduct that, if proved, would constitute perjury or material dishon-esty, warrant suspension as discipline for a 
first offense, or result in loss of law enforce-ment authority. 
‘‘(ii) I
NSPECTOR GENERAL AUTHORITY .—The 
Inspector General may, pursuant to existing authority, investigate matters covered by clause (i). 
‘‘(iii) L
IMITATION ON INVESTIGATIONS OUT -
SIDE OF OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL .—No 
entity in the Department of State with con-current jurisdiction over matters covered by clause (i), including the Bureau of Diplo-matic Security, may initiate an investiga-tion of such matter unless it has first re-ported the allegations to the Inspector Gen-eral as required by clause (i), except as pro-vided in clause (v) and (vi). 
‘‘(iv) C
OOPERATION .—If an entity in the De-
partment of State initiates an investigation of a matter covered in clause (i) the entity must, except as provided in clause (v), fully cooperate with the Inspector General, in-cluding— 
‘‘(I) by providing to the Inspector General 
all data and records obtained in connection with its investigation upon request of the In-spector General; 
‘‘(II) by coordinating, at the request of the 
Inspector General, such entity’s investiga-tion with the Inspector General; and 
‘‘(III) by providing to the Inspector Gen-
eral requested support in aid of the Inspector General’s oversight and investigative respon-sibilities. 
‘‘(v) E
XCEPTIONS .—The Inspector General 
may prescribe general rules under which any requirement of clause (iii) or clause (iv) may be dispensed with. 
‘‘(vi) E
XIGENT CIRCUMSTANCES .—Compli-
ance with clauses (i), (iii), and (iv) of this subparagraph may be dispensed with by an entity of the Department of State if com-plying with them in an exigent circumstance would pose an imminent threat to human life, health or safety, or result in the irre-trievable loss or destruction of critical evi-dence or witness testimony, in which case a report of the allegation shall be made not later than 48 hours after an entity begins an investigation under the authority of this clause and cooperation required under clause (iv) shall commence not later than 48 hours after the relevant exigent circumstance has ended. 
‘‘(vii) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
this subparagraph may be interpreted to af-fect any duty or authority of the Inspector General under any provision of law, includ-ing the Inspector General’s duties or au-thorities under the Inspector General Act.’’. 
SEC. 5605. REPORT ON INSPECTOR GENERAL IN-
SPECTION AND AUDITING OF FOR-EIGN SERVICE POSTS AND BUREAUS AND OPERATING UNITS DEPART-MENT OF STATE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit a report to Con-gress on the requirement under section 
209(a)(1) of the Foreign Service Act of 1980 (22 U.S.C. 3929(a)(1)) that the Inspector General of the Department of State and Broadcasting Board of Governors inspect and audit, at least every 5 years, the administration of ac-tivities and operations of each Foreign Serv-ice post and each bureau and other operating unit of the Department. 
(b) C
ONSIDERATION OF MULTI-TIER SYS-
TEM.—The report required under subsection 
(a) shall assess the advisability and feasi-bility of implementing a multi-tier system for inspecting Foreign Service posts fea-turing more (or less) frequent inspections and audits of posts based on risk, including security risk, as may be determined by the Inspector General. 
(c) C
OMPOSITION .—The report required 
under subsection (a) shall include separate portions prepared by the Inspector General of the Department of State and Broadcasting Board of Governors, and the Comptroller General of the United States, respectively. 
SA 1984. Ms. COLLINS submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle F of title XII, add 
the following: 
SEC. 1274. REGIONAL STRATEGY TO ADDRESS 
THE THREAT POSED BY BOKO HARAM. 
(a) S TRATEGY REQUIRED .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State and the Secretary of Defense shall jointly develop and submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a re-gional strategy to enable the Government of Nigeria and its partners to counter the re-gional threat of Boko Haram and assist the Government of Nigeria and its neighbors to accept and address grievances of vulnerable populations in areas affected by Boko Haram. 
(2) E
LEMENTS .—At a minimum, the strat-
egy must address the following elements: 
(A) Enhance, pursuant to existing authori-
ties and restrictions, the institutional capac-ity, including military capabilities, of the Government of Nigeria and partner nations in the region to counter the threat posed by Boko Haram. 
(B) Provide humanitarian support to civil-
ian populations impacted by Boko Haram’s activity. 
(C) Consider the provision of further assist-
ance in the context of the recipient partner nation’s actions in support of human rights and the respect for and implementation of the rule of law. 
(D) Seek to provide appropriate assistance 
to willing and capable partner nations to ad-dress the underlying societal factors that contribute to the ability of Boko Haram to radicalize and recruit individuals, including poverty and the lack of economic oppor-tunity and access to education, public health, and infrastructure. 
(E) Strengthen the capacity of the civilian 
police and judicial system in Nigeria to pro-mote the rule of law, enhance public safety, and prevent crime, including gender-based violence, while strengthening accountability measures to prevent corruption and abuses. (F) Strengthen the long-term capacity of 
the Government of Nigeria to enhance secu-rity for schools to protect girls seeking an education, and to combat gender-based vio-lence and gender inequality. 
(G) Support the adoption of a United Na-
tions Security Council Resolution author-izing a regional Multi-National Joint Task Force to counter Boko Haram. 
(H) Identify and develop mechanisms for 
coordinating the implementation of the strategy with the Government of Nigeria, re-gional partners, and other relevant foreign partners. 
(I) Identify the resources required, in an 
amount not less than $25,000,000, to achieve the strategy’s objectives. 
(b) A
SSESSMENT .—The Director of National 
Intelligence shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress an assessment (in classified form) regarding the willingness and capability of the Government of Nigeria to implement the strategy required by sub-section (a), including the capability gaps, if any, of the government and military forces of Nigeria that would need to be addressed in order to enable the Government of Nigeria and the governments of its partner countries in the region to counter the threat of Boko Haram and to address grievances of vulner-able populations in areas affected by Boko Haram. 
(c) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  
DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-
priate committees of Congress’’ means— 
(1) the Committee on Armed Services, the 
Committee on Foreign Relations, the Com-mittee on Appropriations, and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate; and 
(2) the Committee on Armed Services, the 
Committee on Foreign Affairs, the Com-mittee on Appropriations, and the Perma-nent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives. 
SA 1985. Mr. CORNYN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title VI, add the 
following: 
SEC. 622. COMPTROLLER GENERAL OF THE 
UNITED STATES REPORT ON PRI-VATE RELOCATION SERVICES FOR MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES UNDERGOING A PERMANENT CHANGE OF STATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Rep-resentatives a report, in conjunction with work on such matter being conducted by the Comptroller General as of the date of the en-actment of this Act, on the use of private sector relocation services to assist members of the Armed Forces and their families with locating and transitioning to off-base or off- post housing in the course of a permanent change of station (PCS). 
(b) E
LEMENTS .—The report under sub-
section (a) shall include the following: 
(1) An identification of services, not cur-
rently available, that would be useful to members of the Armed Forces in undergoing 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:37 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00077 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JN6.027 S10JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4054 June 10, 2015 
a permanent change of station as described 
in subsection (a). 
(2) An assessment whether private sector 
entities are available, or would likely be available, to provide the services described in paragraph (1) if the business opportunity existed. 
(3) An assessment of the projected cost, if 
any, to the Department of Defense, members of the Armed Forces, or both in obtaining the services described in paragraph (1) from private sector entities for members of the Armed Forces relocating during a permanent change of station as described in subsection (a). 
SA 1986. Ms. AYOTTE (for Mr. K IRK) 
proposed an amendment to the bill H.R. 1735, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; as follows: 
At the end, add the following: 
DIVISION E—EXPORT-IMPORT BANK OF 
THE UNITED STATES 
SEC. 5001. SHORT TITLE. 
This division may be cited as the ‘‘Export- 
Import Bank Reform and Reauthorization Act of 2015’’. 
TITLE LI—TAXPAYER PROTECTION PROVI-
SIONS AND INCREASED ACCOUNT-ABILITY 
SEC. 5101. REDUCTION IN AUTHORIZED AMOUNT 
OF OUTSTANDING LOANS, GUARAN-TEES, AND INSURANCE. 
Section 6(a) of the Export-Import Bank 
Act of 1945 (12 U.S.C. 635e(a)) is amended— 
(1) by redesignating paragraph (3) as para-
graph (4); and 
(2) by striking paragraph (2) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(2) A PPLICABLE AMOUNT DEFINED .—In this 
subsection, the term ‘applicable amount’, for each of fiscal years 2015 through 2019, means $135,000,000,000. 
‘‘(3) F
REEZING OF LENDING CAP IF DEFAULT  
RATE IS 2 PERCENT OR MORE .—If the rate cal-
culated under section 8(g)(1) is 2 percent or more for a quarter, the Bank may not exceed the amount of loans, guarantees, and insur-ance outstanding on the last day of that quarter until the rate calculated under sec-tion 8(g)(1) is less than 2 percent.’’. 
SEC. 5102. INCREASE IN LOSS RESERVES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 6 of the Export- 
Import Bank Act of 1945 (12 U.S.C. 635e) is amended— 
(1) by redesignating subsection (b) as sub-
section (c); and 
(2) by inserting after subsection (a) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(b) R
ESERVE REQUIREMENT .—The Bank 
shall build to and hold in reserve, to protect against future losses, an amount that is not less than 5 percent of the aggregate amount of disbursed and outstanding loans, guaran-tees, and insurance of the Bank.’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment 
made by subsection (a) shall take effect on the date that is one year after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 5103. REVIEW OF FRAUD CONTROLS. 
Section 17(b) of the Export-Import Bank 
Reauthorization Act of 2012 (12 U.S.C. 635a– 6(b)) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(b) R
EVIEW OF FRAUD CONTROLS .—Not 
later than 4 years after the date of the enact-ment of the Export-Import Bank Reform and Reauthorization Act of 2015, and every 4 years thereafter, the Comptroller General of the United States shall— ‘‘(1) review the adequacy of the design and 
effectiveness of the controls used by the Ex-port-Import Bank of the United States to prevent, detect, and investigate fraudulent applications for loans and guarantees and the compliance by the Bank with the con-trols, including by auditing a sample of Bank transactions; and 
‘‘(2) submit a written report regarding the 
findings of the review and providing such recommendations with respect to the con-trols described in paragraph (1) as the Comp-troller General deems appropriate to— 
‘‘(A) the Committee on Banking, Housing, 
and Urban Affairs and the Committee on Ap-propriations of the Senate; and 
‘‘(B) the Committee on Financial Services 
and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives.’’. 
SEC. 5104. OFFICE OF ETHICS. 
Section 3 of the Export-Import Bank Act of 
1945 (12 U.S.C. 635a) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(k) O
FFICE OF ETHICS .— 
‘‘(1) E STABLISHMENT .—There is established 
an Office of Ethics within the Bank, which shall oversee all ethics issues within the Bank. 
‘‘(2) H
EAD OF OFFICE .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The head of the Office of 
Ethics shall be the Chief Ethics Officer, who shall report to the Board of Directors. 
‘‘(B) A
PPOINTMENT .—Not later than 180 
days after the date of the enactment of the Export-Import Bank Reform and Reauthor-ization Act of 2015, the Chief Ethics Officer shall be— 
‘‘(i) appointed by the President of the Bank 
from among persons— 
‘‘(I) with a background in law who have ex-
perience in the fields of law and ethics; and 
‘‘(II) who are not serving in a position re-
quiring appointment by the President of the United States before being appointed to be Chief Ethics Officer; and 
‘‘(ii) approved by the Board. ‘‘(C) D
ESIGNATED AGENCY ETHICS OFFICIAL .— 
The Chief Ethics Officer shall serve as the designated agency ethics official for the Bank pursuant to the Ethics in Government Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App. 101 et seq.). 
‘‘(3) D
UTIES .—The Office of Ethics has ju-
risdiction over all employees of, and ethics matters relating to, the Bank. With respect to employees of the Bank, the Office of Eth-ics shall— 
‘‘(A) recommend administrative actions to 
establish or enforce standards of official con-duct; 
‘‘(B) refer to the Office of the Inspector 
General of the Bank alleged violations of— 
‘‘(i) the standards of ethical conduct appli-
cable to employees of the Bank under parts 2635 and 6201 of title 5, Code of Federal Regu-lations; 
‘‘(ii) the standards of ethical conduct es-
tablished by the Chief Ethics Officer; and 
‘‘(iii) any other laws, rules, or regulations 
governing the performance of official duties or the discharge of official responsibilities that are applicable to employees of the Bank; 
‘‘(C) report to appropriate Federal or State 
authorities substantial evidence of a viola-tion of any law applicable to the perform-ance of official duties that may have been disclosed to the Office of Ethics; and 
‘‘(D) render advisory opinions regarding 
the propriety of any current or proposed con-duct of an employee or contractor of the Bank, and issue general guidance on such matters as necessary.’’. 
SEC. 5105. CHIEF RISK OFFICER. 
Section 3 of the Export-Import Bank Act of 
1945 (12 U.S.C. 635a), as amended by section 5104, is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(l) C
HIEF RISKOFFICER .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—There shall be a Chief 
Risk Officer of the Bank, who shall— 
‘‘(A) oversee all issues relating to risk 
within the Bank; and 
‘‘(B) report to the President of the Bank. ‘‘(2) A
PPOINTMENT .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of the Ex-port-Import Bank Reform and Reauthoriza-tion Act of 2015, the Chief Risk Officer shall be— 
‘‘(A) appointed by the President of the 
Bank from among persons— 
‘‘(i) with a demonstrated ability in the 
general management of, and knowledge of and extensive practical experience in, finan-cial risk evaluation practices in large gov-ernmental or business entities; and 
‘‘(ii) who are not serving in a position re-
quiring appointment by the President of the United States before being appointed to be Chief Risk Officer; and 
‘‘(B) approved by the Board. ‘‘(3) D
UTIES .—The duties of the Chief Risk 
Officer are— 
‘‘(A) to be responsible for all matters re-
lated to managing and mitigating all risk to which the Bank is exposed, including the programs and operations of the Bank; 
‘‘(B) to establish policies and processes for 
risk oversight, the monitoring of manage-ment compliance with risk limits, and the management of risk exposures and risk con-trols across the Bank; 
‘‘(C) to be responsible for the planning and 
execution of all Bank risk management ac-tivities, including policies, reporting, and 
systems to achieve strategic risk objectives; 
‘‘(D) to develop an integrated risk manage-
ment program that includes identifying, prioritizing, measuring, monitoring, and managing internal control and operating risks and other identified risks; 
‘‘(E) to ensure that the process for risk as-
sessment and underwriting for individual transactions considers how each such trans-action considers the effect of the transaction on the concentration of exposure in the over-all portfolio of the Bank, taking into ac-count fees, collateralization, and historic de-fault rates; and 
‘‘(F) to review the adequacy of the use by 
the Bank of qualitative metrics to assess the risk of default under various scenarios.’’. 
SEC. 5106. RISK MANAGEMENT COMMITTEE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 3 of the Export- 
Import Bank Act of 1945 (12 U.S.C. 635a), as amended by sections 5104 and 5105, is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(m) R
ISKMANAGEMENT COMMITTEE .— 
‘‘(1) E STABLISHMENT .—There is established 
a management committee to be known as the ‘Risk Management Committee’. 
‘‘(2) M
EMBERSHIP .—The membership of the 
Risk Management Committee shall be the members of the Board of Directors, with the President and First Vice President of the Bank serving as ex officio members. 
‘‘(3) D
UTIES .—The duties of the Risk Man-
agement Committee shall be— 
‘‘(A) to oversee, in conjunction with the 
Office of the Chief Financial Officer of the Bank— 
‘‘(i) periodic stress testing on the entire 
Bank portfolio, reflecting different market, industry, and macroeconomic scenarios, and consistent with common practices of com-mercial and multilateral development banks; and 
‘‘(ii) the monitoring of industry, geo-
graphic, and obligor exposure levels; and 
‘‘(B) to review all required reports on the 
default rate of the Bank before submission to Congress under section 8(g).’’. 
(b) T
ERMINATION OF AUDIT COMMITTEE .— 
Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Board of Direc-tors of the Export-Import Bank of the United 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:37 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00078 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JN6.029 S10JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4055 June 10, 2015 
States shall revise the bylaws of the Bank to 
terminate the Audit Committee established by section 7 of the bylaws. 
SEC. 5107. INDEPENDENT AUDIT OF BANK PORT-
FOLIO. 
(a) A UDIT.—The Inspector General of the 
Export-Import Bank of the United States shall conduct an audit or evaluation of the portfolio risk management procedures of the Bank, including a review of the implementa-tion by the Bank of the duties assigned to the Chief Risk Officer under section 3(l) of the Export-Import Bank Act of 1945, as amended by section 5105. 
(b) R
EPORT .—Not later than one year after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, and not less frequently than every 3 years there-
after, the Inspector General shall submit to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives a written report containing all findings and determinations made in car-rying out subsection (a). 
SEC. 5108. PILOT PROGRAM FOR REINSURANCE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding any pro-
vision of the Export-Import Bank Act of 1945 (12 U.S.C. 635 et seq.), the Export-Import Bank of the United States (in this section re-ferred to as the ‘‘Bank’’) may establish a pilot program under which the Bank may enter into contracts and other arrangements to share risks associated with the provision of guarantees, insurance, or credit, or the participation in the extension of credit, by the Bank under that Act. 
(b) L
IMITATIONS ON AMOUNT OF RISK-SHAR-
ING.— 
(1) P ER CONTRACT OR OTHER ARRANGE -
MENT .—The aggregate amount of liability 
the Bank may transfer through risk-sharing pursuant to a contract or other arrangement entered into under subsection (a) may not exceed $1,000,000,000. 
(2) P
ER YEAR .—The aggregate amount of li-
ability the Bank may transfer through risk- sharing during a fiscal year pursuant to con-tracts or other arrangements entered into under subsection (a) during that fiscal year may not exceed $10,000,000,000. 
(c) A
NNUAL REPORTS .—Not later than one 
year after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter through 2019, the Bank shall submit to Congress a written report that contains a detailed analysis of the use of the pilot program carried out under subsection (a) during the year pre-ceding the submission of the report. 
(d) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
this section shall be construed to affect, im-pede, or revoke any authority of the Bank. 
(e) T
ERMINATION .—The pilot program car-
ried out under subsection (a) shall terminate on September 30, 2019. 
TITLE LII—PROMOTION OF SMALL 
BUSINESS EXPORTS 
SEC. 5201. INCREASE IN SMALL BUSINESS LEND-
ING REQUIREMENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 2(b)(1)(E)(v) of 
the Export-Import Bank Act of 1945 (12 U.S.C. 635(b)(1)(E)(v)) is amended by striking ‘‘20 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘25 percent’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment 
made by subsection (a) shall apply with re-spect to fiscal year 2016 and each fiscal year thereafter. 
SEC. 5202. REPORT ON PROGRAMS FOR SMALL 
AND MEDIUM-SIZED BUSINESSES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 8 of the Export- 
Import Bank Act of 1945 (12 U.S.C. 635g) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(k) R
EPORT ON PROGRAMS FOR SMALL AND  
MEDIUM -SIZED BUSINESSES .—The Bank shall 
include in its annual report to Congress under subsection (a) a report on the pro-grams of the Bank for United States busi-nesses with less than $250,000,000 in annual sales.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment 
made by subsection (a) shall apply with re-spect to the report of the Export-Import Bank of the United States submitted to Con-gress under section 8 of the Export-Import Bank Act of 1945 (12 U.S.C. 635g) for the first year that begins after the date of the enact-ment of this Act. 
TITLE LIII—MODERNIZATION OF 
OPERATIONS 
SEC. 5301. ELECTRONIC PAYMENTS AND DOCU-
MENTS. 
Section 2(b)(1) of the Export-Import Bank 
Act of 1945 (12 U.S.C. 635(b)(1)) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(M) Not later than 2 years after the date 
of the enactment of the Export-Import Bank Reform and Reauthorization Act of 2015, the Bank shall implement policies— 
‘‘(i) to accept electronic documents with 
respect to transactions whenever possible, including copies of bills of lading, certifi-cations, and compliance documents, in such manner so as not to undermine any potential civil or criminal enforcement related to the transactions; and 
‘‘(ii) to accept electronic payments in all 
of its programs.’’. 
SEC. 5302. REAUTHORIZATION OF INFORMATION 
TECHNOLOGY UPDATING. 
Section 3(j) of the Export-Import Act of 
1945 (12 U.S.C. 635a(j)) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), in the matter pre-
ceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘2012, 2013, and 2014’’ and inserting ‘‘2015 through 2019’’; 
(2) in paragraph (2)(B), by striking ‘‘(I) the 
funds’’ and inserting ‘‘(i) the funds’’; and 
(3) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘2012, 2013, 
and 2014’’ and inserting ‘‘2015 through 2019’’. 
TITLE LIV—GENERAL PROVISIONS 
SEC. 5401. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 7 of the Export- 
Import Bank Act of 1945 (12 U.S.C. 635f) is amended by striking ‘‘2014’’ and inserting ‘‘2019’’. 
(b) D
UAL-USEEXPORTS .—Section 1(c) of 
Public Law 103–428 (12 U.S.C. 635 note) is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2014’’ and inserting ‘‘the date on which the author-ity of the Export-Import Bank of the United States expires under section 7 of the Export- Import Bank Act of 1945 (12 U.S.C. 635f)’’. 
(c) S
UB-SAHARAN AFRICA ADVISORY COM-
MITTEE .—Section 2(b)(9)(B)(iii) of the Export- 
Import Bank Act of 1945 (12 U.S.C. 635(b)(9)(B)(iii)) is amended by striking ‘‘Sep-tember 30, 2014’’ and inserting ‘‘the date on which the authority of the Bank expires under section 7’’. 
(d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall take effect on the earlier of the date of the enactment of this Act or June 30, 2015. 
SEC. 5402. CERTAIN UPDATED LOAN TERMS AND 
AMOUNTS. 
(a) L OANTERMS FOR MEDIUM -TERMFINANC -
ING.—Section 2(a)(2)(A) of the Export-Import 
Bank Act of 1945 (12 U.S.C. 635(a)(2)(A)) is amended— 
(1) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and in-
serting a semicolon; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iii) with principal amounts of not more 
than $25,000,000; and’’. 
(b) C
OMPETITIVE OPPORTUNITIES RELATING  
TOINSURANCE .—Section 2(d)(2) of the Export- 
Import Bank Act of 1945 (12 U.S.C. 635(d)(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘$10,000,000’’ and in-serting ‘‘$25,000,000’’. 
(c) E
XPORT AMOUNTS FOR SMALL BUSINESS  
LOANS .—Section 3(g)(3) of the Export-Import 
Bank Act of 1945 (12 U.S.C. 635a(g)(3)) is amended by striking ‘‘$10,000,000’’ and insert-ing ‘‘$25,000,000’’. 
(d) C
ONSIDERATION OF ENVIRONMENTAL EF-
FECTS .—Section 11(a)(1)(A) of the Export-Im-port Bank Act of 1945 (12 U.S.C. 635i– 
5(a)(1)(A)) is amended by striking ‘‘$10,000,000 or more’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘$25,000,000 (or, if less than $25,000,000, the threshold established pursuant to inter-national agreements, including the Common Approaches for Officially Supported Export Credits and Environmental and Social Due Diligence, as adopted by the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development Council on June 28, 2012, and the risk-man-agement framework adopted by financial in-stitutions for determining, assessing, and managing environmental and social risk in projects (commonly referred to as the ‘Equa-tor Principles’)) or more’’. 
(e) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall apply with respect to fiscal year 2016 and each fiscal year there-after. 
TITLE LV—OTHER MATTERS 
SEC. 5501. PROHIBITION ON DISCRIMINATION 
BASED ON INDUSTRY. 
Section 2 of the Export-Import Bank Act of 
1945 (6 U.S.C. 635 et seq.) is amended by add-ing at the end the following: 
‘‘(k) P
ROHIBITION ON DISCRIMINATION BASED  
ONINDUSTRY .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
this Act, the Bank may not— 
‘‘(A) deny an application for financing 
based solely on the industry, sector, or busi-ness that the application concerns; or 
‘‘(B) promulgate or implement policies 
that discriminate against an application based solely on the industry, sector, or busi-ness that the application concerns. 
‘‘(2) A
PPLICABILITY .—The prohibitions 
under paragraph (1) apply only to applica-tions for financing by the Bank for projects concerning the exploration, development, production, or export of energy sources and the generation or transmission of electrical power, or combined heat and power, regard-less of the energy source involved.’’. 
SEC. 5502. NEGOTIATIONS TO END EXPORT CRED-
IT FINANCING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 11 of the Export- 
Import Bank Reauthorization Act of 2012 (12 U.S.C. 635a–5) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), 
by striking ‘‘Secretary of the Treasury (in this section referred to as the ‘Secretary’)’’ and inserting ‘‘President’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘(OECD)’’ and inserting ‘‘(in 
this section referred to as the ‘OECD’)’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘ultimate goal of elimi-
nating’’ and inserting ‘‘possible goal of eliminating, before the date that is 10 years after the date of the enactment of the Ex-port-Import Bank Reform and Reauthoriza-tion Act of 2015,’’; 
(2) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘Sec-
retary’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘President’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(c) R
EPORT ON STRATEGY .—Not later than 
180 days after the date of the enactment of the Export-Import Bank Reform and Reau-thorization Act of 2015, the President shall submit to Congress a proposal, and a strat-egy for achieving the proposal, that the United States Government will pursue with other major exporting countries, including OECD members and non-OECD members, to eliminate over a period of not more than 10 years subsidized export-financing programs, tied aid, export credits, and all other forms of government-supported export subsidies. 
‘‘(d) N
EGOTIATIONS WITHNON-OECD M EM-
BERS .—The President shall initiate and pur-
sue negotiations with countries that are not OECD members to bring those countries into 
a multilateral agreement establishing rules and limitations on officially supported ex-port credits. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:37 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00079 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JN6.030 S10JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4056 June 10, 2015 
‘‘(e) A NNUAL REPORTS ON PROGRESS OF NE-
GOTIATIONS .—Not later than 180 days after 
the date of the enactment of the Export-Im-port Bank Reform and Reauthorization Act of 2015, and annually thereafter through cal-endar year 2019, the President shall submit to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives a report on the progress of any negotiations described in subsection (d).’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by paragraphs (1) and (2) of subsection (a) shall apply with respect to reports re-quired to be submitted under section 11(b) of the Export-Import Bank Reauthorization Act of 2012 (12 U.S.C. 635a–5(b)) after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 5503. STUDY OF FINANCING FOR INFORMA-
TION AND COMMUNICATIONS TECH-NOLOGY SYSTEMS. 
(a) A NALYSIS OF INFORMATION AND COMMU -
NICATIONS TECHNOLOGY INDUSTRY USE OF  
BANK PRODUCTS .—The Export-Import Bank 
of the United States (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Bank’’) shall conduct a study of the extent to which the products offered by the Bank are available and used by compa-nies that export information and commu-nications technology services and related goods. 
(b) E
LEMENTS .—In conducting the study re-
quired by subsection (a), the Bank shall ex-amine the following: 
(1) The number of jobs in the United States 
that are supported by the export of informa-tion and communications technology serv-ices and related goods, and the degree to which access to financing will increase ex-ports of such services and related goods. 
(2) The reduction in the financing by the 
Bank of exports of information and commu-nications technology services from 2003 through 2014. 
(3) The activities of foreign export credit 
agencies to facilitate the export of informa-tion and communications technology serv-ices and related goods. 
(4) Specific proposals for how the Bank 
could provide additional financing for the ex-portation of information and communica-tions technology services and related goods through risk-sharing with other export cred-it agencies and other third parties. 
(5) Proposals for new products the Bank 
could offer to provide financing for exports of information and communications tech-nology services and related goods, includ-ing— 
(A) the extent to which the Bank is author-
ized to offer new products; 
(B) the extent to which the Bank would 
need additional authority to offer new prod-ucts to meet the needs of the information and communications technology industry; 
(C) specific proposals for changes in law 
that would enable the Bank to provide in-creased financing for exports of information and communications technology services and related goods in compliance with the credit and risk standards of the Bank; 
(D) specific proposals that would enable 
the Bank to provide increased outreach to the information and communications tech-
nology industry about the products the Bank offers; and 
(E) specific proposals for changes in law 
that would enable the Bank to provide the fi-nancing to build information and commu-nications technology infrastructure, in com-pliance with the credit and risk standards of the Bank, to allow for market access oppor-tunities for United States information and communications technology companies to provide services on the infrastructure being financed by the Bank. 
(c) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Bank shall submit to Congress a report that 
contains the results of the study required by subsection (a). 
SA 1987. Mr. MURPHY (for himself, 
Mr. S CHATZ , Mr. U DALL , Mr. 
BLUMENTHAL , Mr. H EINRICH , Mr. 
TESTER , Mr. M ERKLEY , Ms. B ALDWIN , 
and Mrs. B OXER ) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle G title XII, add the 
following: 
SEC. 1283. PROHIBITION ON DEPLOYMENT OF 
GROUND COMBAT TROOPS IN IRAQ AND SYRIA. 
No funds authorized to be appropriated by 
this Act may be used to support the deploy-ment of the United States Armed Forces for the purpose of ground combat operations in Iraq or Syria, except as necessary— 
(1) for the protection or rescue of members 
of the United States Armed Forces or United States citizens from imminent danger posed by ISIL; or 
(2) to conduct missions not intended to re-
sult in ground combat operations by United States forces, such as— 
(A) intelligence collection and sharing; (B) enabling kinetic strikes; (C) limited operations against high value 
targets; 
(D) operational planning; or (E) other forms of advice and assistance to 
coalition forces fighting ISIL in Iraq or Syria. 
SA 1988. Mr. BLUNT (for himself and 
Mr. B ROWN ) submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the 
bill H.R. 1735, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of De-fense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title VII, add 
the following: 
SEC. 738. REPORT ON IMPLEMENTATION OF AN-
NUAL MENTAL HEALTH SCREENINGS FOR MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds that the De-
partment of Defense and the Defense Health Agency are currently developing a standard-ized periodic health assessment tool that in-corporates a screening for depression, post- traumatic stress, substance use, and risk for suicide through a person-to-person dialogue using the same question set used for mental health assessments provided to members of the Armed Forces undergoing deployment. 
(b) R
EPORT .—Not later than one year after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to Con-gress a report on the implementation of mental health assessments provided to mem-bers of the Armed Forces under section 1074n of title 10, United States Code, that includes a description of— (1) the reliability of such assessments; 
(2) any significant changes in mental 
health concerns among members of the Armed Forces as a result of such assess-ments; 
(3) any areas in which the provision of such 
assessments to members of the Armed Forces needs to improve; and 
(4) such additional information as the Sec-
retary considers necessary relating to men-tal health screening and treatment of mem-bers of the Armed Forces. 
SA 1989. Mr. COTTON submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1983 submitted by Mr. C
ORKER (for himself and Mr. C ARDIN ) 
and intended to be proposed to the amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of the amendment, add the fol-
lowing: 
TITLE VII—MISCELLANEOUS 
SEC. 5701. ENSURING UNITED STATES CIVIL NU-
CLEAR COMPONENTS ARE NOT ILLE-GALLY DIVERTED TO NUCLEAR NAVAL PROPULSION PROGRAMS. 
Section 57 of the Atomic Energy Act of 
1954 (42 U.S.C. 2077) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
‘‘(f)(1) Except as provided in paragraph (2), 
the Secretary may not make an authoriza-tion under subsection b.(2) with respect to a foreign country with a nuclear naval propul-sion program unless— 
‘‘(A) the Director of National Intelligence 
and the Chief of Naval Operations jointly submit to the appropriate congressional committees an assessment of the risks of di-version, and the likely consequences of such diversion, of the technology and material covered by such authorization; and 
‘‘(B) following the date on which such as-
sessment is submitted, the Administrator for Nuclear Security certifies to the appropriate congressional committees that— 
‘‘(i) there is sufficient diversion control as 
part of the authorization; and 
‘‘(ii) the authorization presents a minimal 
risk of diversion of such technology and ma-terial to a military program that would de-grade the technical advantage of the United States. 
‘‘(2) The limitation under paragraph (1) 
shall not apply with respect to France or the United Kingdom. 
‘‘(3) In this subsection, the term ‘appro-
priate congressional committees’ means the following: 
‘‘(A) The congressional defense committees 
(as defined in section 101(a)(16) of title 10, United States Code). 
‘‘(B) The Select Committee on Intelligence 
of the Senate and the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives. 
‘‘(C) The Committee on Foreign Relations 
of the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives.’’. 
SA 1990. Mr. COTTON submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1983 submitted by Mr. C
ORKER (for himself and Mr. C ARDIN ) 
and intended to be proposed to the amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:37 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00080 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JN6.030 S10JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4057 June 10, 2015 
MCCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end, add the following: 
SEC. 56 ll. UNAUTHORIZED DEALINGS IN SPE-
CIAL NUCLEAR MATERIAL. 
Section 57b.(2) of the Atomic Energy Act of 
1954 (42 U.S.C. 2077(b)(2)) is amended in the first sentence in the proviso by inserting ‘‘the Director of National Intelligence,’’ after ‘‘Commerce,’’. 
SA 1991. Mr. SCHUMER submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title VIII, add 
the following: 
SEC. 811. REPORT ON VALUE-BASED ACQUISI-
TION APPROACHES. 
(a) R EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisitions, Technology, and Logistics and each of the Service Acquisition Executives shall inde-pendently submit to the congressional de-fense committees reports that propose meth-odologies for quantitatively measuring and optimizing the targeted and returned value of the acquisition portfolio of each compo-nent of the Department of Defense, and the benefits of such assessments in supporting improved acquisition outcomes. 
(b) E
LEMENTS .—The report required under 
subsection (a) shall include the following ele-ments: 
(1) An analysis of the applicability of cur-
rent industry and government best practices in value-centric management. 
(2) An analysis of the implications of ac-
quisition-related statutory and policy re-quirements on the implementation of a value-centric approach to portfolio manage-ment. 
(3) A description of the impact of processes 
outside the acquisition system on the value of a delivered capability. 
(4) One or more quantitative approaches 
that could be used to measure and compare the value of disparate programs within the component’s acquisition portfolio. 
(c) V
ALUE DEFINED .—In this section, the 
term ‘‘Value’’ means a quantifiable measure of benefit, which is composed of quantitative assessments of utility, life cycle cost, and development time for a given capability or set of capabilities. 
SA 1992. Mrs. FEINSTEIN submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such 
fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle G of title X, add the 
following: 
SEC. 1085. REPEAL OF PER-AIRCRAFT LIMITA-
TION FOR MODIFYING HC–130H AIR-CRAFT FOR FIRE SUPPRESSION PUR-POSES. 
Section 1098(a)(2)(C) of the National De-
fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66; 127 Stat. 882) is amended by striking clause (i). 
SA 1993. Mr. REED submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike section 535 and insert the following: 
SEC. 535. LIMITATION ON RECEIPT OF UNEM-
PLOYMENT INSURANCE WHILE RE-CEIVING POST-9/11 EDUCATION AS-SISTANCE. 
Section 8525 of title 5, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(1) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘or’’ after 
the semicolon; 
(B) in paragraph (2), by striking the period 
and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) except for an individual described in 
subsection (c), an educational assistance al-lowance under chapter 33 of title 38.’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(c) An individual described in this sub-
section is an individual— 
‘‘(1) who is otherwise entitled to compensa-
tion under this subchapter; 
‘‘(2) who is an individual described in sec-
tion 3311(b) of title 38; 
‘‘(3) who is not receiving retired pay under 
title 10; and 
‘‘(4)(A) who— ‘‘(i) did not voluntarily separate from serv-
ice in the Armed Forces or the Commis-sioned Corps of the National Oceanic and At-mospheric Administration (including through a reduction in force); and 
‘‘(ii) was discharged or released from such 
service under honorable conditions; or 
‘‘(B) who— ‘‘(i) voluntarily separated from service in 
the Armed Forces or the Commissioned Corps of the National Oceanic and Atmos-pheric Administration; 
‘‘(ii) was employed after such separation 
from such service; and 
‘‘(iii) was terminated from such employ-
ment other than for cause due to misconduct connected with such employment.’’. 
SA 1994. Mrs. M CCASKILL submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: Beginning on page 419, strike line 23 and 
all that follows through page 420, line 3 and insert the following: 
(2) establish a process by which the con-
tractor may appeal a determination by a contracting officer that an earlier deter-mination was made in error or was based on inadequate information to the head of con-tracting for the agency; and 
(3) establish a process by which a commer-
cial item determination can be revoked by the head of the contracting activity in cases where the contracting officer is no longer able to make an assessment that the prior determination is appropriate and still appli-cable based on market research and value- based pricing analysis that demonstrates that the Department of Defense would pay more for the item than it had previously or another source could provide a similar item for a lower price. 
SA 1995. Mr. BLUNT submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title XII, add 
the following: 
SEC. 1230. REPORT ON ACTIONS TO ENSURE 
SAFETY AND SECURITY OF DIS-SIDENTS HOUSED AT CAMP LIB-ERTY, IRAQ. 
Not later than 30 days after the date of the 
enactment of this Act, the Secretary of De-fense shall submit to the congressional de-fense committees a report setting forth an assessment whether the Central Government of Iraq is taking appropriate and sufficient actions to ensure the safety and security of dissidents housed at Camp Liberty, Iraq. 
SA 1996. Mr. VITTER submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-
tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. ll. EXPORT CREDIT INSURANCE PRO-
GRAM. 
(a) F INDINGS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Congress finds that— 
(A) the Export-Import Bank of the United 
States administers— 
(i) the Working Capital Loan Guarantee 
Program, which— 
(I) facilitates finance for businesses, in 
particular small businesses, that have ex-porting potential but need working capital funds to produce or market goods or services for export; 
(II) provides repayment guarantees to lend-
ers on short- and medium-term working cap-ital loans made to qualified exporters, which loans are secured by export-related accounts receivable and inventory; 
(III) provides a guarantee of up to 90 per-
cent of the principal and interest on a loan 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:37 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00081 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JN6.031 S10JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4058 June 10, 2015 
made to an exporter by a private lender for 
export-related accounts receivable; and 
(IV) provides a guarantee of up to 75 per-
cent for export-related inventory; 
(ii) the Global Credit Express Loan Pro-
gram, which provides direct working capital loans to small businesses for a 6- or 12-month revolving line of credit of not more than $500,000; and 
(iii) the Export Credit Insurance Program, 
which— 
(I) extends credit terms to foreign cus-
tomers; 
(II) insures against nonpayment by inter-
national buyers; 
(III) covers both commercial and political 
losses with a 95 percent guarantee; and 
(IV) arranges financing through a lender 
by using insured receivables as additional collateral; 
(B) the export loan programs of the Ex-
port-Import Bank of the United States de-scribed in clauses (i), (ii), and (iii) of sub-paragraph (A) are less appealing to small businesses due to lending restrictions on loans under those programs, which provide that— 
(i) the loans may not be used when the ex-
port product being financed has less than 50 percent United States content; 
(ii) the loans may not be used to finance 
sales to foreign military buyers, with which a growing number of small businesses are contracting; and 
(iii) contracts and purchase orders sup-
ported by letters of credit may not be used in determining the borrowing base; and 
(C) the Small Business Administration ad-
ministers— 
(i) the Export Working Capital Program, 
established under section 7(a)(14) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 636(a)(14)), which provides short-term working capital, including revolving lines of credit, of not more than $5,000,000 with a 90 percent guar-antee; 
(ii) the International Trade Loan Program, 
established under section 7(a)(16) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 636(a)(16)), which provides financing of not more than $5,000,000 with a 90 percent guarantee for fixed assets, or to improve a competitive po-sition that has been adversely affected by import competition; and 
(iii) the Export Express Program, estab-
lished under 7(a)(34) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 636(a)(34)), under which— 
(I) exporters are provided with a stream-
lined method to obtain financing backed by the Small Business Administration for loans and lines of credit of not more than $500,000; 
(II) lenders use their own credit decision 
process and loan documentation; 
(III) the Small Business Administration 
determines eligibility and provides a loan approval in 36 hours or less; and 
(IV) the guarantee is 90 percent for a loan 
that is not more than $350,000 and 75 percent for a loan that is more than $350,000 and not more than $500,000. 
(2) A
DDITIONAL FINDINGS .—Congress further 
finds that— 
(A) the export loan programs of the Small 
Business Administration described in clauses (i), (ii), and (iii) of paragraph (1)(C)— 
(i) are not restricted by the limitations de-
scribed in clauses (i), (ii), and (iii) of para-graph (1)(B); and 
(ii) should be commended for their flexi-
bility, quick turnaround times, and the one- on-one assistance from Small Business Ad-ministration personnel in structuring loan deals, negotiating payment terms, and en-suring that the financial needs of small busi-nesses are met; 
(B) the Export-Import Bank of the United 
States only has Regional Export Finance Managers co-located in 12 Department of Commerce United States Export Assistance 
Centers, whereas the Small Business Admin-istration— 
(i) has Regional Export Finance Managers 
co-located in 20 United States Export Assist-ance Centers; and 
(ii) currently has Regional Export Finance 
Managers co-located in 10 additional United States Export Assistance Center locations that the Export-Import Bank of the United States does not, including in— 
(I) Arlington, Virginia; (II) Boston, Massachusetts; (III) Charlotte, North Carolina; (IV) Cleveland, Ohio; (V) Denver, Colorado; (VI) Los Angeles, California; (VII) New Orleans, Louisiana; (VIII) Philadelphia, Pennsylvania; (IX) Portland, Oregon; and (X) St. Louis, Missouri; (C) the Small Business Jobs Act of 2010 (15 
U.S.C. 631 note) increased the maximum loan size under the 2 largest export loan programs administered by the Small Business Admin-istration to $5,000,000, which could cover ap-proximately 80 percent of all small business export loans currently guaranteed by tax-payers through the Export-Import Bank of the United States; 
(D) the export loan programs administered 
by the Small Business Administration and the export loan programs administered the Export-Import Bank of the United States are— 
(i) duplicative of each other, except for the 
Export Credit Insurance Program of the Ex-port-Import Bank of the United States; and 
(ii) under the current structure, competing 
against each other for small business clients; and 
(E) the Export Credit Insurance Program 
of the Export-Import Bank of the United States is a vital component of export loan programs. 
(3) D
ECLARATION OF POLICY .—It is hereby 
declared to be the policy of this section— 
(A) that, should the statutory authority 
for the export loan programs administered by the Export-Import Bank of the United States lapse, the Small Business Administra-tion shall serve the small business clients of the Export-Import Bank of the United States under existing statutory authority of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 631 et seq.); 
(B) to create an Export Credit Insurance 
Program within the Small Business Adminis-tration similar to the Export Credit Insur-ance Program of the Export-Import Bank of the United States; and 
(C) to ensure that small business exporters 
are served by the programs of the Small Business Administration. 
(b) E
XPORT CREDIT INSURANCE PROGRAM .— 
Section 22 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 649) is amended— 
(1) by redesignating subsection (l) as sub-
section (m); and 
(2) by inserting after subsection (k) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(l) E
XPORT CREDIT INSURANCE PROGRAM .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Administrator shall 
establish a program under which the Admin-istration shall provide insurance for the ex-ports of small business concerns, including insurance against nonpayment by inter-national buyers. 
‘‘(2) R
EGULATIONS .—Not later than 90 days 
after the date of enactment of this sub-section, the Administrator shall promulgate regulations to carry out the program estab-lished under paragraph (1), which shall be, to the maximum extent practicable, substan-tially similar to the Export Credit Insurance Program of the Export-Import Bank of the United States, as in effect on the day before the date of enactment of this subsection.’’. AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO 
MEET 
COMMITTEE ON COMMERCE , SCIENCE , AND 
TRANSPORTATION  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on June 10, 2015, at 10 a.m., in room SR–253 of the Russell Senate Office Building to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Passenger Rail Safety: Accident Prevention and On-Going Efforts to Implement Train Control Technology.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON ENVIRONMENT AND PUBLIC  
WORKS  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on June 10, 2015, at 9:30 a.m., in room SD–406 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON FINANCE  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Finance Committee be authorized to meet dur-ing the session of the Senate on June 10, 2015. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on June 10, 2015, at 5 p.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Verification and Assessment: How do you create a successful Inspections Re-gime?’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON HEALTH , EDUCATION , LABOR AND  
PENSIONS  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on June 10, 2015, at 10 a.m., in room SD–430 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Health Information Exchange: A Path To-wards Improving the Quality and Value of Health Care for Patients.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY AND  
GOVERNMENTAL AFFAIRS  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on June 10, 2015, at 9 a.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON INDIAN AFFAIRS  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Indian Affairs be authorized 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:44 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00082 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JN6.032 S10JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4059 June 10, 2015 
to meet during the session of the Sen-
ate on June 10, 2015, at 2:15 p.m., in room SD–628 of the Dirksen Senate Of-fice Building, to conduct a hearing en-titled ‘‘Addressing the Need for Victim Services in Indian Country.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on the Judiciary be authorized to meet during the session of the Sen-ate, on June 10, 2015, at 10 a.m., in room SD–226 of the Dirksen Senate Of-fice Building, to conduct a hearing en-titled ‘‘Examining the Federal Regu-latory System to Improve Account-ability, Transparency and Integrity.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on the Judiciary be authorized to meet during the session of the Sen-ate on June 10, 2015, at 1:30 p.m., in room SD–226 of the Dirksen Senate Of-fice Building, to conduct a hearing en-titled ‘‘Nominations.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON FEDERAL SPENDING  
OVERSIGHT AND EMERGENCY MANAGEMENT  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Sub-committee on Federal Spending Over-sight and Emergency Management of the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on June 10, 2015, at 2:30 p.m. to conduct a hearing entitled, ‘‘Wasteful Spending in the Federal Government: An Outside Perspective.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON NATIONAL PARKS  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Re-sources’ Subcommittee on National Parks be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on June 10, 2015, at 2:30 p.m., in room SD–366 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
SPECIAL COMMITTEES ON AGING  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Special Committee on Aging be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on June 10, 2015, at 2:30 p.m., in room SD–562 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building, to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Ringing Off the Hook: Examining the Proliferation of Unwanted Calls.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
PRIVILEGES OF THE FLOOR 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that Elizabeth Dysart, an intern on Senator L
EAHY ’s 
personal office staff, be granted Senate floor privileges on Wednesday, June 10, 
2015. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
NOMINATION OF JOHN W. HUBER 
TO BE UNITED STATES ATTOR-NEY FOR THE DISTRICT OF UTAH 
NOMINATION OF EILEEN MAURA 
DECKER TO BE UNITED STATES ATTORNEY FOR THE CENTRAL DISTRICT OF CALIFORNIA 
NOMINATION OF ERIC STEVEN 
MILLER TO BE UNITED STATES ATTORNEY FOR THE DISTRICT OF VERMONT 
Mr. FLAKE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to executive session to con-sider the following nominations: Exec-utive Calendar Nos. 142, 143, 144; that the Senate proceed to vote without in-tervening action or debate on the nominations in the order listed; that following the disposition of the nomi-nations, the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table; that no further motions be in order to the nominations; that any statements related to the nominations be printed in the R
ECORD ; that the 
President be immediately notified of the Senate’s action and the Senate then resume legislative session. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Thereupon, the Senate proceeded to 
consider the nominations. 
VOTE ON HUBER NOMINATION  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is, Will the Senate advise and consent to the nomination of John W. Huber, of Utah, to be United States At-torney for the District of Utah for the term of four years? 
The nomination was confirmed. 
VOTE ON DECKER NOMINATION  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is, Will the Senate advise and consent to the nomination of Eileen Maura Decker, of California, to be United States Attorney for the Central District of California for the term of four years? 
The nomination was confirmed. 
VOTE ON MILLER NOMINATION  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is, Will the Senate advise and consent to the nomination of Eric Ste-ven Miller, of Vermont, to be United States Attorney for the District of Vermont for the term of four years? 
The nomination was confirmed. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the motions to re-consider are considered made and laid upon the table and the President will be immediately notified of the Senate’s action. LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ate will now resume legislative session. 
f 
FEDERAL COMMUNICATIONS COM-
MISSION CONSOLIDATED RE-PORTING ACT OF 2015 
Mr. FLAKE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 100, S. 253. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the bill by title. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 253) to amend the Communica-
tions Act of 1934 to consolidate the reporting obligations of the Federal Communications Commission in order to improve congres-sional oversight and reduce reporting bur-dens. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the bill, which had been reported from the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation, with an amendment to strike all after the enacting clause and insert in lieu thereof the following: 
S. 253 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Federal Commu-
nications Commission Consolidated Reporting Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. COMMUNICATIONS MARKETPLACE RE-
PORT. 
Title I of the Communications Act of 1934 (47 
U.S.C. 151 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 13. COMMUNICATIONS MARKETPLACE RE-
PORT. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—In the last quarter of every 
even-numbered year, the Commission shall pub-lish on its website and submit to the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a re-port on the state of the communications market-place. 
‘‘(b) C
ONTENTS .—Each report required under 
subsection (a) shall— 
‘‘(1) assess the state of competition in the com-
munications marketplace, including competition to deliver voice, video, audio, and data services among providers of telecommunications, pro-viders of commercial mobile service (as defined in section 332), multichannel video programming distributors (as defined in section 602), broad-cast stations, providers of satellite communica-tions, Internet service providers, and other pro-viders of communications services; 
‘‘(2) assess the state of deployment of commu-
nications capabilities, including advanced tele-communications capability (as defined in section 706 of the Telecommunications Act of 1996 (47 U.S.C. 1302)), regardless of the technology used for such deployment; 
‘‘(3) assess whether laws, regulations, regu-
latory practices, or demonstrated marketplace practices pose a barrier to competitive entry into the communications marketplace or to the com-petitive expansion of existing providers of com-munications services; and 
‘‘(4) describe the agenda of the Commission for 
the next 2-year period for addressing the chal-lenges and opportunities in the communications marketplace that were identified through the as-sessments under paragraphs (1) through (3). 
‘‘(c) E
XTENSION .—If the Senate confirms the 
Chairman of the Commission during the third or fourth quarter of an even-numbered year, the report required under subsection (a) may be published on the website of the Commission and submitted to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce of the House of Representatives and the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:44 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00083 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A10JN6.034 S10JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4060 June 10, 2015 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-
tation of the Senate by March 1 of the following odd-numbered year. 
‘‘(d) S
PECIAL REQUIREMENTS .— 
‘‘(1) A SSESSING COMPETITION .—In assessing 
the state of competition under subsection (b)(1), the Commission shall consider all forms of com-petition, including the effect of intermodal com-petition, facilities-based competition, and com-petition from new and emergent communications services, including the provision of content and communications using the Internet. 
‘‘(2) A
SSESSING DEPLOYMENT .—In assessing the 
state of deployment under subsection (b)(2), the Commission shall include a list of geographical areas that are not served by any provider of ad-vanced telecommunications capability. 
‘‘(3) C
ONSIDERING SMALL BUSINESSES .—In as-
sessing the state of competition under subsection (b)(1) and barriers under subsection (b)(3), the Commission shall consider market entry barriers for entrepreneurs and other small businesses in the communications marketplace in accordance with the national policy under section 257(b). 
‘‘(e) N
OTIFICATION OF DELAY IN REPORT .—If 
the Commission fails to publish a report by the applicable deadline under subsection (a) or (c), the Commission shall, not later than 7 days after the deadline and every 60 days thereafter until the publication of the report— 
‘‘(1) provide notification of the delay by letter 
to the chairperson and ranking member of— 
‘‘(A) the Committee on Energy and Commerce 
of the House of Representatives; and 
‘‘(B) the Committee on Commerce, Science, 
and Transportation of the Senate; 
‘‘(2) indicate in the letter the date on which 
the Commission anticipates the report will be published; and 
‘‘(3) publish the letter on the website of the 
Commission.’’. 
SEC. 3. CONSOLIDATION OF REDUNDANT RE-
PORTS; CONFORMING AMENDMENTS. 
(a) ORBIT A CTREPORT .—Section 646 of the 
Communications Satellite Act of 1962 (47 U.S.C. 765e) is repealed. 
(b) S
ATELLITE COMPETITION REPORT .—Section 
4 of Public Law 109–34 (47 U.S.C. 703) is re-pealed. 
(c) I
NTERNATIONAL BROADBAND DATA RE-
PORT.—Section 103(b)(1) of the Broadband Data 
Improvement Act (47 U.S.C. 1303(b)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘the assessment and re-port’’ and all that follows through ‘‘the Federal Communications Commission’’ and inserting ‘‘its report under section 13 of the Communications Act of 1934, the Federal Communications Com-mission’’. 
(d) S
TATUS OF COMPETITION IN THE MARKET  
FOR THE DELIVERY OF VIDEO PROGRAMMING RE-
PORT.—Section 628 of the Communications Act 
of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 548) is amended— 
(1) by striking subsection (g); (2) by redesignating subsection (j) as sub-
section (g); and 
(3) by transferring subsection (g) (as redesig-
nated) so that it appears after subsection (f). 
(e) R
EPORT ON CABLE INDUSTRY PRICES .—Sec-
tion 623(k) of the Communications Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 543(k)) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘annually 
publish’’ and inserting ‘‘publish with its report under section 13 of the Communications Act of 1934’’; and 
(2) in paragraph (2), in the heading, by strik-
ing ‘‘
ANNUAL ’’. 
(f) T RIENNIAL REPORT IDENTIFYING AND ELIMI-
NATING MARKET ENTRY BARRIERS FOR ENTRE-
PRENEURS AND OTHER SMALL BUSINESSES .—Sec-
tion 257 of the Communications Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 257) is amended by striking subsection (c). 
(g) S
TATE OF COMPETITIVE MARKET CONDI-
TIONS WITHRESPECT TO COMMERCIAL MOBILE  
RADIO SERVICES .—Section 332(c)(1)(C) of the 
Communications Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 332(c)(1)(C)) is amended by striking the first and second sentences. (h) P
REVIOUSLY ELIMINATED ANNUAL RE-
PORT.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 4 of the Communica-
tions Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 154) is amended— 
(A) by striking subsection (k); and (B) by redesignating subsections (l) through 
(o) as subsections (k) through (n), respectively. 
(2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—The Commu-
nications Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 151 et seq.) is amended— 
(A) in section 9(i), by striking ‘‘In the Com-
mission’s annual report, the Commission shall prepare an analysis of its progress in developing such systems and’’ and inserting ‘‘The Commis-sion’’; and 
(B) in section 309(j)(8)(B), by striking the last 
sentence. 
(i) A
DDITIONAL OUTDATED REPORTS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Communications Act of 
1934 (47 U.S.C. 151 et seq.) is amended— 
(A) in section 4— (i) in subsection (b)(2)(B)(ii), by striking ‘‘and 
shall furnish notice of such action’’ and all that follows through ‘‘subject of the waiver’’; and 
(ii) in subsection (g)— (I) by striking paragraph (2); and (II) by redesignating paragraph (3) as para-
graph (2); 
(B) in section 215— (i) by striking subsection (b); and (ii) by redesignating subsection (c) as sub-
section (b); 
(C) in section 227(e)— (i) by striking paragraph (4); and (ii) by redesignating paragraphs (5) through 
(9) as paragraphs (4) through (8), respectively; 
(D) in section 303(u)(1)(B), by striking ‘‘sec-
tion 713(f)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 713(e)’’; 
(E) in section 309(j)— (i) by striking paragraph (12); (ii) by redesignating paragraphs (13) through 
(17) as paragraphs (12) through (16), respec-tively; and 
(iii) in paragraph (14)(C), as redesignated— (I) by striking clause (iv); and (II) by redesignating clauses (v) and (vi) as 
clauses (iv) and (v), respectively; 
(F) in section 331(b), by striking the last sen-
tence; 
(G) in section 336(e), by amending paragraph 
(4) to read as follows: 
‘‘(4) R
EPORT .—The Commission shall annually 
advise the Congress on the amounts collected pursuant to the program required by this sub-section.’’; 
(H) in section 338(k)(6), by striking ‘‘section 
396(k)(6)(B)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 396(j)(6)(B)’’; 
(I) in section 339(c)— (i) by striking paragraph (1); (ii) by redesignating paragraphs (2) through 
(5) as paragraphs (1) through (4), respectively; 
(iii) in paragraph (3)(A), as redesignated, by 
striking ‘‘paragraph (2)’’ and inserting ‘‘para-graph (1)’’; and 
(iv) in paragraph (4), as redesignated, by 
striking ‘‘paragraphs (2) and (4)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraphs (1) and (3)’’; 
(J) in section 396— (i) by striking subsections (i) and (m); (ii) by redesignating subsections (j) through (l) 
as subsections (i) through (k), respectively; 
(iii) in subsection (j), as redesignated— (I) in paragraph (1), by striking subparagraph 
(F); 
(II) in paragraph (3)(B)(iii)— (aa) by striking subclause (V); (bb) by redesignating subclause (VI) as sub-
clause (V); and 
(cc) in subclause (V), as redesignated, by 
striking ‘‘subsection (l)(4)(B)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (k)(4)(B)’’; and 
(III) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘subsection 
(1)(3)(B)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (k)(3)(B)’’; and 
(iv) in subsection (k), as redesignated— 
(I) in paragraph (1)(B), by striking ‘‘shall be 
included’’ and all that follows through ‘‘The audit report’’; and (II) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘subsection 
(k)’’ each place that term appears and inserting ‘‘subsection (j)’’; 
(K) in section 398(b)(4), by striking the third 
sentence; 
(L) in section 399B(c), by striking ‘‘section 
396(k)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 396(j)’’; 
(M) in section 615(l)(1)(A)(ii), by striking ‘‘sec-
tion 396(k)(6)(B)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 396(j)(6)(B)’’; 
(N) in section 624A(b)(1)— (i) by striking ‘‘R
EPORT ; REGULATIONS ’’ and 
inserting ‘‘R EGULATIONS ’’; 
(ii) by striking ‘‘Within 1 year after’’ and all 
that follows through ‘‘on means of assuring’’ and inserting ‘‘The Commission shall issue such regulations as are necessary to assure’’; and 
(iii) by striking ‘‘Within 180 days after’’ and 
all that follows through ‘‘to assure such com-patibility.’’; and 
(O) in section 713— (i) by striking subsection (a); (ii) by redesignating subsections (b), (c), (d), 
(e), (f), (g), (h), and (j) as subsections (a), (b), (c), (d), (e), (f), (g), and (h), respectively; 
(iii) in subsection (a), as redesignated, by 
striking ‘‘subsection (d)’’ each place that term appears and inserting ‘‘subsection (c)’’; 
(iv) in subsection (b), as redesignated, by 
striking ‘‘subsection (b)’’ each place that term appears and inserting ‘‘subsection (a)’’; 
(v) in subsection (c), as redesignated, by strik-
ing ‘‘subsection (b)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (a)’’; 
(vi) in subsection (e)(2)(A), as redesignated, by 
striking ‘‘subsection (h)’’ and inserting ‘‘sub-section (g)’’; and 
(vii) in subsection (f), as redesignated, by 
striking ‘‘subsection (e)(2)’’ and inserting ‘‘sub-section (d)(2)’’. 
(2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— 
(A) M IDDLE CLASS TAX RELIEF AND JOB CRE -
ATION ACT OF 2012 .—Section 6401(b) of the Middle 
Class Tax Relief and Job Creation Act of 2012 (47 U.S.C. 1451(b)) is amended— 
(i) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘(15)(A)’’ and 
inserting ‘‘(14)(A)’’; and 
(ii) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘(16)(B)’’ 
and inserting ‘‘(15)(B)’’. 
(B) T
ITLE 17 .—Title 17, United States Code, is 
amended— 
(i) in section 114(d)(1)(B)(iv), by striking ‘‘sec-
tion 396(k)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 396(j)’’; and 
(ii) in section 119(a)— (I) in paragraph (2)(B)(ii)— (aa) in subclause (I), by striking ‘‘section 
339(c)(3)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 339(c)(2)’’; 
(bb) in subclause (II), by striking ‘‘section 
339(c)(4)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 339(c)(3)’’; and 
(cc) in subclause (III), by striking ‘‘section 
339(c)(3)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 339(c)(2)’’; 
(II) in paragraph (3)(E), by striking ‘‘section 
339(c)(2)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 339(c)(1)’’; and 
(III) in paragraph (13), by striking ‘‘section 
339(c)(2)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 339(c)(1)’’. 
SEC. 4. EFFECT ON AUTHORITY. 
Nothing in this Act or the amendments made 
by this Act shall be construed to expand or con-tract the authority of the Federal Communica-tions Commission. 
SEC. 5. OTHER REPORTS. 
Nothing in this Act or the amendments made 
by this Act shall be construed to prohibit or oth-erwise prevent the Federal Communications Commission from producing any additional re-ports otherwise within the authority of the Fed-eral Communications Commission. 
Mr. FLAKE. I ask unanimous consent 
that the committee-reported amend-ment be agreed to, the bill, as amend-ed, by read a third time and passed, and the motion to reconsider be consid-ered made and laid upon the table. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The committee-reported amendment 
in the nature of a substitute was agreed to. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:44 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00084 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JN6.028 S10JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4061 June 10, 2015 
The bill was ordered to be engrossed 
for a third reading and was read the third time. 
The bill (S. 253), as amended, was 
passed. 
f 
COMMEMORATING THE 150TH ANNI-
VERSARIES OF THE RATIFICA-TION OF THE 13TH, 14TH, AND 15TH AMENDMENTS TO THE CON-STITUTION OF THE UNITED STATES 
Mr. FLAKE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 198, submitted earlier today. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the resolution by title. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 198) commemorating 
the 150th anniversaries of the ratification of the 13th, 14th, and 15th Amendments to the Constitution of the United States, often re-ferred to as the ‘‘Second Founding’’ of the United States. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the resolution. 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, on Sep-
tember 17, 1787, George Washington, James Madison, and their fellow fram-ers made the momentous decision to sign the Constitution and send it along to the American people for ratifica-tion—marking a new beginning in our Nation’s profound experiment in de-mocracy. 
While the Constitutional Convention 
in Philadelphia in 1787 established the firm foundation for our democracy, it was not complete because it did not ad-dress the vexing issue of slavery. It would take more than seven decades and a bloody civil war before our founding charter would right that wrong. 
This year marks the sesquicenten-
nial, or the 150th anniversary, of the Thirteenth Amendment, which, along with the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Amendments, has been described by scholars as our Nation’s ‘‘Second Founding.’’ Ratified by President Lin-coln and his generation after the Civil War, these second founding amend-ments transformed our original charter by ending slavery, banning racial dis-crimination in voting, and elevating liberty and equality to a central place in our constitutional order. While we rightly celebrate our original founding charter, we have often overlooked the importance of these subsequent amend-ments, which has served as the bedrock and inspiration to procuring equality for racial minorities and women. 
On January 31, 1865, Congress passed 
the Thirteenth Amendment to end slavery and sent it to the States for ratification. Passage of that amend-ment was by no means an easy feat. As brilliantly captured by Steven Spielberg in his film ‘‘Lincoln,’’ the final vote was every bit as dramatic as the film’s portrayal. Doris Kearns Goodwin’s award-winning book, ‘‘Team of Rivals,’’ noted that before this his-toric vote: ‘‘Every available foot of 
space, both in the galleries and on the floor of the House, was crowded at an early hour,’’ and the attendees in-cluded Chief Justice Chase and the members of the Supreme Court, along with Secretary of State William Sew-ard. 
Without the support of five Demo-
crats who became the swing votes, the 
amendment would never have passed. One Pennsylvania congressman, know-ing that his vote could very well cost him his seat, said right before he cast his vote that ‘‘If by my action today I dig my political grave, I will descend into it without a murmur.’’ I am proud to say that both of Vermont’s Senators voted in favor of the amendment, in-cluding Senator Solomon Foot, who served as President pro tempore of the Senate during the Civil War, and Sen-ator Jacob Collamer, who was called the ‘‘Green Mountain Socrates’’ by Senator Charles Sumner of Massachu-setts. Upon the amendment’s passage, Secretary of War Edwin Stanton or-dered 100 guns to fire with their heavi-est charges while the names of those who voted in favor of the amendment were read aloud because ‘‘History [would] embalm them in great honor.’’ 
Upon passage, President Lincoln re-
ceived praise from even his most ar-dent critics, including the prominent abolitionist William Lloyd Garrison, who once burned a copy of the Con-stitution while calling it a proslavery document. 
While this year marks the 150th anni-
versary of the passage and ratification of the Thirteenth Amendment, we should celebrate the second founding amendments together, for they are in-extricably bound. The Fourteenth Amendment, passed in 1866 and ratified in 1868, is perhaps the single most in-fluential amendment passed after the Bill of Rights. This week also marks the 149th anniversary of the passage of the 14th Amendment in the Senate. It was under the command of the Four-teenth Amendment providing equal protection for all citizens that the Su-preme Court held that separate was in-herently unequal in Brown v. Board of Education; that marriage is a funda-mental right that cannot be tainted with racial discrimination in Loving v. Virginia; that women could not be de-nied admission into an all-male mili-tary institute because of their gender in United States v. Virginia; and many others, including hopefully, that the fundamental right to marriage extends to all individuals regardless of sexual orientation or gender identity in Obergefell v. Hodges. 
Ratification of the Thirteenth and 
Fourteenth Amendments cannot be separated from the Fifteenth, which outlawed racial discrimination in vot-ing. In 1865, one month after the end of the Civil War, William Lloyd Garrison called for disbanding an anti-slavery society of which Frederick Douglass and others were members. Prescient as ever, and about 100 years before the passage of the Voting Rights Act, Fred-
erick Douglass responded that ‘‘Slav-ery is not abolished until the black man has the ballot.’’ 
As we celebrate the second founding 
amendments, we must also take time to recognize that issues of race con-tinue to plague our Nation. And as far as we have come, we still have a lot further to go in our march toward a more perfect union. There are some who would confine the fight for civil rights to a bygone era. They see it as a remnant of the distant past in our Na-tion’s history. And they cite the elec-tion of an African American president as evidence that we have somehow achieved full equality under the law. But we know the struggle for equality and for civil rights is ongoing. The fight for a more perfect union is one that every generation must contribute to—including this one. 
Mr. FLAKE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The resolution (S. Res. 198) was 
agreed to. 
The preamble was agreed to. The resolution, with its preamble, is 
printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-
mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
ORDERS FOR THURSDAY, JUNE 11, 
2015 
Mr. FLAKE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that when the Sen-ate completes its business today, it ad-journ until 10 a.m. on Thursday, June 11; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day; that following leader remarks, the Senate be in a period of morning business for 1 hour, with Sen-ators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each; further, that the time be equally divided in the usual form; finally, that following morning business, the Senate then resume con-sideration of H.R. 1735. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 10 A.M. 
TOMORROW 
Mr. FLAKE. Mr. President, if there is 
no further business to come before the Senate, I ask unanimous consent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. 
There being no objection, the Senate, 
at 6:16 p.m., adjourned until Thursday, June 11, 2015, at 10 a.m. 
f 
NOMINATIONS 
Executive nominations received by 
the Senate: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:44 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00085 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10JN6.064 S10JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4062 June 10, 2015 
DEPARTMENT OF STATE  
CAROLYN PATRICIA ALSUP, OF FLORIDA, A CAREER 
MEMBER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF 
COUNSELOR, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE REPUBLIC OF THE GAMBIA. 
PAUL WAYNE JONES, OF MARYLAND, A CAREER MEM-
BER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF CA-REER MINISTER, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE REPUBLIC OF POLAND. 
DANIEL H. RUBINSTEIN, OF VIRGINIA, A CAREER MEM-
BER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF MIN-ISTER–COUNSELOR, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAOR-DINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE REPUBLIC OF TUNISIA. 
FOREIGN SERVICE  
THE FOLLOWING–NAMED PERSONS OF THE UNITED 
STATES AGENCY FOR INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT FOR APPOINTMENT AS FOREIGN SERVICE OFFICERS OF THE CLASSES STATED: 
FOR APPOINTMENT AS FOREIGN SERVICE OFFICER OF 
CLASS ONE, CONSULAR OFFICER AND SECRETARY IN THE DIPLOMATIC SERVICE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMER-ICA: 
MAURA BARRY BOYLE, OF NEW YORK 
PETER C. TRENCHARD, OF MARYLAND 
FOR APPOINTMENT AS FOREIGN SERVICE OFFICER OF 
CLASS TWO, CONSULAR OFFICER AND SECRETARY IN THE DIPLOMATIC SERVICE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA: 
BRADLEY DUANE ARSENAULT, OF FLORIDA 
BRET THOMAS CAMPBELL, OF TEXAS KAREN STONE EXEL, OF CALIFORNIA GLORIA JEAN GARLAND, OF CALIFORNIA MICHAEL H. HRYSHCHYSHYN, JR., OF VIRGINIA YING X. HSU, OF CALIFORNIA STEPHEN S. KELLEY, OF VIRGINIA MARY CATHERINE LEHERR, OF VIRGINIA DENISE G. MANNING, OF VIRGINIA PAUL KARLIS MARKOVS, OF MICHIGAN SCOTT CURRIE MCNIVEN, OF ARIZONA HANH NGOC NGUYEN, OF CALIFORNIA DENISE FRANCES O’TOOLE, OF MAINE MARISOL E. PEREZ, OF NEW JERSEY RONALD F. SAVAGE, OF NEW MEXICO ADAM P. SCHMIDT, OF CONNECTICUT ANNA TONESS, OF TEXAS MICHAEL J. TORREANO, OF FLORIDA NICHOLAS JOHN VIVIO, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA JAMSHED ZUBERI, OF CALIFORNIA 
FOR APPOINTMENT AS FOREIGN SERVICE OFFICER OF 
CLASS THREE, CONSULAR OFFICER AND SECRETARY IN THE DIPLOMATIC SERVICE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA: 
ELISA RACHEL ADELMAN, OF CALIFORNIA 
REID HARMON AHL, OF PENNSYLVANIA JUDE EDMUND AIDOO II, OF MARYLAND NABIL KHALED ALSOUFI, OF CALIFORNIA LYLA J. ANDREWS BASHAN, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUM-
BIA 
CARRIE KRISTIN ANTAL, OF WASHINGTON LINDA ARMSTRONG, OF ARIZONA AVANI PATEL BALUCI, OF ILLINOIS NOEL GEOFFREY BAUER, OF MISSOURI ALLYSON PERRY BEAR, OF MARYLAND AMY MARIE BEELER, OF CONNECTICUT ALISON CORAL BIRD, OF NEW YORK SANDRA SEO YEON BIRD, OF NEW YORK JULIE L. BOCCANERA, OF VIRGINIA ANDREW EDWARD BOEGEL, OF FLORIDA JEREMY D. BOLEY, OF FLORIDA MARC BONNENFANT, OF CALIFORNIA JAMES BORGER, OF FLORIDA PATRICK D. BOWERS, OF WASHINGTON CRYSTAL N. BYRD, OF MARYLAND ELIZABETH MICHELLE CAMPBELL, OF VIRGINIA LAURA GOULART CAMPBELL, OF MAINE MICHAEL FRANCIS CAPOBIANCO, JR., OF FLORIDA DAWN CHERRIE CARMIN, OF COLORADO ALISON J. CASE, OF MICHIGAN 
JUDY CHANG, OF NORTH CAROLINA MICHELLE CHEN, OF CALIFORNIA MARK W. CHILDERHOSE, OF NEW YORK ZACHARY CRAIG CLARKE, OF IDAHO LEE COHEN, OF NEW YORK CHRISTEAN JOSETTE COLE, OF MARYLAND JOHN M. COLLINS, OF CALIFORNIA CHAD WILLIAM CONLIN, OF MASSACHUSETTS EUGENE ALVARO COOPER, OF CALIFORNIA JESSICA HARPER COULIBALY, OF CONNECTICUT 
MATTHEW PATRICK CULLINANE, OF MARYLAND CHRISTOPHER J. DALY, OF ILLINOIS CHRISTINE A. DANTON, OF FLORIDA ADRIANA KRISTEN DAVIS, OF VIRGINIA CHRISTINA T. DAVIS, OF TEXAS JEFFRIES BLUNT DE GRAFFENRIED, JR., OF FLORIDA CURTRICE E. DORSEY, OF SOUTH CAROLINA ERIN EPSTEIN DOSS, OF FLORIDA BRIAN R. ELLIS, OF TEXAS JENNIFER ERIE, OF MARYLAND BRANDON E. L. FENLEY, OF VIRGINIA COREY J. FORTIN, OF KANSAS KEVIN CHRISTOPHER FOX, OF FLORIDA MEREDITH ANNE FOX, OF TEXAS CHRISTOPHER JOHN FREY, OF FLORIDA IRA JOSEPH FRYDMAN, OF CALIFORNIA BETHANY KATHARINE GADDIS, OF COLORADO CONRADO A. GARCIA, OF VIRGINIA TAYLOR HOWELL GARRETT, OF TEXAS MARK D. GIZZI, OF CALIFORNIA DION L. GLISAN, OF OREGON LISA L. GODWIN, OF ALABAMA JEAN–MARC GORELICK, OF NEW YORK JESSE GUTIERREZ, OF CALIFORNIA TRAVIS RAY GUYMON, OF IDAHO ALEXANDRA MONTEALEGRE HADZI–VIDANOVIC, OF 
FLORIDA 
MALICK HAIDARA, OF COLORADO COREY A. HANCOCK, OF FLORIDA KENNETH WOLF HASSON, OF TEXAS JESSICA FORREST HEALEY, OF TEXAS MARY TYLER HOLMES, OF PENNSYLVANIA ANN HOPPER, OF VIRGINIA TIMOTHY M. HURLEY, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA MATTHEW LOWELL HUTCHERSON, OF NORTH CAROLINA STEPHANIE ELISE ICELAND–LEITZEL, OF CALIFORNIA CHIDINMA U. IKONNE, OF MARYLAND DEBBIE PATRICE JACKSON, OF PENNSYLVANIA JUNO LAWRENCE JAFFER, OF VIRGINIA LEIGH HAMILTON JONES, OF VIRGINIA M. THOMAS KALUZNY, OF CALIFORNIA MISCHERE KAWAS, OF FLORIDA KISHORI KEDLAYA, OF CALIFORNIA NANCY H. KLEINHANS, OF NEVADA RYAN D. KNIGHT, OF COLORADO BYRON C. KOMINEK, OF TENNESSEE MICHELLE KOSCIELSKI, OF ILLINOIS CLAUDIA OLIVIA KOZIOL, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUM-
BIA 
HARRY THORNTON KRIZ, OF FLORIDA JOHN KARL KUEHNLE, OF MAINE KAROLYN KUO, OF CALIFORNIA AVIVA ESTHER KUTNICK, OF MARYLAND JANNIE KWOK, OF CALIFORNIA CARLOS ANDRES LAMADRID, OF CALIFORNIA SANG E. LEE, OF CALIFORNIA GREGORY CARL LEON, OF NEW YORK BRONWYN BOWEN LLEWELLYN, OF NORTH CAROLINA JAMES G. LYKOS, OF SOUTH CAROLINA JOHN P. MACY, OF WEST VIRGINIA SABINA MALIK, OF NEW YORK LEROY L. MARSHALL III, OF NEW JERSEY BRIAN MEHLE MARTALUS, OF NEW JERSEY KEVIN CHESLEY MARTIN, OF GEORGIA SUSAN MATHEW, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA ANNA HARRISON MCCREREY, OF VIRGINIA ANNMARIE MCGILLICUDDY, OF VIRGINIA JASON EDWARD MCNABB, OF CALIFORNIA SEAN R. MENDOZA, OF ARIZONA BELAY ASMAMAW MENGISTU, OF MARYLAND CHRISTOPHER A. MILLER, OF FLORIDA KIRA MICKIE MITRE, OF VIRGINIA MONIQUE MURAD, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA JENNY PARRY NEVILLE, OF VIRGINIA 
MICHAEL W. NICHOLSON, OF KENTUCKY DANIELE HENRIETTE NYIRANDUTIYE, OF OHIO NATHAN A. OLAH, OF VIRGINIA FOLASADE A. OWOLABI, OF NEW YORK CHRISTINE PAGEN, OF NEW YORK ROBERT L. PARNELL IV, OF FLORIDA LINDA JEANNE PERCY, OF FLORIDA PAUL MICHAEL PLEVA, OF VIRGINIA ANDREA M. PLUCKNETT, OF VIRGINIA MONICA J. PONS, OF CALIFORNIA CARRIE RASMUSSEN, OF WASHINGTON ANDREW REESE, OF TEXAS TARA M. REICHENBACH, OF VIRGINIA JENNIFER RENQUIST HORSFALL, OF TENNESSEE ERIN MICHELLE RICCI, OF VIRGINIA KEVIN PATRICK ROBERTS, OF CALIFORNIA JUAN CARLOS RODRIGUEZ, OF VIRGINIA DAVID MARTIN ROGERS, OF CALIFORNIA EMILY MCCORMICK RUPP, OF VIRGINIA BRET THOMAS SAALWAECHTER, OF CALIFORNIA BRENDAN SANDERS, OF MISSOURI SHANNON MIRIAM SCHISSLER, OF NEW JERSEY DEREK R. SEDLACEK, OF TEXAS REBECCA SEMMES, OF TENNESSEE PAUL AIYONG SEONG, OF VIRGINIA PALAK VINOD SHAH, OF ILLINOIS K. PRESTON SHARP, OF CALIFORNIA MAURICE L. SHINES, OF MARYLAND GARY SHU, OF NEW JERSEY ADAM J. SILAGYI, OF FLORIDA DANIEL SINCLAIR, OF FLORIDA ERIK M. SINGER, OF TEXAS B. JAMES SOUKAMNEUTH, OF FLORIDA CHRISTOPHER NAIRN STEEL, OF NEW JERSEY MOLLY I. STEINBAUER, OF CALIFORNIA ERIC REED STRONG, OF CALIFORNIA ROGER KATTIRATH SYDNEY, OF TEXAS SOPHIE J. TAINTOR, OF TENNESSEE DANIELLE TEDESCO, OF DELAWARE ANANTHY MICHELE THAMBINAYAGAM, OF WASHINGTON ROD THOMPSON, OF FLORIDA THEOPHILUS ANDREW THORPE, OF DELAWARE SUZANNE MARIE TRUCHARD, OF CALIFORNIA MICHAEL A. TRUEBLOOD, OF VIRGINIA DANIEL C. VERSCHNEIDER, OF NEW YORK MICHAEL KWESI VORDJORBE, OF VIRGINIA EMILY ANN WANN, OF MISSOURI SHERRY WARD, OF NEVADA DENNIS MICHAEL WESNER, OF ILLINOIS SARA A. WESSELS, OF OHIO KERRY L. WEST, OF ILLINOIS BRENDAN WHEELER, OF CONNECTICUT NANCY D. WHITNEY, OF ARIZONA ANDREW KIRK GERALD WILLIAMS, OF FLORIDA ANTHONY WOLAK, OF MINNESOTA 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. CHRISTOPHER P. AZZANO 
f 
CONFIRMATIONS 
Executive nominations confirmed by 
the Senate June 10, 2015: 
DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE  
JOHN W. HUBER, OF UTAH, TO BE UNITED STATES AT-
TORNEY FOR THE DISTRICT OF UTAH FOR THE TERM OF FOUR YEARS. 
EILEEN MAURA DECKER, OF CALIFORNIA, TO BE 
UNITED STATES ATTORNEY FOR THE CENTRAL DISTRICT OF CALIFORNIA FOR THE TERM OF FOUR YEARS. 
ERIC STEVEN MILLER, OF VERMONT, TO BE UNITED 
STATES ATTORNEY FOR THE DISTRICT OF VERMONT FOR THE TERM OF FOUR YEARS. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:44 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00086 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A10JN6.002 S10JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E865 June 10, 2015 
DON’T MESS WITH TEXAS ELE-
MENTARY SCHOOL ART CONTEST WINNER VIVIAN WANG 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, June 10, 2015 
Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
congratulate Vivian Wang of Sugar Land’s Cornerstone Elementary for being one of only thirteen winning students of the Don’t Mess with Texas Elementary School Art Contest. 
Vivian Wang, who is currently in the fifth 
grade, is one of the thirteen winners selected from the 8,228 elementary school students from across Texas who entered the contest. Keep Texas Beautiful and the Texas Depart-ment of Transportation selected the contest winners who displayed tremendous artistic tal-ent, dedication, and creativity. Vivian’s submis-sion will appear in the 2016 Don’t Mess with Texas Calendar and will be displayed on the Keep Texas Beautiful and Don’t Mess with Texas websites. Her work will even be show-cased at the Keep Texas Beautiful’s 2015 An-nual Conference. 
On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-
sional District of Texas, congratulations again to Vivian for being selected as one of the win-ners of the Don’t Mess with Texas Elementary School Art Contest. 
f 
RECOGNIZING SUNNY HILLS 
SERVICES 
HON. JARED HUFFMAN 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, June 10, 2015 
Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, we rise today 
to recognize Sunny Hills Services in San Anselmo, California, on the occasion of their 120th Anniversary Celebration, held on June 5, 2015. 
For more than a century, Sunny Hills Serv-
ices has dedicated itself to protecting, nur-turing and healing at-risk youth in Marin Coun-ty and the greater Bay Area. Originally found-ed as an orphanage and farm, today Sunny Hills helps children and adolescents across the region grow up in safe, healthy environ-ments, develop life skills, achieve academi-cally, and engage positively with our commu-nity. They have worked tirelessly on behalf of our most vulnerable citizens, and remain a leader in best practices for child welfare pro-grams. 
Sunny Hills’ relentless advocacy on behalf 
of our youth has left a lasting impact on indi-viduals, families, and neighborhoods. In the past year alone, they have helped more than 1,600 minors and 1,100 families and care-givers—and that does not include the count-less friends, teachers, and classmates af-fected by their work. From providing mental health services for children experiencing be-havioral and emotional difficulties to organizing 
transitional housing for former foster youth, Sunny Hills continues to engender meaningful change in the lives of our young people and enrich the fabric of our community. 
Future generations rely upon the support to-
day’s children receive. We are all better off because of the vital work Sunny Hills performs by giving youth the tools they need to thrive. Mr. Speaker, we urge our colleagues to join us in congratulating Sunny Hills Services on this milestone and wishing them continued success for years to come. 
f 
REMEMBERING THE LIFE OF MRS. 
SHIRLEY MAE EDDY 
HON. TIM RYAN 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, June 10, 2015 
Mr. RYAN of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to honor the life of Mrs. Shirley Mae Eddy of Canfield, Ohio who will forever be remem-bered as a loving wife, mother, and grand-mother as well as a devoted Christian. Mrs. Eddy spent the early parts of her life in Penn-sylvania, however, when she married the love of her life Bob Eddy, the two relocated to War-ren, Ohio. Tomorrow Mr. and Mrs. Eddy would have celebrated their 60th anniversary. Mrs. Eddy valued her family above all else, and she enjoyed spending time with her six grand-children and great-grandson. All who knew her could attest to her life being built on the strong foundation of her faith. She could always be found lending a helping hand to the less fortu-nate and giving her all wherever she noticed an unmet need. Mrs. Eddy’s carefree laughter and service to the less fortunate are only a few of the attributes that made her special to her friends and family. 
Mrs. Eddy was preceded in death by her 
loving parents, Kenneth and Isabelle; as well as her brother William; she leaves behind her husband of over fifty years Bob; her son, Chuck; daughters Lana and Lindy; brothers Kenneth, Robert, and Tom; sister Nancy; grandchildren Kelly, Chuckie, Bobby, Adam, Morgan, and Paige; and great-grandson, Georgie. Mrs. Eddy was a beloved part of the Canfield community for over forty years, and she will be deeply missed. I extend my condo-lences to her family and loved ones, rest as-sured her light will continue to live on through the hearts and lives she has touched. 
f 
HONORING RABBI HILLEL COHN 
HON. PETE AGUILAR 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, June 10, 2015 
Mr. AGUILAR. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to 
honor the life and work of Rabbi Hillel Cohn, a vital figure in the Inland Empire’s Jewish community and of greater San Bernardino. As 
a representative of Congregation Emanu El of Redlands, Rabbi Cohn worked passionately to honor the precious customs and practices that have been cultivated by the congregation for over one hundred years. 
Rabbi Cohn has played a crucial role in our 
community, making incredible contributions to the interfaith sector of the Inland Empire, bringing our friends and neighbors closer to-gether and fostering a deep respect and admi-ration for our respective backgrounds and tra-ditions. 
Today we thank Rabbi Cohn for his con-
tributions. His story and achievements will live on through those he has inspired and guided. I’m pleased to join members of the Inland Em-pire community in recognizing his incredible life legacy and wish him the best of luck and much happiness in his retirement. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. DAVID W. JOLLY 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, June 10, 2015 
Mr. JOLLY. Mr. Speaker, on June 3rd I 
voted in support of an amendment to H.R. 2578, the Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act of 2016, which I intended to oppose. Let the record show that it was my intention to vote no on roll call vote 280 and oppose the amendment of-fered by my colleague from Oregon. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF DR. QUENTIN 
BURNETT 
HON. MICHAEL C. BURGESS 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, June 10, 2015 
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor Dr. Quentin Burnett, who is retiring after four decades of public service. After an exem-plary career in education, his expertise will be greatly missed. Dr. Burnett earned both his undergraduate and master’s degrees from Texas A&M—Commerce, then obtained a doc-torate in Educational Leadership from the Uni-versity of Texas—Austin. 
Beginning his career as a math teacher, Dr. 
Burnett then served as a coach and a prin-cipal. From there, he became a Texas Edu-cation Agency administrator before serving as Superintendent of three school districts: John-son City, Greenwood, and Argyle ISDs. In ad-dition, he has taught at the highest level of education, as an instructor of graduate finance classes at the University of Texas—Permian Basin as well as at the University of North Texas. At the state level, Dr. Burnett served as a trainer for the Texas Association of School Boards and an officer and past-presi-dent of the Texas Association of School Ad-ministrators. In 2011, after serving for nine 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:27 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A10JN8.001 E10JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E866 June 10, 2015 
years as the Associate Superintendent for Fi-
nance for Birdville ISD, he joined Lewisville ISD as the Chief Financial Officer. 
As Dr. Burnett retires, his leadership within 
the education field and dedication to students and teachers will continue to positively impact Lewisville ISD and Denton County. Best wish-es to Dr. Burnett as he enters a well-deserved retirement. It is a privilege to serve such an outstanding public servant in the U.S. House of Representatives. 
f 
NATIONAL FOREST FOUNDATION 
REAUTHORIZATION ACT OF 2015 
SPEECH OF  
HON. BRENDA L. LAWRENCE 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 9, 2015 
Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, as we vote 
on the bipartisan bill, H.R. 2394, in the House today, I would like to acknowledge the positive impact that our National Forest System has had in my home state of Michigan and throughout our great nation. Comprised of the United States Forest Service and the non-prof-it National Forest Foundation, our National Forest system encompasses 193 million acres of wilderness. These forests nourish a variety of animal and plant species, provide a wide array of recreational opportunities, and pump $13.5 billion annually into the U.S. economy. 
I am encouraged to see the bipartisan con-
sensus around preserving our forests. In Michigan, the work done by the National For-est System has helped preserve two different habitats. In the Hiawatha National Forest on Michigan’s Upper Peninsula, workers helped plant more than 96,000 White Pine, Northern Red Oak and Hemlock trees to replenish the disappearing forest in 2012. Additionally, the national forest system helped lead a coalition to repair the disappearing habitat of the Kirtland’s Warbler. In 2011, Forest workers planted 180,000 Jack Pine seedlings to help re-populate that species of tree, which is re-quired for the Warbler to produce its offspring. Now, thanks to their efforts, the Kirtland’s Warbler population is much more robust within the Huron and Manistee National Forests. 
The important contributions made by the 
National Forest Foundation must not be over-looked, and I wholeheartedly support the pro-gram’s reauthorization. Our forests are an in-credible economic, environmental, and rec-reational resource for our country. We must remain steadfast and continue the work of pre-serving these forests and all of the majestic wonders contained within them for not only those alive today, but for all future generations of Americans. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. ROBERT HURT 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, June 10, 2015 
Mr. HURT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I was 
not present for Rollcall No. 319. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ CELEBRATING THE ROTARY CLUB 
OF HILLSBOROUGH 
HON. LEONARD LANCE 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, June 10, 2015 
Mr. LANCE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to cel-
ebrate the Rotary Club of Hillsborough for 60 years of tremendous humanitarian service. Rotary has been a major part of community life in Hillsborough. 
Rotary International is a global network of 
community volunteers with reach and influ-ence across many spheres of interest, from service and volunteerism to promoting public health education. Rotary is one of the largest and most influential international service orga-nizations worldwide. Rotary members, from New Jersey to the developing world, conduct projects to address today’s humanitarian chal-lenges, including illiteracy, disease, hunger, poverty and lack of clean water while encour-aging high standards in all vocations. Rotary members strive to build goodwill and the members of the Rotary Club of Hillsborough are known ambassadors for dedicated public service. 
The Rotary Club of Hillsborough has accom-
plished numerous projects to improve the lives of individuals needing assistance. Through an-nual fundraising events and community build-ing activities, Rotary outings have assisted the Hillsborough Food Pantry, Homes For Hope, veterans services, families, those with special needs and projects in the public schools. Ro-tary has played a role in making Hillsborough what it is today—a wonderful place to build a life, raise a family and retire. 
Service above self is vital to Rotary and the 
members of the Rotary Club of Hillsborough have for 60 years been a pillar of community spirit in Hillsborough. 
f 
CONGRATULATING MARY 
KUPRIANCZYK 
HON. MIKE QUIGLEY 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, June 10, 2015 
Mr. QUIGLEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
congratulate Cadet Captain Mary Kuprianczyk on earning the Amelia Earhart Award. 
The Amelia Earhart Award is presented to 
individuals upon completion of the first 11 achievements of the Civil Air Patrol Cadet Pro-gram. These achievements show personal growth in five program areas: aerospace edu-cation, leadership, special activities, physical fitness, and moral and ethical values. Once each of these achievements has been satis-fied, the cadet must pass a comprehensive 100 question examination covering aerospace topics, leadership theory, and staff duties. To illustrate how prestigious this honor is, only 5 percent of all cadets earn this distinction. 
At the young age of 16, Mary Kuprianczyk 
has proven to be a role model we can all look up to. While working hard to fulfill these re-quirements, she has been an exemplary honor roll student at Rockover Naval Academy in Chicago. All of these accomplishments have been earned while being the first female Cadet Captain at the Palwaukee Squadron. After completing her education at Rockover, 
Mary plans to continue serving her country by pursuing an appointment to a military acad-emy. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
in recognizing Cadet Captain Mary Kuprianczyk and her exceptional accomplish-ments through the Civil Air Patrol Cadet Pro-gram. 
f 
HONORING THE 2015 AMHERST 
CHAMBER OF COMMERCE SMALL BUSINESS AWARD RECIPIENTS 
HON. BRIAN HIGGINS 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, June 10, 2015 
Mr. HIGGINS. Mr. Speaker, it is my honor to 
recognize the honorees of the 2015 Amherst Chamber of Commerce’s Small Business Awards Luncheon here today. Each business and business leader has done their part to lead by example, demonstrating leadership in the business community and a shared dedica-tion to improving the economic conditions of 
Western New York. 
Marketing Technologies of Western New 
York is dedicated to provide the best tech-nology and services to fellow businesses. In recent years the company has been rapidly growing, in result Marketing Tech has been expanding its services and improving quality of support to businesses across Western New York. I commend this year’s Trailblazer Award recipient, Don Papaj, The President and CEO of Marketing Technologies of WNY. 
Allen Dembski from Buffalo First Wealth 
Management, LLC has utilized his expertise to better serve his clients and his strong record of accomplishments have led him to being rec-ognized here today. Mr. Dembski’s ability to go beyond his role to ensure the small busi-nesses in the community thrive is exemplary. His contributions promote the continued pros-perity of other small businesses in the West-ern New York community. I am pleased to rec-ognize this year’s Small Business Advocate of the Year, Allen Dembski of Buffalo First Wealth Management. 
Cure the Blue of the Buffalo Bills Alumni As-
sociation sets out to raise awareness of pros-tate cancer in the Western New York Region and beyond. The foundation has devoted su-perior dedication to research, awareness and early detection of prostate cancer. It is my honor to recognize Booker Edgerson of the Cure the Blue, Buffalo Bills Alumni Association as this year’s Presidents Award recipient. 
O’Connell and Company functions as a the-
atre company, although it exceeds that title by having an expansive impact on the commu-nity. O’Connell and Company’s mission is to give back to the community which it enter-tains, by organizing fundraisers to aid women and children’s charities. O’Connell and Com-pany invests deeply in its community and strives to make Western New York a better place to work and live. I commend this year’s Award of Excellence recipient, Mary Kate O’Connell founder of O’Connell and Company. 
Empire Genomics is on the precipitous of 
genomic research and technology. They strive to utilize the best in genomic technologies to advance research in their field. Empire Genomics is a global leader in the field of per-sonalized medicine and assists clinicians, drug 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:27 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K10JN8.014 E10JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E867 June 10, 2015 
developers and researchers to answer key 
questions in disease diagnostics, prognosis and disease therapy. I applaud the work of founder Dr. Norma Nowak, and all those at Empire Genomics and congratulate them on their Sponsor’s Award presented by First Ni-agara Bank. 
Tony Martin Awards, Inc. provides high 
quality services for all customers throughout Western New York. Tony Martin Awards has been serving the Western New York commu-nity for over 50 years with extraordinary con-tributions to the regional economy and profes-sional expertise. I am pleased to recognize Tony Martin Awards, Inc. as the recipient of the Small Business of the Year Award. 
Santora’s Pizza Pub and Grill has been a 
staple in Western New York, since 1927. They have been dedicated members of the commu-nity since their inception and it is my honor to commend this year’s Family Owned Business Award recipient, Paul Santora of Santora’s Pizza Pub & Grill. 
This impressive list of Small Businesses 
being honored at this year’s Luncheon and Showcase deserve the extra recognition and I thank the Amherst Chamber of Commerce for bringing these distinguished business leaders together. I ask my colleagues to join me and wish the award recipients continued success in the years to come. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE 30TH ANNIVER-
SARY OF ALPHA KAPPA ALPHA SORORITY, INC. OMICRON CHI OMEGA CHAPTER 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, June 10, 2015 
Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to rec-
ognize the 30th anniversary of Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority, Inc. Omicron Chi Omega Chapter. 
Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority was founded on 
the campus of Howard University January 15, 1908, as the first Greek-letter organization es-tablished by collegiate black women. Inaugu-rated with the founding principle, ‘‘To be su-preme in service to all mankind,’’ Chapters today continue to be conscientious members of their communities, sensitive to the needs and struggles of underserved populations. 
Prince William County’s Omicron Chi 
Omega Chapter was founded August 26, 1984, and chartered May 19, 1985, by five ex-ceptional women: Rosyln Dunn, Venus Miller, Jannette Smithson, Alice Taylor and Mary Wil-liams. During its 30-year history, the Chapter has received many local community awards and recognition from the Commonwealth of Virginia and Alpha Kappa Alpha for its involve-ment in the Back to School/Stay in School Program, its support of SAVAS (Sexual As-sault Victim’s Advocacy Services), and its con-tributions to ACTS and the American Heart Association. 
The 2014–2018 International Program fo-
cuses on five areas of engagement: Edu-cational Enrichment, Health Promotion, Family Strengthening, Environmental Ownership, and Global Impact. Working under the banner of Environmental Ownership, Omicron Chi Omega recently restored the Dumfries Ele-mentary School playground. In addition to the global program, Omicron Chi Omega provides 
$10,000 annually in scholastic scholarships to graduating high school seniors, sponsors food drives for the Hilda Barg Homeless Prevention Center and SERVE Family Shelter, provides school supplies and coats to Prince William County Public Schools students, sponsors pro-grams on physical and mental awareness for senior citizens and their caregivers, and estab-lished a drive to deliver black dolls to the Chil-dren’s National Medical Center in Washington, D.C., to reflect the diverse cultures of children in need. In 2014, I had the honor of partici-pating in the Chapter’s Restoration of Voting Rights forum. 
One of the Chapter’s longest standing initia-
tives, the Little Miss AKA Scholarship Pag-eant, is now in its sixteenth year. The pageant highlights the Chapter’s dedication to the young women of our community. The six- month long program allows for young girls be-tween the ages of five and seventeen to en-hance their personal development, build self- esteem, increase social skills, and meet women of diverse professions and positive role models. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join 
me in celebrating the 30th anniversary of the founding of Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority, Inc. Omicron Chi Omega Chapter. The Chapter continues the legacy of Alpha Kappa Alpha’s founders and continues to be an invaluable force for good in our community. 
f 
DON’T MESS WITH TEXAS ELE-
MENTARY SCHOOL ART CONTEST WINNER ANNE CHRISTIONO 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, June 10, 2015 
Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
congratulate Anne Christiono of Sugar Land’s Cornerstone Elementary for being one of only thirteen winning students of the Don’t Mess with Texas Elementary School Art Contest. 
Anne, who is currently in the third grade, is 
one of the thirteen winners selected from the 8,228 elementary school students from across Texas who entered the contest. Keep Texas Beautiful and the Texas Department of Trans-portation selected the contest winners who displayed tremendous artistic talent, dedica-tion, and creativity. Anne’s submission will ap-pear in the 2016 Don’t Mess with Texas Cal-endar and will be displayed on the Keep Texas Beautiful and Don’t Mess with Texas websites. Her work will even be showcased at the Keep Texas Beautiful’s 2015 Annual Con-ference. 
On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-
sional District of Texas, congratulations again to Anne for being selected as one of the win-ners of the Don’t Mess with Texas Elementary School Art Contest. INTRODUCTION OF BREAST CAN-
CER AWARENESS COMMEMORA-TIVE COIN ACT 
HON. CAROLYN B. MALONEY 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, June 10, 2015 
Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. 
Mr. Speaker, every October Breast Cancer Awareness Month is recognized—acknowl-edging the toll the disease takes on individuals and families, and the importance of continued research and awareness efforts. Since 1989, thanks to earlier detection, increased under-standing, and improved treatment, the death rates for breast cancer have continued to de-crease. Yet breast cancer remains the second leading cause of cancer death in women, with one in 36 women dying from the disease. Just this year, it is estimated that 231,840 women will be diagnosed with and 40,290 women will die of cancer of the breast in the United States. In addition, it is estimated that 2,350 men will be diagnosed with invasive breast cancer and 440 men will die from breast can-cer in 2015 in the United States. 
We need to do more to combat this disease. 
In 2014 alone it is estimated that $17.2 billion will be spent on breast cancer care in the United States. While the National Institutes of Health and the Department of Defense Breast Cancer Research Program remain the largest funders of breast cancer research in the United States, the National Cancer Institute funding was reduced by nearly $66 million from 2011 to 2013. The funding level for the Department of Defense Breast Cancer Re-search Program has remained consistent since 2012; however this amount represents a 20 percent decrease from 2011 funding levels. 
Additional private sector support will help us 
find cures for breast cancer even faster. That is why my colleague Representative P
ETE 
SESSIONS and I are introducing the Breast 
Cancer Awareness Commemorative Coin Act. Proceeds from the sale of the coins will ben-efit the Breast Cancer Research Foundation and Susan G. Komen for the Cure. These two organizations have raised more than $500 mil-lion and $847 million, respectively, for re-search funding. By leveraging the proceeds of the coins we will be able to increase the much needed support for breast cancer research and awareness. 
Clearly, more needs to be done to find bet-
ter treatments and cures for breast cancer. Our mothers, our sisters, our daughters, can-not afford to wait. I encourage you to support this bipartisan legislation. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO IOWA WATER 
ENVIRONMENT ASSOCIATION 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, June 10, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to congratulate the Iowa Water Environ-ment Association (IAWEA) on their 100th year anniversary. This is an important milestone in their history of service to the state of Iowa through their efforts to advance water quality and water pollution control techniques. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:27 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K10JN8.004 E10JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E868 June 10, 2015 
On June 3, 1915, the first formal training for 
wastewater operators in the United States was held at Iowa State College in Ames, Iowa. This meeting was an effort to address water quality problems with a personal touch, in order to explain the best practices for the suc-cessful operation of the state’s water treat-ment facilities. The association was formally founded in 1927 and except for brief interrup-tions during times our nation was at war, has continued their legacy of improving the quality of our state’s water to this day. 
Throughout the many years the IAWEA has 
thrived to meet the needs of the people in the area by providing excellent information on many aspects of water pollution control, water quality, and protection of the environment. I congratulate the Iowa Water Environment As-sociation on this historic anniversary. It is an honor to represent IAWEA members in the United States Congress, and I wish the Iowa Water Environment Association continued suc-cess well into the future. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE DISTIN-
GUISHED CAREER OF IRA GOLD-STEIN 
HON. CHRIS VAN HOLLEN 
OF MARYLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, June 10, 2015 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Speaker, today I rise 
to recognize the retirement of Ira Goldstein, National Director, U.S. Federal Practice at Deloitte LLP. Ira will soon retire after 13 years with Deloitte and a distinguished career serv-ing the public and private sector spanning four decades. 
Since joining Deloitte in 2003, Ira created 
and developed Deloitte’s Federal client service capabilities. He has served a broad range of Federal clients, including Cabinet agencies, and has been a member of Deloitte’s Federal leadership team—most recently as its Civilian Sector Leader bringing innovative and leading edge solutions to the Federal government. 
Ira’s roots are embedded in public service 
where he spent 17 years working for the Fed-eral government, including as U.S. Assistant Comptroller General and Chief Operating Offi-cer at the U.S. General Accounting Office (GAO)—now renamed the Government Ac-countability Office. In this capacity, Ira was re-sponsible for GAO operations, including per-formance management, strategic planning, fi-nancial management, quality assurance, work-force development and information systems. Previously, he served as Acting Associate Commissioner of Social Security and Director of Policy for Family Assistance, with oversight of the $14 billion Aid to Families with Depend-ent Children (cash welfare) Program. Ira began his Federal career in the Office of Plan-ning and Evaluation at the Department of Health, Education and Welfare (now Health and Human services) and served as Director of the HEW Secretary’s Policy Statement Staff. 
Prior to entering government, Ira was Dep-
uty Program Manager for Infiltration Surveil-lance services at Hazeltine Corporation serv-ing the Naval Air Systems Command during the Vietnam War. Ira received his Bachelor of Science degree 
from the University of Pennsylvania and his Masters of Business Administration with Dis-tinction from Harvard Business School. He has served on various boards and community or-ganizations and is currently a Fellow at the National Academy of Public Administration, a Director at the National College Access Net-work, and a Washington Regional Board Member at the Anti-Defamation League. 
Ira’s passion for improving the way the gov-
ernment works and operates, ultimately to service the citizen, has been a theme through-out his professional career. He is currently working on a book focused on the keys to managing success in the federal government. Ira’s federal management experience and pri-vate sector insights will help professionals and students better understand how to be effective in the federal environment. 
On behalf of the people of the 8th Congres-
sional District in Maryland, I would like to thank Ira for his years of service and wish him, his wife Linda and his family all the best in the years to come. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE BUFFALO 
CHAPTER OF THE LINKS FOR ITS OUTSTANDING COMMITMENT TO THE BUFFALO COMMUNITY FOR 65 YEARS 
HON. BRIAN HIGGINS 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, June 10, 2015 
Mr. HIGGINS. Mr. Speaker, I stand before 
you today to recognize and honor the Buffalo Chapter of the Links for its work in the Buffalo community. The Buffalo Chapter of the Links has dedicated their time to aiding the Buffalo area through individual and collective vol-unteerism, as well as charitable giving and scholarship awards. 
The Buffalo Chapter of the Links is one of 
281 chapters in the United States that encom-passes national and area initiatives while ad-dressing the needs of the local community through 6 main facets: Services to the Youth, the Arts, National Trends and Services, Inter-national Trends and Services, Health and Human Services, and Women’s Issues. Sev-eral members of the Buffalo Chapter have held area and national offices, including Link Thelma Hardiman, who served as National Vice President and Eastern Area Director, and Link Cecilia Henderson, who served as East-ern Area Vice Director, Eastern Area Director, and National Secretary. Being the 14th chap-ter chartered in the East and the 20th chapter chartered nationally, the Buffalo Chapter has a long history of service to the community, now celebrating 65 years. 
Throughout the Chapter’s 65 years, they 
have collected over $600,000 in money for scholarships and have performed 150,200 hours, collectively, of service to the commu-nity. The Buffalo Chapter of the Links has worked on various projects in the Western New York region. They have supported local school districts through projects including but not limited to after school book clubs. As well, the Buffalo Chapter has also volunteered with the Buffalo Philharmonic Fund Drive for mem-bership, with an emphasis on enrolling people 
of color; built 2 schools in South Africa, and have assisted women transitioning from serv-ice to their county to reentering the commu-nity. 
Mr. Speaker, thank you for allowing me a 
few moments to honor and recognize the Buf-falo Chapter of the Links. I ask that my col-leagues join me congratulating the Buffalo Chapter of the Links on an accomplished his-tory of charitable giving, and to commend them for the exemplary work they have done to enrich the communities of Western New York for the last 65 years. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE KOREA TIMES 
10,000TH ISSUE AND 46TH ANNI-VERSARY 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, June 10, 2015 
Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to rec-
ognize and congratulate the Korea Times as the newspaper celebrates its 10,000th edition and its 46th anniversary of providing news to the Korean-American community. It is the Ko-rean-American community’s largest and oldest newspaper. 
In my congressional district, across Northern 
Virginia and the Washington region, and across the nation, the Korea Times fills an in-valuable role in providing the community with a daily mix of news and features highlighting local, regional, national, and international issues of interest to Korean-Americans. 
Here in the United States, the Korea Times 
provides its readers with insightful coverage of the latest news and events from the Korean Peninsula. When 304 people, many of them secondary school students, perished in the tragic sinking of the ferry MV Sewol in April of 2014, the Korea Times served as a lifeline to those Korean-Americans seeking information about family and friends involved in the dis-aster. 
During my more than 20 years of elected of-
fice as a district supervisor and Chairman of the Fairfax County Board of Supervisors and as the current Congressman for the 11th Dis-trict of Virginia, I’ve had considerable inter-action with the professional staff of the Korea Times, based in my district and in Wash-ington, D.C. 
On issues I have worked on as co-chair of 
the Congressional Korea Caucus and as a senior member of the House Foreign Affairs Committee ranging from Korean family reunifi-cation and North Korea sanctions to the Korea-U.S. Free Trade Agreement, Korea Times’ journalists have diligently reported on the importance of these matters to their read-ers. 
In print, on the Internet, and via social 
media, the Korea Times is an important asset to the Korean-American community in my Northern Virginia district and across the na-tion. I join my Korean-American constituents and community leaders in congratulating the Korea Times on its 46 years of service and wish the newspaper many more years of suc-cess. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:27 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JN8.008 E10JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E869 June 10, 2015 
DON’T MESS WITH TEXAS ELE-
MENTARY SCHOOL ART CONTEST WINNER JESSICA CHAI 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, June 10, 2015 
Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
congratulate Jessica Chai of Katy’s Roosevelt Alexander Elementary School for being one of only thirteen winning students of the Don’t Mess with Texas Elementary School Art Con-test. 
Jessica, currently in the fourth grade, is one 
of the thirteen winners selected from the 8,228 elementary school students from across Texas who entered the contest. Keep Texas Beau-tiful and the Texas Department of Transpor-tation selected the contest winners who dis-played tremendous artistic talent, dedication, and creativity. Jessica’s submission will ap-pear in the 2016 Don’t Mess with Texas Cal-endar and will be displayed on the Keep Texas Beautiful and Don’t Mess with Texas websites. Her work will even be showcased at the Keep Texas Beautiful’s 2015 Annual Con-ference. 
On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-
sional District of Texas, congratulations again to Jessica for being selected as one of the winners of the Don’t Mess with Texas Elemen-tary School Art Contest. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF DI ´A DE 
PORTUGAL 
HON. JIM COSTA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, June 10, 2015 
Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today with 
my colleagues Mr. V ALADAO of California, Mr. 
CICILLINE of Rhode Island, Mr. N UNES of Cali-
fornia, Mr. L ANGEVIN of Rhode Island, Mr. 
MCGOVERN of Massachusetts, Mr. K EATING of 
Massachusetts, and Mr. H ONDA of California to 
recognize Dı ´a de Portugal and to champion 
the strong bond between the United States and Portugal. Celebrated on June 10 each year, Dı ´a de Portugal recognizes Portugal’s 
beautiful heritage and culture. 
Dı´a de Portugal honors the death of the re-
vered Portuguese poet Luı ´s Vaz de Camo ˜es 
in 1580. Camo ˜es is famously known for Os 
Lusı´adas, one of Portugal’s most treasured lit-
erary works. The poem pays tribute to Por-tugal’s golden age of exploration and cele-brates the many monumental discoveries made by Portuguese explorers in the 15th century. 
Vibrant Portuguese American communities 
can be seen across our nation from Massa-chusetts, New Jersey and Rhode Island, to California and Hawaii. These communities are filled with over 1.3 million Americans of Por-tuguese descent who have been making posi-tive contributions to our society for genera-tions. We are a nation of immigrants, and celebrations like Dı ´a de Portugal remind us all 
that it is important to remain connected to our own individual heritage. 
The United States and Portugal maintain a 
robust relationship, and have been connected ever since the Portuguese were among the first to recognize the U.S. as an independent 
nation at the conclusion of the Revolutionary War. President George Washington formalized diplomatic relations on February 21, 1791, and our oldest continuously-operated U.S. Con-sulate in the world is located in Ponta Delgada on the island of Sa ˜o Miguel in the Azores. 
Mr. Speaker, on this Dı ´a de Portugal, we 
are reminded that our special relationship with Portugal must be continuously strengthened. As U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry has said, ‘‘The strong partnership between our two countries is more vital than ever.’’ This day celebrates the accomplishments of Portuguese and Portuguese Americans, and we congratu-late these communities on their global impact and achievement. 
f 
IN HONOR OF ALAN SLOBODIEN, 
UPON HIS RETIREMENT FROM VERNON YOUTH SERVICES 
HON. JOE COURTNEY 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, June 10, 2015 
Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Speaker, today I rise 
to recognize an exceptional public servant from my hometown of Vernon, Connecticut, Mr. Alan Slobodien, and mark his retirement from Vernon Youth Services. 
Over the past 20 years, Alan has ably 
served as the director of Vernon Youth Serv-ices, an organization devoted to ensuring that ‘‘all Vernon children birth to age 18 are safe, healthy, and productive.’’ It is with this goal in mind that Alan has developed forward-thinking programming and policies to engage young people in our town, ensure that they have safe places to learn and play, and have opportuni-ties for success in the future. His commitment to Vernon’s youth is unparalleled, and his opti-mism about Vernon’s future has resulted in real, recognizable benefits for our community. With Al at the helm, Vernon Youth Services through summer nutrition programs, to men-toring, to homework support, has continued to make Vernon an ideal place to raise children. 
On a personal note, I first met Al over 30 
years ago when I was the Assistant Public De-fender at the Rockville Superior Court and Al was an invaluable contact to get help for young clients. He was incredibly resourceful, sizing up the needs of young people in trouble with the law and designing treatment pro-grams that helped both the community and the person. He had a wonderful combination of compassion and smarts that I really admired. Despite the sometimes hopeless cir-cumstances he tried to fix, he never lost his optimism about people and their potential to change for the better. What an inspiration to all of us. 
Please join me in congratulating Alan on his 
decades of remarkable service to his commu-nity, and wishing him and his family a reward-ing, and well-deserved retirement. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO MICHAEL MESSINA 
HON. JUDY CHU 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, June 10, 2015 
Ms. JUDY CHU of California. Mr. Speaker, 
I rise today to recognize the extraordinary life and achievements of my friend, Michael 
Messina, former Mayor and City Councilmember of Alhambra, who passed away on April 10, 2015. 
Michael was devoted to his city and his 
community. A lifelong resident of Alhambra who attended Ramona Elementary School and Alhambra High School, he graduated from California State University Los Angeles, and remained a resident of Alhambra until his passing. 
In 1979, Michael began his public service 
career, serving on the Alhambra City Council from 1979 to 1986, and as Mayor in 1982 and 1986. During this time, Michael dedicated him-self to improving the city and community he loved. 
Michael was driven to help businesses to 
flourish in Alhambra and thanks to his efforts, downtown Alhambra is now a thriving com-mercial center with restaurants and busi-nesses, giving the intersection of Main and Garfield streets a ‘‘Main Street USA’’ feel. Mi-chael worked to expand development, tackling 
things as instrumental as repaving streets and sidewalks to paving the way for Price Club (now Costco) to come to Alhambra, which has become the largest retail tax producer in the city. He also personally led a city delegation to meet with the founder and CEO of Mervyns Department stores, as he was convinced that such an addition would bring even more busi-ness to the city center, and he was right. Mervyns planted its roots in Alhambra, and stores followed, including the Alhambra Place shopping center, which is still the center of re-tail in the city today, and every year hosts the ‘‘Taste of Alhambra’’ Festival. This is all thanks to Michael’s vision for his city. 
As the population of Los Angeles County 
grew in the past 20 years, Michael fought to increase his community’s access to transpor-tation and to bring down congestion in the area. He was a champion of seniors, expand-ing programs like Senior Ride and Senior Housing, and he believed deeply in the public spaces of Alhambra, increasing the capacity of the Parks and Recreation department, so ev-eryone in the city could enjoy the beautiful outdoor spaces in the San Gabriel Valley. For him, civil service was about the people and the community he loved. 
Even when he left the Alhambra City Coun-
cil, Michael remained as a key figure in the community, eventually sitting on the Oversight Board for the city. He was a devoted parish-ioner of All Souls Church, and volunteered with Meals on Wheels, Knights of Columbus, the Alhambra Exchange Club, the Foundation for the Blind, and was president of the local St. Vincent de Paul Society. No matter what he did, Michael was determined to give back. Michael’s dedication to Alhambra was an in-spiration, and when I was first elected Mayor of the neighboring city of Monterey Park in 1988, I looked to Michael as an example of a true public servant. 
There is no doubt that Alhambra has lost 
one of its most devoted citizens and most stal-wart champions. We are thankful for his many years of service, and will continue to honor his legacy of leadership and commitment to our community. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:27 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JN8.010 E10JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E870 June 10, 2015 
RECOGNIZING BILL MURPHY FOR 
HIS OUTSTANDING COMMITMENT TO THE SOUTH BUFFALO COM-MUNITY 
HON. BRIAN HIGGINS 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, June 10, 2015 
Mr. HIGGINS. Mr. Speaker, I stand before 
you today to recognize and honor Mr. Bill Mur-phy for his work in the South Buffalo commu-nity. Mr. Murphy has dedicated his career to helping area labor unions and injured workers in their legal battles against insurance compa-nies and those that caused them harm. 
Mr. Murphy is a Bishop Timon high school 
class of 1989 graduate as well as a graduate of Medaille College where he earned his Bachelor’s Degree. He would then go on to enroll in the University at Buffalo Law School where he developed the skills which made him a partner at the law firm Maxwell Murphy. Mr. Murphy prides himself on his Buffalo roots and on his ability to help those who live in his na-tive town. 
The contributions that Mr. Murphy has made 
to the South Buffalo community are many and varied. He has served as a Chairman of the Timon Lawn Fete and Timon Sports Night. Both he and his law firm have donated to var-ious community events throughout Western New York, and they have supported such events as the ‘‘Run Jimmy Run’’ Charity Race, the annual Cystic Fibrosis Foundation Golf Outing, and the Mount Mercy Academy 5K. Additionally Mr. Murphy’s law firm helped the students of Saints Peter and Paul Grade School to purchase new hockey uniforms to replace their worn jerseys. 
Mr. Speaker, thank you for allowing me a 
few moments to honor and recognize Mr. Bill Murphy. I ask that my colleagues join me con-gratulating Mr. Murphy on an accomplished career, and to commend him for the exem-plary work he has done to enrich the commu-nities of Western New York. 
f 
RECOGNIZING DR. LUKE TORIAN 
ON THE OCCASION OF HIS 20TH PASTORAL ANNIVERSARY AT FIRST MOUNT ZION BAPTIST CHURCH OF DUMFRIES 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, June 10, 2015 
Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to rec-
ognize my dear friend, the Reverend Dr. Luke E. Torian, on the occasion of his 20th Pastoral Anniversary at First Mount Zion Baptist Church of Dumfries, Virginia. 
First Mount Zion Baptist Church has a long, 
prosperous history starting with its founding in 1867, which now continues under the tutelage of Dr. Torian, who became its first and only full time pastor in 1995. Since his installation, Dr. Torian has served an instrumental role in the growth of the church. More than 4,000 now call First Mount Zion Baptist Church their religious and spiritual home and approximately 70 different ministries now serve the needs of the congregation and community. 
Not only has Dr. Torian served his con-
gregation, but he also has dedicated his time to serve the community at large. He is cur-
rently a member of the Prince William County Ministerial Association. He has served on the Cardinal Bank Advisory Board; the Board of Directors of the Baptist General Convention, and is a member of Omega Psi Phi Fraternity, Inc. In June 2004, former Governor Mark War-ner appointed Dr. Torian to the Virginia Board of Counseling. He also served on the ACTS Board of Directors for three years. In addition, in 2009 he was elected to the Virginia House of Delegates, representing the 52nd District. 
Dr. Torian’s dedication to his faith and his 
congregation, combined with his exceptional leadership abilities have been recognized by others. In 2002, Howard University presented him with the James Floyd Jenkins Pillar of Faith Award in recognition of the outstanding contributions that he has made to his church and the community. In the fall of 2003 and 2004, Dr. John Maxwell, renowned expert in leadership development, selected Dr. Torian as one of 50 leaders from across the country to participate in a special leadership institute in Atlanta. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask that my Colleagues join 
me in recognizing Dr. Luke E. Torian and the First Mount Zion Baptist Church congregation as they celebrate this significant milestone in their history and in wishing them continued success and prosperity. 
f 
DON’T MESS WITH TEXAS ELE-
MENTARY SCHOOL ART CONTEST WINNER ANNABELLE DU 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, June 10, 2015 
Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
congratulate Annabelle Du of Katy’s James E. Williams Elementary School for being one of only thirteen winning students of the Don’t Mess with Texas Elementary School Art Con-test. 
Annabelle, who is currently in the fourth 
grade, is one of the thirteen winners selected from the 8,228 elementary school students from across Texas who entered the contest. Keep Texas Beautiful and the Texas Depart-ment of Transportation selected the contest winners who displayed tremendous artistic tal-ent, dedication, and creativity. Annabelle’s submission will appear in the 2016 Don’t Mess with Texas Calendar and will be displayed on the Keep Texas Beautiful and Don’t Mess with Texas websites. Her work will even be show-cased at the Keep Texas Beautiful’s 2015 An-nual Conference. 
On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-
sional District of Texas, congratulations again to Annabelle for being selected as one of the winners of the Don’t Mess with Texas Elemen-tary School Art Contest. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. JOHN J. DUNCAN, JR. 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, June 10, 2015 
Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, 
on June 9, 2015 I was absent for recorded votes #309–#318 due to a flight cancellation 
from Knoxville. I would like to reflect how I would have voted had I been present: 
On Roll Call #309, I would have voted Yes. On Roll Call #310, I would have voted Yes. On Roll Call #311, I would have voted Yes. On Roll Call #312, I would have voted Yes. 
On Roll Call #313, I would have voted Yes. On Roll Call #314, I would have voted Yes. On Roll Call #315, I would have voted Yes. On Roll Call #316, I would have voted No. On Roll Call #317, I would have voted Yes. On Roll Call #318, I would have voted Yes. 
f 
OUR UNCONSCIONABLE NATIONAL 
DEBT 
HON. MIKE COFFMAN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, June 10, 2015 
Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, on January 
20, 2009, the day President Obama took of-fice, the national debt was $10,626,877,048,913.08. 
Today, it is $18,152,778,985,959.44. We’ve 
added $7,525,901,937,046.36 to our debt in 6 years. This is over $7.5 trillion in debt our na-tion, our economy, and our children could have avoided with a balanced budget amend-ment. 
f 
HONORING THE BIRTHDAY OF 
HONOR DOLD 
HON. ROBERT J. DOLD 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, June 10, 2015 
Mr. DOLD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to wish 
my daughter, Honor Dold, a happy birthday. 
Honor turned eight years old yesterday. She 
was born in Evanston, Illinois, and since that day in 2007, has kept me, her mother, Danielle, her sister Harper, and brother Bobby always smiling. 
Honor’s favorite subject is math and always 
puts her best effort forward into everything she does. Honor excels not only in soccer and la-crosse, but also in dance. She brightens every room she walks into with a truly contagious smile. Honor is the perfect amount of smart, silly, and funny that makes everyone around her happy. 
Honor enjoys spending time with her proud 
grandparents, Nana and Chief, Papa and Granma, her aunts and uncles, and all of her cousins. 
I look forward to watching Honor grow and 
mature into a fine independent young woman, and a shining light to our family and commu-nity. Happy Birthday, Honor. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF MARLENE 
ISBELL DEVINE 
HON. ERIK PAULSEN 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, June 10, 2015 
Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize Marlene Isbell Devine who retired 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:27 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K10JN8.006 E10JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E871 June 10, 2015 
from Allianz of America on April 10, 2015 after 
working for over 38 years at the firm and its antecedent companies, most notably Allianz Life, which is headquartered in my district in Golden Valley. 
Marlene began her career in the typing and 
steno pool of North American Life Insurance and Casualty Company on August 16, 1976 and moved up in fast order to become the Ex-ecutive Assistant to CEO Howard Barnhill. Her tenure with the company coincided with its purchase by the German Insurance giant Allianz AG in 1979. Marlene served four other company CEOs and at the time of her retire-ment she was the Personal Assistant to Allianz of America Chairman and Member of the Allianz SE Board of Management, Gary Bhojwani. 
Office technology, fashion styles and even 
eating habits have changed dramatically since Marlene started in the mid-1970s, sometimes for the better and sometimes not. However, one thing that is constant is that every CEO and organization needs a person like Marlene Devine who can be counted on to keep things organized, communicate information, and serve as a friend and counsel to everyone around them. As we all know, today’s work life can at times be all-consuming, and Marlene’s greatest strength was her ability to make ev-eryone feel special and appreciated. In doing so, she was mentor to hundreds of people within the company, many of whom rose to 
the highest executive positions within Allianz. Marlene’s personal warmth, integrity, good judgment, dedication, and humor made her very valued and beloved. 
Marlene is married to Dan Devine, and they 
reside in Savage, Minnesota. They have three grown children, Stephanie, Kyle, and Whitney; and two grandsons, Joshua Stewart and Hun-ter Johnson, who are all a source of pride and happiness. Marlene is an avid gardener, en-joys her cats and reading, and loves a good day on the river fishing with Dan. She and her twin sister Marilyn Wille are known for their long ‘‘Thelma and Louise’’ automobile excur-sions that have taken them all across the United States. 
Mr. Speaker, we live in a period of time of 
fast movement where people change jobs and companies regularly during the course of their careers. However, as we all know from our own offices, institutional knowledge is essen-tial, and those dedicated people who have it are the key to our success. Marlene Devine deserves our praise for an exemplary life that touched so many people. I offer my best wish-es to her and Dan on the next chapter of their lives, and for many years of good health and happiness. 
f 
RECOGNIZING KAREN ERICKSON 
FOR HER OUTSTANDING COMMIT-MENT TO THE BUFFALO COMMU-NITY 
HON. BRIAN HIGGINS 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, June 10, 2015 
Mr. HIGGINS. Mr. Speaker, I stand before 
you today to recognize and honor Mrs. Karen Erickson for her work in the South Buffalo community. Mrs. Erickson has dedicated her career to acting as a public servant as well as giving back to her native community. Mrs. Erickson is a South Buffalo native who 
attended Mt. Mercy Academy in 1963 and re-ceived her Associate Degree from Erie Com-munity College and her Bachelor’s Degree from Houghton College. It was during the Jack Donohue 5K Race that Mrs. Erickson began the tradition of serving hot dogs along with her sorority sisters, a tradition which has contin-ued after the retirement of ‘‘Jack’s 5K’’ into the Mount Mercy Alumnae Race. 
Besides her contributions to Mount Mercy 
Academy Mrs. Erickson has also been the Athletic Director for Most Precious Blood School and the organizer of the George Leath-er, MPB Invitational Basketball Tournament for 25 years. She has also served on the Dioce-san School Board, the School Board at St. Francis High School, Community Concern, and various organizations in the Town of Evans. She currently serves on the Board of the Business and Finance Academy at Lake Shore Central High School, Vice President of the Evans Democratic Club and serves on the Evans Economic Development Committee. Additionally she has, for the past five years, organized the Connors’ 5K Wiener Run to benefit the Boys and Girls Club of Lake Shore. Finally Mrs. Erickson was the Deputy Super-visor in the Town of Evans for 12 years. 
Mr. Speaker, thank you for allowing me a 
few moments to honor and recognize Mrs. Karen Erickson. I ask that my colleagues join me congratulating Mrs. Erickson on an accom-plished career, and to commend her for the exemplary work she has done to enrich the communities of Western New York. 
f 
COMMEMORATING THE LIFE OF 
SHIRLEY JEANNE MOSCOV STARK 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, June 10, 2015 
Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to commemorate the life of Shirley Jeanne Moscov Stark. Mrs. Stark passed away May 4, 2015, and, during her nearly 85 years, she im-pacted the lives of everyone she touched. 
Trailblazer is a word we hear often about 
those who pave the way for future genera-tions. Rarely has that term been more fittingly used than now as we pay tribute to Shirley. Shirley Jeanne Moscov was born October 18, 1930, and raised in Canonsburg, PA, a small town outside of Pittsburgh. She was the daughter of Polish Jewish immigrants who first arrived in New York and eventually settled in Western Pennsylvania. Her parents ran one of the few grocery stores in town and lived above the store. As was true with so many immi-grants of that era, they never took a vacation or attended family events together—the store had to be open to serve the community. This was the Great Depression; her parents would extend credit to their neighbors who couldn’t afford to pay for needed food and supplies, and Shirley learned from a young age the value of charity and serving the needs of oth-ers. 
Shirley was an exceptionally bright and curi-
ous child. She read every book in the local li-brary and excelled at school. But in a small coal town, educational opportunities were scarce. Few boys went to college and even fewer girls. In her early teens, one of her teachers recognized her abilities and potential 
and encouraged Shirley to apply to a very se-lect program for gifted high school students of-fered by the University of Chicago. Shirley took the entrance exam and earned not only a perfect score, but admittance to the Univer-sity. At the age of 15, Shirley boarded a train to Chicago to begin her studies. Two years later, at 17, she had earned a Bachelor’s De-gree. Shirley returned to Pennsylvania where she enrolled at the University of Pittsburgh earning a Masters Degree in Mathematics. She was recruited by Westinghouse and her-alded by the press as ‘‘The World’s Youngest Nuclear Physicist at 19.’’ While working at Westinghouse, she continued her studies and received yet another Masters Degree in psy-chology. A few years later, she married Sidney Stark, Jr. and decided to postpone her profes-sional career in favor of raising a family. 
Parallel to Shirley’s love of science was her 
passion in the fields of travel, music, art, and architecture. When her children, Seth and Sid, entered elementary school, she decided to pursue her passions and enrolled in graduate studies at the University of Pittsburgh Fine Arts Department. She spent summers and va-cations in Europe expanding her knowledge and expertise. During her life she traveled to five continents and dozens of countries. Shir-ley was an inspiring teacher; she chaired the Art Department at Chatham College for seven years and taught various courses in Art and Architectural History at Carnegie Mellon Uni-versity well into her later years. During this time, she also opened a small business, Trav-el Bound Books, and served as a consultant to specialized tours throughout Europe that fo-cused on mankind’s greatest artistic and archi-tectural creations. 
With all of these achievements, Shirley is 
best remembered as charming and vivacious. Her home was always full of laughter, music, loved ones, and of course, great food. New Year’s Eve parties, Seders, crab and lobster feasts, and holiday dinners at the Stark house were legendary. Shirley was a loving and de-voted daughter, wife, mother, grandmother, sister, aunt, and friend, and she made every person she met feel special and unique. Her sharp wit and sparkling spirit were infectious, and all who met her felt they were lucky and blessed to have known her. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join 
me in celebrating the life of Shirley Jeanne Moscov Stark and in extending my deepest condolences to her family and friends. She will be greatly missed. 
f 
KILLUM PEST CONTROL, INC. 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, June 10, 2015 
Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
congratulate all members of the Killum Pest Control, Inc. team who were honored with the Winner of Distinction Award at the Better Busi-ness Bureau Awards for Excellence. 
KiIlum Pest Control, Inc. is one of 314 com-
panies recognized by the Better Business Bu-reau Awards of Excellence for their commit-ment and integrity. They have now been rec-ognized twice for their achievements. We are extremely proud of the dedication of Killum 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:27 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A10JN8.018 E10JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E872 June 10, 2015 
Pest Control’s employees and the leadership it 
provides in the small business community. 
On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-
sional District of Texas, congratulations again to Killum Pest Control, Inc. for earning this es-teemed award. 
f 
SUPPORTING LOCAL LAW 
ENFORCEMENT AGENCIES 
SPEECH OF  
HON. BRENDA L. LAWRENCE 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 9, 2015 
Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, as we vote 
on H. Res. 295, I would like to address the need for body cameras worn by on-duty law enforcement. 
As a result of the influx of controversial re-
ports citing alleged inappropriate behavior by police officers, body cameras will provide more transparency in what can be otherwise confounding cases. In instances like the Wal-ter Scott shooting, the McKinney incident, and the Trayvon Martin case, video footage from a body-worn camera may have provided critical, tangible evidence regarding the events that transpired. Such technology has the capability to reduce the number of complaints of exces-sive use of force by officers. It also provides the power to dismiss officers from false, mali-cious complaints. Additionally, footage from body cameras can be utilized as a teaching tool in which officers review video in an at-tempt to learn from their mistakes and improve their performance. Both exemplary and inap-propriate police behavior can be analyzed in order to build greater trust between law en-forcement and the communities they are tasked with serving. 
Furthermore, there are studies that show 
improved behavior occurs with both police offi-cers and potential suspects when both parties know they are being recorded. Detroit’s signifi-cantly higher crime rate when compared with the U.S. average makes this topic of particular concern to me and my District. The violent crime rate in 2012 was nearly six times that of the U.S. average. The implementation of body cameras will help ensure the safety of my con-stituents by recording interactions between of-ficers and civilians. I urge support for this bill for the protection and interests of all involved. 
I would like to thank my colleague, Con-
gressman G
REEN for this bipartisan legislation 
to reform our nation’s law enforcement policies and procedures by promoting transparency while protecting citizens and officers. 
f 
HONORING RICHARD C. EHLKE 
HON. DONALD S. BEYER, Jr. 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, June 10, 2015 
Mr. BEYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor my constituent, Richard C. Ehlke, Sen-ior Advisor to the Director and Senior Spe-cialist, of the Congressional Research Service (CRS) of the Library of Congress. Mr. Ehlke retired on May 29, 2015 after a distinguished career of over four decades with CRS. 
During his tenure, Mr. Ehlke served in many 
roles at CRS. He began his career as a legis-lative attorney with the American Law Division 
of CRS, and Members of Congress and staff actively sought his thoughtful, objective anal-yses of some of the most complex and nuanced legal issues facing the Congress. His highly regarded and much relied upon briefs often focused on potential points of friction be-tween Congress and the Executive Branch. At the behest of his Congressional clients, he analyzed the legal intricacies of legislative ve-toes, Congressional access to agency and presidential information, the interplay of the President’s constitutional powers under the Appointments Clause and of Congress’ legis-lative and advice and consent prerogatives, and the transparency in government provided for by the Freedom of Information Act. He was routinely called upon by Congressional offices to clarify the legal complexities arising out of the federal government’s relationship with Na-tive Americans. 
Following his many years of providing direct 
legal counsel to Congress as a legislative at-torney, Mr. Ehlke was promoted to serve as the head of CRS’ American Law Division. In this role, he guided the work of a generation of Division attorneys and paralegal assistants, instilling in them the rigorous, careful legal re-search and analytical skills that had always been the hallmark of his own work. He was in-strumental in establishing the Division’s Law Recruit Program in 1988, which has attracted new hires, contributing to a vibrant and di-verse workforce of legislative attorneys. 
Following his tenure as head of the Amer-
ican Law Division, a succession of CRS Direc-tors called upon Mr. Ehlke for his sage advice and leadership skills in the service of Con-gress in a number of critical roles. His accom-plishments during this part of his career were significant. Mr. Ehlke played a leading role in the development of a new performance as-sessment system for CRS. He also advised the Director on the establishment of the posi-tion of Section Research Manager (SRM) (first-line supervisors) in the Service and as-sisted with the recruitment, hiring, orientation, and performance expectations of the initial co-hort of these SRMs. Additionally he oversaw a complete redesign of the CRS website and served as a member of the website govern-ance board to streamline services for our Con-gressional offices. Given his long-term interest in ensuring CRS’ objective of providing the best service to Congress, Mr. Ehlke assisted with the Congressionally mandated CRS cus-tomer satisfaction survey. And as the Senior Advisor to the Director and as a Senior Spe-cialist, he advised on significant legal issues relating to ethics, media policy, CRS relations with the Library of Congress, speech or de-bate privilege, CRS reorganizations, and per-sonnel actions. 
Whatever his role, the result has always 
been the same—a highly competent, skillful performance for the benefit of Congress, its Members, and staff. CRS has been fortunate 
to have had such a person of high intellect dedicated to the institution’s mission of pro-viding objective, authoritative service to Con-gress in an unfailing patient and courteous manner for over forty years. We wish him the very best in his retirement, and thank him for his exceptional record of service to CRS and to the Congress of the United States. PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. PETER A. DeFAZIO 
OF OREGON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, June 10, 2015 
Mr. D EFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, on Tuesday, 
June 9, 2015, I missed several roll call votes due to undergoing a medical procedure in Or-egon. Had I been present, I would have cast the following votes: 
Roll Call vote 309, On Passage of H.R. 
2289, the Commodity End-User Relief Act, I would have voted Nay. 
Roll Call vote 310, On Agreeing to the 
Blackburn Amendment to H.R. 2577, I would have voted Nay. 
Roll Call vote 311, On Agreeing to the 
Gosar #1 Amendment to H.R. 2577, I would have voted Nay. 
Roll Call 312, On Agreeing to Gosar #2 
Amendment to H.R. 2577, I would have voted Nay. 
Roll Call 313, On Agreeing to Posey #1 
Amendment, I would have voted Nay. 
Roll Call 314, On Agreeing to Sessions #1 
Amendment, I would have voted Nay. 
Roll Call 315, On Agreeing to Sessions #2 
Amendment, I would have voted Nay. 
Roll Call 317, On Agreeing to Posey #2 
Amendment, I would have voted Nay. 
Roll Call 318, On Agreeing to Posey #3 
Amendment, I would have voted Nay. 
Roll Call 319, On Agreeing to Yoho Amend-
ment to H.R. 2577, I would have voted Yes. 
Roll Call 320, On Agreeing to Brooks 
Amendment to H.R. 2577, I would have voted Yes. 
Roll Call 321, On Agreeing to Hultgren 
Amendment to H.R. 2577, I would have voted Nay. 
Roll Call 322, On Agreeing to Meehan 
Amendment to H.R. 2577, I would have voted Nay. 
Roll Call 323, On Agreeing to Garrett 
Amendment to H.R. 2577, I would have voted Nay. 
Roll Call 324, On Agreeing to Ellison 
Amendment to H.R. 2577, I would have voted Aye. 
Roll Call 325, On Agreeing to Emmer 
Amendment to H.R. 2577, I would have voted Nay. 
Roll Call Vote 326, On Agreeing to Peters 
Amendment, I would have voted Aye. 
Roll Call Vote 327, On Agreeing to Issa 
Amendment to H.R. 2577, I would have voted Nay. 
Roll Call 328, On Motion to Recommit with 
Instructions to H.R. 2577, I would have voted Aye. 
Roll Call 329, On Passage of H.R. 2577 
would have voted Nay. 
f 
IN REMEMBRANCE OF BEAU BIDEN 
HON. CHRIS VAN HOLLEN 
OF MARYLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, June 10, 2015 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise in re-
membrance of a friend, a public servant, and a good man—Beau Biden. I joined the Biden family last weekend to mourn his loss, which is felt by all who knew him, and celebrate his life, which has left an indelible impact. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:27 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A10JN8.019 E10JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E873 June 10, 2015 
Beau was a gifted lawyer who was twice 
elected attorney general in the state of Dela-ware and served his country in the National Guard in Iraq. But more than that, he was a devoted son, a loving husband, and a caring father. 
J
OEand his boys lived through great per-
sonal tragedy with the loss of his wife, Neilia, and daughter, Naomi. They have an unbreak-able bond. And they, along with the rest of the family, have found the greatest joy in spending time together. No one who has come in con-tact with the Biden family can miss the deep love and devotion they have for one another. 
I had the privilege of getting to know Beau 
better during the Obama-Biden reelection campaign. We were together on several occa-sions, including in the immediate aftermath of the Biden-Ryan debate. A very proud son was beaming about his dad’s stellar performance. In that moment, you could see Beau’s com-petitive spirit fuse with his devotion to his dad. 
I extend my deepest sympathies to my 
friends J
OEand Jill, to Beau’s wife, Hallie, and 
their two children, his siblings, Hunter and Ashley, and the entire Biden family. I hope that they can take comfort in the love they share and the knowledge that they do not walk alone in their grief. We have lost Beau far too soon, but his memory lives on until we meet again. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF DR. PENNY 
REDDELL 
HON. MICHAEL C. BURGESS 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, June 10, 2015 
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor Dr. Penny Reddell upon her retirement after 38 years of exemplary public service. She earned her first of many degrees at Ste-phen F. Austin State University in Nacogdoches. From there, she went onto the University of Texas at Tyler to obtain her mas-ter’s degree before finally earning her doc-torate from Baylor University. 
Dr. Reddell began her education career as 
a teacher and has capably served in multiple capacities including diagnostician, assistant principal, principal, gifted and talented pro-gram consultant, and adjunct college pro-fessor. She is retiring from Lewisville ISD as the Associate Superintendent for Learning and Teaching, a position she has held for the last six years. Her areas of responsibilities have included: Strategic Design implementation, Curriculum and Instruction, Special Education, Early Childhood, Literacy Intervention, Pro-gram Evaluation, District Grant Writing, Gifted and Talented, Advanced Academics, Assess-ment and Accountability and Federal Pro-grams, ESL, Dual Language, Bilingual, and World Languages. Dr. Reddell’s leadership has had a positive and profound impact on all the programs that she has overseen. 
As Dr. Reddell retires, her commitment and 
hard work on behalf of the students and fac-ulty of Lewisville ISD will be greatly missed. After almost four decades as an educator and administrator, Dr. Reddell retires as a profes-sional beloved by her colleagues and leaves an indelible mark to be emulated. It is a privi-lege to honor such an esteemed constituent in the U.S. House of Representatives. HONORING ANDREW M
CLEAN 
HON. SAM GRAVES 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, June 10, 2015 
Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I 
proudly pause to recognize Andrew McLean. Andrew is a very special young man who has exemplified the finest qualities of citizenship and leadership by taking an active part in the Boy Scouts of America, Troop 362, and earn-ing the most prestigious award of Eagle Scout. 
Andrew has been very active with his troop, 
participating in many scout activities. Over the many years Andrew has been involved with scouting, he has not only earned numerous merit badges, but also the respect of his fam-ily, peers, and community. Most notably, An-drew has earned the rank of Warrior in the Tribe of Mic-O-Say and became a Brother-hood Member in the Order of the Arrow. An-drew has also contributed to his community through his Eagle Scout project. Andrew com-pleted a garden around a statue of Mary at Little Sisters of the Poor, an elder care facility in Kansas City, Missouri. 
Mr. Speaker, I proudly ask you to join me in 
commending Andrew McLean for his accom-plishments with the Boy Scouts of America and for his efforts put forth in achieving the highest distinction of Eagle Scout. 
f 
RECOGNIZING CHABAD JEWISH 
COMMUNITY CENTER OF PLACER COUNTY 
HON. TOM McCLINTOCK 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, June 10, 2015 
Mr. M CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to congratulate the Chabad Jewish Community Center of Placer County on the momentous occasion of completing its Community Torah. 
Led by Rabbi Yossi Korik, Chabad Jewish 
Community Center opened in 2005 to educate and support the local Jewish community and inspire people from all walks of life. 
As part of this effort, the Chabad of Placer 
County commissioned a professional scribe in Israel to write a Torah scroll in the traditional method, which dates back thousands of years. 
The Torah contains the Five Books of 
Moses and is the most precious article in Jew-ish life. Its guidance provides a strong founda-tion for morals in today’s global society. 
In October of 2014, members of the Jewish 
community gathered with rabbis and public leaders in Placer County to witness the first letters of the Torah being inscribed. This weekend, many months after the project’s in-ception, the same community will once again gather—this time to celebrate the scroll’s com-pletion. 
This tremendous accomplishment will be 
celebrated on Sunday, June 14, 2015, with a festive parade. The Torah will travel down Douglas Boulevard under a Chuppah, led by a local marching band. 
Mr. Speaker, George Washington stated in 
his Farewell Address: ‘‘of all the dispositions and habits which lead to political prosperity, religion and morality are indispensable sup-ports.’’ We are fortunate to have the Chabad Jewish Community Center as a pillar of reli-
gious and moral teachings in the Fourth Con-gressional District of California, and I am hon-ored to share in this occasion. 
I thank members of Chabad for their contin-
ued positive impact on the Placer County community, and I am proud to stand with them in celebration. 
f 
RECOGNIZING LISA PURCELL FOR 
HER OUTSTANDING COMMIT-MENT TO THE BUFFALO COMMU-NITY 
HON. BRIAN HIGGINS 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, June 10, 2015 
Mr. HIGGINS. Mr. Speaker, I stand before 
you today to recognize and honor Mrs. Lisa Purcell for her work in the Buffalo community. Mrs. Purcell has dedicated her time to aiding various charity organizations in the Buffalo area. 
As the founder of the Ryan Purcell Founda-
tion, Mrs. Purcell has organized the annual Purcell Memorial 5K race. The Foundation is dedicated to her son Ryan Purcell who was killed in a hit and run accident in October of 2011. The Foundation is committed to hon-oring the life and memory of Ryan Purcell and raises funds to give to scholarships to high school students in the Buffalo area. 
Mrs. Purcell has also been a large supporter 
of the Mount Mercy Academy 5K race as well as their scholarship program. Mount Mercy Academy has been educating the young women of Western New York for over 110 years. Their Alumnae have grown to over 10,000 members, 70% of whom still live and work in Western New York. Mrs. Purcell is married to Dr. Peter Purcell D.D.S. and has five children as well as three grandchildren. 
Mr. Speaker, thank you for allowing me a 
few moments to honor and recognize Mrs. Lisa Purcell. I ask that my colleagues join me in congratulating Mrs. Purcell on an accom-plished history of giving to charitable organiza-tions, and to commend her for the exemplary work she has done to enrich the communities of Western New York. 
f 
CONNECTING HOUSTON AND 
TAIPEI 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, June 10, 2015 
Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
celebrate a new connection between Taipei, Taiwan and Houston, Texas. Beginning on June 19th, 2015 a new direct flight will con-nect these cities and allow Houstonians to travel to Taiwan and Asia more easily. This new opportunity will also promote business and tourism, which means economic benefits for both Texas and Taiwan. 
The United States and Taiwan already enjoy 
a robust economic partnership. Taiwan is our 10th largest trading partner. Our bilateral trade amounts to more than $67 billion in 2014. I am confident this important relationship will continue to thrive and will continue to support our close friend and ally. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:27 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JN8.023 E10JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E874 June 10, 2015 
REUNIFICATION OF CYPRUS 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, June 10, 2015 
Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, Cyprus has 
made great strides in the past decade. It turns out that, just like the United States, Cyprus has a lot of natural gas. Let’s hope they don’t have as much bureaucracy to get through to export their gas as we do. But the country is held back because it is still divided by a for-eign power. Turkey still has 30,000 troops in Cyprus. Erdogan thinks he is still in control. The beauty of democratic elections is that you can see what the people really want. 
And faced with the choice between a can-
didate that wanted to keep Cyprus divided and one that wanted to reunify Cyprus, Turkish Cypriots chose reunification. 
It is encouraging to hear that negotiations 
between Greek Cypriots and Turkish Cypriots are getting back on track. You know, I was a judge in my former life. I dealt a lot with one word: justice. And as a judge I would never have allowed the kind of bullying that is seen by Turkey. The Turkish Cypriots should be able to negotiate on their own behalf. If they want peace, they should be able to get it. They don’t need another foreign country like Turkey telling them what they can and cannot agree to. They do not want to be dependent on Turkey. They want to enjoy the economic freedom of the EU. 
Reunification will require a lot of work, but 
ultimately it will only happen if the two sides talk to each other. This time next year I hope we can come together to celebrate the reunifi-cation of Cyprus and the end of over 40 years of Turkish occupation. 
And that’s just the way it is. 
f 
H.R. 1493, THE PROTECT AND PRE-
SERVE INTERNATIONAL CUL-TURAL PROPERTY ACT 
HON. DARRELL E. ISSA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, June 10, 2015 
Mr. ISSA. Mr. Speaker, I rise to submit the 
thoughts of my friend, Matthew Polk, regarding the consideration of H.R. 1493, the Protect and Preserve International Cultural Property Act. Matthew Polk is deeply involved in the preservation of cultural heritage and I believe his comments are both insightful and valuable to the ongoing effort to preserve the cultural heritage of civilizations around the world. 
Mr. Speaker, I first wish to thank Con-
gressman Issa for his interest in this matter and the opportunity to provide a statement for the Congressional Record. 
With regard to H.R. 1493, I applaud this bi-
partisan effort to protect Syrian cultural property as well as to coordinate our Gov-ernment’s enforcement efforts to protect international cultural property. I also ap-plaud Mr. Chabot’s and Mr. Engel’s under-standing that this bill is not meant to target the lawful trade in Syrian or other cultural goods and that it only authorizes import re-strictions on artifacts illegally removed from Syria after the start of its civil war. Nonetheless, it must be emphasized that the burden remains on the Government to prove 
that the artifact in question is illicit. While protecting Syrian cultural artifacts from looting is important, it is also important that we stay true to our own values. Our tra-dition of due process requires that the Gov-ernment meet its burden of proof before pri-vate property may be seized or forfeited. This legislation does not change the burden placed on the Government under the Conven-tion on Cultural Property Implementation Act. Here, as under the CPIA, the Govern-ment must establish: (1) the item is of a type that appears on the designated list of Syrian artifacts that will be created; (2) the item was ‘‘first discovered’’ in Syria and is subject to Syrian export control; and (3) the item was illegally removed from Syria after the effective date of the restrictions, which in this case is March 15, 2011. The fact that an object’s ‘‘country of origin’’ or manufacture may be ‘‘Syria’’ cannot constitute the sole basis for its seizure and forfeiture under ei-ther this legislation or the CPIA. 
Sincerely, 
M
ATTHEW S. P OLK, Jr., 
Board Member—The 
Committee for Cul-tural Property, Former Trustee—The Baltimore Museum of Art, Member—The Museum Trustees Association, Mem-ber—The Walters Art Museum Collec-tions Committee, President—Historic Textile Research Foundation. 
f 
RECOGNIZING SOUTH KOREAN 
PRESIDENT PARK GEUN-HYE AND U.S.-KOREAN ALLIANCE 
HON. CHARLES B. RANGEL 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, June 10, 2015 
Mr. RANGEL. Mr. Speaker, I am disheart-
ened to hear that South Korean President Park Geun-Hye’s visit to Washington, D.C. was postponed due to the growing threat of the Middle East Respiratory Syndrome coronavirus (MERS) outbreak in the Republic of Korea. I know this is a very difficult time for the South Korean people and would like to send my deepest sympathy to the victims of this deadly virus. I express my utmost con-fidence in President Park’s ability to lead the people of her beautiful country out of this cri-sis. 
As always, the success and future of the 
Peninsula remain a priority for me. As a Ko-rean War veteran, I have a very personal tie to Korea and its people. Since returning home from my service in the Korean War over six decades ago, I have proudly witnessed South Korea’s rise as a war-torn nation to becoming an international giant, which is a testament to the resilience and industriousness of the Ko-rean people. All across America, Koreans have inspired us with their entrepreneurialism and perseverance toward strengthening the fabric of our nation. 
I commend President Park and Ambassador 
Ahn Ho-Young for further strengthening U.S.- Korean ties. As you know, the relationship be-tween our country and the Republic of Korea is deeply rooted in our unbreakable bloodshed alliance. As we celebrate the 70th anniversary 
of the liberation of Korea from Imperial Japan, I will continue working to help promote peace and stability on the Korean Peninsula—in hopes that the two Koreas will be reunified in my lifetime. 
f 
RETIREMENT OF DR. JAMES 
HADLEY BILLINGTON 
HON. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, June 10, 2015 
Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the ex-traordinary leadership of Dr. James Hadley Billington, the 13th Librarian of Congress and renowned scholar of Russia. Following 28 years of tireless service, Dr. Billington an-nounced that he will be retiring from his post as the Librarian of Congress. During his ten-ure, Dr. Billington made significant contribu-tions by providing visionary leadership as he ushered the Library of Congress into the dig-ital age. 
Since being unanimously confirmed by the 
Senate in 1987, Dr. Billington has overseen the expansion of the Library’s collection size. It has roughly doubled, from 85.5 million items in 1987 to more than 160 million items today. Dr. Billington dedicated much of his efforts to ensuring that our nations historic items and collections be made readily available to the American public. In his early years, at the dawn of the internet age, he worked to facili-tate an innovative program for the Library of Congress known as the National Digital Li-brary (NDL) Program, which ensured that American historical and cultural information was available online. As a result of his efforts, projects such as the NDL, Congress.gov, and numerous pieces of information from the U.S. Copyright Office have become frequently used in K–12 education systems across America. 
In addition to efforts ensuring the spread of 
the richly diverse history of the United States, Dr. Billington is also responsible for the devel-opment of the World Digital Library. A project similar to the NDL, the World Digital Library compiles cultural materials from the 193 coun-tries listed in the UNESCO into one database for public access. I can say without question that throughout his decades of service, Dr. Billington has been firmly dedicated to the spread of information. 
Dr. Billington has been an outstanding lead-
er and educator to both our nation and the world. I wish him the best of luck in his future endeavors. I have no doubt that his contribu-tions to our global society will have a signifi-cant impact on scholastic achievement for generations to come. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join 
me in paying tribute to the service and sac-rifice of Dr. James Hadley Billington. 
f 
COBDEN HIGH SCHOOL CAPTURES 
STATE BASEBALL TITLE 
HON. MIKE BOST 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, June 10, 2015 
Mr. BOST. Mr. Speaker, congratulations to 
Cobden High School for capturing the Illinois 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:27 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A10JN8.025 E10JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E875 June 10, 2015 
Class 1A state baseball title. The 
Appleknockers defeated Okawville Rockets 9 to 3 in Peoria. 
Cobden made its third state tournament ap-
pearance and first since 1987, when it lost 12–1 in five innings to Columbia in the state title game. 
f 
CHRISTIAN PASTOR DUONG KIM 
KHAI JAILED IN VIETNAM 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, June 10, 2015 
Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, since the 
early 1990’s, Pastor Duong Kim Khai has been detained or arrested thirteen times. The first time he was arrested he was just 14 years old. Usually, he is arrested for simply or-ganizing Christian prayer sessions. Most re-cently, he was arrested in August 2010 for his efforts to advocate for religious freedom and social justice. The trumped up charge? At-tempting to overthrow the government. 
For this, he was sentenced to 2–8 years in 
prison and 3–5 years probation and house ar-rest. 
Unfortunately, his wife, who was denied per-
mission to visit him in prison, died before she could see him again. In 2011, the UN Working Group on Arbitrary Detention ruled that the Vietnam government’s detention and convic-tion of Pastor Duong Kim Khai and six other activists were in violation of international law. 
But the State Department refuses to include 
Vietnam as a Country of Particular Concern for religious freedom. The Pastor is not only a spiritual leader in his community but he also works to promote democracy and help victims of injustice. For example, he has served as an advocate for Vietnamese farmers whose land was confiscated by the government. 
Pastor Duong Kim Khai’s trial was a sham 
and imprisonment is unacceptable. Freedom to worship is a human right and the Viet-namese government should immediately re-lease him. Until they do, the State Department should call it like it is and recognize Vietnam as a Country of Particular Concern. 
And that’s just the way it is. 
f 
IN HONOR OF LARNELL SAWYER 
HON. PAUL A. GOSAR 
OF ARIZONA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, June 10, 2015 
Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor one of my constituents, Larnell Sawyer, of Chino Valley, Arizona. 
Larnell Sawyer recently received the Teach-
er of the Year award for outstanding work as a teacher at Lincoln Elementary. Lincoln is recognized as a haven for academic achieve-ment and growth. Ms. Sawyer has played a crucial role in creating this reputation. 
Larnell Sawyer has deep ties to Chino Val-
ley. She grew up and attended school there from kindergarten through high school. She then moved to Tucson and attended the Uni-versity of Arizona, where she received her 
Bachelor’s Degree in Elementary Education. After teaching 1st grade for a year in Tucson, she got married to her high school sweetheart and moved back to Prescott. After her own ini-tial academic successes, Larnell was hired in Chino Valley to teach an English Language Development kindergarten class, which she taught for two years. Realizing that she want-ed to expand her knowledge, Larnell started her Master’s program at Northern Arizona Uni-versity and received her advanced degree in Early Childhood Education. Afterwards, she continued to teach in Chino Valley for another two years and was ultimately hired at Lincoln Elementary in 2012, where she continues to roar with pride as a Lincoln Lion kindergarten teacher. When the dedicated Ms. Sawyer is not shaping the minds of her students, she is spending quality time with her husband and two daughters. 
Ms. Sawyer is a prime example of a great 
educator, and the positive influence that she has on her students will resonate for years to come. 
f 
SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS 
Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, 
agreed to by the Senate of February 4, 1977, calls for establishment of a sys-tem for a computerized schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate com-mittees, subcommittees, joint commit-tees, and committees of conference. This title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate Daily Digest—designated by the Rules Com-mittee—of the time, place and purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or changes in the meetings as they occur. 
As an additional procedure along 
with the computerization of this infor-mation, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD  
on Monday and Wednesday of each week. 
Meetings scheduled for Thursday, 
June 11, 2015 may be found in the Daily Digest of today’s R
ECORD . 
MEETINGS SCHEDULED 
JUNE 15 
5 p.m. 
Committee on Foreign Relations 
To receive a closed briefing on lifting 
sanctions on Iran, focusing on practical implications. 
S–116 
JUNE 16 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Energy and Natural Re-
sources 
To hold hearings to examine the nomina-
tions of Jonathan Elkind, of Maryland, 
to be an Assistant Secretary of Energy (International Affairs), and Monica C. Regalbuto, of Illinois, to be an Assist-ant Secretary of Energy (Environ-mental Management). 
SD–366 
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, 
and Pensions 
To hold hearings to examine health in-
formation technology, focusing on what providers and the Department of 
Health and Human Services can do to improve electronic health record user experience. 
SD–430 
Committee on Homeland Security and 
Governmental Affairs 
To hold hearings to examine Federal real 
property reform, focusing on how cut-ting red tape and better management could achieve billions in savings. 
SD–342 
10:30 a.m. 
Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Department of Home-
land Security 
Business meeting to markup an original 
bill entitled, ‘‘Fiscal Year 2016 Home-land Security Appropriations Bill.’’ 
SD–138 
2:30 p.m. 
Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Department of the Inte-
rior, Environment, and Related Agen-cies 
Business meeting to markup an original 
bill entitled, ‘‘Fiscal Year 2016 Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies Appropriations.’’ 
SD–124 
JUNE 17 
9:30 a.m. 
Committee on Environment and Public 
Works 
To hold an oversight hearing to examine 
the Environmental Protection Agen-cy’s final rule to regulate disposal of coal combustion residuals from electric utilities. 
SD–406 
10 a.m. 
Committee on the Budget 
To hold hearings to examine CBO’s anal-
ysis of the Federal government’s deep-ening fiscal challenges. 
SD–608 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and 
Transportation 
Subcommittee on Consumer Protection, 
Product Safety, Insurance, and Data Security 
To hold an oversight hearing to examine 
the Consumer Product Safety Commis-sion. 
SR–253 
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, 
and Pensions 
To hold hearings to examine reauthor-
izing the Higher Education Act, focus-ing on evaluating accreditation’s role in ensuring quality. 
SD–430 
Committee on Homeland Security and 
Governmental Affairs 
To hold hearings to examine governing 
through goal setting, focusing on en-hancing the economic and national se-curity of America. 
SD–342 
Joint Economic Committee 
To hold hearings to examine the eco-
nomic exposure of Federal credit pro-grams. 
SH–216 
2 p.m. 
Committee on Homeland Security and 
Governmental Affairs 
To hold hearings to examine the nomina-
tion of Carol Fortine Ochoa, of Vir-ginia, to be Inspector General, General Services Administration. 
SD–342 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:27 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JN8.029 E10JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E876 June 10, 2015 
JUNE 18 
9:30 a.m. 
Committee on Homeland Security and 
Governmental Affairs 
Subcommittee on Regulatory Affairs and 
Federal Management 
To hold hearings to examine the EPA’s 
management of the renewable fuel standard program. 
SD–342 JUNE 24 
2:15 p.m. 
Committee on Indian Affairs 
To hold an oversight hearing to examine 
demanding results to end Native youth suicides. 
SD–628 JULY 9 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Energy and Natural Re-
sources 
To hold hearings to examine the back- 
end of the nuclear fuel cycle and re-lated legislation, including S. 854, to establish a new organization to manage nuclear waste, provide a consensual process for siting nuclear waste facili-ties, ensure adequate funding for man-aging nuclear waste. 
SD–366 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:27 Jun 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\M10JN8.000 E10JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D676 Wednesday, June 10, 2015 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S3977–S4062 
Measures Introduced: Sixteen bills and one resolu-
tion were introduced, as follows: S. 1535–1550, and S. Res. 198.
                                                          Pages S4021–22 
Measures Reported: 
Special Report entitled ‘‘Revised Allocation to 
Subcommittees of Budget Totals from the Concur-rent Resolution for Fiscal Year 2016’’. (S. Rept. No. 114–61) 
S. 552, to amend the Small Business Investment 
Act of 1958 to provide for increased limitations on leverage for multiple licenses under common control, with an amendment. 
S. 957, to increase access to capital for veteran en-
trepreneurs to help create jobs. 
S. 958, to amend the Small Business Act to pro-
vide for team and joint venture offers for certain contracts, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. 
S. 966, to extend the low-interest refinancing pro-
visions under the Local Development Business Loan Program of the Small Business Administration, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. 
S. 967, to require the Small Business Administra-
tion to make information relating to lenders making covered loans publicly available, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. 
S. 999, to amend the Small Business Act to pro-
vide for improvements to small business develop-ment centers, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. 
S. 1000, to strengthen resources for entrepreneurs 
by improving the SCORE program, with an amend-ment in the nature of a substitute. 
S. 1001, to establish authorization levels for gen-
eral business loans for fiscal years 2015 and 2016. 
S. 1292, to amend the Small Business Act to treat 
certain qualified disaster areas as HUBZones and to extend the period for HUBZone treatment for cer-tain base closure areas. 
S. 1470, to amend the Small Business Act to pro-
vide additional assistance to small business concerns for disaster recovery, with an amendment in the na-
ture of a substitute.
                                          Pages S4020–21 
Measures Passed: 
Federal Communications Commission Consoli-
dated Reporting Act: Senate passed S. 253, to 
amend the Communications Act of 1934 to consoli-date the reporting obligations of the Federal Com-munications Commission in order to improve con-gressional oversight and reduce reporting burdens, after agreeing to the committee amendment in the nature of a substitute.
                                     Pages S4059–61 
150th Anniversary of the ‘‘Second Founding’’: 
Senate agreed to S. Res. 198, commemorating the 150th anniversaries of the ratification of the 13th, 14th, and 15th Amendments to the Constitution of the United States, often referred to as the ‘‘Second Founding’’ of the United States.
                        Page S4061 
Measures Considered: 
National Defense Authorization Act—Agree-
ment: Senate continued consideration of H.R. 1735, 
to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, taking action on the following amendments proposed thereto: 
                                                                             Pages S3986–S4017 
Withdrawn: Ayotte (for Kirk) Amendment No. 1986 (to the 
language proposed to be stricken by Amendment No. 1463), to reauthorize and reform the Export-Im-port Bank of the United States. (By 31 yeas to 65 nays (Vote No. 206), Senate earlier failed to table the amendment.)
                                                Pages S4012–16 
Pending: McCain Amendment No. 1463, in the nature of 
a substitute.
                                                                  Page S3986 
McCain Amendment No. 1456 (to Amendment 
No. 1463), to require additional information sup-porting long-range plans for construction of naval vessels.
                                                                             Page S3986 
Cornyn Amendment No. 1486 (to Amendment 
No. 1463), to require reporting on energy security issues involving Europe and the Russian Federation, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 15:12 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\RECORD15\JUN 15\D10JN5.REC D10JN5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D677 
and to express the sense of Congress regarding ways 
the United States could help vulnerable allies and partners with energy security.
                             Page S3986 
Vitter Amendment No. 1473 (to Amendment No. 
1463), to limit the retirement of Army combat units.
                                                                                Page S3986 
Markey Amendment No. 1645 (to Amendment 
No. 1463), to express the sense of Congress that ex-ports of crude oil to United States allies and partners should not be determined to be consistent with the national interest if those exports would increase en-ergy prices in the United States for American con-sumers or businesses or increase the reliance of the United States on imported oil.
                           Page S3986 
Reed (for Blumenthal) Amendment No. 1564 (to 
Amendment No. 1463), to increase civil penalties for violations of the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act. 
                                                                                            Page S3986 
McCain (for Paul) Modified Amendment No. 
1543 (to Amendment No. 1463), to strengthen em-ployee cost savings suggestions programs within the Federal Government.
                                                Page S3986 
Reed (for Durbin) Modified Amendment No. 
1559 (to Amendment No. 1463), to prohibit the award of Department of Defense contracts to in-verted domestic corporations.
                              Page S3986 
McCain (for Burr) Modified Amendment No. 
1569 (to Amendment No. 1463), to improve cyber-security in the United States through enhanced shar-ing of information about cybersecurity threats. 
                                                                      Pages S3986, S3987–92 
Feinstein (for McCain) Amendment No. 1889 (to 
Amendment No. 1463), to reaffirm the prohibition on torture.
                                                                     Page S3986 
Fischer/Booker Amendment No. 1825 (to Amend-
ment No. 1463), to authorize appropriations for na-tional security aspects of the Merchant Marine for fiscal years 2016 and 2017.
                                  Page S3986 
A motion was entered to close further debate on 
McCain (for Burr) Modified Amendment No. 1569 (to Amendment No. 1463) (listed above), and, in ac-cordance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, a vote on cloture will occur on Friday, June 12, 2015.
                        Page S4016 
During consideration of this measure today, the 
following action also occurred: 
Burr/McCain Amendment No. 1921 (to Amend-
ment No. 1569), to improve cybersecurity in the United States through enhanced sharing of informa-tion about cybersecurity threats, rendered moot due to its incorporation into the modification of McCain (for Burr) Amendment No. 1569 (to Amendment No. 1463) (listed above).
                       Pages S3986, S3992 A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-
viding for further consideration of bill at approxi-mately 11 a.m., on Thursday, June 11, 2015. 
                                                                                            Page S4061 
Message from the President: Senate received the 
following message from the President of the United States: 
Transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on the 
continuation of the national emergency that was originally declared in Executive Order 13405 of June 
16, 2006, with respect to Belarus; which was re-ferred to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. (PM–19)
                                         Page S4020 
Nominations Confirmed: Senate confirmed the fol-
lowing nominations: 
Eileen Maura Decker, of California, to be United 
States Attorney for the Central District of California for the term of four years.
                      Pages S4059, S4062 
John W. Huber, of Utah, to be United States At-
torney for the District of Utah for the term of four years.
                                                                 Pages S4059, S4062 
Eric Steven Miller, of Vermont, to be United 
States Attorney for the District of Vermont for the term of four years.
                                     Pages S4059, S4062 
Nominations Received: Senate received the fol-
lowing nominations: 
Carolyn Patricia Alsup, of Florida, to be Ambas-
sador to the Republic of The Gambia. 
Paul Wayne Jones, of Maryland, to be Ambas-
sador to the Republic of Poland. 
Daniel H. Rubinstein, of Virginia, to be Ambas-
sador to the Republic of Tunisia. 
1 Air Force nomination in the rank of general. A routine list in the Foreign Service. 
                                                                                    Pages S4061–62 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S4020 
Measures Referred:                                                 Page S4020 
Executive Reports of Committees:               Page S4021 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S4022–25 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S4025–33 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S4019–20 
Amendments Submitted:                           Pages S4033–58 
Authorities for Committees to Meet: 
                                                                                    Pages S4058–59 
Privileges of the Floor:                                        Page S4059 
Record Votes: One record vote was taken today. 
(Total—206)                                                                 Page S4016 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 9:30 a.m. and 
adjourned at 6:16 p.m., until 10 a.m. on Thursday, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 15:12 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\RECORD15\JUN 15\D10JN5.REC D10JN5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D678 June 10, 2015 
June 11, 2015. (For Senate’s program, see the re-
marks of the Acting Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S4061.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
BUSINESS MEETING 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Com-
merce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies ap-proved for full committee consideration an original bill entitled, ‘‘Commerce, Justice, Science, and Re-lated Agencies Appropriations Act, 2016’’. 
PASSENGER RAIL SAFETY 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: 
Committee concluded a hearing to examine pas-senger rail safety, focusing on accident prevention and on-going efforts to implement train control technology, after receiving testimony from Robert C. Lauby, Associate Administrator for Railroad Safety and Chief Safety Officer, Federal Railroad Adminis-tration, Department of Transportation; Charles Ma-thias, Associate Chief, Wireless Telecommunications Bureau, Federal Communications Commission; T. Bella Dinh-Zarr, Vice Chairman, National Transpor-tation Safety Board; and DJ Stadtler, Amtrak, Wash-ington, D.C. 
PENDING LEGISLATION 
Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: Sub-
committee on National Parks concluded a hearing to examine S. 145, to require the Director of the Na-tional Park Service to refund to States all State funds that were used to reopen and temporarily operate a unit of the National Park System during the Octo-ber 2013 shutdown, S. 146, to authorize the Sec-retary of the Interior or the Secretary of Agriculture to enter into agreements with States and political subdivisions of States providing for the continued operation, in whole or in part, of public land, units of the National Park System, units of the National Wildlife Refuge System, and units of the National Forest System in the State during any period in which the Secretary of the Interior or the Secretary 
of Agriculture is unable to maintain normal level of operations at the units due to a lapse in appropria-tions, S. 319, to designate a mountain in the State of Alaska as Mount Denali, S. 329, to amend the Wild and Scenic Rivers Act to designate certain seg-ments of the Farmington River and Salmon Brook in the State of Connecticut as components of the Na-tional Wild and Scenic Rivers System, S. 403, to re-vise the authorized route of the North Country Na-tional Scenic Trail in northeastern Minnesota and to extend the trail into Vermont to connect with the Appalachian National Scenic Trail, S. 521, to au-
thorize the Secretary of the Interior to conduct a spe-cial resource study of President Station in Baltimore, Maryland, S. 610, to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to conduct a special resource study of P.S. 103 in West Baltimore, Maryland and for other pur-poses, S. 782, to direct the Secretary of the Interior to establish a bison management plan for Grand Canyon National Park, S. 873, to designate the wil-derness within the Lake Clark National Park and Preserve in the State of Alaska as the Jay S. Ham-mond Wilderness Area, and S. 1483, to direct the Secretary of the Interior to study the suitability and feasibility of designating the James K. Polk Home in Columbia, Tennessee, as a unit of the National Park System, after receiving testimony from Senator Murphy; and Victor Knox, Associate Director, Park Planning, Facilities and Lands, National Park Serv-ice, Department of the Interior. 
BUSINESS MEETING 
Committee on Environment and Public Works: Com-
mittee ordered favorably reported S. 1140, to require the Secretary of the Army and the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency to propose a regulation revising the definition of the term ‘‘waters of the United States’’, with an amendment in the na-ture of a substitute. 
BUSINESS MEETING 
Committee on Finance: Committee ordered favorably 
reported the nomination of Anne Elizabeth Wall, of Illinois, to be a Deputy Under Secretary of the Treasury. 
VERIFICATION AND ASSESSMENT 
Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee received a 
closed briefing on verification and assessment, focus-ing on how to create a successful inspection regime from Joseph R. DeTrani, Intelligence and National Security Alliance, Washington, D.C., and Gary Samore, Belfer Center for Science and International Affairs, Cambridge, Massachusetts. 
NOMINATIONS 
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-
fairs: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the 
nominations of Peter V. Neffenger, of Ohio, to be an Assistant Secretary of Homeland Security, and David S. Shapira, of Pennsylvania, to be a Governor of the United States Postal Service, for a term expir-ing December 8, 2019, who was introduced by Sen-ators Casey and Toomey, after the nominees testified and answered questions in their own behalf. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 15:12 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\RECORD15\JUN 15\D10JN5.REC D10JN5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D679 
SPENDING IN THE FEDERAL GOVERNMENT 
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-
fairs: Subcommittee on Federal Spending Oversight 
and Emergency Management concluded a hearing to examine spending in the Federal government, focus-ing on an outside perspective, after receiving testi-mony from Romina Boccia, The Heritage Founda-tion Institute for Economic Freedom and Oppor-tunity, Chris Edwards, Cato Institute, Steve Ellis, Taxpayers for Common Sense, and Thomas A. Schatz, Citizens Against Government Waste, all of Washington, D.C.; and Donald F. Kettl, University of Maryland School of Public Policy, Annapolis. 
HEALTH INFORMATION EXCHANGE 
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: 
Committee concluded a hearing to examine health information exchange, focusing on a path towards improving the quality and value of health care for patients, after receiving testimony from Thomas H. Payne, University of Washington School of Medi-cine, Seattle, on behalf of the American Medical Informatics Association; Craig D. Richardville, Caro-linas HealthCare System, Charlotte, North Carolina, on behalf of the Premier Healthcare Alliance Mem-ber Technology Improvement Committee; Christine Bechtel, National Partnership for Women and Fami-lies, Olney, Maryland, on behalf of the Health IT Policy Committee Consumer Work Group; and Neal L. Patterson, Cerner Corporation, Kansas City, Mis-souri. 
BUSINESS MEETING 
Committee on Indian Affairs: Committee ordered favor-
ably reported S. 248, to clarify the rights of Indians and Indian tribes on Indian lands under the National Labor Relations Act. 
VICTIM SERVICES IN INDIAN COUNTRY 
OVERSIGHT 
Committee on Indian Affairs: Committee concluded an 
oversight hearing to examine addressing the need for victim services in Indian Country, after receiving tes-timony from Darren Cruzan, Director, Office of Jus-tice Services, Bureau of Indian Affairs, Department of the Interior; Gerad Godfrey, Office of the Gov-ernor of Alaska Rural Business and Intergovern-mental Affairs Senior Advisor, Anchorage; A.T. Stafne, Assiniboine and Sioux Tribes of the Fort 
Peck Reservation, Poplar, Montana; and Dianne Barker Harrold, Pawnee Nation of Oklahoma, Ft. Gibson. 
FEDERAL REGULATORY SYSTEM 
Committee on the Judiciary: Committee concluded a 
hearing to examine the Federal regulatory system to improve accountability, transparency and integrity, including S. 1178, to prohibit implementation of a proposed rule relating to the definition of the term ‘‘waters of the United States’’ under the Clean Water Act, or any substantially similar rule, until a Supple-mental Scientific Review Panel and Ephemeral and Intermittent Streams Advisory Committee produce certain reports, after receiving testimony from Wil-liam L. Kovacs, U.S. Chamber of Commerce, Robert Weissman, Public Citizen, Ellen Steen, American Farm Bureau Federation, and Charles J. Cooper, Coo-per and Kirk, PLLC, all of Washington, D.C.; and Patrick Parenteau, Vermont Law School Environ-mental and Natural Resources Law Clinic, South Royalton, Vermont. 
NOMINATIONS 
Committee on the Judiciary: Committee concluded a 
hearing to examine the nominations of Luis Felipe Restrepo, of Pennsylvania, to be United States Cir-cuit Judge for the Third Circuit, who was intro-duced by Senators Casey and Toomey, and Travis Randall McDonough, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Eastern District of Tennessee, and Wa-verly D. Crenshaw, Jr., to be United States District Judge for the Middle District of Tennessee, who were both introduced by Senators Alexander and Corker, after the nominees testified and answered questions in their own behalf. 
UNWANTED CALLS 
Special Committee on Aging: Committee concluded a 
hearing to examine the proliferation of unwanted calls, after receiving testimony from Lois Greisman, Associate Director, Division of Marketing Practices, Bureau of Consumer Protection, Federal Trade Com-mission; Joe Dandurand, Missouri Deputy Attorney General, Jefferson City; Henning Schulzrinne, Co-lumbia University, New York, New York; and Linda Blase, Dallas, Texas. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 15:12 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\RECORD15\JUN 15\D10JN5.REC D10JN5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D680 June 10, 2015 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 19 pub-
lic bills, H.R. 2709–2727; and 4 resolutions, H. Con. Res. 56; and H. Res. 306–308 were intro-duced.
                                                                      Pages H4135–36 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H4137–38 
Report Filed: A report was filed today as follows: 
H. Res. 305, providing for consideration of the 
Senate amendment to the bill (H.R. 1314) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determinations of tax-exempt status of certain orga-nizations, and providing for consideration of the Sen-ate amendments to the bill (H.R. 644) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently ex-tend and expand the charitable deduction for con-tributions of food inventory (H. Rept. 114–146). 
                                                                                            Page H4135 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he 
appointed Representative Jolly to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                                     Page H4007 
Recess: The House recessed at 11:11 a.m. and re-
convened at 12 noon.                                               Page H4015 
Guest Chaplain: The prayer was offered by the 
Guest Chaplain, Rabbi Claudio Kogan, Temple Emanuel, McAllen, Texas.
                                    Page H4015 
Journal: The House agreed to the Speaker’s approval 
of the Journal by a yea-and-nay vote of 256 yeas to 168 nays with two answering ‘‘present’’, Roll No. 332.
                                                             Pages H4015, H4031–32 
Committee Resignation: Read a letter from Rep-
resentative Palazzo wherein he resigned from the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. 
                                                                                            Page H4015 
Committee Elections: The House agreed to H. Res. 
304, electing Members to certain standing commit-tees of the House of Representatives.
              Page H4015 
Suspension—Proceedings Resumed: The House 
agreed to suspend the rules and agree to the fol-lowing measure which was debated on Tuesday, June 
9th: 
Supporting local law enforcement agencies in 
their continued work to serve our communities, and supporting their use of body worn cameras to promote transparency to protect both citizens and officers alike: H. Res. 295, supporting local law en-
forcement agencies in their continued work to serve our communities, and supporting their use of body worn cameras to promote transparency to protect both citizens and officers alike, by a 2/3 yea-and-nay 
vote of 421 yeas to 6 nays with one answering ‘‘present’’, Roll No. 331.
                               Pages H4030–31 
Authorizing the reprinting of the 25th edition of the pocket version of the United States Constitu-tion: The House agreed to discharge from committee 
and agree to H. Con. Res. 54, authorizing the re-printing of the 25th edition of the pocket version of the United States Constitution.
                         Page H4032 
Permitting official photographs of the House of Representatives to be taken while the House is in actual session on a date designated by the Speaker: The House agreed to discharge from com-
mittee and agree to H. Res. 292, permitting official photographs of the House of Representatives to be taken while the House is in actual session on a date designated by the Speaker.
                                   Page H4032 
Country of Origin Labeling Amendments Act of 2015: The House passed H.R. 2393, to amend the 
Agricultural Marketing Act of 1946 to repeal coun-try of origin labeling requirements with respect to beef, pork, and chicken, by a yea-and-nay vote of 300 yeas to 131 nays, Roll No. 333. 
                                                                      Pages H4032–39, H4105 
Pursuant to the Rule, the amendment in the na-
ture of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Agriculture now printed in the bill shall be con-sidered as adopted.
                                                    Page H4032 
H. Res. 303, the rule providing for consideration 
of the bills (H.R. 2685) and (H.R. 2393), was agreed to by a yea-and-nay vote of 244 yeas to 187 nays, Roll No. 330, after the previous question was ordered.
                                                                   Pages H4020–30 
Department of Defense Appropriations Act, 2016: The House began consideration of H.R. 2685, 
making appropriations for the Department of De-fense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016. Consideration is expected to resume tomorrow, June 11th.
                                             Pages H4020–30, H4040, H4105 
Agreed to: 
Gosar amendment that reduces funding for Oper-
ation and Maintenance, Defense-Wide, by $3,200,000 and increases funding for Operation and 
Maintenance, Army National Guard, by $2,000,000; 
                                                                                            Page H4060 
Pascrell amendment that redirects $5,500,000 in 
funding within Operation and Maintenance, De-fense-Wide;
                                                           Pages H4060–61 
Delaney amendment that reduces funding for Op-
eration and Maintenance, Defense-Wide, by $7,463,000 and increases funding for Fisher House Foundation, Inc. by $5,000,000;
               Pages H4061–62 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 15:12 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\RECORD15\JUN 15\D10JN5.REC D10JN5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D681 
Franks (AZ) amendment that redirects $2,000,000 
in funding within Operation and Maintenance, De-fense-Wide;
                                                                   Page H4062 
Nolan amendment that increases funding, by off-
set, for the research, development, test and evalua-tion activities of the Defense Health Program, by $1,000,000;
                                                          Pages H4062–63 
McKinley amendment that redirects $5,000,000 
in funding within Operation and Maintenance, De-fense-Wide;
                                                                   Page H4063 
Grayson amendment that increases funding, by 
offset, for the research, development, test and evalua-tion activities of the Defense Health Program related to Gulf War Illness, by $10,000,000;
            Page H4064 
Grayson amendment that increases funding, by 
offset, for prostate cancer research, by $10,000,000; 
                                                                                    Pages H4064–65 
Speier amendment that increases funding, by off-
set, for the research, development, test and evalua-tion activities of the Defense Health Program, by $5,000,000;
                                                                  Page H4065 
Takai amendment that redirects $25,000,000 in 
funding within Operation and Maintenance, De-fense-Wide;
                                                                   Page H4065 
Conyers amendment that reduces funding for Op-
eration and Maintenance, Defense-Wide, by $15,000,000 and increases funding for United Serv-ice Organizations by $10,000,000;
          Pages H4065–66 
Keating amendment that increases funding, by 
offset, for research, development, test and evaluation activities of the Defense Health Program, by $1,000,000;
                                                          Pages H4066–67 
Jackson Lee amendment that increases funding, by 
offset, for research, development, test and evaluation activities of the Defense Health Program related to PTSD, by $1,000,000;
                                   Pages H4067–68 
Jackson Lee amendment that increases funding, by 
offset, for breast cancer research, by $10,000,000; 
                                                                                    Pages H4073–75 
Pascrell amendment that increases funding, by off-
set, for research, development, test and evaluation ac-tivities of the Defense Health Program, by $25,000,000;
                                                       Pages H4075–76 
Aguilar amendment that redirects $1,000,000 in 
funding within research, development, test and eval-uation activities of the Defense Health Program for suicide prevention;
                                            Pages H4076–81 
McCollum amendment that redirects $80,000,000 
in funding within Operation and Maintenance, Army;
                                                                      Pages H4094–95 
Huffman amendment (No. 4 printed in the Con-
gressional Record of June 9, 2015) that strikes sec-tion 8053, relating to cost-effective agreements for required heating facility modernization in the Kaiserslautern Military Community (by a recorded 
vote of 252 ayes to 179 noes, Roll No. 335); 
                                                                Pages H4081–86, H4106–07 
Forbes amendment that strikes section 8122, 
which prohibits the transfer of funds to the National Sea Based Deterrent Fund (by a recorded vote of 321 ayes to 111 noes, Roll No. 339); 
                                                                Pages H4092–94, H4109–10 
Walberg amendment that prohibits funds from 
being used for the ‘‘Afghanistan Infrastructure Fund’’ (by a recorded vote of 233 ayes to 199 noes, Roll No. 341);
                                           Pages H4097–98, H4110–11 
MacArthur amendment (No. 5 printed in the 
Congressional Record of June 9, 2015) that prohibits the use of funds to divest or retire, or to prepare to divest or retire, KC–10 aircraft;
                        Page H4113 
Walberg amendment that prohibits the use of 
funds to promulgate Directive 293, issued December 16, 2010, by the Office of Federal Contract Compli-ance Programs;
                                                    Pages H4114–15 
McSally amendment that prohibits the use of 
funds to divest, retire, transfer, or place in storage or on backup aircraft inventory status, or prepare to divest, retire, transfer, or place in storage or on backup aircraft inventory status, any EC–130H air-craft;
                                                                         Pages H4117–18 
Hunter amendment that prohibits the use of 
funds in contravention of section 2483(b)(5) of title 10, United States Code;
                                         Page H4119 
Yoho amendment that prohibits the use of funds 
under the heading ‘‘Iraq Train and Equip Fund’’ to procure or transfer man-portable air defense systems; 
                                                                                            Page H4120 
Yoho amendment that prohibits the use of funds 
under section 9014 for ‘‘Assistance and Sustainment to the Military and National Security Forces of Ukraine to procure or transfer man-portable air de-fense systems;
                                                              Page H4120 
Conyers amendment that prohibits the use of 
funds to provide arms, training, or other assistance to the Azov Battalion;
                                            Page H4123 
Cole amendment that prohibits the use of funds 
to carry out furloughs of Working Capital Fund ci-vilian employees;
                                                        Page H4124 
Grayson amendment that prohibits the use of 
funds to enter into contracts with entities who are convicted of fraud;
                                            Pages H4124–25 
Gosar amendment that prohibits the use of funds 
for Government Travel Charge Card expenses by military or civilian personnel of the Department of Defense for gaming, or entertainment that includes topless or nude entertainers or participants; 
                                                                                            Page H4125 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 15:12 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\RECORD15\JUN 15\D10JN5.REC D10JN5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D682 June 10, 2015 
McClintock amendment that prohibits funds from 
being used to carry out specified sections of Execu-tive Order 13423, Executive Order 13514, and Ex-ecutive Order 13963; specified subsections of section 2911 of title 10, U.S.C.; sections 400AA or 400FF of the Energy Policy and Conservation Act; section 303 of the Energy Policy Act of 1992; and section 203 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005; 
                                                                                    Pages H4126–27 
Jackson Lee amendment that prohibits the use of 
funds in contravention of the authority of the Presi-dent pursuant to Article II, section 2 of the Con-stitution;
                                                                        Page H4129 
Guinta amendment that prohibits the use of funds 
to propose, plan for, or execute a new or additional Base Realignment and Closure (BRAC) round; 
                                                                                    Pages H4129–30 
Nugent amendment that prohibits the use of 
funds to retire conventionally armed air launch cruise missles (AGM–86 C/D); and
         Pages H4132–33 
Forbes amendment that provides that notwith-
standing section 8005 and 9003, of the unobligated funds authorized to be appropriated in FY 2016 and made available in this Act, $3,500,000,000 is avail-able to transfer to the National Sea-Based Deterrence Fund.
                                                                               Page H4133 
Rejected: 
Bridenstine amendment that sought to increase 
funding, by offset, for Research, Development, Test and Evaluation, Defense-Wide, by $25,000,000; 
                                                                                            Page H4072 
Rothfus amendment that sought to prohibit the 
use of funds to transfer or divest AH–64 Apache helicopters from the Army National Guard to the active Army prior to June 30, 2016 and to prohibit the allocation of funds for operation and maintenance and personnel connected with such aircraft (agreed by unanimous consent to withdraw the earlier re-quest for a recorded vote to the end that the amend-ment stand disposed of in accordance with the pre-vious voice vote thereon);
          Pages H4089–92, H4104–05 
Lowenthal amendment that sought to redirect 
$5,000,000 in funding within Operation and Main-tenance, Defense-Wide (by a recorded vote of 195 ayes to 237 noes, Roll No. 334);
                      Page H4106 
Visclosky amendment that sought to strike section 
8100, which prohibited the use of funds to transfer, release, or assist in the transfer or release to or with-in the United States, its territories, or possessions Khalid Sheikh Mohammed or other detainee (by a 
recorded vote of 174 ayes to 257 noes, Roll No. 336);
                                                           Pages H4086, H4107–08 
Nadler amendment that sought to strike section 
8101, which prohibited the use of funds on any modification of facilities at the United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba (by a recorded vote 
of 173 ayes to 259 noes, Roll No. 337); 
                                                                      Pages H4086–88, H4108 
Nadler amendment that sought to strike section 
8102, which prohibited the use of funds to transfer any individual detained at the United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, to the custody or control of the individual’s country of origin, any other foreign country (by a recorded vote of 181 ayes to 251 noes, Roll No. 338);
       Pages H408889, H4108–09 
Poe (TX) amendment that sought to reduce fund-
ing for Operation and Maintenance, Defense-Wide by $430,000,000 (by a recorded vote of 117 ayes to 315 noes, Roll No. 340);
                     Pages H4095–97,4110 
Nolan amendment that sought to eliminate fund-
ing for the Iraq Train and Equip fund and apply the $715,000,000 in savings to the spending reduction account (by a recorded vote of 56 ayes to 375 noes, Roll No. 342);
                          Pages H4098–H4100, H4111–12 
Clawson amendment that sought to eliminate 
funding for the Syria Train and Equip fund and apply the $600,000,000 in savings to the spending reduction account (by a recorded vote of 107 ayes to 323 noes, Roll No. 343);
                 Pages H4100–04, H4112 
Poe (TX) amendment that sought to strike sub-
section (b) of section 9015, relating to the waiver used by the Secretary of Defense with respect to the Government of Pakistan (by a recorded vote of 114 ayes to 318 noes, Roll No. 344); 
                                                                      Pages H4104, H4112–13 
Huizenga (MI) (No. 2 printed in the Congres-
sional Record of June 9, 2015) amendment that sought to prohibit the use of funds by the Defense Logistics Agency to implement the Small Business Administration interim final rule titled ‘‘Small Busi-ness Size Standards; Adoption of 2012 North Amer-ican Industry Classification System’’ with respect to the procurement of footwear (agreed by unanimous consent to withdraw the earlier voice vote in which the amendment stand adopted be vacated to the end that the amendment stand disposed of); 
                                                                Pages H4115–16, H4118–19 
Grayson amendment that sought to prohibit the 
use of funds to consult, as the term is used in ref-erence to the Department of Defense and the Na-tional Security Agency, in contravention of the assur-ance provided under the National Institute of Stand-ards and Technology Act; and
                    Pages H4126–26 
Rohrabacher amendment that sought to prohibit 
the use of funds to provide assistance to Pakistan. 
                                                                                            Page H4132 
Withdrawn: Jackson Lee amendment that was offered and sub-
sequently withdrawn that would have increased funding, by offset, for Military Personnel, Navy, by $2,000,000;
                                                          Pages H4057–59 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 15:12 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\RECORD15\JUN 15\D10JN5.REC D10JN5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D683 
Sablan amendment that was offered and subse-
quently withdrawn that would have increased fund-ing, by offset, for Environmental Restoration, For-merly Used Defense Sites, by $21,300,000; 
                                                                                    Pages H4063–64 
Lamborn amendment that was offered and subse-
quently withdrawn that would have increased fund-ing, by offset, for Research, Development, Test and Evaluation, Defense-Wide, by $10,290,000; 
                                                                                    Pages H4068–70 
Heck (NV) amendment that was offered and sub-
sequently withdrawn that would have redirected $100,000,000 in funding within Procurement of Weapons and Tracked Combat Vehicles, Army; 
                                                                                    Pages H4070–72 
Latta amendment that was offered and subse-
quently withdrawn that would have increased fund-ing for Other Procurement, Air Force by $35,000,000 and reduces funding for Research, De-velopment, Test and Evaluation, Defense-Wide, fa-cilities and equipment by $49,000,000; and 
                                                                                            Page H4072 
Michelle Lujan Grisham (NM) amendment that 
was offered and subsequently withdrawn that would have redirected $3,543,000 in funding within Re-search, Development, Test and Evaluation, Defense- Wide.
                                                                               Page H4075 
Point of Order sustained against: 
Gosar amendment that sought to increase fund-
ing, by offset, for operation and maintenance of the Defense Health Program, by $1,500,000; and 
                                                                                            Page H4061 
Ellmers amendment that sought to prohibit the 
use of funds to deactivate the 440th airlift wing, or to move the personnel or aircraft of the 440th airlift wing, or to otherwise degrade the capabilities of the 440th airlift wing.
                                            Pages H4131–32 
Proceedings Postponed: 
Schiff amendment that seeks to prohibit the use 
of funds after March 31, 2016, for Operation Inher-ent Resolve in the absence of a law enacted by Con-gress before such date that specifically authorizes the use of military force against the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant;
                                                   Pages H4113–14 
Lee amendment that seeks to prohibit the use of 
funds pursuant to the Authorization for Use of Mili-tary Force after December 31, 2015;
      Pages H4116–17 
Lee amendment that seeks to prohibit the use of 
funds pursuant to the Authorization for Use of Mili-tary Force Against Iraq Resolution of 2002; 
                                                                                    Pages H4118–19 
Sablan amendment that seeks to prohibit the use 
of funds to establish any live-fire range, training course, or maneuver area within the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands;
              Pages H4119–20 Gosar amendment that seeks to prohibit the use 
of funds by the Department of the Navy to divest or transfer, or prepare to divest or transfer, any search and rescue units from the Marine Corps; 
                                                                                    Pages H4120–21 
Johnson (GA) amendment that seeks to prohibit 
the use of funds to transfer a flash-bang grenade; 
                                                                                    Pages H4121–22 
Gosar amendment that seeks to prohibit the use 
of funds to procure any Army Aircrew Combat Uni-forms;
                                                                       Pages H4122–23 
Johnson (GA) amendment that seeks to prohibit 
the use of funds to transfer a mine-resistant ambush protected vehicle;
                                               Pages H4123–24 
Ellison amendment that seeks to prohibit the use 
of funds to enter into a contract with any person whose disclosures of a proceeding with a disposition in the Federal Awardee Performance and Integrity Information System include the term ‘‘Fair Labor Standards Act’’ and such disposition is listed as ‘‘willful’’ or ‘‘repeated’’;
                                  Pages H4127–28 
Smith (MO) amendment that seeks to prohibit the 
use of funds to provide for defense counsel for any individual described in section 8101(c); and 
                                                                                    Pages H4128–29 
Massie amendment that seeks to prohibit the use 
of funds for Section 702 programs of the Foreign In-telligence Surveillance Act of 1978.
        Pages H4130–31 
H. Res. 303, the rule providing for consideration 
of the bills (H.R. 2685) and (H.R. 2393), was agreed to by a yea-and-nay vote of 244 yeas to 187 nays, Roll No. 330, after the previous question was ordered.
                                                                   Pages H4020–30 
Trade Preferences Extension Act of 2015—Order of Business: Agreed by unanimous consent that it 
be in order at any time to take from the Speaker’s table H.R. 1295, with the Senate amendments there-to, and to consider in the House, without interven-tion of any point of order, a single motion offered by the chair of the Committee on Ways and Means or his designee that the House 1) concur in the Sen-ate amendment to the title and 2) concur in the Sen-ate amendment to the text with the amendment printed in the portion of the Congressional Record designated for that purpose in clause 8 of rule 18 and numbered 1; that the Senate amendments and the motion be considered as read; that the motion be debatable for one hour equally divided and con-trolled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Ways and Means; and that the previous question be considered as ordered on the motion to its adoption without intervening motion or demand for division of the question.
         Page H4117 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 15:12 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\RECORD15\JUN 15\D10JN5.REC D10JN5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D684 June 10, 2015 
United States Group of the NATO Parliamen-
tary Assembly—Appointment: The Chair an-
nounced the Speaker’s appointment of the following Members on the part of the House to the United States Group of the NATO Parliamentary Assembly: Representatives Larson (CT), David Scott (GA), Frankel (FL), and Connolly.
                                 Page H4133 
Presidential Message: Read a message from the 
President wherein he notified Congress that the na-tional emergency declared with respect to the actions and policies of certain members of the Government of Belarus and other persons to undermine Belarus’s democratic processes or institutions is to continue in effect beyond June 16, 2015—referred to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs and ordered to be printed (H. Doc. 114–42).
                                            Pages H4039–40 
Senate Messages: Messages received from the Senate 
by the Clerk and subsequently presented to the House today and messages received from the Senate today appear on pages H4032. 
Senate Referrals: S. 653 was referred to the Com-
mittee on Natural Resources and S. 611 was referred to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
                                                                                            Page H4133 
Quorum Calls—Votes: Four yea-and-nay votes and 
eleven recorded votes developed during the pro-ceedings of today and appear on pages H4030, H4030-31, H4031, H4105, H4106, H4106-07, H4107-08, H4108, H4108-09, H4109-10, H4110, H4110-11, H4111-12, H4112, H4112-13. There were no quorum calls. 
Adjournment: The House met at 10 a.m. and ad-
journed at 1:48 a.m. on Thursday, June 11, 2015. 
Committee Meetings 
PAST, PRESENT, AND FUTURE OF SNAP: 
THE MEANS TO CLIMBING THE ECONOMIC LADDER 
Committee on Agriculture: Full Committee held a hear-
ing entitled ‘‘Past, Present, and Future of SNAP: The Means to Climbing the Economic Ladder’’. Tes-timony was heard from public witnesses. 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURE 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Inte-
rior, Environment, and Related Agencies held a markup on Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies Appropriations Bill, FY 2016. The Inte-rior, Environment, and Related Agencies Appropria-tions Bill, FY 2016, was forwarded to the full com-mittee, without amendment. REVIEWING THE RULES AND 
REGULATIONS IMPLEMENTING FEDERAL WAGE AND HOUR STANDARDS 
Committee on Education and the Workforce: Sub-
committee on Workforce Protections held a hearing entitled ‘‘Reviewing the Rules and Regulations Im-plementing Federal Wage and Hour Standards’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURE 
Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on 
Communications and Technology held a markup on H.R. 805, the ‘‘Domain Openness Through Contin-ued Oversight Matters Act of 2015’’. H.R. 805 was forwarded to the full committee, as amended. 
IRAN’S ENDURING BALLISTIC MISSILE 
THREAT 
Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on the 
Middle East and North Africa held a hearing enti-tled ‘‘Iran’s Enduring Ballistic Missile Threat’’. Tes-timony was heard from public witnesses. 
DEFENSE SUPPORT OF CIVIL 
AUTHORITIES: A VITAL RESOURCE IN THE 
NATION’S HOMELAND SECURITY MISSIONS 
Committee on Homeland Security: Subcommittee on 
Emergency Preparedness, Response, and Communica-tions held a hearing entitled ‘‘Defense Support of Civil Authorities: A Vital Resource in the Nation’s Homeland Security Missions’’. Testimony was heard from Robert J. Fenton, Jr., Deputy Associate Ad-ministrator, Office of Response and Recovery, Fed-eral Emergency Management Agency, Department of Homeland Security; Robert G. Salesses, Deputy As-sistant Secretary, Homeland Defense Integration and Defense Support of Civil Authorities, Department of Defense; Brigadier General Joseph E. Whitlock, Deputy Director, Western Hemisphere, Joint Staff, J–5, Strategic Plans and Policy Directorate, Depart-ment of Defense; Joseph W. Kirschbaum, Director, Defense Capabilities and Management, Government Accountability Office; Major General Michael T. McGuire, Adjutant General, Department of Emer-gency and Military Affairs, State of Arizona; Peter Gaynor, Director, Emergency Management Office, State of Rhode Island; and a public witness. 
LEGISLATIVE MEASURES 
Committee on Natural Resources: Subcommittee on In-
dian, Insular and Alaska Native Affairs held a hear-ing on H.R. 487, to allow the Miami Tribe of Okla-homa to lease or transfer certain lands; H.R. 2212, to take certain Federal lands located in Lassen Coun-ty, California, into trust for the benefit of the Susanville Indian Rancheria, and for other purposes; and H.R. 2387, to amend the Alaska Native Claims 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 15:12 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\RECORD15\JUN 15\D10JN5.REC D10JN5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D685 
Settlement Act to provide for equitable allotment of 
land to Alaska Native veterans. Testimony was heard from Michael Black, Director, Bureau of Indian Af-fairs, Department of the Interior; and public wit-nesses. 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES 
Committee on Natural Resources: Full Committee began 
a markup on H.R. 387, the ‘‘Economic Development Through Tribal Land Exchange Act’’; H.R. 521, to provide for the conveyance of certain property to the Yukon Kuskokwim Health Corporation located in Bethel, Alaska; H.R. 1289, the ‘‘John Muir National Historic Site Expansion Act’’; H.R. 1992, the ‘‘American Soda Ash Competitiveness Act’’; H.R. 2295, the ‘‘National Energy Security Corridors Act’’; H.R. 2358, the ‘‘Electricity Reliability and Forest Protection Act’’; and H.R. 2647, the ‘‘Resilient Fed-eral Forests Act of 2015’’. 
THE IMPACT OF EXECUTIVE ORDER 13658 
ON PUBLIC LAND GUIDES AND OUTFITTERS 
Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Sub-
committee on the Interior held a hearing entitled ‘‘The Impact of Executive Order 13658 on Public Land Guides and Outfitters’’. Testimony was heard from Representative Stewart; Michael Lazzeri, Assist-ant Administrator for Government Contracts, De-partment of Labor; and public witnesses. 
THE FEDERAL INFORMATION 
TECHNOLOGY REFORM ACT’S ROLE IN REDUCING IT ACQUISITION RISK 
Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Sub-
committee on Information Technology; and Sub-committee on Government Operations, held a joint hearing entitled ‘‘The Federal Information Tech-nology Reform Act’s Role in Reducing IT Acquisi-tion Risk’’. Testimony was heard from David A. Powner, Director, IT Management Issues, Govern-ment Accountability Office; Tony Scott, U.S. Chief Information Officer, Office of E-Government and In-formation Technology, Office of Management and Budget; Anne Rung, Administrator, Office of Fed-eral Procurement Policy, Office of Management and Budget; and a public witness. 
SENATE AMENDMENTS TO THE TRADE 
FACILITATION AND TRADE ENFORCEMENT ACT OF 2015; SENATE AMENDMENTS TO THE TRADE PREFERENCES EXTENSION ACT OF 2015; SENATE AMENDMENTS TO THE TRADE ACT OF 2015 
Committee on Rules: Full Committee held a hearing on 
Senate Amendments to H.R. 644, the ‘‘Trade Facili-tation and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015’’; Senate 
Amendments to H.R. 1295, the ‘‘Trade Preferences Extension Act of 2015’’; and Senate Amendment to H.R. 1314, the ‘‘Trade Act of 2015’’. The com-mittee granted, by record vote of 9–4, a rule that provides for the consideration of the Senate amend-ment to H.R. 1314. The rule makes in order a mo-tion offered by the chair of the Committee on Ways and Means or his designee that the House concur in the Senate amendment to H.R. 1314. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the motion. The rule provides that the Senate amend-ment and the motion shall be considered as read. 
The rule provides one hour of debate on the motion equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Ways and Means. The rule provides that the ques-tion on adoption of the motion shall be divided as follows: (1) concurring in section 212 of the Senate amendment (relating to Medicare); (2) concurring in the matter comprising the remainder of title II of the Senate amendment (TAA); and (3) concurring in the matter preceding title II of the Senate amend-ment (TPA). The first portion of the divided ques-tion shall be considered as adopted. The rule pro-vides that if any remaining portion of the divided question fails, then the House shall be considered to have made no disposition of the Senate amendment. In section 2, the rule provides for the consideration of the Senate amendments to H.R. 644. The rule makes in order a single motion offered by the chair of the Committee on Ways and Means or his des-ignee that the House: (1) concur in the Senate amendment to the title; and (2) concur in the Senate amendment to the text with the amendment printed in part A of the Rules Committee report modified by the amendment printed in part B of the report. The rule waives all points of order against consider-ation of the motion and provides that the motion is not subject to a demand for division of the question. The rule provides that the Senate amendments and the motion shall be considered as read. The rule pro-vides one hour of debate on the motion equally di-vided and controlled by the chair and ranking mi-nority member of the Committee on Ways and Means. The rule provides that if the motion is adopted, the chair of the Committee on Ways and Means or his designee is then authorized to move that the House insist on its amendment to the Sen-ate amendment to the text of H.R. 644 and request a conference with the Senate thereon. Testimony was heard from Chairman Ryan of Wisconsin and Rep-resentatives Levin, Doggett, Polis, Mulvaney, Kap-tur, King of Iowa, Kildee, Clawson of Florida, Pocan, Dingell, McDermott, Edwards, and Grayson. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 15:12 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\RECORD15\JUN 15\D10JN5.REC D10JN5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D686 June 10, 2015 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURE 
Committee on Small Business: Full Committee held a 
markup on H.R. 2499, the ‘‘Veterans Entrepreneur-ship Act of 2015’’; H.R. 208, the ‘‘Superstorm Sandy Relief Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1023, the ‘‘Small Business Investment Company Capital Act of 2015’’; and H.R. 2670, the ‘‘Microloan Modernization Act of 2015’’. The following bills were ordered reported, as amended: H.R. 2499 and H.R. 208. The fol-lowing bills were ordered reported, without amend-ment: H.R. 1023 and H.R. 2670. 
ONE YEAR ANNIVERSARY AFTER 
ENACTMENT: IMPLEMENTATION OF THE WATER RESOURCES REFORM AND DEVELOPMENT ACT OF 2014 
Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure: Sub-
committee on Water Resources and Environment held a hearing entitled ‘‘One Year Anniversary after Enactment: Implementation of the Water Resources Reform and Development Act of 2014’’. Testimony was heard from Jo-Ellen Darcy, Assistant Secretary of the Army, Civil Works; and Lieutenant General Thomas P. Bostick, Chief of Engineers, United States Army Corps of Engineers. 
PRESCRIPTION MISMANAGEMENT AND 
THE RISK OF VETERAN SUICIDE 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: Subcommittee on Over-
sight and Investigations held a hearing entitled ‘‘Prescription Mismanagement and the Risk of Vet-eran Suicide’’. Testimony was heard from Carolyn Clancy, M.D., Interim Under Secretary for Health, Department of Veterans Affairs; Randall Williamson, Director, Health Care Issues, Government Account-ability Office; and a public witness. 
OBAMACARE IMPLEMENTATION AND THE 
DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES FY16 BUDGET REQUEST 
Committee on Ways and Means: Full Committee held 
a hearing on Obamacare implementation and the Department of Health and Human Services FY16 Budget request. Testimony was heard from Sylvia Burwell, Secretary, Department of Health and Human Services. 
Joint Meetings 
FOREIGN FIGHTERS 
Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe: Com-
mission concluded a hearing to examine the esca-lating threat of ISIL in Central Asia, after receiving testimony from Daniel Rosenblum, Deputy Assistant Secretary of State, Bureau of South and Central Asian Affairs; and Frank J. Cillufo, The George Wash-ington University Center for Cyber and Homeland 
Security, and Jennifer Leonard, International Crisis Group, both of Washington, D.C. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR THURSDAY, 
JUNE 11, 2015 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Appropriations: business meeting to markup 
an original bill entitled, ‘‘Department of Defense Appro-priations Act, 2016’’, an original bill entitled, ‘‘Com-merce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies Appropria-tions Act, 2016’’, and an original bill entitled, ‘‘Legisla-tive Branch Appropriations Act, 2016’’, 10:30 a.m., SD–106. 
Committee on Environment and Public Works: to hold hear-
ings to examine the nominations of Ann Elizabeth Dunkin, of California, and Thomas A. Burke, and Jane Toshiko Nishida, both of Maryland, all to be to be an Assistant Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency, 9:30 a.m., SD–406. 
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: 
to hold hearings to examine accounts of current and former federal agency whistleblowers, 10:30 a.m., SD–342. 
Select Committee on Intelligence: to receive a closed brief-
ing on certain intelligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. 
House 
Committee on Agriculture, Subcommittee on Conservation 
and Forestry, hearing entitled ‘‘Implementing the Agri-cultural Act of 2014: Conservation Programs’’, 10 a.m., 1300 Longworth. 
Committee on Appropriations, Subcommittee on Financial 
Services and General Government, markup on Financial Services and General Government Appropriations Bill, FY 2016, 9 a.m., 2358–B Rayburn. 
Full Committee, markup on State, Foreign Operations, 
and Related Programs Appropriations Bill for FY 2016, 10 a.m., 2359 Rayburn. 
Committee on Armed Services, Subcommittee on Military 
Personnel, hearing entitled ‘‘The Department of Defense Views on the Military Compensation and Retirement Modernization Commission’s Recommendations for Mili-tary Health Care Reform’’, 2 p.m., 2212 Rayburn. 
Committee on Energy and Commerce, Subcommittee on 
Health, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining H.R. 1786, James Zadroga 9/11 Health and Compensation Reauthorization Act’’, 10:15 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. 
Committee on Financial Services, Full Committee, hearing 
entitled ‘‘The Future of Housing in America: Oversight of the Department of Housing and Urban Development’’, 10 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on Financial Institutions and Consumer 
Credit, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining Legislative Proposals to Preserve Consumer Choice and Financial Independ-ence’’, 2 p.m., 2128 Rayburn. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 15:12 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\RECORD15\JUN 15\D10JN5.REC D10JN5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D687 
Committee on Foreign Affairs, Subcommittee on Asia and 
the Pacific, hearing entitled ‘‘Retreat or Revival: A Status Report on Democracy in Asia’’, 2 p.m., 2172 Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health, Global 
Human Rights, and International Organizations, hearing entitled ‘‘The Goldman Act to Return Abducted Amer-ican Children: Assessing the Compliance Report and Re-quired Action’’, 2 p.m., 2200 Rayburn. 
Committee on the Judiciary, Full Committee, markup on 
H.R. 9, the ‘‘Innovation Act’’, 10 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. 
Committee on Natural Resources, Full Committee, markup 
on H.R. 387, the ‘‘Economic Development Through Tribal Land Exchange Act’’; H.R. 521, to provide for the conveyance of certain property to the Yukon Kuskokwim Health Corporation located in Bethel, Alaska; H.R. 1289, the ‘‘John Muir National Historic Site Expansion Act’’; H.R. 1992, the ‘‘American Soda Ash Competitiveness Act’’; H.R. 2295, the ‘‘National Energy Security Cor-ridors Act’’; H.R. 2358, the ‘‘Electricity Reliability and Forest Protection Act’’; and H.R. 2647, the ‘‘Resilient 
Federal Forests Act of 2015’’ (continued), 10 a.m., 1324 Longworth. 
Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, Sub-
committee on Health Care, Benefits and Administrative Rules, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining Fraud, Waste, and Abuse at the Export-Import Bank’’, 1 p.m., 2154 Ray-burn. 
Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, Subcommittee 
on Space, hearing entitled ‘‘Transforming America’s Air Travel’’, 9 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. 
Committee on Small Business, Subcommittee on Agri-
culture, Energy and Trade, hearing entitled ‘‘Squeezed: Current Challenges for Small Citrus Operations’’, 10 a.m., 2360 Rayburn. 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, Subcommittee on Dis-
ability Assistance and Memorial Affairs, hearing entitled ‘‘Exploring VBA’s Fiduciary Program’’, 2 p.m., 334 Can-non. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 15:12 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\RECORD15\JUN 15\D10JN5.REC D10JN5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postage
is paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are
printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances when
two or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through
the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov , free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the
Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.
Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov . ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S.
Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made
payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing
each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents
in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from
the Congressional Record .
POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record , U.S. Government Publishing Office,
Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD688 June 10, 2015 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 
10 a.m., Thursday, June 11 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Thursday: After the transaction of any 
morning business (not to extend beyond one hour), Senate will continue consideration of H.R. 1735, National De-fense Authorization Act. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
10 a.m., Thursday, June 11 
House Chamber 
Program for Thursday: Continue consideration of H.R. 
2685—Department of Defense Appropriations Act, 2016 (Subject to a Rule). Motion to Concur in the Senate amendments with an amendment to H.R. 1295—Trade Preferences Extension Act of 2015. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE 
Aguilar, Pete, Calif., E865 
Beyer, Donald S., Jr., Va. E872 Bost, Mike, Ill., E874 Burgess, Michael C., Tex., E865, E873 Chu, Judy, Calif, E869 Coffman, Mike, Colo., E870 Connolly, Gerald E., Va., E867, E868, E870, E871 Costa, Jim, Calif., E869 Courtney, Joe, Conn., E869 DeFazio, Peter A., Ore., E872 Dold, Robert J., Ill., E870 
Duncan, John J., Jr., Tenn., E870 Gosar, Paul A., Ariz., E875 Graves, Sam, Mo., E873 Higgins, Brian, N.Y., E866, E868, E870, E871, E873 Huffman, Jared, Calif., E865 Hurt, Robert, Va., E866 Issa, Darrell E., Calif., E874 Johnson, Eddie Bernice, Tex., E874 Jolly, David W., Fla., E865 Lance, Leonard, N.J., E866 Lawrence, Brenda L., Mich., E866, E872 Maloney, Carolyn B., N.Y., E867 
McClintock, Tom, Calif., E873 Olson, Pete, Tex., E865, E867, E869, E870, E871, E873 Paulsen, Erik, Minn., E870 Poe, Ted, Tex., E874, E875 Quigley, Mike, Ill., E866 Rangel, Charles B., N.Y., E874 Ryan, Tim, Ohio, E865 Van Hollen, Chris, Md., E868, E872 Young, David, Iowa, E867 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 15:12 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\RECORD15\JUN 15\D10JN5.REC D10JN5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE