Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H2503 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 29, 2015 No. 63 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 9 a.m. and was 
called to order by the Speaker. 
f 
PRAYER 
Reverend Dr. Jimmy Jackson, 
Whitesburg Baptist Church, Huntsville, Alabama, offered the following prayer: 
O Lord God, You are our eternal hope 
and our present help. We come before You today as both needy and respon-sible people. You know us better than we know ourselves. You know the things that weigh heavily upon our hearts this morning—our families, our friends, our Nation, and our world. Nothing is hidden from You, and You care for each of us and our concerns. 
You declared, ‘‘Look unto Me and be 
delivered, all the ends of the Earth; be-cause I am God, and there is no one else.’’ We need Your help. Please move upon us and give us a deep longing for Your salvation, Your wisdom, and moral integrity. Let us see ourselves as You see us. Convince us of our utter de-pendence upon You. Open our eyes to the increasing corruption and blatant evil in our world. 
O God, send a great spiritual awak-
ening throughout our land, beginning right here and right now in this room and among these people. 
We make our petition in Jesus’ name. Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL 
The SPEAKER. The Chair has exam-
ined the Journal of the last day’s pro-ceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-
nal stands approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman 
from Alabama (Mr. B ROOKS ) come for-
ward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. BROOKS of Alabama led the 
Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
WELCOMING REVEREND DR. 
JIMMY JACKSON 
The SPEAKER. Without objection, 
the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. B
ROOKS ) is recognized for 1 minute. 
There was no objection. Mr. BROOKS of Alabama. Mr. Speak-
er, it is with great privilege that I wel-come Dr. Jimmy Jackson to the House of Representatives and thank him for serving as today’s guest chaplain. 
Dr. Jackson is the senior pastor at 
Whitesburg Baptist Church in Hunts-ville, Alabama, where he has served since 1978. 
He and his wife, Bobbi, have been 
married for 54 years. They are parents of three children, seven grandchildren, and three great-grandchildren. 
Dr. Jackson has held numerous lead-
ership roles within the Southern Bap-tist Convention and has served as past president of the Alabama Pastors Con-ference and past president of the Ala-bama Baptist Convention. 
I have personally known Dr. Jimmy 
Jackson for almost 35 years and appre-ciate him, admire him, and thank him for his long commitment to his con-gregation, to his community, to Amer-ica, and to the lives of the tens of thou-sands he has touched during his life-time of service to God. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
The SPEAKER. After consultation 
among the Speaker and the majority and minority leaders, and with their consent, the Chair announces that, when the two Houses meet in joint meeting to hear an address by His Ex-cellency Shinzo Abe, Prime Minister of Japan, only the doors immediately op-
posite the Speaker and those imme-diately to his left and right will be open. 
No one will be allowed on the floor of 
the House who does not have the privi-lege of the floor of the House. Due to the large attendance that is antici-pated, the rule regarding the privilege of the floor must be strictly enforced. Children of Members will not be per-mitted on the floor. The cooperation of all Members is requested. 
The practice of reserving seats prior 
to the joint meeting by placard will not be allowed. Members may reserve their seats by physical presence only following the security sweep of the Chamber. 
f 
RECESS 
The SPEAKER. Pursuant to the 
order of the House of Monday, April 13, 2015, the House stands in recess subject to the call of the Chair 
Accordingly (at 9 o’clock and 4 min-
utes a.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
JOINT MEETING TO HEAR AN AD-
DRESS BY HIS EXCELLENCY SHINZO ABE, PRIME MINISTER OF JAPAN 
During the recess, the House was 
called to order by the Speaker at 10 o’clock and 59 minutes a.m. 
The Assistant to the Sergeant at 
Arms, Ms. Kathleen Joyce, announced the Vice President and Members of the U.S. Senate, who entered the Hall of the House of Representatives, the Vice President taking the chair at the right of the Speaker, and the Members of the Senate the seats reserved for them. 
The SPEAKER. The joint meeting 
will come to order. 
The Chair appoints as members of 
the committee on the part of the House to escort His Excellency Shinzo Abe, Prime Minister of Japan, into the Chamber: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:13 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29AP7.000 H29APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2504 April 29, 2015 
The gentleman from California (Mr. 
MCCARTHY ); 
The gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. 
SCALISE ); 
The gentlewoman from Washington 
(Mrs. M CMORRIS RODGERS ); 
The gentleman from Oregon (Mr. 
WALDEN ); 
The gentleman from Indiana (Mr. 
MESSER ); 
The gentlewoman from North Caro-
lina (Ms. F OXX); 
The gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. 
RYAN); 
The gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. 
FRELINGHUYSEN ); 
The gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. 
GRANGER ); 
The gentleman from Ohio (Mr. 
TIBERI ); 
The gentleman from California (Mr. 
NUNES ); 
The gentleman from Arizona (Mr. 
SALMON ); 
The gentleman from Missouri (Mr. 
LONG); 
The gentlewoman from California 
(Ms. P ELOSI ); 
The gentleman from Maryland (Mr. 
HOYER ); 
The gentleman from California (Mr. 
BECERRA ); 
The gentleman from New York (Mr. 
CROWLEY ); 
The gentlewoman from Maryland 
(Ms. E DWARDS ); 
The gentlewoman from Connecticut 
(Ms. D ELAURO ); 
The gentleman from California (Mr. 
HONDA ); 
The gentlewoman from California 
(Ms. M ATSUI ); 
The gentleman from California (Mr. 
TAKANO ); 
The gentleman from Hawaii (Mr. 
TAKAI); 
The gentlewoman from Colorado (Ms. 
DEGETTE ); 
The gentleman from Washington (Mr. 
MCDERMOTT ); and 
The gentleman from Texas (Mr. C AS-
TRO). 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Presi-
dent of the Senate, at the direction of that body, appoints the following Sen-ators as members of the committee on the part of the Senate to escort His Ex-cellency Shinzo Abe, Prime Minister of Japan, into the House Chamber: 
The Senator from Kentucky (Mr. 
M
CCONNELL ); 
The Senator from Texas (Mr. C OR-
NYN); 
The Senator from Utah (Mr. H ATCH ); 
The Senator from Wyoming (Mr. 
BARRASSO ); 
The Senator from Missouri (Mr. 
BLUNT ); 
The Senator from Mississippi (Mr. 
WICKER ); 
The Senator from Alaska (Ms. M UR-
KOWSKI ); 
The Senator from Tennessee (Mr. 
CORKER ); 
The Senator from Illinois (Mr. D UR-
BIN); 
The Senator from Washington (Mrs. 
MURRAY ); The Senator from Maryland (Mr. 
CARDIN ); and 
The Senator from Hawaii (Ms. 
HIRONO ); 
The Assistant to the Sergeant at 
Arms announced the Acting Dean of the Diplomatic Corps, H.E. Hersey Kyota, the Ambassador of Palau. 
The Acting Dean of the Diplomatic 
Corps entered the Hall of the House of Representatives and took the seat re-served for him. 
The Assistant to the Sergeant at 
Arms announced the Cabinet of the President of the United States. 
The members of the Cabinet of the 
President of the United States entered the Hall of the House of Representa-tives and took the seats reserved for them in front of the Speaker’s rostrum. 
At 11 o’clock and 13 minutes a.m., 
the Sergeant at Arms, the Honorable Paul D. Irving, announced His Excel-lency Shinzo Abe, Prime Minister of Japan. 
The Prime Minister of Japan, es-
corted by the committee of Senators and Representatives, entered the Hall of the House of Representatives and stood at the Clerk’s desk. 
(Applause, the Members rising.) The SPEAKER. Members of Con-
gress, I have the high privilege and the distinct honor of presenting to you His Excellency Shinzo Abe, Prime Minister of Japan. 
(Applause, the Members rising.) Prime Minster ABE. Mr. Speaker, 
Mr. Vice President, distinguished Members of the Senate and the House, distinguished guests, ladies and gentle-men. 
Back in June 1957, Nobusuke Kishi, 
my grandfather, standing right here as Prime Minister of Japan, began his ad-dress by saying, ‘‘It is because of our strong belief in democratic principles and ideals that Japan associates her-self with the free nations of the world.’’ 
Fifty-eight years have passed. Today, 
I am honored to stand here as the first Japanese Prime Minister ever to ad-dress your joint session. I extend my heartfelt gratitude to you for inviting me. I have lots of things to tell you. But I am here with no ability, nor the intention, to filibuster. 
As I stand in front of you today, the 
names of your distinguished colleagues that Japan welcomed as your Ambas-sadors come back to me: the Honorable Mike Mansfield, Walter Mondale, Tom Foley, and Howard Baker. On behalf of the Japanese people, thank you so very, very much for sending us such shining champions of democracy. 
Ambassador Caroline Kennedy also 
embodies the tradition of American de-mocracy. Thank you. Thank you, Am-bassador Kennedy, for all the dynamic work you have done for all of us. 
We all miss Senator Inouye, who 
symbolized the honor and achieve-ments of Japanese Americans. 
Ladies and gentlemen, my first en-
counter with America goes back to my days as a student when I spent a spell in California. A lady named Catherine Del Francia let me live in her house. 
She was a widow and always spoke of her late husband, saying, ‘‘You know, he was much more handsome than Gary Cooper.’’ She meant it. She really did. 
In the gallery, you see my wife, Akie, 
is there. I don’t dare ask what she says about me. 
Mrs. Del Francia’s Italian cooking 
was simply out of this world. She was cheerful and so kind as to let lots and lots of people stop by at her house. They were so diverse. I was amazed and said to myself, ‘‘America is an awe-some country.’’ 
Later, I took a job at a steelmaker, 
and I was given the chance to work in New York. 
Here in the U.S., rank and hierarchy 
are neither here nor there. People ad-vance based on merit. When you dis-cuss things, you don’t pay much atten-tion to who is junior or senior. You just choose the best idea, no matter who the idea was from. 
This culture intoxicated me. So 
much so, after I got elected as a mem-ber of the House, some of the old guard in my party would say, ‘‘Hey, you are so cheeky, Abe.’’ 
As for my family name, it is not 
‘‘Eighb.’’ Some Americans do call me that every now and then, but I don’t take offense. 
That is because, ladies and gentle-
men, the Japanese, ever since they started modernization, have seen the very foundation for democracy in that famous line in the Gettysburg Address. The son of a farmer-carpenter can be-come the President. The fact that such a country existed woke up the Japa-nese of the late 19th century to democ-racy. 
For Japan, our encounter with Amer-
ica was also our encounter with democ-racy, and that was more than 150 years ago, giving us a mature history to-gether. 
Before coming over here, I was at the 
World War II Memorial. It was a place of peace and calm that struck me as a sanctuary. The air was filled with the sound of water breaking in the foun-tains. 
In one corner stands the Freedom 
Wall. More than 4,000 gold stars shine on the wall. I gasped with surprise to hear that each star represents the lives of 100 fallen soldiers. I believe those gold stars are a proud symbol of the sacrifices in defending freedom; but, in those gold stars, we also find the pain, sorrow, and love for family of young Americans who otherwise would have lived happy lives. 
Pearl Harbor, Bataan, Corregidor, 
Coral Sea, the battles engraved at the memorial crossed my mind, and I re-flected upon the lost dreams and lost futures of those young Americans. His-tory is harsh. What is done cannot be undone. With deep repentance in my heart, I stood there in silent prayers for some time. 
My dear friends, on behalf of Japan 
and the Japanese people, I offer with 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:13 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29AP7.002 H29APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2505 April 29, 2015 
profound respect my eternal condo-
lences to the souls of all American peo-ple that were lost during World War II. 
Ladies and gentlemen, in the gallery 
today is Lieutenant General Lawrence Snowden. 
Seventy years ago in February, he 
landed on Ioto, or the island of Iwo Jima, as a captain in command of a company. In recent years, General Snowden has often participated in the memorial services held jointly by Japan and the U.S. on Ioto. 
He said, ‘‘We didn’t and don’t go to 
Iwo Jima to celebrate victory, but for the solemn purpose to pay tribute to and honor those who lost their lives on both sides.’’ 
Next to General Snowden sits Diet 
Member Yoshitaka Shindo, who is a former member of my Cabinet. His grandfather, General Tadamichi Kuribayashi, whose valor we remember even today, was the commander of the Japanese garrison during the Battle of Iwo Jima. 
What should we call this, if not a 
miracle of history? Enemies that had fought each other so fiercely have be-come friends bonded in spirit. 
To General Snowden, I pay tribute to 
your efforts for reconciliation. Thank you so very much. 
Post war, we started out on our path 
bearing in mind feelings of deep re-morse over the war. Our actions brought suffering to the peoples in Asian countries. We must not avert our eyes from that. I will uphold the views expressed by the previous Prime Min-isters in this regard. 
We must all the more contribute in 
every respect to the development of Asia. We must spare no effort in work-ing for the peace and prosperity of the region. Reminding ourselves of all that, we have come all this way. I am proud of this path we have taken. 
Seventy years ago, Japan had been 
reduced to ashes. Then came each and every month from the citizens of the United States gifts to Japan, like milk for our children and warm sweaters and even goats. Yes, from America, 2,036 goats came to Japan. 
And it was Japan that received the 
biggest benefit from the very beginning by the postwar economic system that the U.S. had fostered by opening up its own market and calling for a liberal world economy. 
Later on, from the 1980s, we saw the 
rise of the Republic of Korea, Taiwan, the ASEAN countries, and, before long, China as well. This time, Japan too de-votedly poured in capital and tech-nologies to support their growths. 
Meanwhile, in the U.S., Japan cre-
ated more employment than any other foreign nation but one, coming second only to the U.K. In this way, prosperity was fostered first by the U.S. and sec-ond by Japan. And prosperity is noth-ing less than the seedbed for peace. 
Involving countries in Asia Pacific 
whose backgrounds vary, the U.S. and Japan must take the lead. We must take the lead to build a market that is fair, dynamic, sustainable, and is also 
free from the arbitrary intentions of any nation. 
In the Pacific market, we cannot 
overlook sweatshops or burdens on the environment, nor can we simply allow free riders on intellectual property. No. Instead, we can spread our shared val-ues around the world and have them take root: the rule of law, democracy, and freedom. That is exactly what the TPP is all about. 
Furthermore, the TPP goes far be-
yond just economic benefits. It is also about our security. Long term, its stra-tegic value is awesome. We should never forget that. 
The TPP covers an area that ac-
counts for 40 percent of the world econ-omy and one-third of global trade. We must turn the area into a region for lasting peace and prosperity. That is for the sake of our children and our children’s children. 
As for U.S.-Japan negotiations, the 
goal is near. Let us bring the TPP to a successful conclusion through our joint leadership. 
As a matter of fact, I have something 
I can tell you now. It was about 20 years ago. The GATT negotiations for agriculture were going on. I was much younger and like a ball of fire and op-posed to opening Japan’s agricultural market. I even joined farmers’ rep-resentatives in a rally in front of the parliament. 
However, Japan’s agriculture has 
gone into decline over these last 20 years. The average age of our farmers has gone up by 10 years and is now more than 66 years old. 
Japan’s agriculture is at a cross-
roads. In order for it to survive, it has to change now. We are bringing great reforms toward the agriculture policy that has been in place for decades. We are also bringing sweeping reforms to our agricultural cooperatives that have not been changed in 60 long years. 
Corporate governance in Japan is 
now fully in line with global standards because we made it stronger. Rock- solid regulations are being broken in such sectors as medicine and energy. And I am the spearhead. 
To turn around our depopulation, I 
am determined to do whatever it takes. We are changing some of our old habits to empower women so they can get more actively engaged in all walks of life. 
In short, Japan is right in the middle 
of a quantum leap. 
My dear Members of the Congress, 
please do come and see the new Japan, where we have regained our spirit of re-form and our sense of speed. Japan will not run away from any reforms. We keep our eyes only on the road ahead and push forward with structural re-forms. That is TINA: There Is No Al-ternative. And there is no doubt about it whatsoever. 
My dear colleagues, the peace and se-
curity of the postwar world was not possible without American leadership. Looking back, it makes me happy all the time that Japan of years past made 
the right decision. As I told you at the outset, citing my grandfather, that de-cision was to choose a path. That is the path for Japan to ally itself with the U.S. and to go forward as a member of the Western world. 
In the end, together with the U.S. 
and other like-minded democracies, we won the cold war. That is the path that made Japan grow and prosper, and even today, there is no alternative. 
My dear colleagues, we support the 
‘‘rebalancing’’ by the U.S. in order to enhance the peace and security of the Asia-Pacific region, and I will state clearly: we will support the U.S. effort first, last, and throughout. 
Japan has deepened its strategic rela-
tions with Australia and India. We are enhancing our cooperation across many fields with the countries of ASEAN and the Republic of Korea. Adding those partners to the central pillar that is the U.S.-Japan alliance, our region will get stable remarkably more. 
Now, Japan will provide up to $2.8 
billion in assistance to help improve U.S. bases in Guam, which will gain strategic significance even more in the future. 
As regards the state of Asian waters, 
let me underscore here my three prin-ciples: first, states shall make their claims based on international law; sec-ond, they shall not use force or coer-cion to drive their claims; and, third, to settle disputes—any disputes—they shall do so by peaceful means. 
We must make the vast seas stretch-
ing from the Pacific to the Indian Oceans seas of peace and freedom, where all follow the rule of law. For that very reason, we must fortify the U.S.-Japan alliance. That is our re-sponsibility. 
Now, let me tell you. In Japan, we 
are working hard to enhance the legis-lative foundations for our security. 
Once in place, Japan will be much 
more able to provide a seamless re-sponse for all levels of crisis. These en-hanced legislative foundations should make the cooperation between the U.S. military and Japan’s Self-Defense Forces even stronger, and the alliance still more solid, providing credible de-terrence for the peace in the region. This reform is the first of its kind and a sweeping one in our postwar history. We will achieve this by this coming summer. 
Now, I have something to share with 
you. 
The day before yesterday, Secretaries 
Kerry and Carter met our Foreign Min-ister Kishida and Defense Minister Nakatani for consultations. As a re-sult, we now have a new framework, a framework to better put together the forces of the U.S. and Japan, a frame-work that is in line with the legislative attempts going on in Japan. That is what is necessary to build peace, more reliable peace in the region. And that is, namely, the new defense coopera-tion guidelines. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:13 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29AP7.003 H29APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2506 April 29, 2015 
Yesterday, President Obama and I 
fully agreed on the significance of these guidelines. Ladies and gentle-men, we agreed on a document that is historic. 
In the early 1990s, in the Persian 
Gulf, Japan’s Self-Defense Forces swept away sea mines. For 10 years, in the Indian Ocean, Japanese Self-De-fense Forces supported your operation to stop the flow of terrorists and arms. Meanwhile, in Cambodia, the Golan Heights, Iraq, Haiti, and South Sudan, members of our Self-Defense Forces provided humanitarian support and peacekeeping operations. Their number amounts to 50,000. 
Based on this track record, we are re-
solved to take yet more responsibility for the peace and stability in the world. It is for that purpose we are de-termined to enact all necessary bills by this coming summer. And we will do exactly that. 
We must make sure human security 
will be preserved in addition to na-tional security. That is our belief, firm and solid. 
We must do our best so that every in-
dividual gets education, medical sup-port, and an opportunity to rise to be self-reliant. Armed conflicts have al-ways made women suffer the most. In our age, we must realize the kind of world where finally women are free from human rights abuses. 
Our servicemen and -women have 
made substantial accomplishments. So have our aid workers, who have worked so steadily. Their combined sum has given us a new self-identity. 
That is why we now hold up high a 
new banner that is ‘‘proactive con-tribution to peace based on the prin-ciple of international cooperation.’’ Let me repeat. ‘‘Proactive contribution to peace based on the principle of inter-national cooperation’’ should lead Japan along its road for the future. 
Problems we face include terrorism, 
infectious diseases, natural disasters, and climate change. The time has come for the U.S.-Japan alliance to face up to and jointly tackle those challenges that are new. After all, our alliance has lasted more than a quarter of the en-tire history of the United States. It is an alliance that is sturdy, bound in trust and friendship, deep between us. 
No new concept should ever be nec-
essary for the alliance that connects us, the biggest and the second biggest democratic powers in the free world, in working together. Always, it is an alli-ance that cherishes our shared values of the rule of law, respect for human rights, and freedom. 
When I was young in high school and 
listened to the radio, there was a song that flew out and shook my heart. It was a song by Carole King. 
When you’re down and troubled . . . close 
your eyes and think of me, and I will be there to brighten up even your darkest night. 
And that day, March 11, 2011, a big 
quake, a tsunami, and a nuclear acci-dent hit the northeastern part of Japan. The darkest night fell upon 
Japan. But it was then we saw the U.S. Armed Forces rushing to Japan to the rescue at a scale never seen or heard before. Lots and lots of people from all corners of the U.S. extended the hand of assistance to the children in the dis-aster areas. Yes, we have got a friend in you. Together, with the victims, you shed tears. You gave us something, something very, very precious. That was hope, hope for the future. 
Ladies and gentlemen, the finest 
asset the U.S. has to give to the world was hope, is hope, will be and must al-ways be hope. 
Distinguished representatives of the 
citizens of the United States, let us call the U.S.-Japan alliance an alliance of hope. Let the two of us, America and Japan, join our hands together and do our best to make the world a better—a much better—place to live. 
Alliance of hope: together, we can 
make a difference. 
Thank you so much. (Applause, the Members rising.) At 12 o’clock and 8 minutes p.m., His 
Excellency Shinzo Abe, Prime Minister of Japan, accompanied by the com-mittee of escort, retired from the Hall of the House of Representatives. 
The Assistant to the Sergeant at 
Arms escorted the invited guests from the Chamber in the following order: 
The members of the President’s Cabi-
net; 
The Acting Dean of the Diplomatic 
Corps. 
f 
JOINT MEETING DISSOLVED 
The SPEAKER. The purpose of the 
joint meeting having been completed, the Chair declares the joint meeting of the two Houses now dissolved. 
Accordingly (at 12 o’clock and 9 min-
utes p.m.), the joint meeting of the two Houses was dissolved. 
The Members of the Senate retired to 
their Chamber. 
The SPEAKER. The House will con-
tinue in recess subject to the call of the Chair. 
f 
b1241 
AFTER RECESS 
The recess having expired, the House 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. D
UNCAN of Tennessee) at 
12 o’clock and 41 minutes p.m. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE 
CLERK OF THE HOUSE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
Washington, DC, April 29, 2015. 
Hon. J OHNA. B OEHNER , 
The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-
mission granted in Clause 2(h) of rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-
tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on April 29, 2015 at 11 a.m.: 
That the Senate passed S. 304. With best wishes, I am 
Sincerely, 
K
AREN L. H AAS. 
f 
PRINTING OF PROCEEDINGS HAD 
DURING RECESS 
Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that the pro-ceedings had during the recess be print-ed in the R
ECORD . 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Georgia? 
There was no objection. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION 
OF H.R. 2028, ENERGY AND WATER DEVELOPMENT AND RE-LATED AGENCIES APPROPRIA-TIONS ACT, 2016; PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 2029, MILITARY CONSTRUCTION AND VETERANS AFFAIRS AND RE-LATED AGENCIES APPROPRIA-TIONS ACT, 2016; AND PROVIDING FOR PROCEEDINGS DURING THE PERIOD FROM MAY 4, 2015, THROUGH MAY 11, 2015 
Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, by di-
rection of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 223 and ask for its immediate consideration. 
The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-
lows: 
H. R ES. 223 
Resolved, That (a) at any time after adop-
tion of this resolution the Speaker may, pur-suant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consideration of any bill specified in section 2 of this resolution. The first reading of each such bill shall be dispensed with. All points of order against consideration of each such bill are waived. General debate on each such bill shall be confined to that bill and shall not exceed one hour equally divided and con-trolled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Appropria-tions. After general debate each such bill shall be considered for amendment under the five-minute rule. Points of order against pro-visions in each such bill for failure to com-ply with clause 2 of rule XXI are waived. 
(b) During consideration of each such bill 
for amendment— 
(1) each amendment, other than amend-
ments provided for in paragraph (2), shall be debatable for 10 minutes equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent and shall not be subject to amendment ex-cept as provided in paragraph (2); 
(2) no pro forma amendment shall be in 
order except that the chair and ranking mi-nority member of the Committee on Appro-priations or their respective designees may offer up to 10 pro forma amendments each at any point for the purpose of debate; and 
(3) the chair of the Committee of the Whole 
may accord priority in recognition on the basis of whether the Member offering an amendment has caused it to be printed in the portion of the Congressional Record des-ignated for that purpose in clause 8 of rule XVIII. Amendments so printed shall be con-sidered as read. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:13 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29AP7.006 H29APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2507 April 29, 2015 
(c) When the committee rises and reports 
any such bill back to the House with a rec-ommendation that the bill do pass, the pre-vious question shall be considered as ordered on that bill and amendments thereto to final passage without intervening motion except one motion to recommit with or without in-structions. 
S
EC. 2. The bills referred to in the first sec-
tion of this resolution are as follows: 
(a) The bill (H.R. 2028) making appropria-
tions for energy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes. 
(b) The bill (H.R. 2029) making appropria-
tions for military construction, the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs, and related agen-cies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes. 
S
EC. 3. During consideration of H.R. 2028 
and H.R. 2029 pursuant to this resolution— 
(a) the provisions of House Concurrent Res-
olution 27, as adopted by the House, shall have force and effect in the House as though Congress has adopted such concurrent reso-lution; and 
(b) the allocations printed in the report of 
the Committee on Rules accompanying this resolution shall be considered for all pur-poses in the House to be allocations under section 302(a) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974. 
S
EC. 4. On any legislative day during the 
period from May 4, 2015, through May 11, 2015— 
(a) the Journal of the proceedings of the 
previous day shall be considered as approved; and 
(b) the Chair may at any time declare the 
House adjourned to meet at a date and time, within the limits of clause 4, section 5, arti-cle I of the Constitution, to be announced by the Chair in declaring the adjournment. 
S
EC. 5. The Speaker may appoint Members 
to perform the duties of the Chair for the du-ration of the period addressed by section 4 of this resolution as though under clause 8(a) of rule I. 
b1245 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Georgia is recognized for 1 hour. 
Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, for the 
purpose of debate only, I yield the cus-tomary 30 minutes to my friend, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. H
AS-
TINGS ), pending which I yield myself 
such time as I may consume. During consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of de-bate only. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Georgia? 
There was no objection. Mr. WOODALL. If Members were lis-
tening to the Reading Clerk read this rule, we got into some housekeeping issues at the end. We have got a dis-trict workweek coming up next week. We needed to give the Speaker some authorities to continue to conduct the business of the House in a collaborative and a pro forma way. But it was the first part of that rule that is exciting. 
I confess, I was talking to the Parlia-
mentarian the other day, and he was telling me about the way the history of 
the rules had evolved, as folks stand on the House floor during Committee on Rules debate and actually go through 
line by line explaining to the House what is in the rule. It is not every day that I am excited about doing that, Mr. Speaker. 
The Committee on Rules has a tough 
job. Sometimes the Committee on Rules’ job is saying no. Sometimes the Committee on Rules’ job is being that gatekeeper to the floor of the House, and we have to deliver some bad news to folks. I don’t particularly enjoy reit-erating that bad news on the floor of the House. 
But today is good news. Today it is 
all good news for every Member of the House who has any ideas at all about how better to fund the responsibilities of this Nation. They are going to be able to have their voice heard. 
Let me read, as the Reading Clerk 
did. We have two bills in this rule, Mr. Speaker: H.R. 2028 and H.R. 2029. I have them here. H.R. 2029 makes appropria-tions for military construction, Vet-erans Affairs, and related agencies. I daresay there is not a single Member on the floor of this House that has not grappled with how to better serve the veterans at home in our districts, that has not grappled with how to provide better accountability to the Veterans Administration that is tasked with providing those services. This rule pro-vides that any Member of this Cham-ber—Republican or Democrat, senior or junior, freshman or retiring—has an opportunity to have their ideas heard. It is the best of what we do in this Chamber, Mr. Speaker, and we are going to do it on H.R. 2029. 
This rule also provides for consider-
ation of H.R. 2028. That is the Energy and Water Development and Related Agencies Appropriations bill, Mr. Speaker. Again, I daresay that there is anyone, particularly east of the Mis-sissippi, that has a district that is not in some way impacted by the Army Corps of Engineers. The Army Corps of Engineers is funded in this legislation. Individual projects are funded in this legislation. 
What this rule provides is that any 
Member of this Chamber that has an idea about how to better appropriate these dollars—these dollars that belong not to us as individual Members, but to the American taxpayer—how to better be accountable, be effective, be effi-cient with these tax dollars, Mr. Speaker, they can come to this floor and have their amendments heard. 
Mr. Speaker, you have heard it said 
often that the Senate only has two rules: the unanimous consent and ex-haustion. The Committee on Rules pre-vents us from having to have that structure here, but it is true that you can effectively filibuster in this Cham-ber as well: you can come down; you can move to strike the last word; you can have debate go on forever. I don’t believe that serves us particularly well. 
There is obviously an opportunity 
and a need to have your voice heard, to have your constituents’ voices heard; 
but what this rule does do, which is why we are going to call it a modified open rule instead of a completely open rule, is it restricts what one might call dilatory amendments, what one might call clarifying conversation. It re-stricts these pro forma amendments, where you are not actually trying to change any language, you just want to come down here and talk, 10 on each side controlled by the subcommittee chairmen. 
Mr. Speaker, what is so neat about 
these two bills that we are going to make in order under this bill is they both passed out of the Committee on Appropriations on a voice vote. As you know, Mr. Speaker, there are some contentious things that we do in this institution and, arguably, appro-priating is one of the hardest things that this institution has to do, but passing these bills out of committee on a voice vote tells us about the collabo-rative way in which these bills were put together. 
Now, I can tell you, there are going 
to be folks on both sides of the aisle, Mr. Speaker, who disagree with the funding levels in these bills. There are going to be Republicans who wish that they funded less, Democrats who wish they funded more; there are going to be Democrats who wish they funded less, and Republicans who wish they funded more. 
The funding levels of the total bill, 
that is not for debate today. That is set in the funding allocations. We call them 302(a) allocations, Mr. Speaker. That is my responsibility on the Com-mittee on the Budget and others who serve on the Committee on the Budget. As you know, Mr. Speaker, we are this close—oh, golly, we are this close—to having conferenced the first balanced budget for the United States of Amer-ica in over 10 years—in over 10 years. The House and the Senate are about to agree on funding levels for this Nation. It is embarrassing that we don’t do it every year, but it is wonderful that we have an opportunity to do it this year, and we will. 
Ordinarily, Mr. Speaker, we would 
have done that first. And candidly, as a member of the House Committee on the Budget, a Member who proudly supported the budget that passed here on the floor of the House, I thought that conference report was going to be ready on Monday of this week. It is not. It is not. So this rule also deems those levels that the House has already passed, those levels that we absolutely expect to be the levels of funding in that conference report, to be the levels of funding for this Energy and Water Development and Related Agencies Ap-propriations bill, for this Military Con-struction, Veterans Affairs, and Re-lated Agencies Appropriations bill, as is appropriate. 
We are beginning the appropriations 
process today, Mr. Speaker, at the ear-liest point in 40 years. How many of my colleagues are frustrated, disappointed, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:13 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29AP7.002 H29APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2508 April 29, 2015 
disillusioned when this Chamber can-
not get its work done? 
Oh, the list is long, Mr. Speaker, and 
there are legitimate reasons why we cannot accomplish some of the goals that we have set out to accomplish, but I promise you, Mr. Speaker, the fund-ing clock waits on no Member. Come September 30 of this year, funding will expire for the entire Federal Govern-ment. The earlier we start to solve that issue, the better chance we have of getting it done. And working to-gether, collaboratively, voice votes out of subcommittee, big votes out on the budget bill, we are starting earlier than we have since 1973. 
Good processes yield good results, 
Mr. Speaker; flawed processes yield flawed results. This is the kind of rule that I think every Member of this body wishes we could see more of here on the House floor. This is going to allow for the kind of debate that is not going to predetermine the outcome, but is going to allow Members to come down to the floor and make their case to their col-leagues, have the kind of debate the American people expect, and let the chips fall where they may. You get 218 votes, you get to change this bill. 
Mr. Speaker, I signed up to be on the 
Committee on Rules because I knew that we would have the opportunity to unleash this institution, the oppor-tunity to allow every Member who comes from such diverse backgrounds, who have so much to contribute. Mr. Speaker, I just got here 4 years ago with my voting card lent to me by the Seventh District of Georgia. Folks in my class that came in 4 years ago, they are already in the top 50 percent of se-niority in this institution. The Amer-ican people have been turning folks out at record speed, which means we have been bringing in new talent like never before. 
Sometimes folks think the system 
around here is geared towards those who have been here the longest. They think that only after you have achieved a subcommittee chairmanship or a committee chairmanship will you be able to have input on the process. The Committee on Rules says no. The Committee on Appropriations says no. On these bills in this process, every single Member has a chance to have their voice heard, a chance to come down here, make their case, and have an impact on the final product. 
Mr. Speaker, I am proud to be car-
rying this rule today, and I urge strong support from my colleagues on both sides of the aisle as we consider this bill throughout the afternoon and on final passage. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
the gentleman from Georgia, my good friend, for yielding me the customary 30 minutes for debate, and I yield my-self such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, totally unrelated to my 
assigned task, I do feel very strongly, as I am sure many Members of the House of Representatives and many American citizens feel, the horror of 
what transpired in Nepal, and I would just like to say, probably speaking for just about every Member, that our heartfelt condolences are with the Nep-alese people, and our hope is that the world will rally to them, as have many, including America, and allow the in-jured and the homeless to be taken care of. 
Mr. Speaker, H.R. 2029, the Military 
Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Re-lated Agencies Appropriations Act for fiscal year 2016 provides for a total of $76.6 billion in discretionary funding, including overseas contingency oper-ations, as well as $7 billion for military construction and family housing projects, and $163.2 billion for the De-partment of Veterans Affairs. 
H.R. 2028, the Energy and Water De-
velopment and Related Agencies Ap-propriations Act for fiscal year 2016, provides a total allocation of $35.4 bil-lion for energy and water resource projects. 
First, I find it important to mention, 
as did my colleague from Georgia, that this rule is a modified open rule, with time limits set to 10 minutes’ debate per amendment, and not an open rule to allow all Members to have a full and robust debate on the House floor. 
I commend my colleague from Geor-
gia, who has been a continuing advo-cate for open rules, and I also recognize his explanation that the, in his words, restriction of time was to avoid what would amount to unnecessary debate. 
But as has become custom under Re-
publican leadership, we are once again limiting the amount of deliberation permitted on issues that are critically important to our Nation and our con-stituents. Nevertheless, I am proud, as is my friend from Georgia, that Repub-licans and Democrats—the word he used is ‘‘collaborated,’’ and I agree— were able to come together to draft H.R. 2029, the legislation that appro-priates funds to military construction projects, improves the quality of life for veterans and military families, and allows for the continued operation of the essential functions of our Nation’s governing body. 
These measures include the imple-
mentation of stringent, but effective, reporting requirements for the VistA electronic health records system, as well as the continued efforts to elimi-nate the veterans’ claims backlog by fully funding endeavors to implement digital scanning of health records and improvements to centralized mail. 
b1300 
These commendable provisions bring 
us another step closer to ensuring that those who have dedicated themselves to defending our Nation will receive the benefits they have rightly earned and deserve. 
Despite reaching common ground on 
several important aspects, the Repub-lican’s fiscal year 2016 budget caps will have real and drastic cuts to essential programs that are necessary to support the brave individuals who served our 
great Nation in combat and who will bear the costs of those wars for decades to come. 
As a result of the majority’s FY 2016 
budget resolution spending caps, polit-ical maneuvering, and gimmicks—I re-member when I was a child and I first learned about the magical terminology ‘‘hocus-pocus,’’ and it comes to mind that we are sort of in imaginary land here, with the political maneuvering and gimmicks—military construction funding stands to be slashed by $1.2 bil-lion, and the Department of Veterans Affairs comes in at $1.4 billion below the amount requested. 
Yesterday, in the Rules Committee, 
we had a lengthy proceeding, and every member on the Rules Committee had an opportunity to speak to this issue. Almost as a collective voice, there was criticism of Veterans Affairs and how it functions and its failures over a pro-tracted period of time. 
I raised a question for information 
about how many people work for VA, total; and I learned for the first time that there are 340,000 people that work in interrelated capacities for VA. 
The arguments that were being made 
were made about people who are flawed and rightly should be criticized, but I don’t feel all 340,000 people who work on behalf of veterans, particularly in areas that I am privileged to serve, have seen changes that are positive and helpful, although there is always room for improvement. 
There was one measure for Veterans 
Affairs employees to receive the same 1.3 percent increase in their pay, and this measure disallows that, and I don’t think that is right. I believe that many of those persons have rightfully earned what other Federal employees are to receive as a minimal increase in these very troubled economic times. 
My Republican colleagues’ efforts to 
shift $532 million to the overseas con-tingency operations account—which, incidentally, does not count against the budget cap—creates the appearance that we have allocated the robust and necessary funding that our military re-quires when, in reality, we fail to do so. 
Americans who currently serve and 
have served in our military, along with their families, deserve the very best our Nation has to offer. When it comes to investments in our infrastructure, our military, and our country, we all must recognize that not all spending is bad spending. We can and we must do better. 
H.R. 2028, the Energy and Water De-
velopment and Related Agencies Ap-propriations Act for fiscal year 2016, is also an important piece of legislation. This bill provides funding for many critical defense and nondefense areas, from vital water resource projects to essential weapons, naval reactor, and nuclear proliferation funding. All of these funding projects enjoy largely bi-partisan support. 
That is why it is a shame, in my 
view, that my Republican friends have 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:13 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29AP7.009 H29APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2509 April 29, 2015 
taken this opportunity to poison these 
bipartisan funding measures by attach-ing partisan policy riders, and I am sure Members are going to be down here speaking loudly about some of them. 
On the one hand, this bill provides 
very robust funding for the Army Corps of Engineers at $5.6 billion in total. That is an increase of $142 million from fiscal year 2015. 
I applaud this strong funding effort. 
Unfortunately, my friends on the other side have elected to add an amendment to this funding that will allow guns to be carried on all Corps of Engineers land. 
I spoke passionately last night about 
this, and I anticipate that, beginning in the month of May, I will speak more not just about this particular measure, but about the epidemic of gun violence in this society. I did not coin that phrase. The former Surgeon General, Mr. Satcher, pointed that out a decade ago—nearly—and it is as true today as at any other point. 
Why would we add an amendment to 
an important appropriations bill that will allow more guns into recreational areas used by families? I just simply cannot understand that. Does anyone really believe an appropriations bill is the appropriate place to amend our gun laws? 
It would appear that reasonable 
minds do not. Clause 2 of rule XXI pro-hibits members of the House Rules to legislate on an appropriations measure. Significantly and dangerously, Repub-licans have granted a waiver of this im-portant rule. 
I won’t speak more about it. As I in-
dicated, there will be more to come on this business of guns in our society, and I will make it very clear where I am coming from. I feel it is in the in-terest of society and not in opposition to the Second Amendment. 
Here is another example. This bill al-
locates $1.178 billion for the harbor maintenance trust fund, vital funding needed to help further usher our ports and harbors in the 21st century, but then my friends on the other side of the aisle saw fit to attach an amend-ment that will prevent the Army Corps of Engineers from taking commonsense steps to clarify which waters are pro-tected by the Clean Water Act. 
Why, in one instance, are we going to 
fully fund an agency as vital as the Army Corps of Engineers and then, in the next breath, tie their hands by pre-venting them from making common-sense determinations on what is widely acknowledged to be a state of confu-sion about the scope of the law’s pollu-tion control programs? Let the Corps do its job. 
Why are my friends on the other side 
of the aisle trying to weigh down this important funding bill with unneces-sary and partisan policy riders? 
This bill funds essential nuclear pro-
liferation activities—$1.9 million worth—as well as environmental clean-up efforts. We should not be threat-ening the funding to stop the spread of 
nuclear weapons or the preservation of our environment and construction of our harbors just so the Republicans can have a partisan fight over gutting the Clean Water Act or attempting to change our gun laws. 
The American people deserve better. 
The funding of these projects is too im-portant. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, we have an important 
responsibility in budgeting in this in-stitution—again, one that has not been fulfilled, I would argue, in more than a decade, that will be fulfilled this year for the very first time. 
We had a choice in the Budget Com-
mittee. I serve on the Budget Com-mittee as well, Mr. Speaker. We had a choice in the Budget Committee about whether or not we were just going to pretend that we could fund at certain levels or whether we were going to ac-tually follow the law. 
Mr. Speaker, it may not surprise you 
that we have those conversations in Washington; but, yes, the conversation goes: Am I just going to do whatever I want to do? Or am I going to follow the law? 
It is very striking to me that this 
conversation occurs at all. I would have said that that is kind of the defi-nition of the law: you don’t get what-ever you want to do; you have to follow the law. I wish that we could drive that message home across so many different parts of our society. The law is the law. 
The President absolutely sent some 
budget requests to us for these bills, as he will for other appropriations bills, Mr. Speaker. 
In the case of the Energy and Water 
Appropriations bill, the President re-quested a 5 percent increase in that funding. Now, had we passed that 5 per-cent increase without changing the law, we are going to roll around to Oc-tober 1, at the beginning of the fiscal year, and the law is going to snap that 5 percent increase right back down to legally allowed levels. 
The choice we had in the Appropria-
tions Committee—and I so admire my friends on the Appropriations Com-mittee, Mr. Speaker—we had a choice of either pretending we were going to spend a lot of money funding all of our priorities, only to have the law snap those down across the board, or we could be honest about how much money was available and make sure we were prioritizing every single dollar as best we could. 
In the case of Energy and Water, the 
President asked for a 5 percent in-crease. The Appropriations Committee provided a 3 percent increase, as the law allows. In the case of Military Con-struction and the VA, the President asked for just over an 8 percent in-crease. The Appropriations Committee provided a 6 percent increase, as the law allows. I would challenge my friends on the 
other side of the aisle. I would chal-lenge my friends on this side of the aisle, Mr. Speaker. Thirty years ago, two-thirds of what the Federal Govern-ment funded in this country was fund-ed out of this institution. It was funded through the Appropriations Com-mittee. It was this body making deci-sions and choices based on our con-stituents’ needs and desires about how to use taxpayer dollars—not so today. 
Today, it is exactly the opposite; in-
stead of this institution funding two- thirds of the budget and one-third of it being mandatory spending, now, two- thirds is mandatory, and only one- third is available for this body to make decisions about. 
I would challenge my colleagues: 
let’s find that agreement that reforms mandatory spending, as every Member of this Chamber knows needs to hap-pen, and let’s reallocate those dollars to what was designed in the Budget Control Act of 2011 to allow us to fund these discretionary priorities at a high-er level. 
Mr. Speaker, I want to build things. 
I want to build things. For Pete’s sake, in this Energy and Water Development bill, we do. We fund the Corps of Engi-neers in this bill. 
We have the Savannah Harbor expan-
sion project in the great State of Geor-gia. We are the fastest growing con-tainer port in the Nation, Mr. Speak-er—the fastest growing in the Nation— trying to prepare for the new Panamax ships coming through the new Panama Canal. 
The Corps of Engineers tells us that 
in order to maximize the use of tax-payer dollars, in order to make sure that taxpayers get the best bang for their buck on this project of national importance, we need to build it in 6 years, at the rate of $100 million a year. Six years, $100 million a year, is the way we maximize taxpayer dollars. 
This bill funds that project at $21 
million. That is $21 million. We are going to string that project out year after year after year, costing the tax-payer more. 
Now, I don’t blame my friends on the 
Appropriations Committee, Mr. Speak-er. As it turns out, the rules of the House don’t allow us to prioritize those projects. That is what the President asked for. The Appropriations Com-mittee wasn’t able to ask for any more than the President asked for. 
This is the President’s funding level, 
but that is not the right way to appro-priate, and if we could work together to reallocate those dollars, I would do it tomorrow. 
I challenge my friends to find a man-
datory spending reform bill that I will not support. It is critical that we do it. It is critical to our seniors. It is crit-ical to the young people. It is critical to the governance of this Nation. 
But to the degree that I have com-
plaints about this bill, my friends have complaints about this bill, with the passage of this rule, we are going to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:13 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29AP7.011 H29APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2510 April 29, 2015 
allow every single Member to come 
down here and make those improve-ments known. We will have up-or-down votes. Some amendments will lose; some amendments will win. 
We will perfect this bill together. 
That is the way this bill was written, and that is the way this bill will be passed, and that should make us all very proud. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I so 
much enjoy the passion of my good friend from Georgia. I am sure he feels the same as me. He kind of has an ad-vantage over me today, in that he is on the Budget Committee. Happily, I would report to him I brought along some people from the Budget Com-mittee that can take up the slack that I might offer. 
I am delighted at this time to yield 2 
minutes to the distinguished gen-tleman from Kentucky (Mr. Y
ARMUTH ), 
my good friend from the Budget Com-mittee. 
b1315 
Mr. YARMUTH. Mr. Speaker, I ap-
preciate my friend being willing to yield. 
I rise in opposition to this rule which 
deems, as if passed, a budget resolution that, at best, is an economic fantasy and, at worst, does serious damage to our country. 
The rule before us today is further 
proof that our Republican colleagues are continuing to rely on faith-based accounting in this budget. They are closing their eyes and praying that it works. But it doesn’t work. The num-bers don’t add up, and this rule makes those shortcomings clear. 
The funding levels deemed in this 
measure do not meet our moral obliga-tion to move our country forward and help the American people. Not only do they fail to meet the needs of the peo-ple we represent, they fail to meet a basic standard of honest budgeting. 
For example, we know that trickle- 
down economics doesn’t work. We have seen that time and time again, unfor-tunately, in this century. Yet, this rule puts in place funding levels that are supposedly balanced by the unsupportable belief that tax cuts gen-erate more revenue. 
The Republican budget proposals will 
result in dramatic cuts to education, infrastructure, and innovation, cuts to investments that we know we need to prepare our children and grandchildren to lead the world in the new global economy and to grow our economy. 
This deemed budget resolution pre-
tends we can afford more tax cuts for the ultrawealthy who do not need them, while it increases taxes for mid-dle class families that they can’t af-ford. 
This rule deems in place funding lev-
els that will continue to use the over-seas contingency operations account budget line as a slush fund, abandoning the Republicans’ own commitments to maintaining sequester-level spending 
for our national defense, while cutting nearly every program that helps hard-working Americans get ahead. 
At every turn, this measure misses 
the mark in fulfilling our obligation to adequately fund investments that will allow us to continue our economic re-covery. Simply put, this budget falls woefully short. 
I urge my colleagues to oppose the 
funding levels deemed in this rule and ensure that American families will not be forced to work harder and get less. 
Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
I enjoy serving on the Budget Com-
mittee with my friend from Kentucky. The budget is that first step of any ac-counting process for the year, and my friend is absolutely right. 
If we could have, we would have 
passed that budget conference report first thing when we got into town this week. Anybody who is reading the newspaper knows it slowed down in the Senate. We have all the numbers worked out. There are some other issues going on. I won’t bore folks with those details. 
So this rule absolutely does, in the 
name of getting the people’s business done, take those budget levels that have passed in this House, that have passed in the Senate, that are on their way back over here in a conference re-port, and sets those as the funding lev-els for this year. 
Again, these are the levels that exist 
in law. That is the fantasy part of some of our funding debates. I could agree with all my colleagues that we need to triple funding on X, Y, or Z project, but the law won’t allow it. We will pass that on the floor of the House, but as soon as the beginning of the fiscal year rolls around, the law will sequester those dollars, snap that funding back down. 
We have an obligation to prioritize 
these dollars ourselves. Golly, when we 
have tough decisions to be made, I don’t want to leave those tough deci-sions to an automatic sequestration process. I don’t want to leave those tough decisions to some automatic process of law. I want to take responsi-bility for those decisions here. I want us to make these decisions together. 
If we have to grapple with it, let us 
grapple together, but let’s be honest with folks that there is no free lunch here. If we want it, we have to pay for it. 
Now, to my friend from Kentucky’s 
point, we are paying for a lot of it out the overseas contingency operations account. I voted ‘‘no’’ on that decision when it came to the House floor, as my friend from Kentucky did as well. We lost. 
That is the funny thing about this in-
stitution, Mr. Speaker. I told my con-stituents about all the amazing things I was going to get up here to do, I was going to do them on their behalf. It turns out, if I can’t get 217 of my col-leagues up to agree with me, I can’t do squat. We tried and we failed on that ac-
count. So now we have the numbers that we have; we have the bill that we have; we have the law that we have; and as much as we might want it to be different, it isn’t. 
That is why this open rule is so im-
portant, Mr. Speaker, because we have the bill that we have; we have the law that we have; and now we have a proc-ess that allows every Member of this Chamber to come down here and im-prove it. 
We don’t know what it is going to 
look like at the end of the process. It is not a foregone conclusion who has the votes and who doesn’t, and I believe in my heart the bill will be better at the end than it was at the beginning be-cause that is what the collective wis-dom of this institution brings. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, at this 
time I am very pleased to yield 3 min-utes to the gentlewoman from Wis-consin (Ms. M
OORE ), another member of 
the Budget Committee, a dear friend of mine. 
PARLIAMENTARY INQUIRIES  
Ms. MOORE. Mr. Speaker, before I 
start, may I make a parliamentary in-quiry, sir. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tlewoman will state her parliamentary inquiry. 
Ms. MOORE. My inquiry is, has the 
concurrent budget passed? Is it law? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair cannot respond to a parliamen-tary inquiry on a non-pending measure. 
Ms. MOORE. Well, the rule, Mr. 
Speaker, is really clear. It says that the provisions of the House Concurrent Resolution 27, as adopted by the House, shall have the force and effect in the House as though Congress has adopted such concurrent resolution. I am hear-ing that we have adopted it, so have we? 
In order to take up these appropria-
tions bills, we are supposed to have passed that. I am on the budget con-ference committee, and I didn’t recall that we had passed it, sir. 
So I renew my inquiry as to whether 
or not we are operating under a passed budget resolution that has passed. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tlewoman may consult the records of the House for that information. 
Ms. MOORE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in 
opposition to this rule because, once again, here we are with all kinds of flowery notions about the law and so forth, and we are actually deeming this budget as passed. 
As a member of the Budget Con-
ference Committee, I can tell you that the reason for the delay is not because there was an attempt to reach a bipar-tisan agreement. Oh, no. The Demo-cratic budget conferees have been com-pletely shut out of the budget negotia-tion process. 
You would think that without these 
pesky Democrats in the way, it would not have been that hard for the major-ity-controlled House and the Senate to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:13 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29AP7.012 H29APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2511 April 29, 2015 
come up with an agreement of how best 
to shred the social safety net, drive more people into poverty, cut our in-vestments in infrastructure, block grant Medicaid, slash SNAP, end the Affordable Care Act and then, of course, keep the money and the savings from the Affordable Care Act, and take 69 percent of nondefense cuts from low- income and moderate-income families. They could have done it. 
So instead of the majority party gov-
erning, they have resorted to this plan B and deeming the budget as passed. 
Now, you know, this Republican 
budget claims to balance in 10 years, but it doesn’t do it. It gets the savings from the Affordable Care Act, which it eliminates. And also, to appease the war hawks in the Republican caucus, they throw this money into the over-seas contingency operations, also known as a slush fund. 
And in the underlying budget, we see 
the Republican Party doubling down on the same ‘‘cut our way into prosperity’’ approach. That is another charade claiming that block grants are just an-other form of enabling States to have more flexibility. When you hear the word ‘‘flexibility,’’ think massive cuts. It means eviscerating the social safety net. 
So I ask my colleagues to reject this 
rule. 
Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
I know the Speaker is constrained to 
just ruling on parliamentary issues. I have no such constraint here. I can opine on the budget process itself. 
And I would say to my friend that I 
share her frustration. I absolutely do. I have been in this Chamber 4 years. We have had to deem appropriations levels every single year. Not once—not once— have we been able to agree on con-ference budget numbers in the 4 years that I have served in this House. 
Now, for the previous 4 years, I con-
fess, I pointed the finger at the Senate, and I pointed the finger at the Senate’s leader who, at that time, was Senator R
EIDfrom Nevada. Today we have a 
new Senate leader, and I can’t point the finger at the other party. If we can’t get this right, it is my leader in the Senate who can’t get this right. But I believe we are. Mr. Speaker, I be-lieve we are. 
Open up any newspaper, look at any 
report. It was supposed to be done ear-lier this week. We have never had a shot at getting it done in the past. We are on the brink of that agreement. So what is happening here today, far from being an unusual circumstance, is the best we have done in 5 years. 
Now, candidly, that is what I expect 
from new leadership in the Senate. I expect us to do better than we did last year; I expect us to do better than we did 2 years ago; and I expect us to be even better next year than we are this year. The first time in more than a decade, the first time in more than a decade we have had a shot at a gov-erning budget document. But to be fair, Mr. Speaker, I want to 
distinguish between the budget and the law. A lot of folks believe that the budget of the United States becomes the law of the land. It does not. The President never signs the budget of the United States. It is an agreement be-tween the House and the Senate. That distinguishes it from the budget caps and the Budget Control Act, which are absolutely the law of the land, passed by the House and Senate, signed by President Obama. 
So when we talk about what it is 
that we want to see in funding levels, we can decide anything we want to in this Chamber. But the law of the land is not what we decide in our budget document; it is what was decided back in August of 2011 when the budget caps from the Budget Control Act came into being. 
Mr. Speaker, the opportunity to have 
this conference budget agreement, the opportunity to be working from the same sheet of budgeting music on both sides of the Hill, is amazing. I can’t tell you, as a Budget Committee member, how hard we have worked to achieve it and how much I anticipate it. It wasn’t yesterday; so far it is not today; but it is going to be soon. 
I don’t want that to stand in the way 
of getting the people’s business done. We have two great appropriations bills here, again, passed by voice votes out of committee, composed in collabo-rative ways within the Appropriations Committee. These two bills deserve to be heard on the floor of the House; they deserve to be heard this week; and with passage of this rule, they will be. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I am 
very pleased to yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Florida, the great State of Florida (Ms. B
ROWN ), my very, 
very good friend who is an expert in veterans affairs, among other things. 
Ms. BROWN of Florida. Mr. Speaker, 
Members of the House: dead on arrival. You know, you can fool some of the people some of the time, but you can’t fool all of the people all of the time. I rise in strong opposition to this rule and to the Military Construction and Veterans Affairs Appropriations bill. 
After taking a step forward with the 
new Choice Act program, this Repub-lican budget takes two steps back with its cuts in veterans health care. Just another example of Republicans talk-ing the talk but not walking the walk. 
But you don’t have to take my word 
for it. You can ask the veterans service organizations who represent the inter-ests of our veterans. Every last one of them oppose this bill. 
b1330 
The national commander of the Vet-
erans of Foreign Wars said the fol-lowing about the Republicans’ veterans bill: ‘‘The VA cannot fulfill its mission without proper funding, but the House, for whatever reason, now wants to ra-tion care, eliminate infrastructure projects, and stop improving upon the 
programs and services that the VA was created to provide. This bill is bad for veterans, and any vote for it is uncon-scionable.’’ 
We are going to vote on a Republican 
budget later this week that provides more money for the Department of De-fense than the Pentagon requested, while cutting funds for health care and services for every veteran that is re-turning from battle. 
George Washington, the first Presi-
dent of the United States, said: ‘‘The willingness with which our young peo-ple are likely to serve in any war, no matter how justified, shall be directly proportional to how they perceive vet-erans of earlier wars were treated and appreciated by our Nation.’’ 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentlewoman has expired. 
Mr. HASTINGS. I yield the gentle-
woman an additional 1 minute. 
Ms. BROWN of Florida. Sadly, this 
bill truly fails the test of appreciation our veterans deserve. 
Vote ‘‘no’’ on the rule, and vote ‘‘no’’ 
on the Veterans Affairs Appropriations bill, and send this bad legislation back to the drawing board. 
Mr. Speaker, this bill will cut 70,000 
veterans from health care. I can’t imagine any Democrat or any Repub-lican voting for this bill. 
Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
One of the things I love about this in-
stitution is the passion with which folks come to the floor of this House, and so often that passion is directed at improving the services for those who have served us. 
My friend from Florida is absolutely 
right when he said in his opening state-ment that in the Rules Committee last night, the frustration with the VA and in trying to provide accountable serv-ices to our veterans was universal. This is not a partisan issue. Serving those who have served us is an issue that comes from the heart, and it comes from every Member of this Chamber. 
But I will remind all of my friends, if 
you are wondering whether or not we are fulfilling that commitment, this is the bill that this institution passed last year with only one dissenting vote. And this bill increases funding over last year by 6 percent. 
Mr. Speaker, let no man and no 
woman question the commitment of our friends on the Veterans’ Affairs Committee, our friends doing the Mili-tary Construction and VA Appropria-tions bill. I know the commitment to be universal, which is why in a time of budget cuts, which is why in a time of sequestration, which is why in a time when almost every account of the Fed-eral budget is under strain, this ac-count goes not down but up, and up by 6 percent over what this body passed almost unanimously last year. 
With that, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I would 
inquire how much time remains for both sides. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:13 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29AP7.014 H29APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2512 April 29, 2015 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Florida has 91⁄2minutes 
remaining. The gentleman from Geor-gia has 7
1⁄2minutes remaining. 
Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I would 
advise my friend from Georgia that I have no further requests for time, and I am prepared to close. 
Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I am 
also prepared to close. 
Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
I wish to place the Statement of Ad-
ministration Policy, with reference to both these matters, in the R
ECORD . 
STATEMENT OF ADMINISTRATION POLICY  
H.R. 2029—MILITARY CONSTRUCTION AND VET -
ERANS AFFAIRS , AND RELATED AGENCIES AP -
PROPRIATIONS ACT , 2016 
(Rep. Rogers, R–KY, Apr. 28, 2015) 
The Administration strongly opposes 
House passage of H.R. 2029, making appro-priations for military construction, the De-partment of Veterans Affairs, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes. The bill fails to fully fund critical priorities, in-cluding veterans’ medical care and military and VA construction. Furthermore, the leg-islation includes a highly problematic ideo-logical rider that would constrain the Presi-dent’s ability to protect our national secu-rity. If the President were presented with H.R. 2029, his senior advisors would rec-ommend that he veto the bill. 
Moreover, enacting H.R. 2029 while adher-
ing to the congressional Republican budget’s overall spending limits for fiscal year (FY) 2016 would hurt our economy and short-change investments in middle-class prior-ities. Sequestration was never intended to take effect: rather, it was supposed to threaten such drastic cuts to both defense and non-defense funding that policymakers would be motivated to come to the table and reduce the deficit through smart, balanced reforms. The Republican framework would bring base discretionary funding for both de-fense and non-defense for FY 2016 to the low-est real levels in a decade. Compared to the President’s Budget, the cuts would result in tens of thousands of the Nation’s most vul-nerable children losing access to Head Start, more than two million fewer workers receiv-ing job training and employment services, and thousands fewer scientific and medical research awards and grants, adversely im-pacting the pace of discovery and innova-tion, along with other impacts that would hurt the economy, the middle class, and Americans working hard to reach the middle class. 
Maintaining sequestration would also neg-
atively impact programs that provide impor-tant services to our Nation’s veterans and are funded in appropriations bills where House Republicans propose to make even deeper cuts relative to the President’s Budg-et than in H.R. 2029. For example, American Job Centers serve 1.2 million veterans annu-ally, including 300,000 who receive intensive employment services. Transition assistance provides 200,000 service members each year with employment guidance and information as they prepare to enter the civilian work-force. And hundreds of thousands of veterans rely on a wide range of Department of Hous-ing and Urban Development programs for housing support and homeless assistance each year. 
Sequestration levels would also put our na-
tional security at unnecessary risk, not only through pressures on defense spending, but also through pressures on State, USAID, Homeland Security, and other non-defense programs that help keep us safe. More broad-
ly, the strength of our economy and the se-curity of our Nation are linked. That is why the President has been clear that he is not willing to lock in sequestration going for-ward, nor will he accept fixes to defense without also fixing non-defense. 
The President’s senior advisors would rec-
ommend that he veto H.R. 2029 and any other legislation that implements the current Re-publican budget framework, which blocks the investments we need for our economy to compete in the future. The Administration looks forward to working with the Congress to reverse sequestration for defense and non- defense priorities and to offset the cost with commonsense spending and tax expenditure cuts, as Members of Congress from both par-ties have urged. 
The Administration would like to take this 
opportunity to share additional views re-garding the Committee’s version of the bill. 
Veterans Affairs Medical Care. The Admin-
istration appreciates the Committee’s sup-port for our Nation’s veterans; however, the Administration objects to the Committee’s overall $585 million reduction to the FY 2016 Veterans Affairs (VA) Medical Care request. If enacted, this reduction would negatively impact medical care services for tens of thousands of veterans and reduce VA’s abil-ity to activate new and replacement facili-ties with sufficient staff and equipment and to adequately maintain facility infrastruc-ture. 
Veterans Affairs Construction. The Admin-
istration objects to the Committee’s $582 million reduction to the FY 2016 VA major construction request. This reduction would prevent building upgrades and renovations, including necessary expansions to medical facilities and national cemeteries that would improve services to our veterans. The bill would significantly constrain VA’s ability to make progress on its highest priority capital projects. 
Other Veterans Affairs Reductions. The 
Administration also objects to the Commit-tee’s other reductions to the overall VA re-quest, including $159 million in reductions for employee awards, bonuses, and the Presi-dent’s proposed 1.3 percent pay raise for Fed-eral employees. As VA attempts to enhance staffing to deliver better care to veterans, these reductions will hinder the Depart-ment’s ability to recruit and retain per-sonnel critical to the provision of benefits and services to veterans The Administration urges the Congress to provide the proposed 1.3 percent pay increase for Federal civilian employees. 
Military Construction. The Administration 
objects to the Committee’s underfunding of military construction in the President’s FY 2016 base defense budget by $1.3 billion, which will delay or defer projects that serve critical needs for members of our Armed Forces and their families. The projects re-quested in the FY 2016 Budget reflect the highest priority projects for the Department of Defense, and the Administration requests full funding for each project. 
Overseas Contingency Operations (OCO) 
Funds. The Administration strongly objects to the Committee’s use of $532 million of OCO funds intended for wars and not subject to the budget caps to pay for long-term in-frastructure investments. Shifting long-term defense costs to OCO is bad budget policy and bad defense policy, since it undermines long-term planning. Moreover, the Adminis-tration has made clear that it will not ac-cept attempts to fix defense without non-defense by using OCO as a mechanism to evade the defense budget cap. 
Detainee Matters. The Administration 
strongly objects to section 512 of the bill, which prohibits the use of funds to con-struct, renovate, or expand any facility in 
the United States to house individuals held in the detention facility at Guantanamo Bay. This provision would constrain the flexibility that the Nation’s Armed Forces and counterterrorism professionals need to best protect U.S. national security, intrud-ing upon the Executive Branch’s ability to carry out its mission. 
The Administration looks forward to work-
ing with the Congress as the FY 2016 appro-priations process moves forward. 
STATEMENT OF ADMINISTRATION POLICY  
H.R. 2028—ENERGY AND WATER DEVELOPMENT  
AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS  
ACT, 2016 
(Rep. Rogers, R–KY, Apr. 28, 2015) 
The Administration strongly opposes 
House passage of H.R. 2028, making appro-priations for energy and water development, and related agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2016, and for other pur-poses. The bill drastically underfunds crit-ical investments that develop American en-ergy sources to build a clean and secure en-ergy future; develop and commercialize the emerging technologies that create high-qual-ity jobs and enhance the Nation’s economic competitiveness; and improve resilience against current and ongoing climate impacts that threaten our economy, public health, and natural resources. As a result, it would put at risk U.S. competitiveness in new mar-kets for clean energy industries such as ad-vanced vehicles, advanced manufacturing, energy efficiency for homes and businesses, and domestic renewable energy such as wind, solar, and biomass. It would also harm ef-forts to implement the President’s nuclear strategy and advance counter-proliferation objectives. Furthermore, the legislation in-cludes highly problematic ideological riders, including provisions that threaten to under-mine our ability to protect a resource that is essential to America’s health: clean water. If the President were presented with H.R. 2028, his senior advisors would recommend that he veto the bill. 
In addition, enacting H.R. 2028, while ad-
hering to the congressional Republican budg-et’s overall spending limits for fiscal year (FY) 2016 would hurt our economy and short-change investments in middle-class prior-ities. Sequestration was never intended to take effect: rather, it was supposed to threaten such drastic cuts to both defense and non-defense funding that policymakers would be motivated to come to the table and reduce the deficit through smart, balanced reforms. The Republican framework would bring base discretionary funding for both de-fense and non-defense for FY 2016 to the low-est real levels in a decade. Compared to the President’s Budget, the cuts would result in tens of thousands of the Nation’s most vul-nerable children losing access to Head Start, more than two million fewer workers receiv-ing job training and employment services, and thousands fewer scientific and medical 
research awards and grants, adversely im-pacting the pace of discovery and innova-tion, along with other impacts that would hurt the economy, the middle class, and Americans working hard to reach the middle class. 
Sequestration levels would also put our na-
tional security at unnecessary risk, not only through pressures on defense spending, but also through pressures on State, USAID, Homeland Security, and other non-defense programs that help keep us safe. More broad-ly, the strength of our economy and the se-curity of our Nation are linked. That is why the President has been clear that he is not willing to lock in sequestration going for-ward, nor will he accept fixes to defense without also fixing non-defense. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:13 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29AP7.015 H29APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2513 April 29, 2015 
The President’s senior advisors would rec-
ommend that he veto H.R. 2028 and any other legislation that implements the current Re-publican budget framework, which blocks the investments needed for our economy to compete in the future. The Administration looks forward to working with the Congress to reverse sequestration for defense and non- defense priorities and offset the cost with commonsense spending and tax expenditure cuts, as Members of Congress from both par-ties have urged. 
The Administration would like to take this 
opportunity to share additional views re-garding the Committee’s version of the bill. 
DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY (DOE)  
Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable 
Energy. The Administration strongly objects to the $1.6 billion provided in the bill for the Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy. Overall this level is $1.1 billion below the FY 2016 Budget request. Relative to the FY 2016 Budget request, the bill re-duces funding for renewable energy by 49 per-cent, sustainable transportation by 35 per-cent, and energy efficiency by 40 percent. The proposed reductions significantly underfund critical activities that support the development and commercialization of clean energy technologies. At this funding level, the number of research, development, and demonstration projects supported in co-operation with industry, universities, and the national labs would be reduced, limiting innovation and technological advancement, curtailing solutions to cut U.S. dependence on oil and reduce energy waste, and under-mining the Nation’s industrial competitive-ness in the future global clean energy econ-omy. The Congress is urged to fully fund the FY 2016 Budget request of $2.7 billion. The Administration is also disappointed that the bill does not include transfer language nec-essary to support joint efforts with the Navy and the Department of Agriculture to de-velop advanced drop-in biofuels for military applications, a provision included in the FY 2015 enacted bill. 
Advanced Research Projects Agency-En-
ergy (ARPA-E). The Administration objects to the $280 million provided in the bill for ARPA-E, which is $45 million below the FY 2016 Budget request. This funding reduction would impact investments and delay im-provements in technologies that reduce en-ergy-related emissions, increase energy effi-ciency across multiple economic sectors, and reduce energy imports. 
Fossil Energy and Nuclear Energy. The Ad-
ministration notes that the bill includes funding above the FY 2016 Budget request in some areas that are already well established in the market, including for nuclear and fos-sil energy, and yet makes drastic reductions in those that are most crucial to the Na-tion’s clean energy future and continued U.S. technology leadership. The Administra-tion encourages the Congress to fund DOE’s energy programs at the requested level, as this balances the portfolio among items of short, medium, and long-term progress and promotes U.S. leadership in these technology areas. 
Office of Science. While the Administra-
tion appreciates the Committee’s support for the Office of Science, the level of funding provided, which is $240 million below the FY 2016 Budget request, is insufficient to main-tain U.S. leadership in high performance computing as the United States moves into capable exascale systems to support dis-covery science, national security, and eco-nomic competitiveness. 
Disposition of Weapons-Usable Plutonium. 
The Administration objects to language in the bill that requires the Secretary of En-ergy to continue construction of the Mixed Oxide Fuel Fabrication Facility. This lan-
guage is unnecessarily restrictive and would preclude alternative, and potentially more cost-effective, approaches to implementing U.S. commitments in the 2000 Plutonium Management and Disposition Agreement and its 2010 annex to dispose of excess weapons plutonium. DOE contracted for an inde-pendent validation of costs for plutonium disposition alternatives in accordance with congressional mandates. The results of that analysis will inform the Administration’s ap-proach to plutonium disposition. Informa-tion on the first phase of that analysis was provided to the Congress on April 21st. 
Strategic Petroleum Reserve (SPR). The 
Administration opposes the $212 million level provided for SPR. In addition to base program activities, the FY 2016 Budget re-quest of $257 million includes resources to fund timely replacement of equipment and physical systems, to begin to address the backlog of deferred maintenance activities, and to enhance distribution flexibility and reliability. 
Energy Information Administration (EIA). 
The Administration urges the Congress to fully fund the FY 2016 Budget request of $131 million for EIA to support expanded domes-tic energy data and analysis, address critical energy data gaps (including monthly move-ments of crude oil by rail), and increase inte-gration of EIA energy data with Canada and Mexico. 
Yucca Mountain. The Administration ob-
jects to the funding provided in the bill for Yucca Mountain and is disappointed with the rejection of the practical solutions proposed in the President’s nuclear waste strategy. As reflected in the FY 2016 Budget request, this strategy incorporates important and work-able elements, such as consent-based siting, interim storage of waste, and program fund-ing reforms that are essential to the success of a Nuclear Waste Program. 
Nuclear Regulatory Commission, Yucca 
Mountain. The Administration objects to the funding provided in the bill for the Nuclear Regulatory Commission to continue adju-dication of the Yucca Mountain license ap-plication. 
Office of the Federal Coordinator (OFC) for 
Alaska Natural Gas Transportation Projects. The Administration appreciates full funding for the OFC at the level of the FY 2016 Budg-et request, but is disappointed that the stat-utory amendment proposed in the FY 2016 Budget request is not included. The amend-ment is critical to the OFC’s ability to fulfill its mission under current market conditions, which have changed the nature of projects being proposed. 
CORPS OF ENGINEERS —CIVIL WORKS (CORPS)  
Overall Funding. The bill provides nearly 
$5.6 billion for the Corps civil works pro-gram. The Administration believes the more appropriate overall funding levels proposed in the FY 2016 Budget request would limit wasteful spending on projects that provide a low or marginal return to the Nation and would avoid reductions in other priority areas, such as protecting the Nation’s water resources and important investments in clean energy technologies. 
Corps Regulatory Program. The Adminis-
tration encourages the Congress to fund the Corps regulatory program at the requested level. A $5 million reduction in funding would inhibit the Corps’ ability to issue per-mits in a timely manner and to protect im-portant aquatic resources, while undertaking needed programmatic improvements, includ-ing implementation of the pending Clean Water rulemaking. 
Clean Water Act (C WA). The Administra-
tion believes that the CWA riders in the bill undermine efforts to protect America’s clean water resources, which are critical to Amer-
ican families and businesses. The Adminis-tration strongly objects to section 105 of the bill in particular, which would disrupt the Administration’s current efforts to clarify the scope of CWA, hamstring future regu-latory efforts, and create significant ambi-guity regarding existing regulations and guidance. 
Firearms Policy. The Administration ob-
jects to section 107 of the bill, which pro-hibits the Corps from enforcing its ban on 
firearms at a water resources development project. If enacted, this provision would pre-vent the Secretary of the Army from using the discretion now provided in law to enforce or revise the current Corps policy, based on considerations such as the security of crit-ical infrastructure, public and employee safety, and the manner in which the firearm is carried (e.g., open vs. concealed). Corps rangers are not authorized to carry firearms and do not have full Federal law enforcement authority. 
National Ocean Policy. The Administra-
tion objects to section 505 of the bill, which prohibits any funding provided in the bill from being used to implement the marine planning components of the National Ocean Policy. This rider would prohibit DOE and the Corps from participating in marine and coastal planning efforts, a process to better determine how the ocean, the Nation’s coasts, and the Great Lakes are managed in an efficient manner. 
DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR , BUREAU OF  
RECLAMATION AND CENTRAL UTAH PROJECT  
Overall Funding. The bill provides nearly 
$1.1 billion for the Bureau of Reclamation and $9.9 million for the Central Utah Project. The Administration appreciates the Commit-tee’s support for the Bureau of Reclamation water resources program. 
The Administration looks forward to work-
ing with the Congress as the FY 2016 appro-priations process moves forward. 
Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, while I 
am pleased with the level of support provided in these pieces of legislation for essential military, veterans, de-fense, and water resources programs, they should not serve as vehicles to make substantive policy changes to our Nation’s gun laws or gut important environmental protections; nor should we stand idly by while Republicans in Congress slash funding for critically important veterans and military serv-ices under the guise of a spending in-crease. 
Now, Mr. Speaker, one of the things 
that I talked about last night, I offered an amendment that would self-execute to the rule that would strike section 107 from the Energy and Water Appro-priations bill. This is one of the riders in H.R. 2028 that would allow guns to be carried on Army Corps land. 
If enacted in its current form, this 
legislation would strip the Secretary of the Army from using the discretion currently provided to enforce or revise the Corps’ policy prohibiting firearms on Corps land. 
Removing the discretionary powers 
from law enforcement officials that allow them to determine what is best for the security of our Nation’s infra-structure and the safety of public em-ployees, in my judgment, is dangerous and wrong. 
Substantive changes to our gun laws 
do not belong in an appropriations bill. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:13 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29AP7.006 H29APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2514 April 29, 2015 
And that could not have happened but 
for a waiver, which my friends tend to do for a variety of measures, and they wind up being poison pills in sub-stantive legislation. 
While I believe in the right of Ameri-
cans to own firearms, last night I made it very clear: I own a gun. When I was a child, at age 7, I had a BB gun. When I was 12 years old, I had a single-shot rifle. And I was taught, as were all of my friends, to not point those guns at people unless you intended to do them harm. 
We, as boys, had the same kinds of 
fights that I imagine occur at any of our institutions. But not one of us would run home and get a gun or carry a gun. To proliferate this society with the variety of gun laws that exist, where people can carry guns openly on Corps land or concealed in certain other States, that is just plain crazy. 
Last night, I referenced a statement 
by then-Surgeon General Satcher that I used again today: ‘‘Youth violence is an epidemic.’’ He delivered that in re-sponse to a report he commissioned in the year 2002. At the time, his study re-vealed that 13 children each day died as a result of guns. 
Indeed, the gun violence epidemic 
that plagues our Nation has not dimin-ished in recent years. In Riviera Beach last week, a child 2 years old was shot. In the same constituency that I am privileged to serve, a mother was fa-tally shot by her 3-year-old that got her gun from her purse. 
People, we need to pay attention to 
what is going on. And I intend in May to raise this issue in this body and around this Nation so that people can learn just how many people are dying in this way. 
I want to make it very, very clear. 
The National Rifle Association does not control this body nor the Florida Legislature nor any other body. As I said, I don’t mind arguing for the Sec-ond Amendment. But to carry it to the extent that it has gone is just plain wrong. Everybody in our society knows that, and I am going to try to make sure that they continue to know that. 
Now, there is another thing about 
this bill. It locks in sequestration. The administration speaks to that subject in their Statement of Administration Policy. 
The Republican framework would 
bring base discretionary funding for both defense and nondefense to the lowest levels in a decade. Compared to the President’s budget, the cuts would result in tens of thousands of the Na-tion’s most vulnerable children losing 
access to Head Start; more than 2 mil-lion fewer workers receiving job train-ing and employment services; and thousands fewer scientific and medical research awards and grants, adversely impacting the pace of discovery, any innovation, along with other impacts that would hurt the economy, the mid-dle class, and Americans working hard to reach the middle class. 
Sequestration levels were never 
meant to put us in this unnecessary risk, and I would urge that we not go 
forward in this manner. 
I would say to my good friend from 
Georgia that we may be on the brink of what excites him—and it would excite me as well—if we got ourselves a bal-anced budget, but a part of that has gimmickry in it as well. It is done on the reconciliation because the great majority of people over in the other body may not have the same sentiment as some who serve on the relevant com-mittee at this point in time in the U.S. Senate. 
Cliche allows that Yogi Berra be uti-
lized here; that is, ‘‘It ain’t over ’til it’s over.’’ 
I was told last week that we were 
going to pass this thing, that it was going to come back from the Senate on Wednesday. Last time I looked, this was Wednesday. Or as my daddy used to say, It is Wednesday all day long un-less it rains. I never did know what would happen if it rained. I guess it would just be a rainy Wednesday. 
But it ain’t here Wednesday. And 
now I am hearing from my good friend from Georgia that they are close. That is what happened when we set up this thing with this special committee, superpeople, supercommittee that was supposed to bring us back a budget, and then missed out on opportunities with Erskine Bowles and brought us back this sequestration that has this body hamstrung and has us in the posi-tion of allowing that authorizers and appropriators are locked into the posi-tion that they are in because of seques-tration. 
We need to get rid of that. We need to 
return to earmarks. We need to do a number of things that will allow for this body—and not for the bureauc-racy—to control many aspects of what is the implementation of policy that is made here. 
Mr. Speaker, I oppose this rule. I 
have stated a number of reasons. I will not go into every one of the riders. There are others, and I am sure people are going to speak about them. But I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on the rule. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, my friend from Florida 
says, It’s not over ’til it’s over. 
I say to my friend, it is only just be-
ginning. It is only just beginning with this rule today. With the passage of this rule today, Mr. Speaker, we are be-ginning the 2016 appropriations proc-ess. And we are doing it in ways that we have not done before since I re-ceived a voting card in this body. 
Number one, we are beginning at the 
earliest date in 40 years. Not since 1973 has this Chamber gotten about the peo-ple’s business as early as we are this year. The people deserve it. The people have earned it. And we are delivering on it today. I am proud of that fact. 
Number two, Mr. Speaker, we are, in 
fact, on the brink of the first balanced budget conference report this body has seen since 2003. It is too long coming. We have had to deem appropriations 
levels year after year after year, not on just two bills, as we are today, but on the entire package. That report could be filed as early as this afternoon, and there is no question but that it is going to pass both of these bodies. It is good work from this institution and the Senate across the Hill. 
But, Mr. Speaker, as you could hear 
in the passion in my friend from Flor-ida’s voice, not everyone is going to be happy with every line in these two bills. 
b1345 
I don’t have to just look to the 
Democratic side of the aisle. I can look to the Republican side of the aisle. Not everyone is going to be happy with every line of this bill; but do you know what, any Member can come and change any line. 
The Rules Committee protected no 
language in this bill. Any Member can come and change any line. Any Mem-ber can come and make these bills bet-ter. Any Member can come and have their district’s voice heard. All you have to do is find 217 of your friends to agree with you; we will pass it, and we will send it to the United States Sen-ate for consideration. 
Mr. Speaker, that is the way it ought 
to be. These are going to be some long nights we are going to have; these are going to be some lengthy amendment debates we are going to have; these are going to be some vote-a-ramas we are going to have, but America is going to be the better for it because the laws of the land that we pass are going to be better for it. 
I have the Statement of Administra-
tion Policy here, Mr. Speaker. I have one for each one of the bills that this rule makes in order. The President has said in these Statements of Adminis-tration Policy that his senior advisers are going to recommend that he veto these bills. Why? It is because these bills and other legislation implement the current Republican budget frame-work which blocks the needed invest-ments for our economy to compete in the future. 
Mr. Speaker, it is not the Republican 
budget framework. It is called the law of the land as signed by President Barack Obama. We can pretend the law doesn’t exist, or we can confront the law as it exists. That is what these bills do, a 6 percent increase in vet-erans funding and a 3 percent increase in our energy and water investment. In a time of austere budgets, we are plussing up those accounts that are so important to our constituents back home. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge strong support 
for this rule, I urge strong support for the underlying bills, and I urge strong support for beginning the process where every single Member will be able to have his or her voice heard. 
It is the way this institution ought 
to be, and it is the way this institution will be if we pass this rule today. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:13 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29AP7.016 H29APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2515 April 29, 2015 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time, and I move the previous question on the resolution. 
The previous question was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the resolution. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, on that 
I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, this 15- minute vote on adoption of the resolu-tion will be followed by a 5-minute vote on the motion to suspend the rules and pass H.R. 651. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 240, nays 186, not voting 5, as follows: 
[Roll No. 176] 
YEAS—240 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett 
Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers 
Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden 
Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman 
Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—186 
Adams 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi 
Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan 
Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger 
Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—5 
Chaffetz 
Cleaver Cummings 
Engel Royce 
b1415 
Messrs. PETERSON, MOULTON, and 
Ms. KAPTUR changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ 
Mr. BROOKS of Alabama changed his 
vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ 
So the resolution was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. b1415 
MOMENT OF SILENCE FOR THE 
VICTIMS OF THE NEPAL EARTH-QUAKE 
(Mr. ROSKAM asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Speaker, on Sat-
urday, April 25, a 7.8 magnitude earth-quake hit Nepal—the most powerful earthquake in the region in nearly a century. Estimates are that 5,000 peo-ple have perished and that thousands more are injured or are missing. 
This week, here in Washington, the 
House Democracy Partnership is hosting a multilateral conference, which includes a delegation of par-liamentary staff from Nepal. 
On behalf of Congressman P
RICE, who 
leads the House Democracy Partner-ship with me, and Congressman C
REN-
SHAW and Congressman P OLIS, who 
chair the Congressional Nepal Caucus, we wish to extend the condolences of the House to the people of Nepal and pledge our continued support and co-operation as they embark on the long road of rebuilding and recovery. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask that Members of 
the House now rise and observe a mo-ment of silence in solidarity with the people of Nepal. 
f 
SISTER ANN KEEFE POST OFFICE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without 
objection, 5-minute voting will con-tinue. 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-
finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 651) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service lo-cated at 820 Elmwood Avenue in Provi-dence, Rhode Island, as the ‘‘Sister Ann Keefe Post Office’’, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Georgia (J
ODY B. 
HICE) that the House suspend the rules 
and pass the bill. 
This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 423, nays 0, not voting 8, as follows: 
[Roll No. 177] 
YEAS—423 
Abraham 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (MI) 
Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan 
Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:13 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29AP7.018 H29APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2516 April 29, 2015 
Chaffetz 
Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Duffy 
Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hahn 
Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) 
King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern 
McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) 
Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin 
Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) 
Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine 
Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—8 
Bishop (GA) 
Cleaver Engel Griffith 
Loebsack Quigley Royce 
Smith (TX) 
b1425 
So (two-thirds being in the affirma-
tive) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
CONFERENCE REPORT ON S. CON. 
RES. 11, CONCURRENT RESOLU-TION ON THE BUDGET, FISCAL YEAR 2016 
Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia sub-
mitted the following conference report and statement on the concurrent reso-lution (S. Con. Res. 11) setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budg-etary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025: 
CONFERENCE REPORT (H. R EPT. 114–96) 
The committee of conference on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses on the amendment of the House to the concurrent resolution (S. Con. Res. 11), setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025, having met, after full and free conference, have agreed to recommend and do recommend to their re-spective Houses as follows: 
That the Senate recede from its disagree-
ment to the amendment of the House and agree to the same with an amendment as fol-lows: 
In lieu of the matter proposed to be in-
serted by the House amendment, insert the following: 
SECTION 1. CONCURRENT RESOLUTION ON THE 
BUDGET FOR FISCAL YEAR 2016. 
(a) D ECLARATION .—Congress declares that this 
concurrent resolution is the concurrent resolu-tion on the budget for fiscal year 2016 and that this concurrent resolution sets forth the appro-priate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025. 
(b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-
tents for this concurrent resolution is as follows: 
Sec. 1. Concurrent resolution on the budget for 
fiscal year 2016. TITLE I—RECOMMENDED LEVELS AND 
AMOUNTS 
Subtitle A—Budgetary Levels in Both Houses 
Sec. 1101. Recommended levels and amounts. 
Sec. 1102. Major functional categories. 
Subtitle B—Levels and Amounts in the Senate 
Sec. 1201. Social Security in the Senate. 
Sec. 1202. Postal Service discretionary adminis-
trative expenses in the Senate. 
TITLE II—RECONCILIATION 
Sec. 2001. Reconciliation in the Senate. 
Sec. 2002. Reconciliation in the House of Rep-
resentatives. 
TITLE III—BUDGET ENFORCEMENT 
Subtitle A—Budget Enforcement in Both Houses 
Sec. 3101. Point of order against increasing 
long-term deficits or direct spend-ing. 
Sec. 3102. Allocation for Overseas Contingency 
Operations/Global War on Ter-rorism. 
Sec. 3103. Point of order against certain 
changes in mandatory programs. 
Sec. 3104. Point of order against provisions that 
constitute changes in mandatory programs affecting the Crime Vic-tims Fund. 
Sec. 3105. Fair-value credit estimates. Sec. 3106. Scoring rule for currency moderniza-
tion. 
Sec. 3107. Long-term scoring of changes in 
spending limits and extension of highway programs. 
Sec. 3108. Requiring clearer reporting of pro-
jected Federal spending and defi-cits. 
Sec. 3109. Congressional Budget Office esti-
mates of measures with significant outlay effects. 
Sec. 3110. Prohibiting the use of guarantee fees 
as an offset. 
Sec. 3111. Information for Congress and the 
public about projected Federal outlays, revenues, and deficits. 
Sec. 3112. Honest accounting: cost estimates for 
major legislation to incorporate macroeconomic effects. 
Subtitle B—Budget Enforcement in the Senate 
Sec. 3201. Extension of enforcement of budg-
etary points of order in the Sen-ate. 
Sec. 3202. Point of order against advance ap-
propriations in the Senate. 
Sec. 3203. Supermajority enforcement of un-
funded mandates in the Senate. 
Sec. 3204. Repeal of Senate point of order 
against certain reconciliation leg-islation. 
Sec. 3205. Prohibition on agreeing to legislation 
without a score in the Senate. 
Sec. 3206. Protecting the savings in reported 
reconciliation bills in the Senate. 
Sec. 3207. Scoring rule for certain energy con-
tracts in the Senate. 
Sec. 3208. Adjustment for wildfire suppression 
funding in the Senate. 
Subtitle C—Budget Enforcement in the House of 
Representatives 
Sec. 3301. Limitation on measures affecting So-
cial Security solvency in the House of Representatives. 
Sec. 3302. Limitation on transfers from the gen-
eral fund of the Treasury to the Highway Trust Fund in the House of Representatives. 
Sec. 3303. Adjustments for improved control of 
budgetary resources in the House of Representatives. 
Sec. 3304. Limitation on advance appropria-
tions in the House of Representa-tives. 
Sec. 3305. Certain energy contracts in the 
House of Representatives. 
Subtitle D—Other Provisions 
Sec. 3401. Submission of findings for the elimi-
nation of waste, fraud, and abuse. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:13 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6343 E:\CR\FM\A29AP7.004 H29APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2517 April 29, 2015 
Sec. 3402. Budgetary treatment of administra-
tive expenses. 
Sec. 3403. Application and effect of changes in 
allocations and aggregates. 
Sec. 3404. Adjustments to reflect changes in 
concepts and definitions. 
Sec. 3405. Exercise of rulemaking powers. 
TITLE IV—RESERVE FUNDS 
Subtitle A—Reserve Funds in Both Houses 
Sec. 4101. Deficit-neutral reserve fund to reduce 
poverty and increase opportunity and upward mobility for strug-gling Americans. 
Subtitle B—Reserve Funds in the Senate 
Sec. 4301. Spending-neutral reserve fund to in-
crease the pace of economic growth and private sector job cre-ation in the United States. 
Sec. 4302. Deficit-neutral reserve fund to 
strengthen America’s priorities. 
Sec. 4303. Deficit-neutral reserve fund to pro-
tect flexible and affordable health care choices for all. 
Sec. 4304. Deficit-neutral reserve fund for im-
proving access to the State Chil-dren’s Health Insurance Program. 
Sec. 4305. Deficit-neutral reserve fund for other 
health reforms. 
Sec. 4306. Deficit-neutral reserve fund for child 
welfare. 
Sec. 4307. Deficit-neutral reserve fund for vet-
erans and servicemembers. 
Sec. 4308. Deficit-neutral reserve fund for tax 
reform and administration. 
Sec. 4309. Deficit-neutral reserve fund to invest 
in the infrastructure in America. 
Sec. 4310. Deficit-neutral reserve fund for air 
transportation. 
Sec. 4311. Deficit-neutral reserve fund to pro-
mote jobs in the United States through international trade. 
Sec. 4312. Deficit-neutral reserve fund to in-
crease employment opportunities for disabled workers. 
Sec. 4313. Deficit-neutral reserve fund for High-
er Education Act reform. 
Sec. 4314. Spending-neutral reserve fund for en-
ergy legislation. 
Sec. 4315. Deficit-neutral reserve fund to reform 
environmental statutes. 
Sec. 4316. Spending-neutral reserve fund for 
water resources legislation. 
Sec. 4317. Spending-neutral reserve fund on 
mineral security and mineral rights. 
Sec. 4318. Spending-neutral reserve fund to re-
form the abandoned mine lands program. 
Sec. 4319. Spending-neutral reserve fund to im-
prove forest health. 
Sec. 4320. Spending-neutral reserve fund to re-
authorize funding for payments in lieu of taxes to counties and other units of local government. 
Sec. 4321. Spending-neutral reserve fund for fi-
nancial regulatory system reform. 
Sec. 4322. Deficit-neutral reserve fund to im-
prove Federal program adminis-tration. 
Sec. 4323. Spending-neutral reserve fund to im-
plement agreements with freely associated states. 
Sec. 4324. Spending-neutral reserve fund to pro-
tect payments to rural hospitals and create sustainable access for rural communities. 
Sec. 4325. Spending-neutral reserve fund to en-
courage State medicaid dem-onstration programs to promote independent living and integrated work for the disabled. 
Sec. 4326. Spending-neutral reserve fund to 
allow pharmacists to be paid for the provision of services under Medicare. 
Sec. 4327. Spending-neutral reserve fund to im-
prove our Nation’s community health centers. Sec. 4328. Spending-neutral reserve fund relat-
ing to the funding of independent agencies, which may include sub-jecting the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau to the regular appropriations process. 
Sec. 4329. Deficit-neutral reserve fund to re-
form, improve, and enhance 529 college savings plans. 
Sec. 4330. Deficit-neutral reserve fund relating 
to securing overseas diplomatic facilities of the United States. 
Sec. 4331. Deficit-neutral reserve fund relating 
to expanding, enhancing, or oth-erwise improving science, tech-nology, engineering, and mathe-matics. 
Sec. 4332. Deficit-neutral reserve fund relating 
to promoting manufacturing in the United States. 
Sec. 4333. Spending-neutral reserve fund to pro-
hibit aliens without legal status in the United States from qualifying for a refundable tax credit. 
Sec. 4334. Deficit-reduction reserve fund for re-
port elimination or modification. 
Sec. 4335. Deficit-neutral reserve fund to ad-
dress heroin, methamphetamine, and prescription opioid abuse. 
Sec. 4336. Deficit-neutral reserve fund to 
strengthen our Department of De-fense civilian workforce. 
Sec. 4337. Deficit-neutral reserve fund for De-
partment of Defense reform. 
Sec. 4338. Deficit-neutral reserve fund to im-
prove Federal workforce develop-ment, job training, and reemploy-ment programs. 
Sec. 4339. Deficit-neutral reserve fund to pro-
vide energy assistance and invest in energy efficiency and conserva-tion. 
Sec. 4340. Deficit-neutral reserve fund to end 
Operation Choke Point and pro-tect the Second Amendment. 
Sec. 4341. Deficit-neutral reserve fund to pre-
vent the use of Federal funds for the bailout of improvident State and local governments. 
Sec. 4342. Deficit-neutral reserve fund to im-
prove health outcomes and lower the costs of caring for medically complex children in Medicaid. 
Sec. 4343. Deficit-neutral reserve fund to main-
tain and enhance access, choice, and accountability in veterans care through the Veterans Choice Card program. 
Sec. 4344. Deficit-neutral reserve fund relating 
to promoting equal pay. 
Sec. 4345. Deficit-neutral reserve fund relating 
to legislation submitted to Con-
gress by the President of the United States to protect and strengthen Social Security. 
Sec. 4346. Deficit-neutral reserve fund relating 
to a simplified income-driven stu-dent loan repayment option. 
Sec. 4347. Spending-neutral reserve fund relat-
ing to keeping the Federal Water Pollution Control Act focused on the protection of water quality. 
Sec. 4348. Deficit-neutral reserve fund relating 
to supporting Israel. 
Sec. 4349. Deficit-neutral reserve fund relating 
to family and medical leave. 
Sec. 4350. Deficit-neutral reserve fund relating 
to providing health care to vet-erans who have geographic inac-cessibility to care. 
Sec. 4351. Deficit-neutral reserve fund relating 
to increasing access to higher edu-cation for low-income Americans through the Federal Pell Grant program. 
Sec. 4352. Deficit-neutral reserve fund relating 
to transparency in health pre-mium billing. Sec. 4353. Deficit-neutral reserve fund relating 
to carbon emissions. 
Sec. 4354. Spending-neutral reserve fund relat-
ing to requiring the Federal Gov-ernment to allow states to opt out of Common Core without penalty. 
Sec. 4355. Spending-neutral reserve fund relat-
ing to the disposal of certain Fed-eral land. 
Sec. 4356. Spending-neutral reserve fund relat-
ing to prohibiting funding of international organizations dur-ing the implementation of the United Nations Arms Trade Trea-ty prior to Senate ratification and adoption of implementing legisla-tion. 
Sec. 4357. Deficit-neutral reserve fund relating 
to reimposing waived sanctions and imposing new sanctions against Iran for violations of the Joint Plan of Action or a com-prehensive nuclear agreement. 
Sec. 4358. Deficit-neutral reserve fund relating 
to supporting United States citi-zens held hostage in the United States embassy in Tehran, Iran, between November 3, 1979, and January 20, 1981. 
Sec. 4359. Deficit-neutral reserve fund relating 
to reasonable accommodations for pregnant workers. 
Sec. 4360. Deficit-neutral reserve fund to per-
manently eliminate the Federal estate tax. 
Sec. 4361. Deficit-neutral reserve fund relating 
to regulation by the Environ-mental Protection Agency of greenhouse gas emissions. 
Sec. 4362. Deficit-neutral reserve fund relating 
to protecting privately held water rights and permits. 
Sec. 4363. Spending-neutral reserve fund relat-
ing to prohibiting awarding of construction contracts based on awardees entering or not entering into agreements with labor orga-nizations. 
Sec. 4364. Deficit-neutral reserve fund to pre-
vent American jobs from being moved overseas by reducing the corporate income tax rate. 
Sec. 4365. Deficit-neutral reserve fund to in-
crease wages for American work-ers. 
Sec. 4366. Deficit-neutral reserve fund relating 
to deterring the migration of un-accompanied children from El Sal-vador, Guatemala, and Honduras. 
Sec. 4367. Spending-neutral reserve fund relat-
ing to ensuring proper economic consideration in designation of critical habitat. 
Sec. 4368. Deficit-neutral reserve fund to end 
‘‘too big to fail’’ bailouts for Wall Street mega-banks (over $500 bil-lion in total assets). 
Sec. 4369. Deficit-neutral reserve fund relating 
to ending Washington’s illegal ex-emption from the Patient Protec-tion and Affordable Care Act. 
Sec. 4370. Spending-neutral reserve fund relat-
ing to increasing funding for the relocation of the United States Embassy in Israel from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem. 
Sec. 4371. Deficit-neutral reserve fund relating 
to promoting the return of chil-dren who have been legally adopt-ed by United States citizens from the Democratic Republic of the Congo. 
Sec. 4372. Deficit-neutral reserve fund relating 
to development of a new nuclear- capable cruise missile by the De-partment of Defense and the Na-tional Nuclear Security Adminis-tration. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:13 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6343 E:\CR\FM\A29AP7.008 H29APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2518 April 29, 2015 
Sec. 4373. Deficit-neutral reserve fund to pro-
vide equity in the tax treatment of public safety officer death bene-fits. 
Sec. 4374. Deficit-neutral reserve fund relating 
to eliminating the backlog of sex-ual assault evidence kits. 
Sec. 4375. Deficit-neutral reserve fund relating 
to mixed oxide fuel fabrication. 
Sec. 4376. Deficit-neutral reserve fund relating 
to reforming Offices of Inspectors General and preventing extended vacancies. 
Sec. 4377. Deficit-neutral reserve fund relating 
to improving retirement security. 
Sec. 4378. Deficit-neutral reserve fund to im-
prove the competitiveness of the United States. 
Sec. 4379. Deficit-neutral reserve fund relating 
to ensuring that the conservation of northern long-eared bat popu-lations and local economic devel-opment are compatible. 
Sec. 4380. Deficit-neutral reserve fund to im-
prove cybersecurity. 
Sec. 4381. Deficit-neutral reserve fund to allow 
the Drug Enforcement Adminis-tration and Federal Bureau of In-vestigation to enter into joint task forces with tribal and local law enforcement agencies. 
Sec. 4382. Deficit-neutral reserve fund relating 
to encouraging cost savings in of-fice space used by Federal agen-cies. 
Sec. 4383. Deficit-neutral reserve fund relating 
to providing technical assistance to small businesses and aspiring entrepreneurs through small busi-ness development centers. 
Sec. 4384. Deficit-neutral reserve fund relating 
to ensuring that medical facilities of the Department of Veterans Af-fairs meet the needs of women vet-erans. 
Sec. 4385. Deficit-neutral reserve fund relating 
to supporting efficient resourcing for the Asia rebalance policy. 
Sec. 4386. Deficit-neutral reserve fund relating 
to preventing access to marijuana edibles by children in States that have decriminalized marijuana. 
Sec. 4387. Deficit-neutral reserve fund relating 
to providing mortgage lending to rural areas. 
Sec. 4388. Deficit-neutral reserve fund relating 
to the construction of Arctic polar icebreakers. 
Sec. 4389. Deficit-neutral reserve fund relating 
to researching health conditions of the descendants of veterans ex-posed to toxic substances during service in the Armed Forces. 
Sec. 4390. Deficit-neutral reserve fund relating 
to raising the Family of Funds limit of the Small Business Invest-ment Company Program. 
Sec. 4391. Deficit-neutral reserve fund relating 
to detection, investigation, and prosecution of the owners and op-erators of websites who knowingly allow such websites to be used to advertise commercial sex with children over the Internet. 
Sec. 4392. Deficit-neutral reserve fund relating 
to protecting the reliability of the electricity grid. 
Sec. 4393. Deficit-neutral reserve fund to pre-
serve and protect the open Inter-net. 
Sec. 4394. Spending-neutral reserve fund relat-
ing to reforming the Federal regu-latory process. 
Sec. 4395. Deficit-neutral reserve fund relating 
to providing coverage of virtual colonoscopies as a colorectal can-cer screening test under the Medi-care program. Sec. 4396. Deficit-neutral reserve fund relating 
to the modernization of the nu-clear command, control, and com-munications architecture of the United States. 
Sec. 4397. Deficit-neutral reserve fund relating 
to BARDA and the BioShield Spe-cial Reserve Fund. 
Sec. 4398. Deficit-neutral reserve fund relating 
to improving the nuclear forces and missions of the Air Force. 
Sec. 4399. Deficit-neutral reserve fund relating 
to promoting economic growth and job creation for small busi-nesses and full funding for at-sea and dockside monitoring for cer-tain fisheries. 
Sec. 4400. Deficit-neutral reserve fund relating 
to the definition of full-time em-ployee. 
Sec. 4401. Deficit-neutral reserve fund relating 
to improving the effectiveness and efficiency of the Federal regu-latory process. 
Sec. 4402. Deficit-neutral reserve fund to expe-
dite awards under the Internal Revenue Service whistleblower program. 
Sec. 4403. Deficit-neutral reserve fund relating 
to encouraging the increased use of performance contracting in Federal facilities. 
Sec. 4404. Deficit-neutral reserve fund relating 
to improving information sharing by the Inspector General of the Department of Veterans Affairs with respect to investigations re-lating to substandard health care, delayed and denied health care, patient deaths, other findings that directly relate to patient care, and other management issues of the Department. 
Sec. 4405. Deficit-neutral reserve fund to ad-
dress the disproportionate regu-latory burdens on community banks and credit unions. 
Sec. 4406. Deficit-neutral reserve fund to pro-
tect the Corporation for National and Community Service. 
Sec. 4407. Deficit-neutral reserve fund relating 
to ensuring that Department of Justice attorneys comply with dis-closure obligations in criminal prosecutions. 
Sec. 4408. Deficit-neutral reserve fund to pro-
mote biomedical research. 
Sec. 4409. Deficit-neutral reserve fund relating 
to providing access to necessary equipment for Medicare bene-ficiaries. 
Sec. 4410. Spending-neutral reserve fund relat-
ing to prioritizing the construc-tion of infrastructure projects that are of national and regional significance and projects in high priority corridors. 
Sec. 4411. Deficit-neutral reserve fund relating 
to encouraging the United States’ NATO allies to reverse declines in defense spending and bear a more proportionate burden for ensuring the security of NATO. 
Sec. 4412. Deficit-neutral reserve fund relating 
to the investigation and recovery of missing weapons and military equipment provided to the Gov-ernment of Yemen by the United States Government. 
Sec. 4413. Deficit-neutral reserve fund relating 
to improving higher education data and transparency. 
Sec. 4414. Deficit-neutral reserve fund relating 
to Native children. 
Sec. 4415. Deficit-neutral reserve fund relating 
to provide additional funding for international strategic commu-nications. Sec. 4416. Deficit-neutral reserve fund for ele-
mentary and secondary edu-cation. 
Sec. 4417. Deficit-neutral reserve fund to sup-
port research. 
Sec. 4418. Deficit-neutral reserve fund relating 
to support for Ukraine. 
Sec. 4419. Deficit-neutral reserve fund relating 
to underground and surface min-ing safety research. 
Sec. 4420. Deficit-neutral reserve fund relating 
to saving Medicare. 
Subtitle C—Reserve Funds in the House of 
Representatives 
Sec. 4501. Reserve fund for the repeal of the 
President’s health care law. 
Sec. 4502. Deficit-neutral reserve fund for pro-
moting real health care reform. 
Sec. 4503. Deficit-neutral reserve fund related 
to the Medicare provisions of the President’s health care law. 
Sec. 4504. Deficit-neutral reserve fund for the 
State Children’s Health Insurance Program. 
Sec. 4505. Deficit-neutral reserve fund for grad-
uate medical education. 
Sec. 4506. Deficit-neutral reserve fund for trade 
agreements. 
Sec. 4507. Deficit-neutral reserve fund for re-
forming the tax code. 
Sec. 4508. Deficit-neutral reserve fund for rev-
enue measures. 
Sec. 4509. Deficit-neutral reserve fund for 
transportation. 
Sec. 4510. Deficit-neutral reserve fund for Fed-
eral retirement reform. 
Sec. 4511. Deficit-neutral reserve fund for na-
tional defense. 
TITLE V—ESTIMATES OF DIRECT SPEND-
ING IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTA-TIVES 
Sec. 5001. Direct spending. 
TITLE VI—POLICY STATEMENTS 
Subtitle A—Policy Statements in Both Houses 
Sec. 6101. Policy statement on balanced budget 
amendment. 
Sec. 6102. Policy statement on Social Security. 
Subtitle B—Policy Statement in the House of 
Representatives 
Sec. 6201. Policy statement on budget process 
and baseline reform. 
Sec. 6202. Policy statement on economic growth 
and job creation. 
Sec. 6203. Policy statement on tax reform. Sec. 6204. Policy statement on trade. Sec. 6205. Policy statement on repealing the 
President’s health care law and promoting real health care reform. 
Sec. 6206. Policy statement on Medicare. Sec. 6207. Policy statement on medical dis-
covery, development, delivery and innovation. 
Sec. 6208. Policy statement on Federal regu-
latory reform. 
Sec. 6209. Policy statement on higher education 
and workforce development op-portunity. 
Sec. 6210. Policy statement on Department of 
Veterans Affairs. 
Sec. 6211. Policy statement on Federal account-
ing methodologies. 
Sec. 6212. Policy statement on reducing unnec-
essary, wasteful, and unauthor-ized spending. 
Sec. 6213. Policy statement on deficit reduction 
through the cancellation of unob-ligated balances. 
Sec. 6214. Policy statement on agency fees and 
spending. 
Sec. 6215. Policy statement on responsible stew-
ardship of taxpayer dollars. 
Sec. 6216. Policy statement on ‘‘No Budget, No 
Pay’’. 
Sec. 6217. Policy statement on national security 
funding. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:13 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A29AP7.008 H29APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2519 April 29, 2015 
TITLE I—RECOMMENDED LEVELS AND 
AMOUNTS 
Subtitle A—Budgetary Levels in Both Houses 
SEC. 1101. RECOMMENDED LEVELS AND 
AMOUNTS. 
The following budgetary levels are appro-
priate for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2025: 
(1) F EDERAL REVENUES .—For purposes of the 
enforcement of this concurrent resolution: 
(A) The recommended levels of Federal reve-
nues are as follows: 
Fiscal year 2016: $2,676,733,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: $2,776,156,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: $2,870,206,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: $2,982,310,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: $3,107,111,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: $3,247,391,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: $3,392,968,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: $3,554,412,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: $3,723,973,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: $3,906,111,000,000. (B) The amounts by which the aggregate lev-
els of Federal revenues should be changed are as follows: 
Fiscal year 2016: $0. Fiscal year 2017: $0. Fiscal year 2018: $0. Fiscal year 2019: $0. 
Fiscal year 2020: $0. Fiscal year 2021: $0. Fiscal year 2022: $0. Fiscal year 2023: $0. Fiscal year 2024: $0. Fiscal year 2025: $0. (2) N
EW BUDGET AUTHORITY .—For purposes of 
the enforcement of this concurrent resolution, the appropriate levels of total new budget au-thority are as follows: 
Fiscal year 2016: $3,039,215,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: $2,956,581,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: $2,970,682,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: $3,107,123,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: $3,234,011,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: $3,313,719,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: $3,420,057,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: $3,484,446,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: $3,504,239,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: $3,634,452,000,000. (3) B
UDGET OUTLAYS .—For purposes of the en-
forcement of this concurrent resolution, the ap-propriate levels of total budget outlays are as follows: 
Fiscal year 2016: $3,091,442,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: $2,982,215,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: $2,963,926,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: $3,086,454,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: $3,205,304,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: $3,291,249,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: $3,434,709,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: $3,470,642,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: $3,466,541,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: $3,610,342,000,000. (4) D
EFICITS .—For purposes of the enforce-
ment of this concurrent resolution, the amounts of the deficits are as follows: 
Fiscal year 2016: $414,709,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: $206,059,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: $93,720,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: $104,144,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: $98,193,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: $43,858,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: $41,741,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: ¥$83,770,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2024: ¥$257,432,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2025: ¥$295,769,000,000. 
(5) P
UBLIC DEBT .—Pursuant to section 
301(a)(5) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, the appropriate levels of the public debt are as follows: 
Fiscal year 2016: $19,059,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: $19,490,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: $19,826,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: $20,164,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: $20,494,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: $20,773,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: $21,033,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: $21,188,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: $21,194,000,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2025: $21,149,000,000,000. (6) D
EBT HELD BY THE PUBLIC .—The appro-
priate levels of debt held by the public are as follows: 
Fiscal year 2016: $13,842,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: $14,124,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: $14,307,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: $14,523,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: $14,757,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: $14,965,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: $15,204,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: $15,354,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: $15,374,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: $15,405,000,000,000. 
SEC. 1102. MAJOR FUNCTIONAL CATEGORIES. 
Congress determines and declares that the ap-
propriate levels of new budget authority and outlays for fiscal years 2016 through 2025 for each major functional category are: 
(1) National Defense (050): Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority, $531,306,000,000. (B) Outlays, $564,325,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, $544,515,000,000. (B) Outlays, $549,357,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $557,764,000,000. (B) Outlays, $548,021,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $571,039,000,000. (B) Outlays, $560,439,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $585,330,000,000. (B) Outlays, $572,493,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $599,646,000,000. (B) Outlays, $585,628,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $632,804,000,000. (B) Outlays, $615,907,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $646,039,000,000. (B) Outlays, $628,518,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $659,310,000,000. (B) Outlays, $638,235,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $673,490,000,000. (B) Outlays, $658,011,000,000. (2) International Affairs (150): Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority, $40,202,000,000. (B) Outlays, $46,028,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, $40,246,000,000. (B) Outlays, $43,086,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $41,176,000,000. (B) Outlays, $41,818,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $42,100,000,000. (B) Outlays, $41,391,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $43,092,000,000. (B) Outlays, $41,518,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $44,085,000,000. (B) Outlays, $42,005,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $45,333,000,000. (B) Outlays, $42,749,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $46,348,000,000. (B) Outlays, $43,510,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $47,408,000,000. (B) Outlays, $44,367,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $48,485,000,000. (B) Outlays, $45,266,000,000. (3) General Science, Space, and Technology 
(250): 
Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority, $29,187,000,000. (B) Outlays, $29,555,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: 
(A) New budget authority, $29,771,000,000. (B) Outlays, $29,707,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $30,432,000,000. (B) Outlays, $30,162,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $31,104,000,000. (B) Outlays, $30,647,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $31,805,000,000. (B) Outlays, $31,283,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $32,508,000,000. (B) Outlays, $31,875,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $33,242,000,000. (B) Outlays, $32,579,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $33,978,000,000. (B) Outlays, $33,306,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $34,743,000,000. (B) Outlays, $34,053,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $35,517,000,000. (B) Outlays, $34,815,000,000. (4) Energy (270): Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority, ¥$3,201,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $1,412,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, $1,962,000,000. (B) Outlays, $1,095,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, ¥$746,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, ¥$2,111,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, ¥$856,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, ¥$1,936,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, ¥$884,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, ¥$1,811,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, ¥$948,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, ¥$1,657,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, ¥$1,030,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, ¥$1,651,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, ¥$1,098,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, ¥$1,643,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, ¥$1,144,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, ¥$1,614,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, ¥$1,153,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, ¥$1,589,000,000. 
(5) Natural Resources and Environment (300): Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority, $36,374,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $39,499,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, $37,654,000,000. (B) Outlays, $40,016,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $38,325,000,000. (B) Outlays, $39,595,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $38,923,000,000. (B) Outlays, $39,465,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $40,388,000,000. (B) Outlays, $40,563,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $41,191,000,000. (B) Outlays, $41,461,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $41,650,000,000. (B) Outlays, $41,770,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $42,496,000,000. (B) Outlays, $42,726,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $43,935,000,000. (B) Outlays, $43,453,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $45,039,000,000. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:13 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A29AP7.008 H29APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2520 April 29, 2015 
(B) Outlays, $44,409,000,000. 
(6) Agriculture (350): Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority, $19,098,000,000. (B) Outlays, $21,572,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, $22,846,000,000. (B) Outlays, $22,376,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $21,964,000,000. (B) Outlays, $20,853,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $20,652,000,000. (B) Outlays, $19,875,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $19,681,000,000. (B) Outlays, $19,132,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $19,545,000,000. (B) Outlays, $19,025,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $19,509,000,000. (B) Outlays, $18,979,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $20,119,000,000. (B) Outlays, $19,590,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $20,253,000,000. (B) Outlays, $19,699,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $20,540,000,000. (B) Outlays, $20,028,000,000. (7) Commerce and Housing Credit (370): Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority, ¥$997,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, ¥$10,566,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, ¥$8,697,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, ¥$21,748,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, ¥$8,277,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, ¥$25,173,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, ¥$7,401,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, ¥$26,866,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, ¥$5,156,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, ¥$22,499,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, ¥$4,806,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, ¥$19,423,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, ¥$4,250,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, ¥$20,716,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, ¥$3,613,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, ¥$21,520,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, ¥$2,754,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, ¥$21,962,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2025: 
(A) New budget authority, ¥$2,278,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, ¥$22,335,000,000. 
(8) Transportation (400): Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority, $72,055,000,000. (B) Outlays, $87,153,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, $72,715,000,000. (B) Outlays, $82,838,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $73,262,000,000. (B) Outlays, $79,648,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $73,696,000,000. (B) Outlays, $78,845,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $74,070,000,000. (B) Outlays, $78,268,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $74,409,000,000. (B) Outlays, $77,871,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $55,154,000,000. (B) Outlays, $73,378,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $56,254,000,000. (B) Outlays, $66,074,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: 
(A) New budget authority, $56,798,000,000. (B) Outlays, $62,874,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $57,190,000,000. (B) Outlays, $61,710,000,000. (9) Community and Regional Development 
(450): 
Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority, $15,486,000,000. (B) Outlays, $20,692,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, $16,344,000,000. (B) Outlays, $19,144,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $16,737,000,000. (B) Outlays, $19,692,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $16,973,000,000. (B) Outlays, $20,450,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $16,984,000,000. (B) Outlays, $20,702,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $16,903,000,000. (B) Outlays, $20,682,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $9,965,000,000. (B) Outlays, $19,034,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $9,947,000,000. (B) Outlays, $15,892,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $9,993,000,000. (B) Outlays, $13,220,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $10,077,000,000. (B) Outlays, $11,515,000,000. (10) Education, Training, Employment, and 
Social Services (500): 
Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority, $83,315,000,000. (B) Outlays, $93,293,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, $89,084,000,000. (B) Outlays, $92,888,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $91,432,000,000. (B) Outlays, $91,193,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $90,189,000,000. (B) Outlays, $89,369,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $92,597,000,000. (B) Outlays, $91,891,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $93,900,000,000. (B) Outlays, $93,562,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $95,502,000,000. (B) Outlays, $95,022,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $96,984,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $96,608,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $98,820,000,000. (B) Outlays, $98,336,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $100,785,000,000. (B) Outlays, $100,297,000,000. (11) Health (550): Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority, $433,064,000,000. (B) Outlays, $430,917,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, $397,209,000,000. (B) Outlays, $394,211,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $387,638,000,000. (B) Outlays, $397,302,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $398,203,000,000. (B) Outlays, $399,888,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $420,326,000,000. (B) Outlays, $411,116,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $426,184,000,000. (B) Outlays, $426,218,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $442,681,000,000. (B) Outlays, $442,701,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $461,378,000,000. (B) Outlays, $461,378,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $476,599,000,000. (B) Outlays, $476,631,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $493,913,000,000. (B) Outlays, $494,059,000,000. (12) Medicare (570): Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority, $579,430,000,000. (B) Outlays, $579,361,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, $571,876,000,000. (B) Outlays, $571,830,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $566,754,000,000. (B) Outlays, $566,656,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $628,736,000,000. (B) Outlays, $628,652,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $667,036,000,000. (B) Outlays, $666,951,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $711,198,000,000. (B) Outlays, $711,111,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $800,458,000,000. (B) Outlays, $800,363,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $812,590,000,000. (B) Outlays, $812,496,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $815,240,000,000. (B) Outlays, $815,139,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $923,187,000,000. (B) Outlays, $923,082,000,000. (13) Income Security (600): Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority, $523,086,000,000. (B) Outlays, $523,645,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, $496,233,000,000. (B) Outlays, $492,511,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $485,055,000,000. (B) Outlays, $476,530,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $476,663,000,000. (B) Outlays, $471,357,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $484,015,000,000. (B) Outlays, $478,199,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: 
(A) New budget authority, $489,999,000,000. (B) Outlays, $484,318,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $498,503,000,000. (B) Outlays, $497,869,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $503,364,000,000. (B) Outlays, $499,521,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $510,872,000,000. (B) Outlays, $501,192,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $517,417,000,000. (B) Outlays, $511,441,000,000. (14) Social Security Retirement and Disability 
(650): 
Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority, $33,885,000,000. (B) Outlays, $33,928,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, $36,535,000,000. (B) Outlays, $36,563,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $39,407,000,000. (B) Outlays, $39,424,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $42,634,000,000. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:13 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A29AP7.008 H29APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2521 April 29, 2015 
(B) Outlays, $42,634,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $46,104,000,000. (B) Outlays, $46,104,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $49,712,000,000. (B) Outlays, $49,712,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $53,547,000,000. (B) Outlays, $53,547,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $57,455,000,000. (B) Outlays, $57,455,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $61,546,000,000. (B) Outlays, $61,546,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $65,751,000,000. (B) Outlays, $65,751,000,000. (15) Veterans Benefits and Services (700): Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority, $166,261,000,000. (B) Outlays, $171,862,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, $164,546,000,000. (B) Outlays, $168,559,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $162,740,000,000. (B) Outlays, $162,753,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $174,599,000,000. (B) Outlays, $173,869,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $179,485,000,000. (B) Outlays, $178,581,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $183,721,000,000. (B) Outlays, $182,821,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $196,041,000,000. (B) Outlays, $195,056,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $192,637,000,000. (B) Outlays, $191,640,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $189,442,000,000. (B) Outlays, $188,356,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $203,290,000,000. (B) Outlays, $202,189,000,000. (16) Administration of Justice (750): Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority, $50,976,000,000. (B) Outlays, $56,455,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, $57,639,000,000. (B) Outlays, $56,693,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $55,885,000,000. (B) Outlays, $54,562,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: 
(A) New budget authority, $57,582,000,000. (B) Outlays, $56,699,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $59,324,000,000. (B) Outlays, $61,755,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $61,247,000,000. (B) Outlays, $62,635,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $63,791,000,000. (B) Outlays, $63,748,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $65,688,000,000. (B) Outlays, $65,589,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $67,626,000,000. (B) Outlays, $67,266,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $69,425,000,000. (B) Outlays, $68,892,000,000. (17) General Government (800): Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority, $23,151,000,000. (B) Outlays, $22,981,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, $23,194,000,000. (B) Outlays, $23,289,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: 
(A) New budget authority, $23,426,000,000. (B) Outlays, $23,371,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $24,000,000,000. (B) Outlays, $23,685,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $24,703,000,000. (B) Outlays, $24,290,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $25,202,000,000. (B) Outlays, $24,878,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $25,962,000,000. (B) Outlays, $25,562,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $26,698,000,000. (B) Outlays, $26,272,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $27,130,000,000. (B) Outlays, $26,766,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $27,881,000,000. (B) Outlays, $27,435,000,000. (18) Net Interest (900): Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority, $367,542,000,000. (B) Outlays, $367,542,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, $416,418,000,000. (B) Outlays, $416,418,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $479,446,000,000. (B) Outlays, $479,446,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $533,121,000,000. (B) Outlays, $533,121,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $579,344,000,000. (B) Outlays, $579,344,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $611,558,000,000. (B) Outlays, $611,558,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $642,888,000,000. (B) Outlays, $642,888,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $669,066,000,000. (B) Outlays, $669,066,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $687,195,000,000. (B) Outlays, $687,195,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $694,215,000,000. (B) Outlays, $694,215,000,000. (19) Allowances (920): Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority, $25,256,000,000. (B) Outlays, $45,538,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, ¥$21,661,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, ¥$5,856,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, ¥$50,890,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, ¥$40,133,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, ¥$60,624,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, ¥$53,987,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, ¥$72,620,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, ¥$65,480,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, ¥$104,010,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, ¥$98,128,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, ¥$119,157,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, ¥$111,033,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, ¥$131,418,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, ¥$122,924,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, ¥$168,306,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, ¥$160,427,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, ¥$204,728,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, ¥$186,150,000,000. 
(20) Undistributed Offsetting Receipts (950): Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority, ¥$82,548,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, ¥$82,548,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, ¥$96,446,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, ¥$96,446,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, ¥$103,441,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, ¥$103,441,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, ¥$101,796,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, ¥$101,796,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, ¥$101,191,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, ¥$101,191,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, ¥$105,094,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, ¥$105,094,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, ¥$112,536,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, ¥$112,536,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2023: 
(A) New budget authority, ¥$120,466,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, ¥$120,466,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, ¥$130,467,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, ¥$130,467,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, ¥$143,591,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, ¥$143,591,000,000. 
(21) Overseas Contingency Operations (970): Fiscal year 2016: 
(A) New budget authority, $96,287,000,000. (B) Outlays, $48,798,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, $64,598,000,000. (B) Outlays, $65,684,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $62,593,000,000. (B) Outlays, $63,758,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $57,586,000,000. (B) Outlays, $60,653,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $49,578,000,000. (B) Outlays, $54,095,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $47,569,000,000. (B) Outlays, $50,191,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $0. (B) Outlays, $19,493,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $0. (B) Outlays, $7,554,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $0. (B) Outlays, $2,683,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $0. (B) Outlays, $892,000,000. 
Subtitle B—Levels and Amounts in the Senate 
SEC. 1201. SOCIAL SECURITY IN THE SENATE. 
(a) S OCIAL SECURITY REVENUES .—For pur-
poses of Senate enforcement under sections 302 and 311 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, the amounts of revenues of the Federal Old-Age and Survivors Insurance Trust Fund and the Federal Disability Insurance Trust Fund are as follows: 
Fiscal year 2016: $793,987,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: $826,098,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: $858,899,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: $892,421,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: $927,413,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: $963,896,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: $1,002,225,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: $1,041,673,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: $1,082,208,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: $1,124,298,000,000. (b) S
OCIAL SECURITY OUTLAYS .—For purposes 
of Senate enforcement under sections 302 and 311 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, the amounts of outlays of the Federal Old-Age and Survivors Insurance Trust Fund and the Fed-eral Disability Insurance Trust Fund are as fol-lows: 
Fiscal year 2016: $777,085,000,000. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:13 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A29AP7.008 H29APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2522 April 29, 2015 
Fiscal year 2017: $822,772,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2018: $878,895,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: $937,383,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: $1,002,161,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: $1,070,556,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: $1,143,375,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: $1,221,800,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: $1,305,195,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: $1,393,212,000,000. (c) S
OCIAL SECURITY ADMINISTRATIVE EX-
PENSES .—In the Senate, the amounts of new 
budget authority and budget outlays of the Fed-eral Old-Age and Survivors Insurance Trust Fund and the Federal Disability Insurance Trust Fund for administrative expenses are as follows: 
Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority, $5,146,000,000. (B) Outlays, $5,205,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, $5,296,000,000. (B) Outlays, $5,296,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $5,469,000,000. (B) Outlays, $5,440,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $5,645,000,000. (B) Outlays, $5,614,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $5,827,000,000. (B) Outlays, $5,795,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $6,012,000,000. (B) Outlays, $5,980,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $6,205,000,000. (B) Outlays, $6,172,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $6,399,000,000. (B) Outlays, $6,365,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $6,600,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $6,565,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $6,805,000,000. (B) Outlays, $6,769,000,000. 
SEC. 1202. POSTAL SERVICE DISCRETIONARY AD-
MINISTRATIVE EXPENSES IN THE SENATE. 
In the Senate, the amounts of new budget au-
thority and budget outlays of the Postal Service for discretionary administrative expenses are as follows: 
Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority, $266,000,000. (B) Outlays, $265,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, $277,000,000. (B) Outlays, $277,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $288,000,000. (B) Outlays, $288,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $299,000,000. (B) Outlays, $298,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $310,000,000. (B) Outlays, $310,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $321,000,000. (B) Outlays, $320,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $334,000,000. (B) Outlays, $333,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $346,000,000. (B) Outlays, $345,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $358,000,000. (B) Outlays, $357,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $371,000,000. (B) Outlays, $370,000,000. 
TITLE II—RECONCILIATION 
SEC. 2001. RECONCILIATION IN THE SENATE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .— 
(1) C OMMITTEE ON FINANCE .—The Committee 
on Finance of the Senate shall report changes in laws within its jurisdiction to reduce the deficit 
by not less than $1,000,000,000 for the period of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
(2) C
OMMITTEE ON HEALTH , EDUCATION , 
LABOR , AND PENSIONS .—The Committee on 
Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate shall report changes in laws within its jurisdiction to reduce the deficit by not less than $1,000,000,000 for the period of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
(3) S
UBMISSIONS .—In the Senate, not later 
than July 24, 2015, the Senate Committees named in paragraphs (1) and (2) shall submit their recommendations to the Committee on the Budget of the Senate. Upon receiving all such recommendations, the Committee on the Budget of the Senate shall report to the Senate a rec-onciliation bill carrying out all such rec-ommendations without any substantive revision. 
(b) L
IMIT ON SENATE CONSIDERATION OF REC-
ONCILIATION .— 
(1) P OINT OF ORDER .—It shall not be in order 
in the Senate to consider a bill or joint resolu-tion reported pursuant to subsection (a), or an amendment to, conference report on, or amend-ment between the Houses in relation to such a bill or joint resolution, which would increase the public debt limit under section 3101 of title 31, United States Code, during the period of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
(2) W
AIVER .—This subsection may be waived 
or suspended in the Senate only by the affirma-tive vote of two-thirds of the Members, duly cho-sen and sworn. 
(3) A
PPEALS .—An affirmative vote of two- 
thirds of the Members of the Senate, duly cho-sen and sworn, shall be required to sustain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on the point of order raised under this subsection. 
SEC. 2002. RECONCILIATION IN THE HOUSE OF 
REPRESENTATIVES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .— 
(1) C OMMITTEE ON EDUCATION AND THE WORK -
FORCE .—The Committee on Education and the 
Workforce of the House of Representatives shall submit changes in laws within its jurisdiction to reduce the deficit by not less than $1,000,000,000 for the period of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
(2) C
OMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND COMMERCE .— 
The Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives shall submit changes in laws within its jurisdiction to reduce the def-icit by not less than $1,000,000,000 for the period of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
(3) C
OMMITTEE ON WAYS AND MEANS .—The 
Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives shall submit changes in laws within its jurisdiction to reduce the deficit by not less than $1,000,000,000 for the period of fis-cal years 2016 through 2025. 
(4) S
UBMISSION PROVIDING FOR DEFICIT REDUC -
TION.—In the House of Representatives, not 
later than July 24, 2015, the committees named in paragraphs (1), (2), and (3) shall submit their recommendations to the Committee on the Budg-et of the House of Representatives to carry out this section. 
(b) R
ECONCILIATION PROCEDURES .— 
(1) E STIMATING ASSUMPTIONS .— 
(A) A SSUMPTIONS .—In the House of Represent-
atives, for purposes of titles III and IV of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 631 et seq. and 651 et seq.), the Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the House of Rep-resentatives shall use the baseline underlying the Congressional Budget Office’s March 2015 update to the Budget and Economic Outlook: 2015 to 2025 (January 2015) when making esti-mates of any bill or joint resolution, or any amendment thereto, amendment between the Houses in relation thereto, or conference report thereon. If adjustments to the baseline are made subsequent to the adoption of this concurrent resolution, then such Chairman shall determine whether to use any of these adjustments when making such estimates. 
(B) I
NTENT .—The authority set forth in sub-
paragraph (A) should only be exercised if the es-timates used to determine the compliance of 
such measures with the budgetary requirements included in this concurrent resolution are inac-curate because adjustments made to the baseline are inconsistent with the assumptions under-lying the budgetary levels set forth in this con-current resolution. Such inaccurate adjustments made after the adoption of this concurrent reso-lution may include selected adjustments for rulemaking, judicial actions, adjudication, and interpretative rules that have major budgetary effects and are inconsistent with the assump-tions underlying the budgetary levels set forth in this concurrent resolution. 
(C) C
ONGRESSIONAL BUDGET OFFICE ESTI -
MATES .—Upon the request of the Chairman of 
the Committee on the Budget of the House of Representatives, the Congressional Budget Of-fice shall prepare for any measure an estimate based on the baseline determination made by such Chairman pursuant to subparagraph (A). 
(2) R
EPEAL OF THE PRESIDENT ’S HEALTH CARE  
LAW THROUGH RECONCILIATION .—In the House of 
Representatives, in preparing their submissions under subsection (a) to the Committee on the Budget of the House of Representatives, the committees named in subsection (a) shall— 
(A) note the policies discussed in title VI that 
repeal the Affordable Care Act and the health care related provisions of the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010; and 
(B) determine the most effective methods by 
which the health care laws referred to in sub-paragraph (A) shall be repealed in their en-tirety. 
(3) R
EVISION OF BUDGETARY LEVELS .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Upon the submission of a 
reconciliation recommendation to the House of Representatives or the Committee on the Budget of the House of Representatives or the submis-sion of a conference report to the House of Rep-resentatives pursuant to this section, in which a committee is deemed to have complied with its directive by virtue of section 310(c) of the Con-gressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 641(c)), the Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the House of Representatives may file with the House of Representatives appropriately revised allocations, aggregates, and functional levels. 
(B) R
EVISION .—Allocations and aggregates re-
vised pursuant to this paragraph shall be con-sidered to be allocations and aggregates estab-lished by this concurrent resolution on the budget pursuant to section 301 of the Congres-sional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 632). 
TITLE III—BUDGET ENFORCEMENT 
Subtitle A—Budget Enforcement in Both 
Houses 
SEC. 3101. POINT OF ORDER AGAINST INCREAS-
ING LONG-TERM DEFICITS OR DI-RECT SPENDING. 
(a) C ONGRESSIONAL BUDGET OFFICE ANALYSIS  
OFPROPOSALS .—The Director of the Congres-
sional Budget Office shall, to the extent prac-ticable, prepare an estimate of whether a meas-ure would cause, relative to current law, a net increase in on-budget deficits in the Senate, and a net increase in direct spending in the House, in excess of $5,000,000,000 in any of the 4 con-secutive 10-fiscal year periods beginning with the first fiscal year that is 10 fiscal years after the budget year provided for in the most re-cently adopted concurrent resolution on the budget— 
(1) in the Senate, for each bill and joint reso-
lution reported by a committee, other than the Committee on Appropriations, and amendments thereto, amendments between the Houses in re-lation thereto, conference reports thereon, and motions thereon; and 
(2) in the House of Representatives, for each 
bill and joint resolution reported by a com-mittee, other than the Committee on Appropria-tions, and amendments thereto and conference reports thereon. 
(b) P
OINT OF ORDER .—It shall not be in 
order— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:13 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A29AP7.008 H29APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2523 April 29, 2015 
(1) in the Senate to consider any bill, joint 
resolution, amendment, amendment between the Houses, conference report, or motion that would cause a net increase in on-budget deficits in ex-cess of $5,000,000,000 in any of the 4 consecutive 10-fiscal year periods described in subsection (a); and 
(2) in the House of Representatives to consider 
any bill or joint resolution, or amendment there-to or conference report thereon, that would cause a net increase in direct spending in excess of $5,000,000,000 in any of the 4 consecutive 10- fiscal year periods described in subsection (a). 
(c) S
UPERMAJORITY WAIVER AND APPEAL IN  
THESENATE .— 
(1) W AIVER .—In the Senate, subsection (b) 
may be waived or suspended only by the affirm-ative vote of three-fifths of the Members, duly chosen and sworn. 
(2) A
PPEAL .—In the Senate, an affirmative 
vote of three-fifths of the Members, duly chosen and sworn, shall be required to sustain an ap-peal of the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised under subsection (b). 
(d) L
IMITATION .—The provisions of this sec-
tion shall not apply to— 
(1) in the Senate, any bills, joint resolutions, 
amendments, amendments between the Houses, conference reports, or motions for which the Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate has made adjustments to the allocations, levels, or limits contained in this concurrent res-olution pursuant to section 4303(1); and 
(2) in the House of Representatives, any bills 
or joint resolutions, or amendments thereto or conference reports thereon, for which the Chair-man of the Committee on the Budget of House of Representatives has made adjustments to the al-locations, levels, or limits contained in this con-current resolution pursuant to section 4501, 4502, or 4503. 
(e) D
ETERMINATIONS OF BUDGET LEVELS .—For 
purposes of this section— 
(1) the levels of net increases in deficits shall 
be determined on the basis of estimates provided by the Committee on the Budget of the Senate; and 
(2) the levels of net increases in direct spend-
ing shall be determined on the basis of estimates provided by the Committee on the Budget of the House of Representatives. 
(f) R
EPEAL IN THE SENATE .—In the Senate, 
section 311 of S. Con. Res. 70 (110th Congress), the concurrent resolution on the budget for fis-cal year 2009, shall no longer apply. 
(g) S
UNSET IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTA -
TIVES .—In the House of Representatives, this 
section shall remain in effect through September 30, 2017. 
SEC. 3102. ALLOCATION FOR OVERSEAS CONTIN-
GENCY OPERATIONS/GLOBAL WAR ON TERRORISM. 
(a) S EPARATE OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPER-
ATIONS /GLOBAL WAR ON TERRORISM ALLOCA -
TION.—In the Senate and the House of Rep-
resentatives, there shall be a separate allocation of new budget authority and outlays provided to the Committee on Appropriations for the pur-poses of Overseas Contingency Operations/Glob-al War on Terrorism, which shall be deemed an allocation under section 302(a) of the Congres-sional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 633(a)). Sec-tion 302(a)(3) of such Act shall not apply to such separate allocation. 
(b) 302 A
LLOCATIONS .—The separate allocation 
referred to in subsection (a) shall be the exclu-sive allocation for Overseas Contingency Oper-ations/Global War on Terrorism under section 302(b) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 633(b)). The Committee on Appropria-tions of the applicable House of Congress may provide suballocations of such separate alloca-tion under such section 302(b). 
(c) A
PPLICATION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—For purposes of enforcing 
the separate allocation referred to in subsection (a) under section 302(f) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 633(f)), the ‘‘first fiscal year’’ and the ‘‘total of fiscal years’’ shall 
be deemed to refer to fiscal year 2016. Section 302(c) of such Act (2 U.S.C. 633(c)) shall not apply to such separate allocation. 
(2) A
DDITIONAL SENATE ENFORCEMENT .—In the 
Senate, section 302(f)(2)(A) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 633(f)(2)(A)) shall apply with respect to the separate allocation to the Committee on Appropriations referred to in subsection (a). 
(d) D
ESIGNATIONS .—New budget authority or 
outlays shall only be counted toward the alloca-tion referred to in subsection (a) if they are des-ignated pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 (2 U.S.C. 901(b)(2)(B)(A)(ii)). 
(e) A
DJUSTMENTS .—For purposes of subsection 
(a) for fiscal year 2016, no adjustment shall be made under section 314(a) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 if any adjustment would be made under section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Bal-anced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 (2 U.S.C. 901(b)(2)(B)(A)(ii)). 
(f) A
DJUSTMENTS TOFUNDOVERSEAS CONTIN -
GENCY OPERATIONS /GLOBAL WAR ON TER-
RORISM .—The Chairman of the Committee on 
the Budget of the applicable House of Congress may adjust the allocations, aggregates, and other appropriate budgetary levels related to Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism or the allocation under section 302(a) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 633(a)) to the Committee on Appropria-
tions set forth in the joint statement of man-agers accompanying this concurrent resolution to account for new information. 
SEC. 3103. POINT OF ORDER AGAINST CERTAIN 
CHANGES IN MANDATORY PRO-GRAMS. 
(a) D EFINITION .—In this section, the term 
‘‘CHIMP’’ means a provision that— 
(1) would have been estimated as affecting di-
rect spending or receipts under section 252 of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Con-trol Act of 1985 (2 U.S.C. 902) (as in effect prior to September 30, 2002) if the provision was in-cluded in legislation other than appropriation Acts; and 
(2) results in a net decrease in budget author-
ity in the budget year, but does not result in a net decrease in outlays over the period of the total of the current year, the budget year, and all fiscal years covered under the most recently adopted concurrent resolution on the budget. 
(b) P
OINTS OF ORDER .— 
(1) I N THE SENATE .—It shall not be in order in 
the Senate to consider a bill or joint resolution making appropriations for a full fiscal year, or an amendment thereto, amendment between the Houses in relation thereto, conference report thereon, or motion thereon, that includes a CHIMP that, if enacted, would cause the abso-lute value of the total budget authority of all such CHIMPs enacted in relation to a full fiscal year to be more than the amount specified in paragraph (3). 
(2) I
N THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—A provision in a bill or joint 
resolution making appropriations for a full fis-cal year that proposes a CHIMP that, if en-acted, would cause the absolute value of the total budget authority of all such CHIMPs en-acted in relation to a full fiscal year to be more than the amount specified in paragraph (3), shall not be in order in the House of Represent-atives. 
(B) A
MENDMENTS AND CONFERENCE REPORTS .— 
It shall not be in order in the House of Rep-resentatives to consider an amendment to, or a conference report on, a bill or joint resolution making appropriations for a full fiscal year if such amendment thereto or conference report thereon proposes a CHIMP that, if enacted, would cause the absolute value of the total budget authority of all such CHIMPs enacted in relation to a full fiscal year to be more than the amount specified in paragraph (3). 
(3) A
MOUNT .—The amount specified in this 
paragraph is— (A) for fiscal year 2016, $19,100,000,000; 
(B) for fiscal year 2017, $19,100,000,000; (C) for fiscal year 2018, $17,000,000,000; and 
(D) for fiscal year 2019, $15,000,000,000. (c) D
ETERMINATION .—For purposes of this sec-
tion, budgetary levels shall be determined on the basis of estimates provided by the Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the applicable House of Congress. 
(d) S
UPERMAJORITY WAIVER AND APPEAL IN  
THESENATE .—In the Senate, subsection (b) may 
be waived or suspended only by an affirmative vote of three-fifths of the Members, duly chosen and sworn. An affirmative vote of three-fifths of the Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn, shall be required to sustain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised under subsection (b). 
(e) R
EPEAL .—In the Senate, section 314 of S. 
Con. Res. 70 (110th Congress), the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2009, shall no longer apply. 
SEC. 3104. POINT OF ORDER AGAINST PROVI-
SIONS THAT CONSTITUTE CHANGES IN MANDATORY PROGRAMS AFFECT-ING THE CRIME VICTIMS FUND. 
(a) D EFINITION .—In this section— 
(1) the term ‘‘CHIMP’’ has the meaning given 
such term in section 3103(a); and 
(2) the term ‘‘Crime Victims Fund’’ means the 
Crime Victims Fund established under section 1402 of the Victims of Crime Act of 1984 (42 U.S.C. 10601). 
(b) P
OINT OF ORDER IN THE SENATE .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—When the Senate is consid-
ering a bill or joint resolution making full-year appropriations for fiscal year 2016, or an amendment thereto, amendment between the Houses in relation thereto, conference report thereon, or motion thereon, if a point of order is made by a Senator against a provision con-taining a CHIMP affecting the Crime Victims Fund that, if enacted, would cause the absolute value of the total budget authority of all CHIMPs affecting the Crime Victims Fund in re-lation to fiscal year 2016 to be more than $10,800,000,000, and the point of order is sus-tained by the Chair, that provision shall be stricken from the measure and may not be of-fered as an amendment from the floor. 
(2) F
ORM OF THE POINT OF ORDER .—A point of 
order under paragraph (1) may be raised by a Senator as provided in section 313(e) of the Con-gressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 644(e)). 
(3) C
ONFERENCE REPORTS .—When the Senate 
is considering a conference report on, or an amendment between the Houses in relation to, a bill or joint resolution, upon a point of order being made by any Senator pursuant to para-graph (1), and such point of order being sus-tained, such material contained in such con-ference report or House amendment shall be stricken, and the Senate shall proceed to con-sider the question of whether the Senate shall recede from its amendment and concur with a further amendment, or concur in the House amendment with a further amendment, as the case may be, which further amendment shall consist of only that portion of the conference re-port or House amendment, as the case may be, not so stricken. Any such motion in the Senate shall be debatable. In any case in which such point of order is sustained against a conference report (or Senate amendment derived from such conference report by operation of this sub-section), no further amendment shall be in order. 
(4) S
UPERMAJORITY WAIVER AND APPEAL .—In 
the Senate, this subsection may be waived or suspended only by an affirmative vote of three- fifths of the Members, duly chose and sworn. An affirmative vote of three-fifths of Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn shall be re-quired to sustain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised under this sub-section. 
(5) D
ETERMINATION .—For purposes of this 
subsection, budgetary levels shall be determined 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:13 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A29AP7.008 H29APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2524 April 29, 2015 
on the basis of estimates provided by the Chair-
man of the Committee on the Budget of the Sen-ate. 
(c) P
OINTS OF ORDER IN THE HOUSE.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—A provision in a bill or joint 
resolution making full-year appropriations for fiscal year 2016 that proposes a CHIMP affect-ing the Crime Victims Fund that, if enacted, would cause the absolute value of the total budget authority of all CHIMPs affecting the Crime Victims Fund in relation to fiscal year 2016 to be more than $10,800,000,000, shall not be in order in the House of Representatives. 
(2) A
MENDMENTS AND CONFERENCE REPORTS .— 
It shall not be in order in the House of Rep-resentatives to consider an amendment to, or a conference report on, a bill or joint resolution making full-year appropriations for fiscal year 2016 if such amendment thereto or conference re-port thereon proposes a CHIMP affecting the Crime Victims Fund that, if enacted, would cause the absolute value of the total budget au-thority of all CHIMPs affecting the Crime Vic-tims Fund in relation to fiscal year 2016 to be more than $10,800,000,000. 
(3) D
ETERMINATION .—For purposes of this 
subsection, budgetary levels shall be determined on the basis of estimates provided by the Chair-man of the Committee on the Budget of the House of Representatives. 
(d) R
EVIEW OF PROCEDURES REGARDING  
CHIMP S.—The Committee on the Budget and 
the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate and the Committee on the Budget and the Com-mittee on Appropriations of the House of Rep-resentatives shall review existing budget en-forcement procedures regarding CHIMPs in-cluded in appropriations legislation. These com-mittees of jurisdiction should consult with other relevant committees of jurisdiction and other in-terested parties to review such procedures, in-cluding for Crime Victims Fund spending, and include any agreed upon recommendations in subsequent concurrent resolutions on the budg-et. 
SEC. 3105. FAIR-VALUE CREDIT ESTIMATES. 
(a) F AIR-VALUE ESTIMATES .—Upon the request 
of the Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate or the Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the House of Representatives, any estimate prepared by the Congressional Budget Office under title V of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 661 et seq.) of the cost of a measure shall include, when prac-ticable, an additional estimate of the cost, meas-ured on a fair-value basis— 
(1) in the Senate, for any bill, joint resolution, 
amendment, amendment between the Houses, conference report, or motion; and 
(2) in the House of Representatives, for any 
bill or joint resolution, or amendment thereto or conference report thereon. 
(b) E
STIMATES FOR HOUSING AND STUDENT  
LOANPROGRAMS .—Any estimate prepared by the 
Congressional Budget Office under title V of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 661 et seq.) of the cost of a provision in a measure relating to a housing, residential mortgage, or student loan program shall include an addi-tional estimate of the cost, measured on a fair- value basis— 
(1) in the Senate, for any bill, joint resolution, 
amendment, amendment between the Houses, conference report, or motion; and 
(2) in the House of Representatives, for any 
bill or joint resolution, or amendment thereto or conference report thereon. 
(c) E
NFORCEMENT IN THE HOUSE OF REP-
RESENTATIVES .—If the Director of the Congres-
sional Budget Office provides an estimate pur-suant to subsection (a) or (b), the Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the House of Representatives may use such estimate to deter-mine compliance with the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 621 et seq.) and other budg-etary enforcement controls. SEC. 3106. SCORING RULE FOR CURRENCY MOD-
ERNIZATION. 
In the Senate and the House of Representa-
tives, for purposes of determining points of order under the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 621 et seq.) or any concurrent resolution on the budget, any provision contained in a measure relating to a transition from the $1 note to a $1 coin shall— 
(1) in the Senate, for each bill, joint resolu-
tion, amendment, amendment between the Houses, conference report, or motion— 
(A) record the changes in budget authority, 
outlays, and revenues of the provision in the first year in which the provision takes effect; 
(B) determine the changes in budget author-
ity, outlays, and revenues of the provision based on a net present value estimate of the changes in budget authority, outlays, and revenues of the provision over a 30-year period; and 
(C) incorporate the changes in budget author-
ity, outlays, and revenues of the provision due to behavioral changes; and 
(2) in the House of Representatives, for each 
bill or joint resolution, or amendment thereto or conference report thereon— 
(A) record the changes in budget authority, 
outlays, and revenues of the provision in the first year in which the provision takes effect; 
(B) determine the changes in budget author-
ity, outlays, and revenues of the provision based on a net present value estimate of the changes in budget authority, outlays, and revenues of the provision over a 30-year period; and 
(C) incorporate the changes in budget author-
ity, outlays, and revenues of the provision due to behavioral changes. 
SEC. 3107. LONG-TERM SCORING OF CHANGES IN 
SPENDING LIMITS AND EXTENSION OF HIGHWAY PROGRAMS. 
(a) S CORING OF LEGISLATION INCREASING THE  
DISCRETIONARY SPENDING LIMITS .—Any estimate 
provided by the Congressional Budget Office shall provide, in addition to such estimate, an estimate of the changes in budget authority, outlays, and revenues under the legislation over the period of fiscal year 2016 through fiscal year 2045— 
(1) in the Senate, for any bill, joint resolution, 
amendment, amendment between the Houses, conference report, or motion that increases the discretionary spending limits under section 251(c) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 (2 U.S.C. 901(c)); and 
(2) in the House of Representatives, for any 
bill or joint resolution, or amendment thereto or conference report thereon, that increases the discretionary spending limits under section 251(c) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 (2 U.S.C. 901(c)). 
(b) S
CORING OF LEGISLATION RELATING TO THE  
HIGHWAY TRUST FUND.—Any estimate provided 
by the Congressional Budget Office shall pro-vide, in addition to such estimate, an estimate of the changes in budget authority, outlays, and revenues under the legislation over the period of fiscal year 2016 through fiscal year 2045— 
(1) in the Senate, for any bill, joint resolution, 
amendment, amendment between the Houses, conference report, or motion that transfers amounts from the general fund of the Treasury to the Highway Trust Fund; and 
(2) in the House of Representatives, for any 
bill or joint resolution, or amendment thereto or conference report thereon, that transfers amounts from the general fund of the Treasury to the Highway Trust Fund. 
SEC. 3108. REQUIRING CLEARER REPORTING OF 
PROJECTED FEDERAL SPENDING AND DEFICITS. 
When the Congressional Budget Office re-
leases its annual update to the Budget and Eco-nomic Outlook, the Congressional Budget Office shall provide a projection of Federal revenues, outlays, and deficits for the 30-year period be-ginning with the budget year, expressed in terms of dollars and as a percent of gross domestic product, as part of its annual update required under the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 
U.S.C. 621 et seq.). 
SEC. 3109. CONGRESSIONAL BUDGET OFFICE ES-
TIMATES OF MEASURES WITH SIG-NIFICANT OUTLAY EFFECTS. 
The Congressional Budget Office shall pre-
pare, to the extent practicable, an estimate of the outlay changes during the second and third decade of enactment for any spending legislative provision— 
(1) which proposes a change or changes to law 
that the Congressional Budget Office determines has an outlay impact in excess of 0.25 percent of the gross domestic product of the United States during the first decade or in the tenth year; or 
(2) with respect to which the Chairman of the 
Committee on the Budget of the Senate or the Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the House of Representatives has requested such an estimate. 
SEC. 3110. PROHIBITING THE USE OF GUARANTEE 
FEES AS AN OFFSET. 
In the Senate and the House of Representa-
tives, for purposes of determining points of order under the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 621 et seq.) or any concurrent resolution on the budget, any provision that increases, or extends the increase of, any guarantee fees of the Federal National Mortgage Association or the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation shall not be counted in estimating the level of budget authority, outlays, or revenues— 
(1) in the Senate, for any bill, joint resolution, 
amendment, amendment between the Houses, conference report, or motion; and 
(2) in the House of Representatives, for any 
bill or joint resolution, or amendment thereto or conference report thereon. 
SEC. 3111. INFORMATION FOR CONGRESS AND 
THE PUBLIC ABOUT PROJECTED FEDERAL OUTLAYS, REVENUES, AND DEFICITS. 
As part of the annual update to the Budget 
and Economic Outlook required under section 202(e) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 602(e)), and at any other time the Con-gressional Budget Office releases projections of Federal deficits over any term of years, the Con-gressional Budget Office shall publish with its projection a 1-page statement— 
(1) summarizing and categorizing total out-
lays, receipts, surpluses, and deficits of the Fed-eral Government on a unified basis for that same prospective time period; and 
(2) categorizing and subtotaling separately— (A) outlays for mandatory programs and for 
discretionary programs; 
(B) outlays, payroll tax revenue, and offset-
ting receipts for Social Security and for Medi-care; 
(C) the surplus or deficit of revenues over out-
lays for Social Security and for Medicare; and 
(D) revenues. 
SEC. 3112. HONEST ACCOUNTING: COST ESTI-
MATES FOR MAJOR LEGISLATION TO INCORPORATE MACROECONOMIC EF-FECTS. 
(a) CBO AND JCT E STIMATES .—During the 
114th Congress, any estimate provided by the Congressional Budget Office under section 402 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 653) or by the Joint Committee on Tax-ation to the Congressional Budget Office under section 201(f) of such Act (2 U.S.C. 601(f)) for major legislation considered in the House of Representatives or the Senate shall, to the greatest extent practicable, incorporate the budgetary effects of changes in economic out-put, employment, capital stock, and other mac-roeconomic variables resulting from such major legislation. 
(b) C
ONTENTS .—Any estimate referred to in 
subsection (a) shall, to the extent practicable, include— 
(1) a qualitative assessment of the budgetary 
effects (including macroeconomic variables de-scribed in subsection (a)) of the major legislation in the 20-fiscal year period beginning after the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:13 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A29AP7.008 H29APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2525 April 29, 2015 
last fiscal year of the most recently agreed to 
concurrent resolution on the budget that sets forth budgetary levels required under section 301 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 632); and 
(2) an identification of the critical assump-
tions and the source of data underlying that es-timate. 
(c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) M AJOR LEGISLATION .—The term ‘‘major leg-
islation’’ means— 
(A) in the Senate, a bill, joint resolution, con-
ference report, amendment, amendment between the Houses, or treaty— 
(i) for which an estimate is required to be pre-
pared pursuant to section 402 of the Congres-sional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 653) and that causes a gross budgetary effect (before incor-porating macroeconomic effects and not includ-ing timing shifts) in a fiscal year in the period of years of the most recently agreed to concur-rent resolution on the budget equal to or greater than— 
(I) 0.25 percent of the current projected gross 
domestic product of the United States for that fiscal year; or 
(II) for a treaty, equal to or greater than 
$15,000,000,000 for that fiscal year; or 
(ii) designated as such by— (I) the Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate for all direct spending and revenue legislation; or 
(II) the Senator who is Chairman or Vice 
Chairman of the Joint Committee on Taxation for revenue legislation; and 
(B) in the House of Representatives, a bill or 
joint resolution, or amendment thereto or con-ference report thereon— 
(i) for which an estimate is required to be pre-
pared pursuant to section 402 of the Congres-sional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 653) and that causes a gross budgetary effect (before incor-porating macroeconomic effects and not includ-ing timing shifts) in a fiscal year in the period of years of the most recently agreed to concur-rent resolution on the budget equal to or greater than 0.25 percent of the current projected gross domestic product of the United States for that fiscal year; or 
(ii) designated as such by— (I) the Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the House of Representatives for all direct spending and revenue legislation; or 
(II) the Member who is Chairman or Vice 
Chairman of the Joint Committee on Taxation for revenue legislation. 
(2) B
UDGETARY EFFECTS .—The term ‘‘budg-
etary effects’’ means changes in revenues, direct spending outlays, and deficits. 
(3) T
IMING SHIFTS .—The term ‘‘timing shifts’’ 
means— 
(A) provisions that cause a delay of the date 
on which outlays flowing from direct spending would otherwise occur from one fiscal year to the next fiscal year; or 
(B) provisions that cause an acceleration of 
the date on which revenues would otherwise occur from one fiscal year to the prior fiscal year. 
Subtitle B—Budget Enforcement in the Senate 
SEC. 3201. EXTENSION OF ENFORCEMENT OF 
BUDGETARY POINTS OF ORDER IN THE SENATE. 
(a) E XTENSION OF CONGRESSIONAL BUDGET  
ACT OF 1974 P OINTS OF ORDER .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any provi-
sion of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 621 et seq.), subsections (c)(2) and (d)(3) of section 904 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 621 note) shall remain in effect for purposes of Senate enforcement through Sep-tember 30, 2025. 
(2) R
EPEAL .—In the Senate, section 205 of S. 
Con. Res. 21 (110th Congress), the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2008, shall no longer apply. 
(b) O
THER POINTS OF ORDER .— (1) P AY-AS-YOU-GO.—Section 201(d) of S. Con. 
Res. 21 (110th Congress), the concurrent resolu-tion on the budget for fiscal year 2008, is re-pealed. 
(2) S
HORT -TERM DEFICITS .—Section 404(e) of S. 
Con. Res. 13 (111th Congress), the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2010, is repealed. 
SEC. 3202. POINT OF ORDER AGAINST ADVANCE 
APPROPRIATIONS IN THE SENATE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .— 
(1) P OINT OF ORDER .—Except as provided in 
subsection (b), it shall not be in order in the Senate to consider any bill, joint resolution, mo-tion, amendment, amendment between the Houses, or conference report that would provide an advance appropriation for a discretionary account. 
(2) D
EFINITION .—In this section, the term ‘‘ad-
vance appropriation’’ means any new budget authority provided in a bill or joint resolution making appropriations for fiscal year 2016 that first becomes available for any fiscal year after 2016, or any new budget authority provided in a bill or joint resolution making general appro-priations or continuing appropriations for fiscal year 2017, that first becomes available for any fiscal year after 2017. 
(b) E
XCEPTIONS .—Advance appropriations 
may be provided— 
(1) for fiscal years 2017 and 2018 for programs, 
projects, activities, or accounts identified in the joint explanatory statement of managers accom-panying this concurrent resolution under the heading ‘‘Accounts Identified for Advance Ap-propriations’’ in an aggregate amount not to ex-ceed $28,852,000,000 in new budget authority in each fiscal year; 
(2) for the Corporation for Public Broad-
casting; and 
(3) for the Department of Veterans Affairs for 
the Medical Services, Medical Support and Com-pliance, and Medical Facilities accounts of the Veterans Health Administration. 
(c) S
UPERMAJORITY WAIVER AND APPEAL .— 
(1) W AIVER .—In the Senate, subsection (a) 
may be waived or suspended only by an affirma-tive vote of three-fifths of the Members, duly chosen and sworn. 
(2) A
PPEAL .—An affirmative vote of three- 
fifths of the Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn, shall be required to sustain an ap-peal of the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised under subsection (a). 
(d) F
ORM OF POINT OF ORDER .—A point of 
order under subsection (a) may be raised by a Senator as provided in section 313(e) of the Con-gressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 644(e)). 
(e) C
ONFERENCE REPORTS .—When the Senate 
is considering a conference report on, or an amendment between the Houses in relation to, a bill or joint resolution, upon a point of order being made by any Senator pursuant to this sec-tion, and such point of order being sustained, such material contained in such conference re-port or House amendment shall be stricken, and the Senate shall proceed to consider the ques-tion of whether the Senate shall recede from its amendment and concur with a further amend-ment, or concur in the House amendment with a further amendment, as the case may be, which further amendment shall consist of only that portion of the conference report or House amendment, as the case may be, not so stricken. Any such motion in the Senate shall be debat-able. In any case in which such point of order is sustained against a conference report (or Sen-ate amendment derived from such conference re-port by operation of this subsection), no further amendment shall be in order. 
SEC. 3203. SUPERMAJORITY ENFORCEMENT OF 
UNFUNDED MANDATES IN THE SEN-ATE. 
Paragraphs (1) and (2) of section 425(a) of the 
Congressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 658d(a)) shall be subject to the waiver and ap-peal requirements of subsections (c)(2) and (d)(3), respectively, of section 904 of the Con-gressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 621 
note). 
SEC. 3204. REPEAL OF SENATE POINT OF ORDER 
AGAINST CERTAIN RECONCILIATION LEGISLATION. 
Section 202 of S. Con. Res. 21 (110th Con-
gress), the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2008, shall no longer apply in the Senate. 
SEC. 3205. PROHIBITION ON AGREEING TO LEGIS-
LATION WITHOUT A SCORE IN THE SENATE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—In the Senate, it shall not be 
in order to vote on passage of matter that re-quires an estimate under section 402 of the Con-gressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 653), un-less such estimate was made publicly available on the website of the Congressional Budget Of-fice not later than 28 hours before the time the vote commences. 
(b) S
UPERMAJORITY WAIVER AND APPEAL .— 
(1) W AIVER .—In the Senate, subsection (a) 
may be waived or suspended only by an affirma-tive vote of three-fifths of the Members, duly chosen and sworn. 
(2) A
PPEAL .—An affirmative vote of three- 
fifths of the Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn, shall be required to sustain an ap-peal of the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised under subsection (a). 
SEC. 3206. PROTECTING THE SAVINGS IN RE-
PORTED RECONCILIATION BILLS IN THE SENATE. 
In the Senate, section 310(d)(1) of the Con-
gressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 641(d)(1)) shall apply and may be waived in ac-cordance with the procedures applicable to a point of order raised under section 310(d)(2) of such Act. 
SEC. 3207. SCORING RULE FOR CERTAIN ENERGY 
CONTRACTS IN THE SENATE. 
(a) E STIMATES .—In the Senate, for purposes of 
determining points of order established under the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 621 et seq.) or any concurrent resolution on the budget, any estimate by the Congressional Budget Office of a provision in a bill, joint reso-lution, amendment, conference report, or amendment between the Houses that directly or indirectly modifies the use of the authority to enter covered energy savings contracts shall— 
(1) record in the first year in which the provi-
sion would become effective, the changes in budget authority, outlays, and revenues (as esti-mated in accordance with paragraph (2)) of any modifications to the use of the authority to enter the covered energy savings contracts; 
(2) in estimating the changes in budget au-
thority, outlays, and revenues of the legislation, calculate the costs and savings arising from cov-ered energy savings contracts, including re-quired payments under the covered energy sav-ings contracts, anticipated savings from reduc-tions in energy use, and other anticipated costs and reductions in spending associated with the covered energy savings contracts, on a net present value basis; and 
(3) classify the effects of the provision to be 
changes in spending subject to the availability of appropriations. 
(b) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in sub-
section (a) shall be construed to modify the methodology for estimating the changes in budg-et authority, outlays, and revenues of a provi-sion that— 
(1) does not relate to covered energy savings 
contracts in a bill, joint resolution, amendment, conference report, or amendment between the Houses that contains a provision described in subsection (a); or 
(2) provides appropriations. (c) D
EFINITION .—In this section, the term 
‘‘covered energy savings contract’’ means— 
(1) an energy savings performance contract 
authorized under section 801 of the National Energy Conservation Policy Act (42 U.S.C. 8287); and 
(2) a utility energy service contract, as de-
scribed in the Office of Management and Budget 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:13 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A29AP7.008 H29APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2526 April 29, 2015 
Memorandum on Federal use of energy savings 
performance contracting, dated July 25, 1998 (M–98–13), and the Office of Management and Budget Memorandum on the Federal use of en-ergy saving performance contracts and utility energy service contracts, dated September 28, 2012 (M–12–21), or any successor to either memo-randum. 
SEC. 3208. ADJUSTMENT FOR WILDFIRE SUPPRES-
SION FUNDING IN THE SENATE. 
If a measure becomes law that amends the ad-
justments to discretionary spending limits estab-lished under section 251(b) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 (2 U.S.C. 901(b)) for wildfire suppression funding, which may include criteria for making such an adjustment, the Chairman of the Com-mittee on the Budget of the Senate may adjust the allocation called for in section 302(a) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 633(a)) to the appropriate committee or commit-tees of the Senate, and may adjust all other budgetary aggregates, allocations, levels, and limits contained in this concurrent resolution, as necessary, consistent with such measure. 
Subtitle C—Budget Enforcement in the House 
of Representatives 
SEC. 3301. LIMITATION ON MEASURES AFFECTING 
SOCIAL SECURITY SOLVENCY IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—For purposes of the enforce-
ment of this concurrent resolution, upon its adoption until the end of fiscal year 2016, it shall not be in order to consider in the House of Representatives a bill or joint resolution, or an amendment thereto or conference report there-on, that reduces the actuarial balance by at least 0.01 percent of the present value of future taxable payroll of the Federal Old-Age and Sur-vivors Insurance Trust Fund established under section 201(a) of the Social Security Act for the 75-year period utilized in the most recent annual report of the Board of Trustees provided pursu-ant to section 201(c)(2) of the Social Security Act. 
(b) E
XCEPTION .—Subsection (a) shall not 
apply to a measure that would improve the ac-tuarial balance of the combined balance in the Federal Old-Age and Survivors Insurance Trust Fund and the Federal Disability Insurance Trust Fund for the 75-year period utilized in the most recent annual report of the Board of Trust-ees provided pursuant to section 201(c)(2) of the Social Security Act. 
SEC. 3302. LIMITATION ON TRANSFERS FROM THE 
GENERAL FUND OF THE TREASURY TO THE HIGHWAY TRUST FUND IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES. 
In the House of Representatives, for purposes 
of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 621 et seq.), the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 (2 U.S.C. 900 et seq.), and the rules or orders of the House of Representatives, a bill or joint resolution, or an amendment thereto or conference report thereon, that transfers funds from the general fund of the Treasury to the Highway Trust Fund, amounts transferred shall be counted as new budget authority and outlays equal to the amount of the transfer in the fiscal year the transfer occurs. 
SEC. 3303. ADJUSTMENTS FOR IMPROVED CON-
TROL OF BUDGETARY RESOURCES IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTA-TIVES. 
(a) A DJUSTMENTS OF DISCRETIONARY AND DI-
RECT SPENDING LEVELS .—In the House of Rep-
resentatives, if a committee (other than the Committee on Appropriations) reports a bill or joint resolution, or any amendment thereto is of-fered or any conference report thereon is sub-mitted, providing for a decrease in direct spend-ing (budget authority and outlays flowing therefrom) for any fiscal year and also provides for an authorization of appropriations for the same purpose, upon the enactment of such measure, the Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the House of Representatives may de-
crease the allocation to such committee and in-crease the allocation of discretionary spending (budget authority and outlays flowing there-from) to the Committee on Appropriations for fiscal year 2016 by an amount equal to the new budget authority (and outlays flowing there-from) provided for in a bill or joint resolution making appropriations for the same purpose. 
(b) D
ETERMINATIONS .—In the House of Rep-
resentatives, for the purpose of enforcing this concurrent resolution, the allocations and ag-gregate levels of new budget authority, outlays, direct spending, new entitlement authority, rev-enues, deficits, and surpluses for fiscal year 2016 and the period of fiscal years 2016 through fiscal year 2025 shall be determined on the basis of es-timates made by the Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the House of Representatives and such Chairman may adjust applicable levels of this concurrent resolution. 
SEC. 3304. LIMITATION ON ADVANCE APPROPRIA-
TIONS IN THE HOUSE OF REP-RESENTATIVES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—In the House of Representa-
tives, except as provided for in subsection (b), any bill or joint resolution, or amendment there-to or conference report thereon, making a gen-eral appropriation or continuing appropriation may not provide for advance appropriations. 
(b) E
XCEPTIONS .—An advance appropriation 
may be provided for programs, projects, activi-ties, or accounts identified in the report to ac-company this concurrent resolution or the joint explanatory statement of managers to accom-pany this concurrent resolution under the head-ing— 
(1) G
ENERAL .—‘‘Accounts Identified for Ad-
vance Appropriations’’. 
(2) V ETERANS .—‘‘Veterans Accounts Identified 
for Advance Appropriations’’. 
(c) L IMITATIONS .—The aggregate level of ad-
vance appropriations shall not exceed— 
(1) G ENERAL .—$28,852,000,000 in new budget 
authority for all programs identified pursuant to subsection (b)(1). 
(2) V
ETERANS .—$63,271,000,000 in new budget 
authority for programs in the Department of Veterans Affairs identified pursuant to sub-section (b)(2). 
(d) D
EFINITION .—The term ‘‘advance appro-
priation’’ means any new discretionary budget authority provided in a bill or joint resolution, or any amendment thereto or conference report thereon, making general appropriations or con-tinuing appropriations, for the fiscal year fol-lowing fiscal year 2016. 
SEC. 3305. CERTAIN ENERGY CONTRACTS IN THE 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES. 
The House of Representatives shall assess the 
implementation of section 3207 of this concur-rent resolution through a collaborative assess-ment with the Senate and the Congressional Budget Office of the appropriate scorekeeping methodology for evaluating the budgetary ef-fects of energy savings performance contracts authorized under section 801 of the National Energy Conservation Policy Act (42 U.S.C. 8287). 
Subtitle D—Other Provisions 
SEC. 3401. SUBMISSION OF FINDINGS FOR THE 
ELIMINATION OF WASTE, FRAUD, AND ABUSE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—In the Senate and the House 
of Representatives, all committees are directed to review programs within their jurisdiction to identify waste, fraud, abuse, or duplication, and increase the use of performance data to in-form committee work. 
(b) R
EVIEW .—Committees are also directed to 
review the applicable matters for congressional consideration identified in the Office of Inspec-tor General semiannual reports and the Office of Inspector General’s list of unimplemented rec-ommendations and on the Government Account-ability Office’s High Risk list and the annual re-port to reduce program duplication. (c) R
EPORT .—After completing the oversight 
and performance reviews of programs within their jurisdiction under subsections (a) and (b), the committees are directed to include rec-ommendations for improved governmental per-formance in their annual views and estimates reports submitted by the committees to the Com-mittees on the Budget of the applicable House of Congress under section 301(d) of the Congres-sional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 632(d)). 
SEC. 3402. BUDGETARY TREATMENT OF ADMINIS-
TRATIVE EXPENSES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding section 
302(a)(1) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 633(a)(1)), section 13301 of the Budget Enforcement Act of 1990 (2 U.S.C. 632 note), and section 2009a of title 39, United States Code, the report accompanying this concurrent resolution on the budget or the joint explana-tory statement accompanying the conference re-port on any concurrent resolution on the budget shall include in its allocation under section 302(a) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 to the Committee on Appropriations of the appli-cable House of Congress amounts for the discre-tionary administrative expenses of the Social Se-curity Administration and the United States Postal Service. 
(b) S
PECIAL RULE.—In the Senate and the 
House of Representatives, for purposes of en-forcing sections 302(f) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 633(f)), estimates of the level of total new budget authority and total outlays provided by a measure shall include any discretionary amounts described in subsection (a). 
SEC. 3403. APPLICATION AND EFFECT OF 
CHANGES IN ALLOCATIONS AND AG-GREGATES. 
(a) A PPLICATION .—Any adjustments of alloca-
tions and aggregates made pursuant to this con-current resolution shall— 
(1) apply while that measure is under consid-
eration; 
(2) take effect upon the enactment of that 
measure; and 
(3) be published in the Congressional Record 
as soon as practicable. 
(b) E
FFECT OF CHANGED ALLOCATIONS AND AG-
GREGATES .—Revised allocations and aggregates 
resulting from these adjustments shall be consid-ered for the purposes of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 621 et seq.) as allo-cations and aggregates contained in this con-current resolution. 
(c) B
UDGET COMMITTEE DETERMINATIONS .— 
For purposes of this concurrent resolution the levels of new budget authority, outlays, direct spending, new entitlement authority, revenues, deficits, and surpluses for a fiscal year or period of fiscal years shall be determined on the basis of estimates made by the Committee on the Budget of the applicable House of Congress. 
(d) A
GGREGATES , ALLOCATIONS AND APPLICA -
TION.—In the House of Representatives, for pur-
poses of this concurrent resolution and budget enforcement, the consideration of any bill or joint resolution, or amendment thereto or con-ference report thereon, for which the Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the House of Representatives makes adjustments or revisions in the allocations, aggregates, and other budg-etary levels of this concurrent resolution shall not be subject to the points of order set forth in clause 10 of rule XXI of the Rules of the House of Representatives or section 3101 of this concur-rent resolution. 
SEC. 3404. ADJUSTMENTS TO REFLECT CHANGES 
IN CONCEPTS AND DEFINITIONS. 
Upon the enactment of a bill or joint resolu-
tion providing for a change in concepts or defi-nitions, the Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the applicable House of Congress may make adjustments to the levels and allocations in this concurrent resolution in accordance with section 251(b) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 (2 U.S.C. 901(b)). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:13 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A29AP7.008 H29APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2527 April 29, 2015 
SEC. 3405. EXERCISE OF RULEMAKING POWERS. 
Congress adopts the provisions of this title— 
(1) as an exercise of the rulemaking power of 
the Senate and the House of Representatives, re-spectively, and as such they shall be considered as part of the rules of each House or of that House to which they specifically apply, and such rules shall supersede other rules only to the extent that they are inconsistent with such other rules; and 
(2) with full recognition of the constitutional 
right of either the Senate or the House of Rep-resentatives to change those rules (insofar as they relate to that House) at any time, in the same manner, and to the same extent as is the case of any other rule of the Senate or House of Representatives. 
TITLE IV—RESERVE FUNDS 
Subtitle A—Reserve Funds in Both Houses 
SEC. 4101. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND TO 
REDUCE POVERTY AND INCREASE OPPORTUNITY AND UPWARD MOBIL-ITY FOR STRUGGLING AMERICANS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budg-
et of the Senate and the Chairman of the Com-mittee on the Budget of the House of Represent-atives may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appro-priate levels in this resolution— 
(1) in the Senate, for one or more bills, joint 
resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, conference reports, or motions relat-ing to programs or policies designed to reduce poverty and increase opportunity and upward mobility for struggling Americans on the road to personal and financial independence by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would neither adversely impact job creation nor in-crease the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the pe-riod of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025; and 
(2) in the House of Representatives, for one or 
more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, or conference reports relating to programs or poli-cies designed to reduce poverty and increase op-portunity and upward mobility for struggling Americans on the road to personal and financial independence by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would neither adversely impact job creation nor increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
Subtitle B—Reserve Funds in the Senate 
SEC. 4301. SPENDING-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
TO INCREASE THE PACE OF ECO-NOMIC GROWTH AND PRIVATE SEC-TOR JOB CREATION IN THE UNITED STATES. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budg-
et of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to— 
(1) growing the economy; (2) lowering the after-tax costs of investment, 
savings, and work; 
(3) reducing the costs to business and individ-
uals from the Internal Revenue Code of 1986; 
(4) reducing the costs borne by economic activ-
ity in the United States stemming from Federal regulations, including the costs incurred by in-dividuals in complying with Federal law when starting a business; 
(5) reducing the costs of frivolous lawsuits; (6) creating a more competitive financial sec-
tor to support economic growth and job creation while enhancing the credit worthiness of lend-ing institutions; or 
(7) improving the ability of policy makers to 
estimate the economic effects of policy change through the enhanced use of economic models and data in scoring legislation; without raising new revenue, by the amounts 
provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not in-crease the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the pe-riod of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 4302. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND TO 
STRENGTHEN AMERICA’S PRIOR-ITIES. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budg-
et of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to enhanced funding for national security or domestic discretionary programs by the amounts provided in such legis-lation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 4303. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND TO 
PROTECT FLEXIBLE AND AFFORD-ABLE HEALTH CARE CHOICES FOR ALL. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budg-
et of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger that are deficit-neutral over 11 years, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amend-ments between the Houses, motions, or con-ference reports relating to— 
(1) full repeal of the Patient Protection and 
Affordable Care Act (Public Law 111–148; 124 Stat. 119) and the health care related provisions of the Health Care and Education Reconcili-ation Act of 2010 (Public Law 111–152; 124 Stat. 1029); or 
(2) replacing the Patient Protection and Af-
fordable Care Act (Public Law 111–148; 124 Stat. 119) or the health care related provisions of the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010 (Public Law 111–152; 124 Stat. 1029); 
by the amounts provided in such legislation for 
those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 4304. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND FOR 
IMPROVING ACCESS TO THE STATE CHILDREN’S HEALTH INSURANCE PROGRAM. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budg-
et of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to improving access to affordable health care for low-income chil-dren, including the State Children’s Health In-surance Program, by the amounts provided in such legislation for that purpose, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 4305. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND FOR 
OTHER HEALTH REFORMS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budg-
et of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to— 
(1) the requirement to individually purchase, 
or jointly provide, health insurance; 
(2) extending expiring health care provisions; (3) the September 11th terrorism attacks at the 
World Trade Center, the Pentagon, and the Shanksville Crash site, which may include legis-lation that extends medical monitoring and treatment services and compensation for first re-sponders, survivors, and their families; (4) improvements in medical research, innova-
tion and safety; or 
(5) strengthening program integrity initiatives 
to reduce fraud, waste, and abuse in Federal health care programs; 
by the amounts provided in such legislation for 
that purpose, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the pe-riod of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 4306. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND FOR 
CHILD WELFARE. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budg-
et of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to— 
(1) child nutrition programs; (2) replacing ineffective policies and programs 
with evidence-based alternative that improve the welfare of vulnerable children; or 
(3) policies that protect children from sexual 
predators in our schools or communities; 
by the amounts provided in such legislation for 
those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the pe-riod of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 4307. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND FOR 
VETERANS AND SERVICEMEMBERS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budg-
et of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to the improvement of the delivery of benefits and services to vet-erans and servicemembers by the amounts pro-vided in such legislation for that purpose, pro-vided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 4308. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND FOR 
TAX REFORM AND ADMINISTRATION. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budg-
et of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to— 
(1) reforming the Internal Revenue Code of 
1986; 
(2) amending the Internal Revenue Code of 
1986 to extend certain expiring tax relief provi-sions; 
(3) innovation and high quality manufac-
turing jobs, including the repeal of the 2.3 per-cent excise tax on medical device manufacturers; or 
(4) operations and administration of the De-
partment of the Treasury; 
by the amounts provided in such legislation for 
those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the pe-riod of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 4309. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND TO 
INVEST IN THE INFRASTRUCTURE IN AMERICA. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budg-
et of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to Federal invest-ment in the infrastructure of the United States, including programs that expedite the deploy-ment of broadband to rural areas by the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:13 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A29AP7.008 H29APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2528 April 29, 2015 
amounts provided in such legislation for that 
purpose, provided that such legislation shall not include transfers from other trust funds but may include transfers from the general fund of the Treasury that are offset, provided further that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 4310. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND FOR 
AIR TRANSPORTATION. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budg-
et of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to Federal spending on civil air traffic control services, which may include air traffic management at airport towers across the United States or at facilities of the Federal Aviation Administration, by the amounts provided in such legislation for that purpose, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 4311. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND TO 
PROMOTE JOBS IN THE UNITED STATES THROUGH INTERNATIONAL TRADE. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budg-
et of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to— 
(1) suspending or reducing tariffs on miscella-
neous imports; 
(2) reauthorization of trade related Federal 
agencies; 
(3) implementing international trade agree-
ments; 
(4) reauthorizing or extending trade adjust-
ment assistance programs; 
(5) reauthorizing preference programs; or (6) enhancing the protection of United States 
intellectual property rights at the border and abroad; 
by the amounts provided in such legislation for 
those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the pe-riod of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 4312. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND TO 
INCREASE EMPLOYMENT OPPORTU-NITIES FOR DISABLED WORKERS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budg-
et of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to the administration of disability benefits and the improved employ-ment of disabled workers by the amounts pro-vided in such legislation for those purposes, pro-vided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 4313. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND FOR 
HIGHER EDUCATION ACT REFORM. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budg-
et of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports that amend the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1001 et seq.) by the amounts provided in such legislation for that purpose, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the 
period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 4314. SPENDING-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
FOR ENERGY LEGISLATION. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budg-
et of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to— 
(1) reform of the management of civilian and 
defense nuclear waste; 
(2) reform and reauthorization of programs at 
the Department of Energy related to research and development of alternative or renewable forms of energy, fossil fuel exploration and use, clean coal technologies (including carbon cap-ture and sequestration), nuclear energy, or the electricity grid; 
(3) expansion of North American energy pro-
duction; or 
(4) reform of the permitting and siting proc-
esses for energy infrastructure; 
without raising new revenue, by the amounts 
provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not in-crease the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the pe-riod of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 4315. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND TO 
REFORM ENVIRONMENTAL STAT-UTES. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budg-
et of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to reform of environ-mental statutes to promote job growth by the amounts provided in such legislation for that purpose, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 4316. SPENDING-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
FOR WATER RESOURCES LEGISLA-TION. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budg-
et of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to improving flood control, expanding opportunities for commercial navigation, and improving the environmental restoration of the nation’s waterways, assisting the States in carrying out drought prevention plans, strengthening waterborne commerce in the Nation’s ports and harbors, or relating to the authority of the Secretary of the Interior to designate funds for rural water projects and In-dian irrigation and water settlement projects, without raising new revenue, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not in-crease the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the pe-riod of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 4317. SPENDING-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
ON MINERAL SECURITY AND MIN-ERAL RIGHTS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budg-
et of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to— 
(1) reducing reliance on mineral imports; or (2) the authority to deduct certain amounts 
from mineral revenues payable to States; without raising new revenue, by the amounts 
provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not in-crease the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the pe-riod of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 4318. SPENDING-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
TO REFORM THE ABANDONED MINE LANDS PROGRAM. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budg-
et of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to the Surface Min-ing Control and Reclamation Act of 1977 (30 U.S.C. 1201 et seq.) without raising new rev-enue, by the amounts provided in such legisla-tion for that purpose, provided that such legis-lation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 4319. SPENDING-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
TO IMPROVE FOREST HEALTH. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budg-
et of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to— 
(1) increasing timber production from Federal 
lands and providing bridge funding to counties and other units of local government until timber production levels increase; 
(2) decreasing forest hazardous fuel loads; (3) improving stewardship contracting; or (4) reform of the process of budgeting for wild-
fire suppression operations; 
without raising new revenue, by the amounts 
provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not in-crease the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the pe-riod of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 4320. SPENDING-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
TO REAUTHORIZE FUNDING FOR PAYMENTS IN LIEU OF TAXES TO COUNTIES AND OTHER UNITS OF LOCAL GOVERNMENT. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budg-
et of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to Payments In Lieu of Taxes (PILT), which may include funding the payments in lieu of taxes program at levels roughly equivalent to lost tax revenues due to the presence of Federal land without raising new revenue, by the amounts provided in such legislation for that purpose, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 4321. SPENDING-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
FOR FINANCIAL REGULATORY SYS-TEM REFORM. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budg-
et of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to regulatory relief for small financial firms, improvements in the effectiveness of the financial regulatory frame-work, enhancements in oversight and account-ability of the Federal Reserve System, and ex-pansions in access to capital markets without raising new revenue, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:13 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A29AP7.008 H29APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2529 April 29, 2015 
that such legislation would not increase the def-
icit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 4322. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND TO 
IMPROVE FEDERAL PROGRAM AD-MINISTRATION. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budg-
et of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to improving the processing of earnings reports for the Supple-mental Security Income and Social Security Dis-ability Insurance programs by the amounts pro-vided in such legislation for that purpose, pro-vided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 4323. SPENDING-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
TO IMPLEMENT AGREEMENTS WITH FREELY ASSOCIATED STATES. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budg-
et of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to the implementa-tion of agreements between the United States and nations with whom it maintains a Compact of Free Association without raising new rev-enue, by the amounts provided in such legisla-tion for that purpose, provided that such legis-lation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 4324. SPENDING-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
TO PROTECT PAYMENTS TO RURAL HOSPITALS AND CREATE SUSTAIN-ABLE ACCESS FOR RURAL COMMU-NITIES. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budg-
et of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to protecting pay-ments to rural hospitals and creating sustain-able access for rural communities without rais-ing new revenue, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the def-icit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 4325. SPENDING-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
TO ENCOURAGE STATE MEDICAID DEMONSTRATION PROGRAMS TO PROMOTE INDEPENDENT LIVING AND INTEGRATED WORK FOR THE DISABLED. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budg-
et of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to encouraging State Medicaid demonstration programs to promote independent living and integrated work for the disabled without raising new revenue, by the amounts provided in such legislation for that purpose, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 4326. SPENDING-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
TO ALLOW PHARMACISTS TO BE PAID FOR THE PROVISION OF SERV-ICES UNDER MEDICARE. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budg-
et of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other 
appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to payments to phar-macists for the provision of services under Medi-care without raising new revenue, by the amounts provided in such legislation for that purpose, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 4327. SPENDING-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
TO IMPROVE OUR NATION’S COMMU-NITY HEALTH CENTERS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budg-
et of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to supporting and improving community health centers without raising new revenue, by the amounts provided in such legislation for that purpose, provided that such legislation would not increase the def-icit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 4328. SPENDING-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO THE FUNDING OF INDEPENDENT AGENCIES, WHICH MAY INCLUDE SUBJECTING THE CONSUMER FINANCIAL PROTECTION BUREAU TO THE REGULAR APPRO-PRIATIONS PROCESS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budg-
et of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to the funding of independent agencies, which may include sub-jecting the Consumer Financial Protection Bu-reau to the regular appropriations process with-out raising new revenue, by the amounts pro-vided in such legislation for that purpose, pro-vided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 4329. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND TO 
REFORM, IMPROVE, AND ENHANCE 529 COLLEGE SAVINGS PLANS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budg-
et of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to reforms, improve-ments, and enhancements of 529 college savings plans by the amounts provided in such legisla-tion for that purpose, provided that such legis-lation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 4330. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO SECURING OVERSEAS DIPLOMATIC FACILITIES OF THE UNITED STATES. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budg-
et of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to the security of the overseas diplomatic facilities of the United States by the amounts provided in such legisla-tion for those purposes, provided that such leg-islation would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. SEC. 4331. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO EXPANDING, ENHANC-ING, OR OTHERWISE IMPROVING SCIENCE, TECHNOLOGY, ENGINEER-ING, AND MATHEMATICS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budg-
et of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to expanding, en-hancing, or otherwise improving science, tech-nology, engineering, and mathematics by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 4332. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO PROMOTING MANUFAC-TURING IN THE UNITED STATES. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budg-
et of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to investment in the manufacturing sector in the United States, which may include educational or research and development initiatives, public-private partner-ships, or other programs, by the amounts pro-vided in such legislation for those purposes, pro-vided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 4333. SPENDING-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
TO PROHIBIT ALIENS WITHOUT LEGAL STATUS IN THE UNITED STATES FROM QUALIFYING FOR A REFUNDABLE TAX CREDIT. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budg-
et of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to benefits for aliens without legal status in the United States, which may include prohibiting qualification for certain tax benefits without raising new revenue, by the amounts provided in such legislation for that purpose, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 4334. DEFICIT-REDUCTION RESERVE FUND 
FOR REPORT ELIMINATION OR MODIFICATION. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budg-
et of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports that achieve savings through the elimination, modification, or the reduction in frequency of congressionally mandated re-ports from Federal agencies, and reduce the def-icit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2021 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. The Chairman may also make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger over 6 and 11 years to en-sure that the deficit reduction achieved is used for deficit reduction only. The adjustments au-thorized under this section shall be of the amount of deficit reduction achieved. 
SEC. 4335. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND TO 
ADDRESS HEROIN, METHAMPHET-AMINE, AND PRESCRIPTION OPIOID ABUSE. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budg-
et of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:13 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A29AP7.008 H29APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2530 April 29, 2015 
appropriate levels in this resolution for one or 
more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to addressing efforts to combat heroin, methamphetamine, and pre-scription opioid abuse by the amounts provided in such legislation for that purpose, provided that such legislation would not increase the def-icit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 4336. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND TO 
STRENGTHEN OUR DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE CIVILIAN WORKFORCE. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budg-
et of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to strengthening our civilian workforce by the amounts provided in such legislation for that purpose, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over the period of either the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 4337. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND FOR 
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE REFORM. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budg-
et of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to improving Depart-ment of Defense financial management, which may include achieving full auditability or elimi-nating waste, fraud, and abuse, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not in-crease the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the pe-riod of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 4338. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND TO 
IMPROVE FEDERAL WORKFORCE DE-VELOPMENT, JOB TRAINING, AND REEMPLOYMENT PROGRAMS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budg-
et of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to reducing ineffi-cient overlap, improving access, and enhancing outcomes with Federal workforce development, job training, and reemployment programs by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 4339. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND TO 
PROVIDE ENERGY ASSISTANCE AND INVEST IN ENERGY EFFICIENCY AND CONSERVATION. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budg-
et of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to— 
(1) energy efficiency, which may include 
weatherization and energy efficiency retrofit programs for low-income individuals; 
(2) the Low Income Home Energy Assistance 
Program, which may include seasonal assist-ance and crisis fuel assistance to low-income in-dividuals; 
(3) Federal programs for land and water con-
servation, including the Land and Water Con-servation Fund; or 
(4) the reduction of duplicative Federal green 
building programs; by the amounts provided in such legislation for 
those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the pe-riod of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 4340. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND TO 
END OPERATION CHOKE POINT AND PROTECT THE SECOND AMENDMENT. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budg-
et of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to the Department of Justice, which may include ending the Oper-ation Choke Point program, by the amounts pro-vided in such legislation for that purpose, pro-
vided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 4341. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND TO 
PREVENT THE USE OF FEDERAL FUNDS FOR THE BAILOUT OF IM-PROVIDENT STATE AND LOCAL GOV-ERNMENTS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budg-
et of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to a prohibition, ex-cept in the case of Federal assistance provided in response to a natural disaster, on any entity of the Federal Government providing funds to State and local governments to prevent receiver-ship or to facilitate exit from receivership or to prevent default on its obligations by a State government by the amounts provided in such legislation for that purpose, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 4342. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND TO 
IMPROVE HEALTH OUTCOMES AND LOWER THE COSTS OF CARING FOR MEDICALLY COMPLEX CHILDREN IN MEDICAID. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budg-
et of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to improving the health outcomes and lowering the costs of car-ing for medically complex children in Medicaid, which may include creating or expanding inte-grated delivery models or improving care coordi-nation, by the amounts provided in such legisla-tion for those purposes, provided that such leg-islation would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 4343. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND TO 
MAINTAIN AND ENHANCE ACCESS, CHOICE, AND ACCOUNTABILITY IN VETERANS CARE THROUGH THE VET-ERANS CHOICE CARD PROGRAM. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budg-
et of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to maintaining and enhancing access, choice, and accountability in veterans care through the Veterans Choice Card program by the amounts provided in such legis-lation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. SEC. 4344. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO PROMOTING EQUAL PAY. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budg-
et of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to promoting equal pay, which may include preventing discrimina-tion on the basis of sex and preventing retalia-tion against employees for seeking or discussing wage information, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the def-icit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 4345. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO LEGISLATION SUB-MITTED TO CONGRESS BY THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES TO PROTECT AND STRENGTHEN SO-CIAL SECURITY. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budg-
et of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to legislation sub-mitted to Congress by the President of the United States to protect current beneficiaries of the Social Security program and prevent the in-solvency of the program by the amounts pro-vided in such legislation for such purpose, pro-vided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 4346. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO A SIMPLIFIED INCOME- DRIVEN STUDENT LOAN REPAYMENT OPTION. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budg-
et of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to addressing stu-dent loan debt, which may include reducing overlapping student loan repayment programs and creating a simplified income-driven student loan repayment option, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the def-icit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 4347. SPENDING-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO KEEPING THE FED-ERAL WATER POLLUTION CONTROL ACT FOCUSED ON THE PROTECTION OF WATER QUALITY. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budg-
et of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to ensuring that Federal jurisdiction under the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1251 et seq.) is focused on water quality, which may include limiting jurisdiction based on the movement of birds, mammals, or insects through the air or over the land, the movement of water through the ground, or the movement of rainwater or snowmelt over the land, or limiting jurisdiction over puddles, isolated ponds, roadside ditches, irrigation ditches, stormwater systems, waste-water systems, or water delivery, reuse, or rec-lamation systems, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not raise new rev-enue and would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:13 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A29AP7.008 H29APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2531 April 29, 2015 
through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal 
years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 4348. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO SUPPORTING ISRAEL. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budg-
et of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to United States pol-icy toward Israel and the prevention of anti- Semitism in Europe, which may include pre-venting the United Nations and other inter-national institutions, including human rights organizations, from taking unfair or discrimina-tory action against Israel, and supporting ef-forts to prevent anti-Semitism in Europe, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 4349. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO FAMILY AND MEDICAL LEAVE. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budg-
et of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to efforts to improve workplace benefits and reduce health care costs, which may include tax credits for employers providing paid family and medical leave, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 4350. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO PROVIDING HEALTH CARE TO VETERANS WHO HAVE GEO-GRAPHIC INACCESSIBILITY TO CARE. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budg-
et of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to providing health care to veterans who reside more than 40 miles driving distance from the closest medical facility of the Department of Veterans Affairs that pro-vides the care sought by the veteran by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 4351. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO INCREASING ACCESS TO HIGHER EDUCATION FOR LOW-IN-COME AMERICANS THROUGH THE FEDERAL PELL GRANT PROGRAM. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budg-
et of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to increasing access to higher education for low-income Americans through the Federal Pell Grant program, which may include allowing for 1 or more additional payment periods during the same award year, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the pe-riod of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. SEC. 4352. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO TRANSPARENCY IN HEALTH PREMIUM BILLING. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budg-
et of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to increased disclo-sure of any Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (Public Law 111–148) tax in health in-surance monthly premium statements by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 4353. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO CARBON EMISSIONS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budg-
et of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports related to carbon emissions, which may include prohibitions on Federal taxes or fees imposed on carbon emissions from any product or entity that is a direct or indirect source of emissions, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the def-icit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 4354. SPENDING-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO REQUIRING THE FED-ERAL GOVERNMENT TO ALLOW STATES TO OPT OUT OF COMMON CORE WITHOUT PENALTY. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budg-
et of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to prohibiting the Federal Government from mandating, incentivizing, or coercing States to adopt the Common Core State Standards or any other spe-cific academic standards, instructional content, curricula, assessments, or programs of instruc-tion and allowing States to opt out of the Com-mon Core State Standards without penalty by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not raise new revenue and would not in-crease the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the pe-riod of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 4355. SPENDING-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO THE DISPOSAL OF CERTAIN FEDERAL LAND. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budg-
et of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to initiatives to sell or transfer to, or exchange with, a State or local government any Federal land that is not within the boundaries of a National Park, National Preserve, or National Monument by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not raise 
new revenue and would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. SEC. 4356. SPENDING-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO PROHIBITING FUND-ING OF INTERNATIONAL ORGANIZA-TIONS DURING THE IMPLEMENTA-TION OF THE UNITED NATIONS ARMS TRADE TREATY PRIOR TO SEN-ATE RATIFICATION AND ADOPTION OF IMPLEMENTING LEGISLATION. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budg-
et of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to funding, which may include prohibiting funding for the United 
Nations Arms Trade Treaty Secretariat or any international organizations created to support the implementation of the United Nations Arms Trade Treaty prior to Senate ratification and adoption of implementing legislation, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not raise new revenue and would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 4357. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO REIMPOSING WAIVED SANCTIONS AND IMPOSING NEW SANCTIONS AGAINST IRAN FOR VIO-LATIONS OF THE JOINT PLAN OF AC-TION OR A COMPREHENSIVE NU-CLEAR AGREEMENT. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budg-
et of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to Iran, which may include efforts to immediately reimpose waived sanctions and impose new sanctions against the Government of Iran if the President cannot make a determination and certify that Iran is complying with the Joint Plan of Action or a comprehensive agreement on Iran’s nuclear pro-gram, by the amounts provided in such legisla-tion for those purposes, provided that such leg-islation would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 4358. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO SUPPORTING UNITED STATES CITIZENS HELD HOSTAGE IN THE UNITED STATES EMBASSY IN TEHRAN, IRAN, BETWEEN NOVEM-BER 3, 1979, AND JANUARY 20, 1981. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budg-
et of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to supporting citi-zens of the United States held hostage in the United States embassy in Tehran, Iran, between November 3, 1979, and January 20, 1981, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 4359. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO REASONABLE ACCOM-MODATIONS FOR PREGNANT WORK-ERS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budg-
et of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to efforts to increase employment opportunities and prevent employ-ment discrimination, which may include meas-ures to prevent employment discrimination against pregnant workers, to provide pregnant 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:13 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A29AP7.008 H29APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2532 April 29, 2015 
workers with a right to workplace accommoda-
tions, and to ensure that employers comply with requirements regarding such workplace accom-modations for pregnant workers, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not in-crease the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the pe-riod of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 4360. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND TO 
PERMANENTLY ELIMINATE THE FED-ERAL ESTATE TAX. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budg-
et of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to changes in the Federal income tax laws, which may include eliminating the Federal estate tax, by the amounts provided in such legislation for that purpose, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 4361. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO REGULATION BY THE EN-VIRONMENTAL PROTECTION AGEN-CY OF GREENHOUSE GAS EMIS-SIONS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budg-
et of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to the regulation by the Environmental Protection Agency of green-house gas emissions, which may include a prohi-bition on withholding highway funds from States that refuse to submit State Implementa-tion Plans required under the Clean Power Plan of the Agency, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 4362. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO PROTECTING PRIVATELY HELD WATER RIGHTS AND PERMITS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budg-
et of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to protecting commu-nities, businesses, recreationists, farmers, ranch-ers, or other groups that rely on privately held water rights and permits from Federal takings by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the pe-riod of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 4363. SPENDING-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO PROHIBITING AWARD-ING OF CONSTRUCTION CONTRACTS BASED ON AWARDEES ENTERING OR NOT ENTERING INTO AGREEMENTS WITH LABOR ORGANIZATIONS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budg-
et of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to a prohibition on the awarding of construction contracts on be-half of the Government based upon any solicita-tions, bid specifications, project agreements, or other controlling documents that require or pro-hibit bidders, offerors, contractors, or sub-contractors to enter into or adhere to agree-
ments with one or more labor organizations or discriminate against or give preference to such bidders, offerors, contractors, or subcontractors based on their entering or refusing to enter into such agreements by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not raise new rev-enue and would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 4364. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND TO 
PREVENT AMERICAN JOBS FROM BEING MOVED OVERSEAS BY REDUC-ING THE CORPORATE INCOME TAX RATE. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budg-
et of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to preventing Amer-ican jobs from being moved overseas, which may include a reduction in the corporate income tax rate, by the amounts provided in such legisla-tion for those purposes, provided that such leg-islation would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 4365. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND TO 
INCREASE WAGES FOR AMERICAN WORKERS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budg-
et of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to reaffirming the ability of States to adopt minimum wages higher than the Federal minimum wage level commen-surate with the cost of living in the State, which may include the adoption of pro-employment and wage-increasing policies by providing pro- growth tax relief and eliminating excessive gov-ernment mandates, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the def-icit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 4366. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO DETERRING THE MIGRA-TION OF UNACCOMPANIED CHIL-DREN FROM EL SALVADOR, GUATE-MALA, AND HONDURAS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budg-
et of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to deterring the at-tempted migration of unaccompanied children from El Salvador, Guatemala, and Honduras into the United States, which may include the expedited removal of unlawful entrants from noncontiguous countries, by the amounts pro-vided in such legislation for those purposes, pro-vided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 4367. SPENDING-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO ENSURING PROPER ECONOMIC CONSIDERATION IN DES-IGNATION OF CRITICAL HABITAT. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budg-
et of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to critical habitat designations, which may include requirements that the United States Fish and Wildlife Service 
examine the cumulative economic effects of the designation, such as on land or property uses or values, regional employment, or revenue impacts on States and units of local government, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not raise new revenue and would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 4368. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND TO 
END ‘‘TOO BIG TO FAIL’’ BAILOUTS FOR WALL STREET MEGA-BANKS (OVER $500 BILLION IN TOTAL AS-SETS). 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budg-
et of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to any bank holding companies with over $500,000,000,000 in total as-sets to better protect taxpayers, including such measures as capital or leverage requirements, re-strictions on the growth, activities, or operations of a company, or divestiture of assets or oper-ations of any company that is unable to present a credible plan to facilitate an orderly bank-ruptcy or resolution, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the def-icit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 4369. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO ENDING WASHINGTON’S ILLEGAL EXEMPTION FROM THE PA-TIENT PROTECTION AND AFFORD-ABLE CARE ACT. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budg-
et of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to developing meth-ods that ensure that all Members of Congress, the President, the Vice President, and all polit-ical appointees of the Administration procure their health insurance on the individual ex-change in the same way as Americans at the same income level by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the def-icit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 4370. SPENDING-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO INCREASING FUNDING FOR THE RELOCATION OF THE UNITED STATES EMBASSY IN ISRAEL FROM TEL AVIV TO JERUSALEM. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budg-
et of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to increasing fund-ing for United States embassies, which may in-clude the relocation of the United States Em-bassy in Israel from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not raise new revenue and would not in-crease the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the pe-riod of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 4371. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO PROMOTING THE RE-TURN OF CHILDREN WHO HAVE BEEN LEGALLY ADOPTED BY UNITED STATES CITIZENS FROM THE DEMO-CRATIC REPUBLIC OF THE CONGO. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budg-
et of the Senate may revise the allocations of a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:13 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A29AP7.008 H29APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2533 April 29, 2015 
committee or committees, aggregates, and other 
appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to promoting the re-turn of children who have been legally adopted by United States citizens from the Democratic Republic of the Congo by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the def-icit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 4372. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO DEVELOPMENT OF A NEW NUCLEAR-CAPABLE CRUISE MISSILE BY THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE AND THE NATIONAL NUCLEAR SECU-RITY ADMINISTRATION. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budg-
et of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to the development of a new nuclear-capable cruise missile by the Department of Defense and the National Nu-clear Security Administration by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not in-crease the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the pe-riod of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 4373. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND TO 
PROVIDE EQUITY IN THE TAX TREAT-MENT OF PUBLIC SAFETY OFFICER DEATH BENEFITS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budg-
et of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to providing tax eq-uity for death benefits paid to the families of public safety officers who lose their lives in the line of duty by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 4374. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO ELIMINATING THE BACK-LOG OF SEXUAL ASSAULT EVIDENCE KITS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budg-
et of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to eliminating the backlog of sexual assault evidence kits, which may include auditing the hidden backlog of un-tested sexual assault kits and ensuring that the collection and processing of DNA evidence by law enforcement agencies from crimes is carried out in an appropriate and timely manner, by the amounts provided in such legislation for that purpose, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the pe-riod of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 4375. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO MIXED OXIDE FUEL FAB-RICATION. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budg-
et of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to mixed oxide fuel fabrication by the amounts provided in such leg-islation for that purpose, provided that such 
legislation would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 4376. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO REFORMING OFFICES OF INSPECTORS GENERAL AND PRE-VENTING EXTENDED VACANCIES. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budg-
et of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to strengthening and reforming Federal Offices of Inspectors General, reducing vacancies in such Offices, and pro-viding for improvements in the overall economy, efficiency, and effectiveness of Inspectors Gen-eral by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 4377. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO IMPROVING RETIREMENT SECURITY. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budg-
et of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to improving retire-ment security by making it easier for small busi-nesses to provide retirement plans for their em-ployees by easing the administrative burden and by encouraging individuals to increase their savings by the amounts provided in such legisla-
tion for those purposes, provided that such leg-islation would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 4378. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND TO 
IMPROVE THE COMPETITIVENESS OF THE UNITED STATES. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budg-
et of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to improving basic science research and development programs in the United States by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the def-icit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 4379. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO ENSURING THAT THE CONSERVATION OF NORTHERN LONG-EARED BAT POPULATIONS AND LOCAL ECONOMIC DEVELOP-MENT ARE COMPATIBLE. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budg-
et of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.), which may include requirements that State con-servation plans relating to the northern long- eared bat are given maximum flexibility to be successful so as to preserve and protect local and rural economies before any Federal listing decision is made with respect to the northern long-eared bat, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. SEC. 4380. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND TO 
IMPROVE CYBERSECURITY. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budg-
et of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to increased sharing of cybersecurity threat information while pro-tecting individual privacy and civil liberties in-terests by the amounts provided in such legisla-tion for that purpose, provided that such legis-lation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 4381. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND TO 
ALLOW THE DRUG ENFORCEMENT ADMINISTRATION AND FEDERAL BU-REAU OF INVESTIGATION TO ENTER INTO JOINT TASK FORCES WITH TRIBAL AND LOCAL LAW ENFORCE-MENT AGENCIES. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budg-
et of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to the Drug Enforce-ment Administration and Federal Bureau of In-vestigation entering into joint task forces with tribal and local law enforcement agencies by the amounts provided in such legislation for that purpose, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 4382. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO ENCOURAGING COST SAVINGS IN OFFICE SPACE USED BY FEDERAL AGENCIES. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budg-
et of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to encouraging cost savings in office space used by Federal agencies, which may include encouraging Federal agen-cies to utilize office space unused by the Federal Government before purchasing or renting addi-tional space, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 4383. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO PROVIDING TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE TO SMALL BUSINESSES AND ASPIRING ENTREPRENEURS THROUGH SMALL BUSINESS DEVEL-OPMENT CENTERS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budg-
et of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to providing tech-nical assistance to small businesses and aspiring entrepreneurs through small business develop-ment centers by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 4384. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO ENSURING THAT MED-ICAL FACILITIES OF THE DEPART-MENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS MEET THE NEEDS OF WOMEN VETERANS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budg-
et of the Senate may revise the allocations of a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:13 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A29AP7.008 H29APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2534 April 29, 2015 
committee or committees, aggregates, and other 
appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to ensuring that medical facilities of the Department of Veterans Affairs meet the needs of women veterans by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 4385. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO SUPPORTING EFFICIENT RESOURCING FOR THE ASIA REBAL-ANCE POLICY. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budg-
et of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to providing funding related to supporting efficient resourcing for the Asia rebalance policy by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the def-icit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 4386. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO PREVENTING ACCESS TO MARIJUANA EDIBLES BY CHILDREN IN STATES THAT HAVE DECRIMINAL-IZED MARIJUANA. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budg-
et of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to preventing access to edible marijuana products by children in States that have decriminalized marijuana by 
the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the pe-riod of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 4387. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO PROVIDING MORTGAGE LENDING TO RURAL AREAS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budg-
et of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to providing mort-gage lending to rural areas by the amounts pro-vided in such legislation for those purposes, pro-vided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 4388. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO THE CONSTRUCTION OF ARCTIC POLAR ICEBREAKERS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budg-
et of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to the construction of Arctic polar icebreakers by the amounts pro-vided in such legislation for those purposes, pro-vided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. SEC. 4389. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO RESEARCHING HEALTH CONDITIONS OF THE DESCENDANTS OF VETERANS EXPOSED TO TOXIC SUBSTANCES DURING SERVICE IN THE ARMED FORCES. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budg-
et of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to researching health conditions of the descendants of veterans ex-posed to toxic substances during service in the Armed Forces by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 4390. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO RAISING THE FAMILY OF FUNDS LIMIT OF THE SMALL BUSI-NESS INVESTMENT COMPANY PRO-GRAM. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budg-
et of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to the Small Busi-ness Investment Company Program of the Small Business Administration, which may include raising the Family of Funds limit of the Small Business Investment Company Program, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 4391. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO DETECTION, INVESTIGA-TION, AND PROSECUTION OF THE OWNERS AND OPERATORS OF WEBSITES WHO KNOWINGLY ALLOW SUCH WEBSITES TO BE USED TO AD-VERTISE COMMERCIAL SEX WITH CHILDREN OVER THE INTERNET. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budg-
et of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to online child sex trafficking, which may include the detection, investigation, and prosecution of the owners and operators of websites who knowingly allow such websites to be used to advertise commercial sex with children over the Internet, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 4392. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO PROTECTING THE RELI-ABILITY OF THE ELECTRICITY GRID. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budg-
et of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to prohibiting the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency from proposing, finalizing, or issuing any regulation that would reduce the reliability of the electricity grid by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the def-icit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. SEC. 4393. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND TO 
PRESERVE AND PROTECT THE OPEN INTERNET. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budg-
et of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to protecting the open Internet and promoting further innovation and investment in Internet services, content, in-frastructure, and technologies by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not in-crease the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the pe-riod of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 4394. SPENDING-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO REFORMING THE FED-ERAL REGULATORY PROCESS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budg-
et of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to— 
(1) creating an effective mechanism for the re-
view of the existing Federal regulatory burden to identify rules for repeal or modification that— 
(A) impose paperwork burdens that could be 
reduced substantially without significantly di-minishing regulatory effectiveness; 
(B) impose disproportionately high costs on 
small businesses; 
(C) could be strengthened in their effective-
ness while reducing regulatory costs; 
(D) have been rendered obsolete by techno-
logical or market changes; 
(E) have achieved their goals and can be re-
pealed without target problems recurring; 
(F) impose the greatest opportunity costs in 
terms of economic growth; 
(G) are ineffective; (H) overlap, duplicate, or conflict with other 
Federal regulations or with State or local regu-lations; or 
(I) impose costs that are not justified by bene-
fits produced for society within the United States; 
(2) reforming the process by which new regu-
lations are made by Federal agencies, including independent agencies, for the purposes of— 
(A) prioritizing early public outreach in the 
rulemaking process; 
(B) ensuring the use of the best available sci-
entific, economic, and technical data; 
(C) preventing the misuse of guidance docu-
ments to skirt public input; 
(D) ensuring the use of best practices for regu-
latory analysis, including cost-benefit analysis, into each step of the rulemaking process; 
(E) facilitating the adoption by Federal agen-
cies of the least costly regulatory alternative that would achieve the goals of the statutory authorization; 
(F) ensuring more careful consideration of 
proposed high-cost rules; 
(G) ensuring effective oversight of the Federal 
regulatory program, including independent reg-ulatory commissions, by the Office of Informa-tion and Regulatory Affairs; 
(H) improving the consideration of adverse im-
pacts on small businesses; 
(I) providing greater transparency in the rule-
making process; and 
(J) improving compliance with section 515 of 
the Treasury and General Government Appro-priations Act for Fiscal Year 2001 (Public Law 106–554; 114 Stat. 2736A–153) (commonly known as the ‘‘Information Quality Act’’), the Un-funded Mandates Reform Act of 1995 (2 U.S.C. 1501 et seq.), and chapter 6 of title 5, United States Code (commonly known as the ‘‘Regu-latory Flexibility Act’’); 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:13 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A29AP7.008 H29APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2535 April 29, 2015 
(3) enhancing accountability by facilitating 
fair and effective judicial review of agency ac-tions; and 
(4) ensuring that Congress can effectively ex-
ercise its appropriate role in the regulatory process through legislation and oversight; 
by the amounts provided in such legislation for 
those purposes, provided that such legislation would not raise new revenue and would not in-crease the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the pe-riod of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 4395. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO PROVIDING COVERAGE OF VIRTUAL COLONOSCOPIES AS A COLORECTAL CANCER SCREENING TEST UNDER THE MEDICARE PRO-GRAM. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budg-
et of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to providing cov-erage of virtual colonoscopies as a colorectal cancer screening test under the Medicare pro-gram by the amounts provided in such legisla-tion for those purposes, provided that such leg-islation would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 4396. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO THE MODERNIZATION OF THE NUCLEAR COMMAND, CONTROL, AND COMMUNICATIONS ARCHITEC-TURE OF THE UNITED STATES. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budg-
et of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to modernizing the triad of strategic nuclear delivery systems, the nuclear command and control system, and the nuclear weapons stockpile, and supporting re-lated infrastructure, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the def-icit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 4397. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO BARDA AND THE BIO-SHIELD SPECIAL RESERVE FUND. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budg-
et of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to strengthening our national security, which may include fully funding the Biomedical Advanced Research and Development Authority and the BioShield Spe-cial Reserve Fund, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the def-icit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 4398. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO IMPROVING THE NU-CLEAR FORCES AND MISSIONS OF THE AIR FORCE. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budg-
et of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to the nuclear force improvement program of the Air Force by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of 
the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 4399. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO PROMOTING ECONOMIC GROWTH AND JOB CREATION FOR SMALL BUSINESSES AND FULL FUNDING FOR AT-SEA AND DOCK-SIDE MONITORING FOR CERTAIN FISHERIES. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budg-
et of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to promoting eco-nomic growth and job creation by making it easier for small businesses to plan their capital investments and reducing the uncertainty of taxation, and supporting at-sea and dockside monitoring for fisheries that have received eco-nomic disaster assistance, by the amounts pro-vided in such legislation for those purposes, pro-vided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 4400. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO THE DEFINITION OF FULL-TIME EMPLOYEE. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budg-
et of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports related to the employer pen-alties under the Patient Protection and Afford-able Care Act (Public Law 111–148), which may include changes to the definition of ‘‘full time employee’’ under that Act, by the amounts pro-vided in such legislation for those purposes, pro-vided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 4401. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO IMPROVING THE EFFEC-TIVENESS AND EFFICIENCY OF THE FEDERAL REGULATORY PROCESS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budg-
et of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to improving the ef-fectiveness and efficiency of the Federal regu-latory process by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 4402. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND TO 
EXPEDITE AWARDS UNDER THE IN-TERNAL REVENUE SERVICE WHIS-TLEBLOWER PROGRAM. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budg-
et of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to the processing of award submissions, which may include the In-ternal Revenue Service whistleblower program, by the amounts provided in such legislation for that purpose, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the pe-riod of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. SEC. 4403. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO ENCOURAGING THE IN-CREASED USE OF PERFORMANCE CONTRACTING IN FEDERAL FACILI-TIES. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budg-
et of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to encouraging the increased use of performance contracting in Federal facilities by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the def-icit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 4404. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO IMPROVING INFORMA-TION SHARING BY THE INSPECTOR GENERAL OF THE DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS WITH RESPECT TO INVESTIGATIONS RELATING TO SUBSTANDARD HEALTH CARE, DE-LAYED AND DENIED HEALTH CARE, PATIENT DEATHS, OTHER FINDINGS THAT DIRECTLY RELATE TO PA-
TIENT CARE, AND OTHER MANAGE-MENT ISSUES OF THE DEPARTMENT. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budg-
et of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to improving infor-mation sharing by the Inspector General of the Department of Veterans Affairs with respect to investigations relating to substandard health care, delayed and denied health care, patient deaths, other findings that directly relate to pa-tient care, and other management issues of the Department by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 4405. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND TO 
ADDRESS THE DISPROPORTIONATE REGULATORY BURDENS ON COMMU-NITY BANKS AND CREDIT UNIONS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budg-
et of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to alleviating dis-proportionate regulatory burdens on community banks and credit unions by the amounts pro-vided in such legislation for those purposes, pro-vided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 4406. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND TO 
PROTECT THE CORPORATION FOR NATIONAL AND COMMUNITY SERV-ICE. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budg-
et of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to the Corporation for National and Community Service by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:13 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A29AP7.008 H29APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2536 April 29, 2015 
SEC. 4407. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO ENSURING THAT DE-PARTMENT OF JUSTICE ATTORNEYS COMPLY WITH DISCLOSURE OBLIGA-TIONS IN CRIMINAL PROSECUTIONS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budg-
et of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to ensuring that all Department of Justice attorneys comply with all legal and ethical obligations in criminal pros-ecutions, which may include legislation that en-sures the disclosure to the defendant in a timely manner of all information known to the Govern-ment that tends to negate the guilt of the de-fendant, mitigate the offense charged or the sen-tence imposed, or impeach the Government’s witnesses or evidence, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the def-icit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 4408. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND TO 
PROMOTE BIOMEDICAL RESEARCH. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budg-
et of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to Federal invest-ments in precision medicine and biomedical re-search, which may include increasing funding to account for inflation, to support finding ways to prevent, treat, and cure diseases or conditions like Alzheimer’s and other life-threatening or chronic illnesses, and to provide long-term cost savings to the Federal Government, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 4409. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO PROVIDING ACCESS TO NECESSARY EQUIPMENT FOR MEDI-CARE BENEFICIARIES. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budg-
et of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to developing meth-ods that ensure that Medicare beneficiaries have access to equipment like eye tracking accessories for speech generating devices and speech gener-ating devices by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 4410. SPENDING-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO PRIORITIZING THE CONSTRUCTION OF INFRASTRUC-TURE PROJECTS THAT ARE OF NA-TIONAL AND REGIONAL SIGNIFI-CANCE AND PROJECTS IN HIGH PRI-ORITY CORRIDORS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budg-
et of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to the prioritization of the Federal investment in the infrastructure of the United States on projects that are of na-tional and regional significance and projects in high priority corridors of the National Highway System by the amounts provided in such legisla-tion for those purposes, provided that such leg-islation would not raise new revenue and would not increase the deficit over either the period of 
the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 4411. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO ENCOURAGING THE UNITED STATES’ NATO ALLIES TO REVERSE DECLINES IN DEFENSE SPENDING AND BEAR A MORE PRO-PORTIONATE BURDEN FOR ENSUR-ING THE SECURITY OF NATO. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budg-
et of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to encouraging the United States’ NATO allies to reverse declines in defense spending and bear a more proportionate burden for ensuring the security of NATO by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the pe-riod of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 4412. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO THE INVESTIGATION AND RECOVERY OF MISSING WEAPONS AND MILITARY EQUIPMENT PRO-VIDED TO THE GOVERNMENT OF YEMEN BY THE UNITED STATES GOV-ERNMENT. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budg-
et of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to the investigation and to the extent practicable the recovery of missing weapons and military equipment pro-vided to the Government of Yemen by the United States Government to ensure that such items are not in the possession of or used by radical extremist groups operating in the coun-try by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 4413. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO IMPROVING HIGHER EDUCATION DATA AND TRANS-PARENCY. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budg-
et of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to improving higher education data and transparency by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 4414. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO NATIVE CHILDREN. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budg-
et of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to Native children or the construction of Bureau of Indian Education schools, which may include replacement school construction, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. SEC. 4415. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO PROVIDE ADDITIONAL FUNDING FOR INTERNATIONAL STRATEGIC COMMUNICATIONS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budg-
et of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to funding for inter-national counter-propaganda communications in order to combat misinformation, undermine ideologies of violence and hatred, and ensure moderate voices are heard by the amounts pro-vided in such legislation for those purposes, pro-vided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 4416. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND FOR 
ELEMENTARY AND SECONDARY EDU-CATION. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budg-
et of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to reforming and strengthening elementary and secondary edu-cation by the amounts provided in such legisla-tion for those purposes, provided that such leg-islation would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 4417. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND TO 
SUPPORT RESEARCH. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budg-
et of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to Federal invest-ments in scientific research and development, which may include supporting biomedical re-search to find ways to prevent, treat, and cure diseases or conditions like Alzheimer’s and other life-threatening or chronic illnesses, providing long-term cost savings to the Federal Govern-ment, and supporting national security, basic energy research, innovative solutions, and American competitiveness, by the amounts pro-vided in such legislation for those purposes, pro-vided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 4418. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO SUPPORT FOR UKRAINE. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budg-
et of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to providing support to the Government of Ukraine, which may in-clude the provision of lethal defensive articles, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the pe-riod of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 4419. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO UNDERGROUND AND SURFACE MINING SAFETY RE-SEARCH. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budg-
et of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to underground and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:13 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A29AP7.008 H29APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2537 April 29, 2015 
surface mining safety research by the amounts 
provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not in-crease the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the pe-riod of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 4420. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO SAVING MEDICARE. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budg-
et of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to extending the life of the Federal Hospital Insurance Trust Fund, which may include the creation of a point of order against legislation that accelerates the in-solvency of such Trust Fund, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not in-crease the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the pe-riod of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
Subtitle C—Reserve Funds in the House of 
Representatives 
SEC. 4501. RESERVE FUND FOR THE REPEAL OF 
THE PRESIDENT’S HEALTH CARE LAW. 
In the House of Representatives, the Chair-
man of the Committee on the Budget may revise the allocations, aggregates, and other budgetary levels in this concurrent resolution for the budg-etary effects of any bill or joint resolution, or amendment thereto or conference report there-on, that consists solely of the full repeal of the Affordable Care Act and the health care related provisions of the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010. 
SEC. 4502. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND FOR 
PROMOTING REAL HEALTH CARE RE-FORM. 
In the House of Representatives, the Chair-
man of the Committee on the Budget may revise the allocations, aggregates, and other budgetary levels in this concurrent resolution for the budg-etary effects of any bill or joint resolution, or amendment thereto or conference report there-on, that promotes real health care reform, if such measure would not increase the deficit for the period of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 4503. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATED TO THE MEDICARE PROVI-SIONS OF THE PRESIDENT’S HEALTH CARE LAW. 
In the House of Representatives, the Chair-
man of the Committee on the Budget may revise the allocations, aggregates, and other budgetary levels in this concurrent resolution for the budg-etary effects of any bill or joint resolution, or amendment thereto or conference report there-on, that repeals all or part of the decreases in Medicare spending included in the Affordable Care Act or the Health Care and Education Rec-onciliation Act of 2010, if such measure would not increase the deficit for the period of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 4504. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND FOR 
THE STATE CHILDREN’S HEALTH IN-SURANCE PROGRAM. 
In the House of Representatives, the Chair-
man of the Committee on the Budget may revise the allocations, aggregates, and other budgetary levels in this concurrent resolution for any bill or joint resolution, or amendment thereto or conference report thereon, if such measure ex-tends the State Children’s Health Insurance Program, but only if such measure would not increase the deficit over the period of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 4505. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND FOR 
GRADUATE MEDICAL EDUCATION. 
In the House of Representatives, the Chair-
man of the Committee on the Budget may revise the allocations, aggregates, and other budgetary levels in this concurrent resolution for any bill 
or joint resolution, or amendment thereto or conference report thereon, if such measure re-forms, expands access to, and improves, as de-termined by such Chairman, graduate medical education programs, but only if such measure would not increase the deficit over the period of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 4506. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND FOR 
TRADE AGREEMENTS. 
In the House of Representatives, the Chair-
man of the Committee on the Budget may revise the allocations, aggregates, and other budgetary levels in this concurrent resolution for the budg-etary effects of any bill or joint resolution re-ported by the Committee on Ways and Means, or amendment thereto or conference report there-on, that implements a trade agreement, but only if such measure would not increase the deficit for the period of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 4507. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND FOR 
REFORMING THE TAX CODE. 
In the House of Representatives, if the Com-
mittee on Ways and Means reports a bill or joint resolution that reforms the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, the Chairman of the Committee on the Budget may revise the allocations, aggre-gates, and other budgetary levels in this concur-rent resolution for the budgetary effects of any 
such bill or joint resolution, or amendment thereto or conference report thereon, if such measure would not increase the deficit for the period of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 4508. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND FOR 
REVENUE MEASURES. 
In the House of Representatives, the Chair-
man of the Committee on the Budget may revise the allocations, aggregates, and other budgetary levels in this concurrent resolution for the budg-etary effects of any bill or joint resolution re-ported by the Committee on Ways and Means, or amendment thereto or conference report there-on, that decreases revenue, but only if such measure would not increase the deficit for the period of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 4509. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND FOR 
TRANSPORTATION. 
In the House of Representatives, the Chair-
man of the Committee on the Budget may revise the allocations, aggregates, and other budgetary levels in this concurrent resolution for any bill or joint resolution, or amendment thereto or conference report thereon, if such measure maintains the solvency of the Highway Trust Fund, but only if such measure would not in-crease the deficit over the period of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 4510. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND FOR 
FEDERAL RETIREMENT REFORM. 
In the House of Representatives, the Chair-
man of the Committee on the Budget may revise the allocations, aggregates, and other budgetary levels in this concurrent resolution for any bill or joint resolution, or amendment thereto or conference report thereon, if such measure re-forms, improves and updates the Federal retire-ment system, as determined by such Chairman, but only if such measure would not increase the deficit over the period of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 4511. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND FOR 
NATIONAL DEFENSE. 
In the House of Representatives, the Chair-
man of the Committee on the Budget may revise the allocations, aggregates, and other budgetary levels in this concurrent resolution for any bill or joint resolution, or amendment thereto or conference report thereon, if such measure sup-ports the following activities: Department of De-fense training and maintenance associated with combat readiness, modernization of equipment, auditability of financial statements, or military compensation and benefit reforms, by the amount provided for these purposes, but only if such measure would not increase the deficit (without counting any net revenue increases in that measure) over the period of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. TITLE V—ESTIMATES OF DIRECT SPEND-
ING IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTA-TIVES 
SEC. 5001. DIRECT SPENDING. 
(a) M EANS-TESTED DIRECT SPENDING .— 
(1) F INDINGS .—The House of Representatives 
finds the following: 
(A) For means-tested direct spending, the av-
erage rate of growth in the total level of outlays during the 10-year period preceding fiscal year 2016 is 6.8 percent. 
(B) For means-tested direct spending, the esti-
mated average rate of growth in the total level of outlays during the 10-year period beginning with fiscal year 2016 is 4.6 percent under current law. 
(2) P
ROPOSED REFORMS .—The following re-
forms are proposed under this concurrent reso-lution by the House of Representatives for means-tested direct spending: 
(A) In 1996, a Republican Congress and a 
Democratic President reformed welfare by lim-iting the duration of benefits, giving States more control over the program, and helping recipients find work. In the 5 years following passage, child-poverty rates fell, welfare caseloads fell, and workers’ wages increased. This budget as-sumes the enactment of proposals to reduce pov-erty and increase opportunity and upward mo-bility for struggling Americans on the road to personal and financial independence. Based on the successful welfare reforms of the 1990s, these proposals would improve work requirements and provide flexible funding for States to help those most in need find gainful employment, escape poverty, and move up the economic ladder. 
(B) For Medicaid, this budget is predicated on 
a framework proposed by the chairmen of the committees of jurisdiction of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Senate, to modernize and improve the program while increasing State flexibility and protecting the most vulnerable populations. This budget also assumes the re-peal of the Medicaid expansions in the Presi-dent’s health care law. 
(b) N
ONMEANS -TESTED DIRECT SPENDING .— 
(1) F INDINGS .—The House of Representatives 
finds the following: 
(A) For nonmeans-tested direct spending, the 
average rate of growth in the total level of out-lays during the 10-year period preceding fiscal year 2016 is 5.4 percent. 
(B) For nonmeans-tested direct spending, the 
estimated average rate of growth in the total level of outlays during the 10-year period begin-ning with fiscal year 2016 is 5.5 percent under current law. 
(2) M
EDICARE REFORMS .—For Medicare, this 
budget advances policies to put seniors, not the Federal Government, in control of their health care decisions. Putting seniors in charge of how their health care dollars are spent will encour-age providers to compete against each other on price and quality. Improvements to Medicare are necessary to extend the life of the Federal Hos-pital Insurance Trust Fund and protect the pro-gram for future generations. 
TITLE VI—POLICY STATEMENTS 
Subtitle A—Policy Statements in Both Houses 
SEC. 6101. POLICY STATEMENT ON BALANCED 
BUDGET AMENDMENT. 
It is the policy of this concurrent resolution 
that Congress should pass, and send to the States for their approval, a joint resolution amending the Constitution of the United States to require an annual balanced Federal budget. 
SEC. 6102. POLICY STATEMENT ON SOCIAL SECU-
RITY. 
It is the policy of this concurrent resolution 
that the President and Congress should work to-gether on a bipartisan basis to preserve Social Security for current and future generations. To achieve that goal— 
(1) Congress should enact legislation to pre-
vent the near-term insolvency of the Disability Insurance program, improve the administration 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:13 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A29AP7.008 H29APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2538 April 29, 2015 
and coordination of benefits, and increase em-
ployment opportunities for disabled workers; and 
(2) the President should submit legislation to 
Congress addressing the long-term insolvency of both the Old-Age and Survivors Insurance pro-gram and the Disability Insurance program, and such legislation should achieve a sustainable annual cash-flow balance between taxes and benefits over the foreseeable future, rather than temporarily increasing and then depleting the balance of Government securities held by each program’s trust fund. 
Subtitle B—Policy Statement in the House of 
Representatives 
SEC. 6201. POLICY STATEMENT ON BUDGET PROC-
ESS AND BASELINE REFORM. 
(a) F INDINGS .— 
(1) In 1974, after more than 50 years of execu-
tive dominance over fiscal policy, Congress acted to reassert its ‘‘power of the purse’’, and passed the Congressional Budget and Impound-ment Control Act. 
(2) The measure explicitly sought to establish 
congressional control over the budget process, to provide for annual congressional determination of the appropriate level of taxes and spending, to set important national budget priorities, and to find ways in which Members of Congress could have access to the most accurate, objec-tive, and highest quality information to assist them in discharging their duties. 
(3) Far from achieving its intended purpose, 
however, the process has instituted a bias to-ward higher spending and larger government. The behemoth of the Federal Government has largely been financed through either borrowing or taking ever greater amounts of the national income through high taxation. 
(4) The process does not treat programs and 
policies consistently and shows a bias toward higher spending and higher taxes. 
(5) It assumes extension of spending programs 
(of more than $50 million per year) scheduled to expire. 
(6) Yet it does not assume the extension of tax 
policies in the same way. consequently, extend-ing existing tax policies that may be scheduled to expire is characterized as a new tax reduc-tion, requiring offsets to ‘‘pay for’’ merely keep-ing tax policy the same even though estimating conventions would not require similar treatment of spending programs. 
(7) The original goals set for the congressional 
process are admirable in their intent, but be-cause the essential mechanisms of the process have remained the same, and ‘‘reforms’’ enacted over the past 40 years have largely taken the form of layering greater levels of legal com-plexity without reforming or reassessing the very fundamental nature of the process. 
(b) P
OLICY STATEMENT .—It is the policy of 
this concurrent resolution on the budget that as the primary branch of Government, Congress must: 
(1) Restructure the fundamental procedures of 
budget decision making. 
(2) Reassert Congress’s ‘‘power of the purse’’, 
and reinforce the balance of powers between Congress and the President, as the 1974 Act in-tended. 
(3) Create greater incentives for lawmakers to 
do budgeting as intended by the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, especially adopting a budget resolution every year. 
(4) Encourage more effective control over 
spending, especially currently uncontrolled di-rect spending. 
(5) Consider innovative fiscal tools such as: 
zero based budgeting, which would require a de-partment or agency to justify its budget as if it were a new expenditure; and direct spending caps to enhance oversight of automatic pilot spending that increases each year without con-gressional approval. 
(6) Promote efficient and timely budget ac-
tions, so that lawmakers complete their budget actions by the time the new fiscal year begins. (7) Provide access to the best analysis of eco-
nomic conditions available and increase aware-ness of how fiscal policy directly impacts overall economic growth and job creation. 
(8) Remove layers of complexity that have 
complicated the procedures designed in 1974, and made budgeting more arcane and opaque. 
(9) Remove existing biases that favor higher 
spending. 
(10) Include procedures by which current tax 
laws may be extended and treated on a basis that is not different from the extension of enti-tlement programs. 
(c) B
UDGET PROCESS REFORM .—Comprehen-
sive budget process reform should also remove the bias in the baseline against the extension of current tax laws in the following ways: 
(1) Permanent extension of tax laws should 
not be used as a means to increase taxes on other taxpayers. 
(2) For those expiring tax provisions that are 
proposed to be permanently extended, Congress should use a more realistic baseline that does not require them to be offset. 
(3) Tax-reform legislation should not include 
tax increases just to offset the extension of cur-rent tax laws. 
(d) L
EGISLATION .—The Committee on the 
Budget of the House of Representatives intends to draft legislation during the 114th Congress that will rewrite the Congressional Budget and Impoundment Control Act of 1974 to fulfill the goals of making the congressional budget proc-ess more effective in ensuring taxpayers’ dollars are spent wisely and efficiently. 
SEC. 6202. POLICY STATEMENT ON ECONOMIC 
GROWTH AND JOB CREATION. 
(a) F INDINGS .—The House of Representatives 
finds the following: 
(1) Although the United States economy tech-
nically emerged from recession more than 5 years ago, the subsequent recovery has felt more like a malaise than a rebound. Real gross do-mestic product GDP growth over the past 5 years has averaged slightly more than 2 percent, well below the 3.2 percent historical trend rate of growth in the United States. Although the economy has shown some welcome signs of im-provement of late, the Nation remains in the midst of the weakest economic recovery of the modern era. 
(2) Looking ahead, CBO expects the economy 
to grow by an average of just 2.3 percent over the next 10 years. That level of economic growth is simply unacceptable and insufficient to ex-pand opportunities and the incomes of millions of middle-income Americans. 
(3) Sluggish economic growth has also contrib-
uted to the country’s fiscal woes. Subpar growth means that revenue levels are lower than they would otherwise be while government spending (e.g. welfare and income-support programs) is higher. Clearly, there is a dire need for policies that will spark higher rates of economic growth and greater, higher-quality job opportunities. 
(4) Although job gains have been trending up 
of late, other aspects of the labor market remain weak. The labor force participation rate, for in-stance, is hovering just under 63 percent, close to the lowest level since 1978. Long-term unem-ployment also remains a problem. Of the rough-ly 8.7 million people who are currently unem-ployed, 2.7 million (more than 30 percent) have been unemployed for more than 6 months. Long- term unemployment erodes an individual’s job skills and detaches them from job opportunities. It also undermines the long-term productive ca-pacity of the economy. 
(5) Perhaps most important, wage gains and 
income growth have been subpar for middle- class Americans. Average hourly earnings of private-sector workers have increased by just 1.6 percent over the past year. Prior to the reces-sion, average hourly earnings were tracking close to 4 percent. Likewise, average income lev-els have remained flat in recent years. Real me-dian household income is just under $52,000, one of the lowest levels since 1995. (6) The unsustainable fiscal trajectory has 
cast a shadow on the country’s economic out-look. investors and businesses make decisions on a forward-looking basis. they know that today’s large debt levels are simply tomorrow’s tax hikes, interest rate increases, or inflation and they act accordingly. This debt overhang, and the uncertainty it generates, can weigh on growth, investment, and job creation. 
(7) Nearly all economists, including those at 
the CBO, conclude that reducing budget deficits (thereby bending the curve on debt levels is a net positive for economic growth over time. The logic is that deficit reduction creates long-term economic benefits because it increases the pool of national savings and boosts investment, thereby raising economic growth and job cre-ation. 
(8) CBO analyzed the House Republican fiscal 
year 2016 budget resolution and found it would increase real output per capita (a proxy for a country’s standard of living) by about $1,000 in 2025 and roughly $5,000 by 2040 relative to the baseline path. That means more income and greater prosperity for all Americans. 
(9) In contrast, if the Government remains on 
the current fiscal path, future generations will face ever-higher debt service costs, a decline in national savings, and a ‘‘crowding out’’ of pri-vate investment. This dynamic will eventually lead to a decline in economic output and a dimi-nution in our country’s standard of living. 
(10) The key economic challenge is deter-
mining how to expand the economic pie, not how best to divide up and re-distribute a shrink-ing pie. 
(11) A stronger economy is vital to lowering 
deficit levels and eventually balancing the budget. According to CBO, if annual real GDP growth is just 0.1 percentage point higher over the budget window, deficits would be reduced by $326 billion. 
(12) This budget resolution therefore embraces 
pro-growth policies, such as fundamental tax re-form, that will help foster a stronger economy, greater opportunities and more job creation. 
(b) P
OLICY ON ECONOMIC GROWTH AND JOB 
CREATION .—In the House of Representatives, it 
is the policy of this concurrent resolution to pro-mote faster economic growth and job creation. By putting the budget on a sustainable path, this concurrent resolution ends the debt-fueled uncertainty holding back job creators. Reforms to the tax code will put American businesses and workers in a better position to compete and thrive in the 21st century global economy. This concurrent resolution targets the regulatory red tape and cronyism that stack the deck in favor of special interests. All of the reforms in this concurrent resolution serve as means to the larger end of helping the economy grow and ex-panding opportunity for all Americans. 
SEC. 6203. POLICY STATEMENT ON TAX REFORM. 
(a) F INDINGS .—The House of Representatives 
finds the following: 
(1) A world-class tax system should be simple, 
fair, and promote (rather than impede) economic growth. The United States tax code fails on all three counts: It is notoriously complex, patently unfair, and highly inefficient. The tax code’s complexity distorts decisions to work, save, and invest, which leads to slower economic growth, lower wages, and less job creation. 
(2) Over the past decade alone, there have 
been 4,107 changes to the tax code, more than one per day. Many of the major changes over the years have involved carving out special pref-erences, exclusions, or deductions for various activities or groups. These loopholes add up to more than $1 trillion per year and make the code unfair, inefficient, and highly complex. 
(3) In addition, these tax preferences are dis-
proportionately used by upper-income individ-uals. 
(4) The large amount of tax preferences that 
pervade the code end up narrowing the tax base. A narrow tax base, in turn, requires much 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:13 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A29AP7.008 H29APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2539 April 29, 2015 
higher tax rates to raise a given amount of rev-
enue. 
(5) It is estimated that American taxpayers 
end up spending $160 billion and roughly 6 bil-lion hours a year complying with the tax code waste of time and resources that could be used in more productive activities. 
(6) Standard economic theory shows that high 
marginal tax rates dampen the incentives to work, save, and invest, which reduces economic output and job creation. Lower economic out-put, in turn, mutes the intended revenue gain from higher marginal tax rates. 
(7) Roughly half of United States active busi-
ness income and half of private sector employ-ment are derived from business entities (such as partnerships, S corporations, and sole propri-etorships) that are taxed on a ‘‘pass-through’’ basis, meaning the income flows through to the tax returns of the individual owners and is taxed at the individual rate structure rather than at the corporate rate. Small businesses, in particular, tend to choose this form for Federal tax purposes, and the top Federal rate on such small business income can reach nearly 45 per-cent. For these reasons, sound economic policy requires lowering marginal rates on these pass- through entities. 
(8) The United States corporate income tax 
rate (including Federal, State, and local taxes) sums to slightly more than 39 percent, the high-est rate in the industrialized world. Tax rates this high suppress wages and discourage invest-ment and job creation, distort business activity, and put American businesses at a competitive disadvantage with foreign competitors. 
(9) By deterring potential investment, the 
United States corporate tax restrains economic growth and job creation. The United States tax rate differential with other countries also fosters a variety of complicated multinational corporate behaviors intended to avoid the tax, which have the effect of moving the tax base offshore, de-stroying American jobs, and decreasing cor-porate revenue. 
(10) The ‘‘worldwide’’ structure of United 
States international taxation essentially taxes earnings of United States firms twice, putting them at a significant competitive disadvantage with competitors with more competitive inter-national tax systems. 
(11) Reforming the United States tax code to a 
more competitive international system would boost the competitiveness of United States com-panies operating abroad and it would also greatly reduce tax avoidance. 
(12) The tax code imposes costs on American 
workers through lower wages, on consumers in higher prices, and on investors in diminished re-turns. 
(13) Revenues have averaged about 17.4 per-
cent of the economy throughout modern Amer-ican history. Revenues rise above this level under current law to 18.3 percent of the econ-omy by the end of the 10-year budget window. 
(14) Attempting to raise revenue through new 
tax increases to meet out-of-control spending would sink the economy and Americans’ ability to save for their retirement and their children’s education. 
(15) This concurrent resolution also rejects the 
idea of instituting a carbon tax in the United States, which some have offered as a new source of revenue. Such a plan would damage the econ-omy, cost jobs, and raise prices on American consumers. 
(16) Closing tax loopholes to fund spending 
does not constitute fundamental tax reform. 
(17) The goal of tax reform should be to curb 
or eliminate loopholes and use those savings to lower tax rates across the board not to fund more wasteful Government spending. Wash-ington has a spending problem, not a revenue problem. 
(18) Many economists believe that funda-
mental tax reform (i.e. a broader tax base and lower tax rates) would lead to greater labor sup-ply and increased investment, which, over time, would have a positive impact on total national 
output. 
(19) Heretofore, the congressional scorekeepers 
the Congressional Budget Office (CBO) and the Joint Committee on Taxation (JCT). 
(20) Static scoring implicitly assumes that the 
size of the economy (and therefore key economic variables such as labor supply and investment) remains fixed throughout the considered budget horizon. This is an abstraction from reality. 
(21) A new House of Representatives rule was 
adopted at the beginning of the 114th Congress to help correct this problem. This rule requires CBO and JCT to incorporate the macroeconomic effects of major legislation into their official cost estimates. 
(22) This rule seeks to bridge the divide be-
tween static estimates and scoring that incor-porates economic feedback effects by providing policymakers with a greater amount of informa-tion about the likely economic impact of policies under their consideration while at the same time preserving traditional scoring methods and re-porting conventions. 
(b) P
OLICY ON TAXREFORM .—In the House of 
Representatives, it is the policy of this concur-rent resolution that Congress should enact legis-lation that provides for a comprehensive reform of the United States tax code to promote eco-nomic growth, create American jobs, increase wages, and benefit American consumers, inves-tors, and workers through fundamental tax re-form that— 
(1) simplifies the tax code to make it fairer to 
American families and businesses and reduces the amount of time and resources necessary to comply with tax laws; 
(2) substantially lowers tax rates for individ-
uals and consolidates the current seven indi-vidual income tax brackets into fewer brackets; 
(3) repeals the Alternative Minimum Tax; (4) reduces the corporate tax rate; and (5) transitions the tax code to a more competi-
tive system of international taxation. 
SEC. 6204. POLICY STATEMENT ON TRADE. 
(a) F INDINGS .—The House of Representatives 
finds the following: 
(1) Opening foreign markets to American ex-
ports is vital to the United States economy and beneficial to American workers and consumers. The Commerce Department estimates that every $1 billion of United States exports supports more than 5,000 jobs here at home. 
(2) The United States can increase economic 
opportunities for American workers and busi-nesses through the expansion of trade, adher-ence to trade agreement rules by the United States and its trading partners, and the elimi-nation of foreign trade barriers to United States goods and services. 
(3) Trade Promotion Authority is a bipartisan 
and bicameral effort to strengthen the role of Congress in setting negotiating objectives for trade agreements, to improve consultation with Congress by the Administration, and to provide a clear framework for congressional consider-ation and implementation of trade agreements. 
(4) Global trade and commerce is not a zero- 
sum game. The idea that global expansion tends to ‘‘hollow out’’ United States operations is in-correct. Foreign-affiliate activity tends to com-plement, not substitute for, key parent activities in the United States such as employment, work-er compensation, and capital investment. When United States headquartered multinationals in-vest and expand operations abroad it often leads to more jobs and economic growth at home. 
(5) Trade agreements have saved the average 
American family of four more than $10,000 per year, as a result of lower duties. Trade agree-ments also lower the cost of manufacturing in-puts by removing duties. 
(6) American businesses and workers have 
shown that, on a level playing field, they can excel and surpass the international competition. 
(7) When negotiating trade agreements, 
United States laws on Intellectual Property (IP) protection should be used as a benchmark for 
establishing global IP frameworks. Strong IP protections have contributed significantly to the United States status as a world leader in inno-vation across sectors, including in the develop-ment of life-saving biologic medicines. The data protections afforded to biologics in United States law, including 12 years of data protec-tion, allow continued development of pioneering medicines to benefit patients both in the United States and abroad. To maintain the cycle of in-novation and achieve truly 21st century trade agreements, it is vital that our negotiators insist on the highest standards for IP protections. 
(8) The status quo of the current tax code also 
undermines the competitiveness of United States businesses and costs the United States economy investment and jobs. 
(9) The United States currently has an anti-
quated system of international taxation whereby United States multinationals operating abroad pay both the foreign-country tax and United States corporate taxes. They are essentially taxed twice. This puts them at an obvious com-petitive disadvantage. A modern and competitive international tax system would facilitate global commerce for United States multinational com-panies and would encourage foreign business investment and job creation in the United States. 
(10) The ability to defer United States taxes on 
their foreign operations, which some erro-neously refer to as a ‘‘tax loophole,’’ cushions this disadvantage to a certain extent. Elimi-nating or restricting this provision (and others like it) would harm United States competitive-ness. 
(11) This budget resolution advocates funda-
mental tax reform that would lower the United States corporate rate, now the highest in the in-dustrialized world, and switch to a more com-petitive system of international taxation. This would make the United States a much more at-tractive place to invest and station business ac-tivity and would chip away at the incentives for United States companies to keep their profits overseas (because the United States corporate rate is so high). 
(b) P
OLICY ON TRADE .—In the House of Rep-
resentatives, it is the policy of this concurrent resolution to pursue international trade, global commerce, and a modern and competitive United States international tax system to promote job creation in the United States. The United States should continue to seek increased economic op-portunities for American workers and businesses through the expansion of trade opportunities, adherence to trade agreements and rules by the United States and its trading partners, and the elimination of foreign trade barriers to United States goods and services by opening new mar-kets and by enforcing United States rights. To that end, Congress should pass Trade Promotion Authority to strengthen the role of Congress in setting negotiating objectives for trade agree-ments, to improve consultation with Congress by the Administration, and to provide a clear framework for congressional consideration and implementation of trade agreements. 
SEC. 6205. POLICY STATEMENT ON REPEALING 
THE PRESIDENT’S HEALTH CARE LAW AND PROMOTING REAL HEALTH CARE REFORM. 
(a) F INDINGS .—The House of Representatives 
finds the following: 
(1) The President’s health care law put Wash-
ington’s priorities first, and not patients’. The Affordable Care Act (ACA) has failed to reduce health care premiums as promised; instead, the law mandated benefits and coverage levels, de-nying patients the opportunity to choose the type of coverage that best suits their health needs and driving up health coverage costs. A typical family’s health care premiums were sup-posed to decline by $2,500 a year; instead, ac-cording to the 2014 Employer Health Benefits Survey, health care premiums have increased by 7 percent for individuals and families since 2012. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:13 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A29AP7.008 H29APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2540 April 29, 2015 
(2) The President pledged, ‘‘If you like your 
health care plan, you can keep your health care plan.’’ Instead, the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office now estimates 9 million Americans with employment-based health coverage will lose 
those plans due to the President’s health care law, further limiting patient choice. 
(3) Then-Speaker of the House, Pelosi, said 
that the President’s health care law would cre-ate 4 million jobs over the life of the law and al-most 400,000 jobs immediately. Instead, the Con-gressional Budget Office estimates that the re-duction in hours worked due to Obamacare rep-resents a decline of about 2.0 to 2.5 million full- time equivalent workers, compared with what would have occurred in the absence of the law. The full impact on labor represents a reduction in employment by 1.5 percent to 2.0 percent, while additional studies show less modest re-sults. A recent study by the Mercatus Center at George Mason University estimates that Obamacare will reduce employment by up to 3 percent, or about 4 million full-time equivalent workers. 
(4) The President has charged the Inde-
pendent Payment Advisory Board, a panel of unelected bureaucrats, with cutting Medicare by an additional $20.9 billion over the next ten years, according to the President’s most recent budget. 
(5) Since ACA was signed into law, the admin-
istration has repeatedly failed to implement it as written. The President has unilaterally acted to make a total of 28 changes, delays, and exemp-tions. The President has signed into law an-other 17 changes made by Congress. The Su-preme Court struck down the forced expansion of Medicaid; ruled the individual ‘‘mandate’’ could only be characterized as a tax to remain constitutional; and rejected the requirement that closely held companies provide health in-surance to their employees if doing so violates these companies’ religious beliefs. Even now, al-most five years after enactment, the Supreme Court continues to evaluate the legality of how the President’s administration has implemented the law. All of these changes prove the folly un-derlying the entire program—health care in the United States cannot be run from a centralized bureaucracy. 
(6) The President’s health care law is 
unaffordable, intrusive, overreaching, destruc-tive, and unworkable. Its complex structure of subsidies, mandates, and penalties perversely impact individuals, married couples, and fami-lies. The law should be fully repealed, allowing for real, patient-centered health care reform: the development of real health care reforms that puts patients first, that make affordable, quality health care available to all Americans, and that build on the innovation and creativity of all the participants in the health care sector. 
(b) P
OLICY ON PROMOTING REALHEALTH CARE 
REFORM .—In the House of Representatives, it is 
the policy of this concurrent resolution that the President’s health care law should be fully re-pealed and real health care reform promoted in accordance with the following principles: 
(1) I
N GENERAL .—Health care reform should 
enhance affordability, accessibility, quality, in-novation, choices and responsiveness in health care coverage for all Americans, putting pa-tients, families, and doctors in charge, not Washington, DC. These reforms should encour-age increased competition and transparency. Under the President’s health care law, govern-ment controls Americans’ health care choices. Under true, patient-centered reform, Americans would. 
(2) A
FFORDABILITY .—Real reform should be 
centered on ensuring that all Americans, no matter their age, income, or health status, have the ability to afford health care coverage. The health care delivery structure should be im-proved, and individuals should not be priced out of the health insurance market due to pre-exist-ing conditions, but nationalized health care is not only unnecessary to accomplish this, it un-dermines the goal. Individuals should be al-
lowed to join together voluntarily to pool risk through mechanisms such as Individual Mem-bership Associations and Small Employer Mem-bership Associations. 
(3) A
CCESSABILITY .—Instead of Washington 
outlining for Americans the ways they cannot use their health insurance, reforms should make health coverage more portable. Individuals should be able to own their insurance and have it follow them in and out of jobs throughout their career. Small business owners should be permitted to band together across State lines through their membership in bona fide trade or professional associations to purchase health coverage for their families and employees at a low cost. This will increase small businesses’ bargaining power, volume discounts, and ad-ministrative efficiencies while giving them free-dom from State-mandated benefit packages. Also, insurers licensed to sell policies in one State should be permitted to offer them to resi-dents in any other State, and consumers should be permitted to shop for health insurance across State lines, as they are with other insurance products online, by mail, by phone, or in con-sultation with an insurance agent. 
(4) Q
UALITY .—Incentives for providers to de-
liver high-quality, responsive, and coordinated care will promote patient outcomes and drive down health care costs. Likewise, reforms that work to restore the patient-physician relation-ship by reducing administrative burdens and al-lowing physicians to do what they do best—care for patients. 
(5) C
HOICES .—Individuals and families should 
be free to secure the health care coverage that best meets their needs, rather than instituting one-size-fits-all directives from Federal bureauc-racies such as the Internal Revenue Service, the Department of Health and Human Services, and the Independent Payment Advisory Board. 
(6) I
NNOVATION .—Instead of stifling innova-
tion in health care technologies, treatments, medications, and therapies with Federal man-dates, taxes, and price controls, a reformed health care system should encourage research, development and innovation. 
(7) R
ESPONSIVENESS .—Reform should return 
authority to States wherever possible to make the system more responsive to patients and their needs. Instead of tying States’ hands with Fed-eral requirements for their Medicaid programs, the Federal Government should return control of this program to the States. Not only does the current Medicaid program drive up Federal debt and threaten to bankrupt State budgets, but States are better positioned to provide quality, affordable care to those who are eligible for the program and to track down and weed out waste, fraud and abuse. Beneficiary choices in the State Children’s Health Insurance Program (SCHIP) and Medicaid should be improved. States should make available the purchase of private insurance as an option to their Medicaid and SCHIP populations (though they should not require enrollment). 
(8) R
EFORMS .—Reforms should be made to pre-
vent lawsuit abuse and curb the practice of de-fensive medicine, which are significant drivers increasing health care costs. The burden of proof in medical malpractice cases should be based on compliance with best practice guide-lines, and States should be free to implement those policies to best suit their needs. 
SEC. 6206. POLICY STATEMENT ON MEDICARE. 
(a) F INDINGS .—The House of Representatives 
finds the following: 
(1) More than 50 million Americans depend on 
Medicare for their health security. 
(2) The Medicare Trustees Report has repeat-
edly recommended that Medicare’s long-term fi-nancial challenges be addressed soon. Each year without reform, the financial condition of Medi-care becomes more precarious and the threat to those in or near retirement becomes more pro-nounced. According to the Medicare Trustees Report— (A) the Hospital Insurance Trust Fund will be 
exhausted in 2030 and unable to pay scheduled benefits; 
(B) Medicare enrollment is expected to in-
crease by over 50 percent in the next two dec-ades, as 10,000 baby boomers reach retirement age each day; 
(C) enrollees remain in Medicare three times 
longer than at the outset of the program; 
(D) current workers’ payroll contributions pay 
for current beneficiaries; 
(E) in 2013, the ratio was 3.2 workers per bene-
ficiary, but this falls to 2.3 in 2030 and con-tinues to decrease over time; 
(F) most Medicare beneficiaries receive about 
three dollars in Medicare benefits for every one dollar paid into the program; and 
(G) Medicare spending is growing faster than 
the economy and Medicare outlays are currently rising at a rate of 6.5 percent per year over the next 10 years. According to the Congressional Budget Office’s 2014 Long-Term Budget Out-look, spending on Medicare is projected to reach 5 percent of gross domestic product (GDP) by 2043 and 9.3 percent of GDP by 2089. 
(3) Failing to address this problem will leave 
millions of American seniors without adequate health security and younger generations bur-dened with enormous debt to pay for spending levels that cannot be sustained. 
(b) P
OLICY ON MEDICARE REFORM .—In the 
House of Representatives, it is the policy of this concurrent resolution to preserve the program for those in or near retirement and strengthen Medicare for future beneficiaries. 
(c) A
SSUMPTIONS .—This concurrent resolution 
assumes reform of the Medicare program such that— 
(1) current Medicare benefits are preserved for 
those in or near retirement; 
(2) permanent reform of the sustainable 
growth rate is responsibly accounted for to en-sure physicians continue to participate in the Medicare program and provide quality health care for beneficiaries; 
(3) when future generations reach eligibility, 
Medicare is reformed to provide a premium sup-port payment and a selection of guaranteed health coverage options from which recipients can choose a plan that best suits their needs; 
(4) Medicare will maintain traditional fee-for- 
service as a plan option; 
(5) Medicare will provide additional assistance 
for lower income beneficiaries and those with greater health risks; and 
(6) Medicare spending is put on a sustainable 
path and the Medicare program becomes solvent over the long-term. 
SEC. 6207. POLICY STATEMENT ON MEDICAL DIS-
COVERY, DEVELOPMENT, DELIVERY AND INNOVATION. 
(a) F INDINGS .—The House of Representatives 
finds the following: 
(1) For decades, the Nation’s commitment to 
the discovery, development, and delivery of new treatments and cures has made the United States the biomedical innovation capital of the world, bringing life-saving drugs and devices to patients and well over a million high-paying jobs to local communities. 
(2) Thanks to the visionary and determined 
leadership of innovators throughout America, including industry, academic medical centers, and the National Institutes of Health (NIH), the United States has led the way in early dis-covery. The United States leadership role is being threatened, however, as other countries contribute more to basic research from both pub-lic and private sources. 
(3) The Organisation for Economic Co-oper-
ation and Development predicts that China, for example, will outspend the United States in total research and development by the end of the decade. 
(4) Federal policies should foster innovation 
in health care, not stifle it. America should maintain its world leadership in medical science by encouraging competitive forces to work 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:13 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A29AP7.008 H29APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2541 April 29, 2015 
through the marketplace in delivering cures and 
therapies to patients. 
(5) Too often the bureaucracy and red-tape in 
Washington hold back medical innovation and prevent new lifesaving treatments from reaching patients. This concurrent resolution recognizes the valuable role of the NIH and the indispen-sable contributions to medical research coming from outside Washington. 
(6) America is the greatest, most innovative 
Nation on Earth. Her people are innovators, en-trepreneurs, visionaries, and relentless builders of the future. Americans were responsible for the first telephone, the first airplane, the first computer, for putting the first man on the moon, for creating the first vaccine for polio and for le-gions of other scientific and medical break-throughs that have improved and prolonged human health and life for countless people in America and around the world. 
(b) P
OLICY ON MEDICAL INNOVATION .— 
(1) In the House of Representatives, it is the 
policy of this concurrent resolution to support the important work of medical innovators throughout the country, including private-sec-tor innovators, medical centers and the National Institutes of Health. 
(2) At the same time, the budget calls for con-
tinued strong funding for the agencies that en-gage in valuable research and development, while also urging Washington to get out of the way of researchers, discoverers and innovators all over the country. 
SEC. 6208. POLICY STATEMENT ON FEDERAL REG-
ULATORY REFORM. 
(a) F INDINGS .—The House of Representatives 
finds the following: 
(1) Excessive regulation at the Federal level 
has hurt job creation and dampened the econ-omy, slowing the Nation’s recovery from the eco-nomic recession. 
(2) Since President Obama’s inauguration in 
2009, the administration has issued more than 468,500 pages of regulations in the Federal Reg-ister including 70,066 pages in 2014. 
(3) The National Association of Manufactur-
ers estimates the total cost of regulations is as high as $2.03 trillion per year. Since 2009, the White House has generated more than $494 bil-lion in regulatory activity, with an additional $87.6 billion in regulatory costs currently pend-ing. 
(4) The Dodd-Frank financial services legisla-
tion (Public Law 111–203) has resulted in more than $32 billion in compliance costs and saddled job creators with more than 63 million hours of compliance paperwork. 
(5) Implementation of the Affordable Care Act 
to date has added 132.9 million annual hours of compliance paperwork, imposing $24.3 billion of compliance costs on the private sector and an $8 billion cost burden on the States. 
(6) The highest regulatory costs come from 
rules issued by the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA); these regulations are primarily targeted at the coal industry. In June 2014, the EPA proposed a rule to cut carbon pollution from the Nation’s power plants. The proposed standards are unachievable with current com-mercially available technology, resulting in a de-facto ban on new coal-fired power plants. 
(7) Coal-fired power plants provide roughly 40 
percent of the United States electricity at a low cost. Unfairly targeting the coal industry with costly and unachievable regulations will in-crease energy prices, disproportionately disadvantaging energy-intensive industries like manufacturing and construction, and will make life more difficult for millions of low-income and middle class families already struggling to pay their bills. 
(8) Three hundred and thirty coal units are 
being retired or converted as a result of EPA regulations. Combined with the de-facto prohibi-tion on new plants, these retirements and con-versions may further increase the cost of elec-tricity. 
(9) A recent study by the energy market anal-
ysis group Energy Ventures Analysis Inc. esti-mates the average energy bill in West Virginia 
will rise $750 per household by 2020, due in part to EPA regulations. West Virginia receives 95 percent of its electricity from coal. 
(10) The Heritage Foundation found that a 
phase-out of coal would cost 600,000 jobs by the end of 2023, resulting in an aggregate gross do-mestic product decrease of $2.23 trillion over the entire period and reducing the income of a fam-ily of four by $1,200 per year. Of these jobs, 330,000 will come from the manufacturing sector, with California, Texas, Ohio, Illinois, Pennsyl-vania, Michigan, New York, Indiana, North Carolina, Wisconsin, and Georgia seeing the highest job losses. 
(b) P
OLICY ON FEDERAL REGULATORY RE-
FORM .—In the House of Representatives, it is 
the policy of this concurrent resolution that Congress should, in consultation with the public burdened by excessive regulation, enact legisla-tion that— 
(1) promotes economic growth and job creation 
by eliminating unnecessary red tape and streamlining and simplifying Federal regula-tions; 
(2) requires the implementation of a regu-
latory budget to be allocated amongst Govern-ment agencies, which would require congres-sional approval and limit the maximum costs of regulations in a given year; 
(3) requires congressional approval of all new 
major regulations (those with an impact of $100 million or more) before enactment as opposed to current law in which Congress must expressly disapprove of regulation to prevent it from be-coming law, which would keep Congress en-gaged as to pending regulatory policy and pre-vent costly and unsound policies from being im-plemented and becoming effective; 
(4) requires a three year retrospective cost- 
benefit analysis of all new major regulations, to ensure that regulations operate as intended; 
(5) reinforces the requirement of regulatory 
impact analysis for regulations proposed by ex-ecutive branch agencies but also expands the re-quirement to independent agencies so that by law they consider the costs and benefits of pro-posed regulations rather than merely being en-couraged to do so as is current practice; and 
(6) requires a formal rulemaking process for 
all major regulations, which would increase transparency over the process and allow inter-ested parties to communicate their views on pro-posed legislation to agency officials. 
SEC. 6209. POLICY STATEMENT ON HIGHER EDU-
CATION AND WORKFORCE DEVELOP-MENT OPPORTUNITY. 
(a) F INDINGS ON HIGHER EDUCATION .—The 
House of Representatives finds the following: 
(1) A well-educated workforce is critical to 
economic, job, and wage growth. 
(2) Roughly 20 million students are enrolled in 
American colleges and universities. 
(3) Over the past decade, tuition and fees 
have been growing at an unsustainable rate. Between the 2004–2005 Academic Year and the 2014–2015 Academic Year— 
(A) published tuition and fees at public 4-year 
colleges and universities increased at an average rate of 3.5 percent per year above the rate of in-flation; 
(B) published tuition and fees at public two- 
year colleges and universities increased at an average rate of 2.5 percent per year above the rate of inflation; and 
(C) published tuition and fees at private non-
profit 4-year colleges and universities increased at an average rate of 2.2 percent per year above the rate of inflation. 
(4) Federal financial aid for higher education 
has also seen a dramatic increase. The portion of the Federal student aid portfolio composed of Direct Loans, Federal Family Education Loans, and Perkins Loans with outstanding balances grew by 119 percent between fiscal year 2007 and fiscal year 2014. 
(5) This spending has failed to make college 
more affordable. (6) In his 2012 State of the Union Address, 
President Obama noted: ‘‘We can’t just keep subsidizing skyrocketing tuition; we’ll run out of money’’. 
(7) American students are chasing ever-in-
creasing tuition with ever-increasing debt. Ac-cording to the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, student debt now stands at nearly $1.2 trillion. This makes student loans the second largest balance of consumer debt, after mortgage debt. 
(8) Students are carrying large debt loads and 
too many fail to complete college or end up de-faulting on these loans due to their debt burden and a weak economy and job market. 
(9) Based on estimates from the Congressional 
Budget Office, the Pell Grant Program will face a fiscal shortfall beginning in fiscal year 2017 and continuing in each subsequent year in the current budget window. 
(10) Failing to address these problems will 
jeopardize access and affordability to higher education for America’s young people. 
(b) P
OLICY ON HIGHER EDUCATION AFFORD -
ABILITY .—In the House of Representatives, it is 
the policy of this concurrent resolution to ad-dress the root drivers of tuition inflation, by— 
(1) targeting Federal financial aid to those 
most in need; 
(2) streamlining programs that provide aid to 
make them more effective; 
(3) maintaining the maximum Pell grant 
award level at $5,775 in each year of the budget window; and 
(4) removing regulatory barriers in higher 
education that act to restrict flexibility and in-novative teaching, particularly as it relates to non-traditional models such as online coursework and competency-based learning. 
(c) F
INDINGS ON WORKFORCE DEVELOPMENT .— 
The House of Representatives finds the fol-lowing: 
(1) 8.7 million Americans are currently unem-
ployed. 
(2) Despite billions of dollars in spending, 
those looking for work are stymied by a broken workforce development system that fails to con-nect workers with assistance and employers with trained personnel. 
(3) The House Education and Workforce Com-
mittee successfully consolidated 15 job training programs in the recently enacted Workforce In-novation and Opportunity Act. 
(d) P
OLICY ON WORKFORCE DEVELOPMENT .— 
In the House of Representatives, it is the policy of this concurrent resolution to address the failings in the current workforce development system, by— 
(1) further streamlining and consolidating 
Federal job training programs; and 
(2) empowering states with the flexibility to 
tailor funding and programs to the specific needs of their workforce, including the develop-ment of career scholarships. 
SEC. 6210. POLICY STATEMENT ON DEPARTMENT 
OF VETERANS AFFAIRS. 
(a) F INDINGS .—The House of Representatives 
finds the following: 
(1) For years, there has been serious concern 
regarding the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) bureaucratic mismanagement and contin-uous failure to provide veterans timely access to health care and benefits. 
(2) In 2014, reports started breaking across the 
Nation that VA medical centers were manipu-
lating wait-list documents to hide long delays veterans were facing to receive health care. The VA hospital scandal led to the immediate res-ignation of then-Secretary of Veterans Affairs Eric K. Shinseki. 
(3) In 2015, for the first time ever, VA health 
care was added to the ‘‘high-risk’’ list of the Government Accountability Office (GAO), due to management and oversight failures that have directly resulted in risks to the timeliness, cost- effectiveness, and quality of health care. 
(4) In response to the scandal, the House Com-
mittee on Veterans’ Affairs held several over-sight hearings and ultimately enacted the Vet-erans’ Access, Choice and Accountability Act of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:13 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A29AP7.008 H29APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2542 April 29, 2015 
2014 (VACAA) (Public Law 113–146) to address 
these problems. VACAA provided $15 billion in emergency resources to fund internal health care needs within the department and provided veterans enhanced access to private-sector health care under the new Veterans Choice Pro-gram. 
(b) P
OLICY ON THE DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS  
AFFAIRS .—This budget supports the continued 
oversight efforts by the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representatives to en-sure the VA is not only transparent and ac-countable, but also successful in achieving its goals in providing timely health care and bene-fits to America’s veterans. The Committee on the Budget of the House of Representatives will con-tinue to closely monitor the VA’s progress to en-sure resources provided by Congress are suffi-cient and efficiently used to provide needed ben-efits and services to veterans. 
SEC. 6211. POLICY STATEMENT ON FEDERAL AC-
COUNTING METHODOLOGIES. 
(a) F INDINGS .—The House of Representatives 
finds the following: 
(1) Given the thousands of Federal programs 
and trillions of dollars the Federal Government spends each year, assessing and accounting for Federal fiscal activities and liabilities is a com-plex undertaking. 
(2) Current methods of accounting leave much 
to be desired in capturing the full scope of gov-ernment and in presenting information in a clear and compelling way that illuminates the best options going forward. 
(3) Most fiscal analysis produced by the Con-
gressional Budget Office (CBO) is conducted over a relatively short time horizon: 10 or 25 years. While this time frame is useful for most purposes, it fails to consider the fiscal con-sequences over the longer term. 
(4) Additionally, current accounting method-
ology does not provide an analysis of how the Federal Government’s fiscal situation over the long run affects Americans of various age co-horts. 
(5) Another consideration is how Federal pro-
grams should be accounted for. The ‘‘accrual method’’ of accounting records revenue when it is earned and expenses when they are incurred, while the ‘‘cash method’’ records revenue and expenses when cash is actually paid or received. 
(6) The Federal budget accounts for most pro-
grams using cash accounting. Some programs, however, particularly loan and loan guarantee programs, are accounted for using accrual meth-ods. 
(7) GAO has indicated that accrual account-
ing may provide a more accurate estimation of the Federal Government’s liabilities than cash accounting for some programs specifically those that provide some form of insurance. 
(8) Where accrual accounting is used, it is al-
most exclusively calculated by CBO according to the methodology outlined in the Federal Credit Reform Act of 1990 (FCRA). CBO uses fair value methodology instead of FCRA to measure the cost of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, for exam-ple. 
(9) FCRA methodology, however, understates 
the risk and thus the true cost of Federal pro-grams. An alternative is fair value methodology, which uses discount rates that incorporate the risk inherent to the type of liability being esti-mated in addition to Treasury discount rates of the proper maturity length. 
(10) The Congressional Budget Office has con-
cluded that ‘‘adopting a fair-value approach would provide a more comprehensive way to measure the costs of Federal credit programs and would permit more level comparisons be-tween those costs and the costs of other forms of federal assistance’’ than the current approach under FCRA. 
(b) P
OLICY ON FEDERAL ACCOUNTING METH-
ODOLOGIES .—In the House of Representatives, it 
is the policy of this concurrent resolution that Congress should, in consultation with the Con-gressional Budget Office and the public affected by Federal budgetary choices, adopt Govern-
ment-wide reforms of budget and accounting practices so the American people and their rep-resentatives can more readily understand the fiscal situation of the Government of the United States and the options best suited to improving it. Such reforms may include but should not be limited to the following: 
(1) Providing additional metrics to enhance 
our current analysis by considering our fiscal situation comprehensively, over an extended time horizon, and as it affects Americans of var-ious age cohorts. 
(2) Expanding the use of accrual accounting 
where appropriate. 
(3) Accounting for certain Federal credit pro-
grams using fair value accounting as opposed to the current approach under the Federal Credit Reform Act of 1990. 
SEC. 6212. POLICY STATEMENT ON REDUCING UN-
NECESSARY, WASTEFUL, AND UNAU-THORIZED SPENDING. 
(a) F INDINGS .—The House of Representatives 
finds the following: 
(1) The Government Accountability Office 
(GAO) is required by law to identify examples of waste, duplication, and overlap in Federal pro-grams, and has so identified dozens of such ex-amples. 
(2) In its report to Congress on Government 
Efficiency and Effectiveness, the Comptroller General has stated that addressing the identi-fied waste, duplication, and overlap in Federal programs could ‘‘lead to tens of billions of dol-lars of additional savings.’’. 
(3) In 2011, 2012, 2013, and 2014 the GAO 
issued reports showing excessive duplication and redundancy in Federal programs includ-ing— 
(A) two hundred nine Science, Technology, 
Engineering, and Mathematics education pro-grams in 13 different Federal agencies at a cost of $3 billion annually; 
(B) two hundred separate Department of Jus-
tice crime prevention and victim services grant programs with an annual cost of $3.9 billion in 2010; 
(C) twenty different Federal entities admin-
ister 160 housing programs and other forms of Federal assistance for housing with a total cost of $170 billion in 2010; 
(D) seventeen separate Homeland Security 
preparedness grant programs that spent $37 bil-lion between fiscal years 2011 and 2012; 
(E) fourteen grant and loan programs, and 
three tax benefits to reduce diesel emissions; 
(F) ninety-four different initiatives run by 11 
different agencies to encourage ‘‘green build-ing’’ in the private sector; and 
(G) twenty-three agencies implemented ap-
proximately 670 renewable energy initiatives in fiscal year 2010 at a cost of nearly $15 billion. 
(4) The Federal Government spends more than 
$80 billion each year for approximately 1,400 in-formation technology investments. GAO has identified broad acquisition failures, waste, and unnecessary duplication in the Government’s information technology infrastructure. experts have estimated that eliminating these problems could save 25 percent or $20 billion. 
(5) GAO has identified strategic sourcing as a 
potential source of spending reductions. In 2011 GAO estimated that saving 10 percent of the total or all Federal procurement could generate more than $50 billion in savings annually. 
(6) Federal agencies reported an estimated 
$106 billion in improper payments in fiscal year 2013. 
(7) Under clause 2 of rule XI of the Rules of 
the House of Representatives, each standing committee must hold at least one hearing during each 120 day period following its establishment on waste, fraud, abuse, or mismanagement in Government programs. 
(8) According to the Congressional Budget Of-
fice, by fiscal year 2015, 32 laws will expire, pos-sibly resulting in $693 billion in unauthorized appropriations. Timely reauthorizations of these laws would ensure assessments of program jus-
tification and effectiveness. 
(9) The findings resulting from congressional 
oversight of Federal Government programs should result in programmatic changes in both authorizing statutes and program funding lev-els. 
(b) P
OLICY ON REDUCING UNNECESSARY , 
WASTEFUL , ANDUNAUTHORIZED SPENDING .— 
(1) Each authorizing committee of the House 
of Representatives annually should include in its Views and Estimates letter required under section 301(d) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 recommendations to the Committee on the Budget of the House of Representatives of programs within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee whose funding should be reduced or eliminated. 
(2) Committees of jurisdiction should review 
all unauthorized programs funded through an-nual appropriations to determine if the pro-grams are operating efficiently and effectively. 
(3) Committees should reauthorize those pro-
grams that in the committees’ judgment should continue to receive funding. 
(4) For those programs not reauthorized by 
committees, the House of Representatives should enforce the limitations on funding such unau-thorized programs in the House rules. If the strictures of the rules are deemed to be too rapid in prohibiting spending on unauthorized pro-grams, then milder measures should be adopted and enforced until a return to the full prohibi-tion of clause 2(a)(1) of rule XXI of the Rules of the House. 
SEC. 6213. POLICY STATEMENT ON DEFICIT RE-
DUCTION THROUGH THE CANCELLA-TION OF UNOBLIGATED BALANCES. 
(a) F INDINGS .—The House of Representatives 
finds the following: 
(1) According to the most recent estimate from 
the Office of Management and Budget, Federal agencies were expected to hold $844 billion in unobligated balances at the close of fiscal year 2015. 
(2) These funds represent direct and discre-
tionary spending previously made available by Congress that remains available for expenditure. 
(3) In some cases, agencies are granted fund-
ing and it remains available for obligation in-definitely. 
(4) The Congressional Budget and Impound-
ment Control Act of 1974 requires the Office of Management and Budget to make funds avail-able to agencies for obligation and prohibits the Administration from withholding or cancelling unobligated funds unless approved by an Act of Congress. 
(5) Greater congressional oversight is required 
to review and identify potential savings from canceling unobligated balances of funds that are no longer needed. 
(b) P
OLICY ON DEFICIT REDUCTION THROUGH  
THE CANCELLATION OF UNOBLIGATED BAL-
ANCES .—In the House of Representatives, com-
mittees should through their oversight activities identify and achieve savings through the can-cellation or rescission of unobligated balances that neither abrogate contractual obligations of the Government nor reduce or disrupt Federal commitments under programs such as Social Se-curity, veterans’ affairs, national security, and Treasury authority to finance the national debt. 
(c) D
EFICIT REDUCTION .—The House of Rep-
resentatives, with the assistance of the Govern-ment Accountability Office, the Inspectors Gen-eral, and other appropriate agencies should con-tinue to make it a high priority to review unob-ligated balances and identify savings for deficit reduction. 
SEC. 6214. POLICY STATEMENT ON AGENCY FEES 
AND SPENDING. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the following: 
(1) A number of Federal agencies and organi-
zations have permanent authority to collect fees and other offsetting collections and to spend these collected funds. 
(2) The total amount of offsetting fees and off-
setting collections is estimated by the Office of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:13 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A29AP7.008 H29APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2543 April 29, 2015 
Management and Budget to be $525 billion in 
fiscal year 2016. 
(3) Agency budget justifications are, in some 
cases, not fully transparent about the amount of program activity funded through offsetting col-lections or fees. This lack of transparency pre-vents effective and accountable government. 
(b) P
OLICY ON AGENCY FEES AND SPENDING .— 
In the House of Representatives, it is the policy of this concurrent resolution that Congress must reassert its constitutional prerogative to control spending and conduct oversight. To do so, Con-gress should enact legislation requiring pro-grams that are funded through fees, offsetting receipts, or offsetting collections to be allocated new budget authority annually. Such allocation may arise from— 
(1) legislation originating from the author-
izing committee of jurisdiction for the agency or program; or 
(2) fee and account specific allocations in-
cluded in annual appropriation Acts. 
SEC. 6215. POLICY STATEMENT ON RESPONSIBLE 
STEWARDSHIP OF TAXPAYER DOL-LARS. 
(a) F INDINGS .—The House of Representatives 
finds the following: 
(1) The budget for the House of Representa-
tives is $188 million less than it was when Re-publicans became the majority in 2011. 
(2) The House of Representatives has achieved 
significant savings by consolidating operations and renegotiating contracts. 
(b) P
OLICY ON RESPONSIBLE STEWARDSHIP OF  
TAXPAYER DOLLARS .—In the House of Rep-
resentatives, it is the policy of this concurrent resolution that: 
(1) The House of Representatives must be a 
model for the responsible stewardship of tax-payer resources and therefore must identify any savings that can be achieved through greater productivity and efficiency gains in the oper-ation and maintenance of House services and re-sources like printing, conferences, utilities, tele-communications, furniture, grounds mainte-nance, postage, and rent. This should include a review of policies and procedures for acquisition of goods and services to eliminate any unneces-sary spending. The Committee on House Admin-istration should review the policies pertaining to the services provided to Members and committees of the House of Representatives, and should identify ways to reduce any subsidies paid for the operation of the House gym, barber shop, salon, and the House dining room. 
(2) No taxpayer funds may be used to pur-
chase first class airfare or to lease corporate jets for Members of Congress. 
(3) Retirement benefits for Members of Con-
gress should not include free, taxpayer-funded health care for life. 
SEC. 6216. POLICY STATEMENT ON ‘‘NO BUDGET, 
NO PAY’’. 
In the House of Representatives, it is the pol-
icy of this concurrent resolution that Congress should agree to a concurrent resolution on the budget every year pursuant to section 301 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974. If by April 15, the House of Representatives has not agreed to a concurrent resolution on the budget, the pay-roll administrator of the House of Representa-tives should carry out this policy in the same manner as the provisions of Public Law 113–3, the No Budget, No Pay Act of 2013, and should place in an escrow account all compensation otherwise required to be made for Members of the House of Representatives. Withheld com-pensation should be released to Members of the House of Representatives the earlier of the day on which the House of Representatives agrees to a concurrent resolution on the budget, pursuant to section 301 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, or the last day of that Congress. 
SEC. 6217. POLICY STATEMENT ON NATIONAL SE-
CURITY FUNDING. 
(a) F INDINGS .—The House of Representatives 
finds the following: (1) Russian aggression, the growing threats of 
the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant in the Middle East, North Korean and Iranian nuclear and missile programs, and continued Chinese in-vestments in high-end military capabilities and cyber warfare shape the parameters of an in-creasingly complex and challenging security en-vironment. 
(2) All four current service chiefs testified that 
the National Military Strategy could not be exe-cuted at sequestration levels. 
(3) The independent and bipartisan National 
Defense Panel conducted risk assessments of force structure changes triggered by the Budget Control Act of 2011 (BCA) and concluded that in addition to previous cuts to defense dating back to 2009, the sequestration of defense discre-tionary spending has ‘‘caused significant short-falls in U.S. military readiness and both present and future capabilities’’. 
(4) The President’s fiscal year 2016 budget ir-
responsibly ignores current law and requests a defense budget $38 billion above the caps for rhetorical gain. By creating an expectation of spending without a plan to avoid the BCA’s guaranteed sequester upon breaching of its caps, the White House’s proposal compounds the fiscal uncertainty that has affected the mili-tary’s ability to adequately plan for future con-tingencies and make investments crucial for the Nation’s defense. 
(5) The President’s budget proposes $1.8 tril-
lion in tax increases, in addition to the $1.7 tril-lion in tax hikes the Administration has already imposed. The President’s tax increases would further burden economic growth and is not a re-alistic source for offsets to fund defense seques-ter replacement. 
(b) P
OLICY ON FISCAL YEAR2016 N ATIONAL  
DEFENSE FUNDING .—In fiscal year 2015, the 
House-passed budget resolution anticipated $566 billion for national defense in the discretionary base budget for fiscal year 2016. With no nec-essary statutory change yet provided by Con-gress, the BCA statute would require limiting national defense discretionary base funding to $523 billion in fiscal year 2016. However, in total with $90 billion, the House of Representatives Budget estimate for Overseas Contingency Oper-ations funding for the Department of Defense, the fiscal year 2016 budget provides over $613 billion total for defense spending that is higher than the President’s budget request for the fis-cal year. 
(c) D
EFENSE READINESS AND MODERNIZATION  
FUND.—(1) The budget resolution recognizes the 
need to ensure robust funding for national de-fense while maintaining overall fiscal discipline. The budget resolution prioritizes our national defense and the needs of the warfighter by pro-viding needed dollars through the creation of the ‘‘Defense Readiness and Modernization Fund’’. 
(2) The Defense Readiness and Modernization 
Fund provides the mechanism for Congress to responsibly allocate in a deficit-neutral way the resources the military needs to secure the safety and liberty of United States citizens from threats at home and abroad. The Defense Readi-ness and Modernization Fund will provide the chair of the Committee on the Budget of the House of Representatives the ability to increase allocations to support legislation that would provide for the Department of Defense warfighting capabilities, modernization, train-ing and maintenance associated with combat readiness, activities to reach full auditability of the Department of Defense’s financial state-ments, and implementation of military and com-pensation reforms. 
(d) S
EQUESTER REPLACEMENT FOR NATIONAL  
DEFENSE .—This concurrent resolution encour-
ages an immediate reevaluation of Federal Gov-ernment priorities to maintain the strength of America’s national security posture. In identi-fying policies to restructure and stabilize the Government’s major entitlement programs which, along with net interest, will consume all Federal revenue in less than 20 years, the budg-
et also charts a course that can ensure the availability of needed national security re-sources. 
And the House agree to the same. 
T
OMPRICE, 
TODDROKITA , 
MARIO DIAZ-BALART , 
DIANE BLACK , 
JOHNR. M OOLENAAR , 
Managers on the Part of the House. 
MICHAEL B. E NZI, 
CHUCK GRASSLEY , 
JEFFSESSIONS , 
MIKECRAPO , 
LINDSEY GRAHAM , 
ROBPORTMAN , 
PATRICK J. T OOMEY , 
RONJOHNSON , 
KELLY AYOTTE , 
ROGER F. W ICKER , 
BOBCORKER , 
DAVID PERDUE , 
Managers on the Part of the Senate. 
JOINT EXPLANATORY STATEMENT OF 
THE COMMITTEE OF CONFERENCE 
The managers on the part of the House and 
the Senate at the conference on the dis-agreeing votes of the two Houses on the amendment of the House to the concurrent resolution (S. Con. Res. 11), setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025, submit the fol-lowing joint statement to the House and the Senate in explanation of the effect of the ac-tion agreed upon by the managers and rec-ommended in the accompanying conference report: 
Joint Explanatory Statement of the 
Committee on Conference 
The conference agreement between the 
Senate and the House on the fiscal year 2016 budget resolution is a statement of good faith to the American people that Congress can govern responsibly and effectively. This budget agreement achieves five important objectives: 
It balances the budget within 10 years to 
address the problem of government over-spending and rising debt. 
It balances solely by limiting government 
spending, not by raising taxes, thereby boosting the private sector economy and job creation. 
It provides a path through reconciliation 
to repeal the Affordable Care Act with its burdensome mandates and restrictions, a first step toward introducing real, patient- centered health care reform. 
It makes national defense a priority and 
provides for the maximum allowable defense funding under current law, with a fiscally re-sponsible path for further spending in-creases. 
It calls for a return to regular order in 
Congress, allowing all committees to act fully and Appropriations Committees to con-sider spending bills on time. 
It is well known that a budget is more than 
a set of numbers. It is a reflection of na-tional priorities, a vision of the future. When developed in a responsible way, a sound Fed-eral budget can provide a foundation for moving America in the direction of greater opportunity and economic growth and a safer and more secure Nation. 
In writing this budget, Congress is restor-
ing a priority neglected since fiscal year 2010. Moreover, in writing a 10-year balanced budget, the House and Senate Budget Com-mittees have accomplished something the President’s budget never does and that Con-gress last achieved in fiscal year 2002—nearly 15 years ago. Passing this budget will also let 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:13 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29AP7.008 H29APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2544 April 29, 2015 
the congressional policymakers who actually 
allocate the dollars get to work and observe its spending limits to achieve the Nation’s goals. 
The agreement presents a responsible path 
forward to reduce the Nation’s debt burden and expand economic opportunity for all Americans. In meeting the goals cited above, the budget aims to restore public trust by eliminating wasteful Washington over-spending; making government truly more ef-fective and more accountable; protecting America’s most vulnerable citizens; and strengthening the health and retirement of the Nation’s seniors. It ensures taxpayers’ dollars are spent more wisely, and that Medi-care, Medicaid, nutrition assistance, and other programs can deliver on their prom-ises. While providing a sturdy and reliable safety net for those who need it, this budget also helps others break free of government dependency and pursue self-sufficiency. 
The budget’s deficit reduction also will 
have tangible benefits for the economy. The Congressional Budget Office [CBO] has ana-lyzed how the funding changes contained in the conference report likely would affect U.S. economic performance, finding that the fully implemented spending levels of the budget resolution conference report would 
improve the economy. Specifically, the budg-et office found that: a) per capita real gross national product [GNP], a proxy for a coun-try’s standard of living, would be 1.4 percent higher in 2025 than it would be without the spending changes; and b) nominal GDP would be $400 billion higher by fiscal year 2025 than it would otherwise be. 
On the current fiscal trajectory, which is 
marked by rising debt levels as a share of the economy, government borrowing would even-tually lead to a decline in national savings and a ‘‘crowding out’’ of private investment. Crowding out occurs when the Federal Gov-ernment’s borrowing competes successfully with that of private borrowers. Not only can the Federal Government command credit re-sources more readily, thanks to its generally superior rating for default risk when com-pared with private borrowers, but excessive borrowing can put upward pressure on inter-est rates that private borrowers must pay. Less credit available in private lending mar-kets could mean higher prices for Americans as borrowers. 
CBO’s analysis of the conference agree-
ment indicates that deficit reduction also creates long-term economic benefits because it increases the pool of national savings and boosts private investment, thereby raising economic growth and job creation. CBO esti-mates that the conference agreement would maintain budget balance in the years beyond the budget window and significantly reduce Federal debt held by the public as a percent of GDP. To put this in perspective, publicly held debt to GDP currently stands at 74 per-cent, its highest level since 1951, and is pro-jected to rise steadily in the decades ahead under CBO’s extended current law baseline. CBO estimates that the conference agree-ment would reduce debt as a percent of GDP to 56 percent in 2025 and ultimately to about 20 percent in 2040. 
A congressional budget develops in stages, 
of which a concurrent resolution on the budget agreed to by the House and Senate is the first. The resolution establishes a frame-
work for fiscal policy and proposes an align-ment of resources with Congress’s governing priorities. It is the only legislative vehicle that reflects a global assessment of the gov-erning majority’s priorities and the demands on Federal resources. Subsequently, respec-tive committees of jurisdiction develop, in accordance with their judgments, policy re-forms needed to achieve the budget’s fiscal aims, guided by the budget’s aggregates and recommended function levels, as presented later in this statement. 
The managers on the part of the House and 
the Senate of the conference on the votes in disagreement between the Houses on the concurrent resolution establishing the con-gressional budget for the United States Gov-ernment for fiscal year 2016, and setting forth appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025 (S. Con. Res. 11) sub-mit the following joint statement to the House and the Senate in explanation of the effect of the action agreed upon by the man-agers and recommended in the accom-panying conference report. 
The House amendment struck all of the 
Senate concurrent resolution after the re-solving clause and inserted the text of H. Con. Res. 27. 
The Senate recedes from its disagreement 
to the amendment of the House with an amendment that is a substitute for the Sen-ate concurrent resolution and the House amendment. The differences among the Sen-ate concurrent resolution, the House amend-ment thereto, and the substitute agreed to in conference are noted below, except for cler-ical corrections, conforming changes made necessary by agreements reached by the con-ferees, and minor drafting and clarifying changes. 
Conferees on the Concurrent Resolution on 
the Budget for Fiscal Year 2016 met in public session on Monday, April 20, 2015. 
DISPLAYS AND AMOUNTS 
The required contents of concurrent budg-
et resolutions are set forth in section 301(a) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974. The years in this document are fiscal years un-less otherwise noted. 
Each function discussion provides rec-
ommended function totals for budget author-ity and outlays, as well as a breakout of dis-cretionary (annually appropriated) and di-rect (or mandatory) spending amounts for fiscal year 2016. These figures are not bind-ing; they are intended to provide an overall accounting of estimated spending require-ments and priorities according to major cat-egories of government activities. Figures for the Senate resolution and the House amend-ment are based on CBO’s January 2015 base-line; conference agreement numbers are based on CBO’s March 2015 baseline, adjusted for the enactment of H.R. 2. 
SENATE RESOLUTION  
The Senate concurrent resolution includes 
all of the items required under Section 301(a) of the Congressional Budget Act. 
HOUSE AMENDMENT  
The House amendment includes all of the 
items required as part of a concurrent budg-et resolution under section 301(a) of the Con-gressional Budget Act other than the spend-ing and revenue levels for Social Security 
Retirement and Disability (which are used to enforce a point of order applicable only in the Senate). It also adds three additional separate budget functions: Government-Wide Savings (930); Overseas Contingency Oper-ations/Global War on Terrorism (970); and Across-the-Board Adjustment (990). 
Discussion of the governing principles un-
derlying the budget’s recommended policy reforms can be found in House Report 114–47 accompanying H. Con. Res. 27, the House Concurrent Resolution on the Budget for Fiscal Year 2016. 
CONFERENCE AGREEMENT  
The conference agreement includes all of 
the items required under Section 301(a) of the Congressional Budget Act, and adds one separate budget function: Overseas Contin-gency Operations/Global War on Terrorism (970). 
AGGREGATE AND FUNCTION LEVELS 
The following tables are included in this 
section: 
Table 1.—Economic Assumptions for the 
Conference Agreement 
Table 2.—FY 2016 Budget Resolution Con-
ference Agreement Summary 
Table 3.—FY 2016 Budget Resolution Con-
ference Agreement Budget Aggregates 
Table 4.—FY 2016 Budget Resolution Con-
ference Agreement Discretionary Budget Au-thority 
Table 5.—FY 2016 Budget Resolution Con-
ference Agreement Mandatory Outlays 
Table 6.—FY 2016 Budget Resolution Con-
ference Agreement Aggregate and Function Levels 
Table 7.—FY 2016 Budget Resolution as 
Passed by the Senate 
Table 8.—Fiscal Year 2016 Budget Resolu-
tion Total Spending and Revenue, as Passed by the House 
Table 9.—Fiscal Year 2016 Budget Resolu-
tion Discretionary Spending, as Passed by the House 
Table 10.—Fiscal Year 2016 Budget Resolu-
tion Mandatory Spending, as Passed by the House 
ECONOMIC ASSUMPTIONS 
Section 301(g)(2) of the Congressional 
Budget Act requires that the joint explana-tory statement accompanying a conference report on a budget resolution set forth the common economic assumptions upon which the joint statement and conference report are based. The conference agreement is built upon the economic forecasts development by the Congressional Budget Office and pre-sented in CBO’s ‘‘Updated Budget Projec-tions: 2015 to 2015,’’ (March 9, 2015). 
SENATE RESOLUTION  
The Senate resolution employed CBO’s 
economic assumptions published in January 2015. 
HOUSE AMENDMENT  
The House amendment uses CBO’s eco-
nomic assumptions published in January 2015. 
CONFERENCE AGREEMENT  
The conference agreement uses CBO’s eco-
nomic assumption published in March 2015. 
TABLE 1.—ECONOMIC ASSUMPTIONS FOR THE CONFERENCE AGREEMENT 
[Fiscal year] 
2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 2025 
Gross Domestic Product (GDP): 
Billions of dollars ............................................................................................................ .................................... 18,016 18,832 19,701 20,558 21,404 22,315 23,271 24,262 25,287 26,352 27,456 
Percentage change .............................................................................................................. ................................ 4.4 4.5 4.6 4.4 4.1 4.3 4.3 4.3 4.2 4.2 4.2 
Real GDP: 
Billions of 2009 dollars ....................................................................................................... ................................ 16,405 16,893 17,361 17,763 18,127 18,524 18,934 19,346 19,762 20,180 20,603 
Percentage change .............................................................................................................. ................................ 2.7 3.0 2.8 2.3 2.1 2.2 2.2 2.2 2.2 2.1 2.1 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:13 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29AP7.012 H29APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2545 April 29, 2015 
TABLE 1.—ECONOMIC ASSUMPTIONS FOR THE CONFERENCE AGREEMENT—Continued 
[Fiscal year] 
2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 2025 
Consumer Price Index, All Urban Consumers (CPI–U): 
1982–84=100 .................................................................................................................... .................................. 238.6 243.3 248.9 254.7 260.7 267.0 273.5 280.2 287.0 294.0 301.0 
Percentage change .............................................................................................................. ................................ 1.1 2.0 2.3 2.4 2.3 2.4 2.4 2.4 2.4 2.4 2.4 
Price Index, Personal Consumption Expenditures (PCE): 
2009=100 ....................................................................................................................... ..................................... 109.7 111.6 113.7 116.0 118.3 120.7 123.1 125.6 128.1 130.7 133.3 
Percentage change .............................................................................................................. ................................ 1.1 1.7 1.9 2.0 2.0 2.0 2.0 2.0 2.0 2.0 2.0 
Unemployment Rate, Civilian, 16 Years or Older: 
Percent ........................................................................................................................ ......................................... 5.6 5.4 5.4 5.3 5.4 5.5 5.5 5.5 5.4 5.4 5.4 
Employment, Total Nonfarm (Establishment Survey): 
Millions ....................................................................................................................... .......................................... 141 143 144 146 146 147 148 149 150 151 152 
Percentage change .............................................................................................................. ................................ 2.0 1.4 1.1 0.8 0.5 0.6 0.6 0.6 0.6 0.6 0.6 
10-Year Treasury Note: 
Percent ........................................................................................................................ ......................................... 2.6 3.2 3.8 4.1 4.4 4.6 4.6 4.6 4.6 4.6 4.6 
Income, Personal: 
Billions of dollars ............................................................................................................ .................................... 15,183 15,905 16,682 17,508 18,331 19,195 20,125 21,059 22,007 23,003 24,054 
Percentage of GDP .............................................................................................................. ................................. 84.3 84.5 84.7 85.2 85.6 86.0 86.5 86.8 87.0 87.3 87.6 
FUNCTIONS AND REVENUES 
TABLE 2.—FY 2016 BUDGET RESOLUTION CONFERENCE AGREEMENT SUMMARY 
[Fiscal year, $ billions] 
2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 2025 2016–20 2016–25 
Conference Levels: 
Outlays ........................................................................................................................ ...................................... 3,871 3,808 3,846 4,027 4,210 4,365 4,581 4,695 4,774 5,006 19,761 43,183 
Revenues ....................................................................................................................... .................................... 3,471 3,602 3,729 3,875 4,035 4,211 4,395 4,596 4,806 5,030 18,711 41,750 
Deficit(+)/Surplus( ¥) .............................................................................................................................. ........ 400 206 117 152 176 153 186 99 ¥32 ¥24 1,050 1,432 
Debt held by the public ........................................................................................................ ............................ 13,842 14,124 14,307 14,523 14,757 14,965 15,204 15,354 15,374 15,405 
As a Share of GDP:a 
Outlays ........................................................................................................................ ...................................... 20.6% 19.4% 18.8% 18.8% 18.8% 18.7% 18.8% 18.5% 18.0% 18.1% 19.3% 18.8% 
Revenues ....................................................................................................................... .................................... 18.5% 18.4% 18.2% 18.1% 18.0% 18.1% 18.0% 18.1% 18.1% 18.2% 18.2% 18.2% 
Deficit(+)/Surplus( ¥) .............................................................................................................................. ........ 2.1% 1.0% 0.6% 0.7% 0.8% 0.7% 0.8% 0.4% ¥0.1% ¥0.1% 1.0% 0.7% 
Debt held by the public ........................................................................................................ ............................ 73.6% 72.1% 69.8% 67.9% 65.9% 64.2% 62.3% 60.5% 58.0% 55.6% n.a. n.a. 
aIn 2016–20 and 2016–25 columns, percentages reflect five- and ten-year averages, respectively. 
TABLE 3.—FY 2016 BUDGET RESOLUTION CONFERENCE AGREEMENT BUDGET AGGREGATES 
[Fiscal year, $ billions] 
2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 2025 2016–20 2016–25 
Discretionary: 
Defense (regular BA)a.......................................................................................................................... 523 5 36 549 562 576 590 623 636 649 662 2,746 5,906 
Nondefense (regular BA)a..................................................................................................................... 493 477 47 8 487 495 503 509 515 521 527 2,431 5,006 
Total Discretionary: 
BA ............................................................................................................................. ......................... 1,120 1,085 1,097 1,113 1,128 1,148 1,132 1,151 1,170 1,189 5,542 11,332 
OT ............................................................................................................................. ......................... 1,206 1,167 1,148 1,157 1,167 1,182 1,181 1,176 1,180 1,200 5,845 11,764 
% change (BA)b............................................................................................................................... ....¥0.2% ¥3.1% 1.1% 1.5% 1.3% 1.8% ¥1.4% 1.7% 1.7% 1.6% 0.1% 0.6% 
Mandatory (OT) ............................................................................................................................... ........... 2,390 2,316 2,311 2,431 2,559 2,667 2,853 2,943 2,997 3,196 12,007 26,662 
% changeb............................................................................................................................... ............ 4.8% ¥3.1% ¥0.2% 5.2% 5.3% 4.2% 7.0% 3.2% 1.8% 6.6% 2.3% 3.4% 
Net interest (OT) ............................................................................................................................... ........ 275 325 387 438 484 516 548 576 598 611 1,910 4,757 
% changeb............................................................................................................................... ............ 20.4% 18.0% 19.1% 13.3% 10.4% 6.5% 6.3% 5.2% 3.8% 2.1% 16.2% 10.3% 
Total outlays ............................................................................................................................... ............... 3,871 3,808 3,846 4,027 4,210 4,365 4,581 4,695 4,774 5,006 19,761 43,183 
% changeb............................................................................................................................... ............ 5.1% ¥1.6% 1.0% 4.7% 4.6% 3.7% 5.0% 2.5% 1.7% 4.9% 2.7% 3.1% 
Revenues ............................................................................................................................... .................... 3,471 3,602 3,729 3,875 4,035 4,211 4,395 4,596 4,806 5,030 18,711 41,750 
% changeb 8.7% 3.8% 3.5% 3.9% 4.1% 4.4% 4.4% 4.6% 4.6% 4.7% 4.8% 4.7% 
Unified deficit (+)/surplus ( Ø)............................................................................................................... 400 206 117 152 176 153 186 99 ¥32 ¥24 1,050 1,432 
On-budget ...................................................................................................................... ........................ 415 206 94 104 98 44 42 ¥84 ¥257 ¥296 917 365 
Off-budget ..................................................................................................................... ........................ ¥15 0 23 48 78 109 144 183 226 272 133 1,067 
Unified deficit/surplus % of GDP ............................................................................................... ............... 2.1% 1.0% 0.6% 0.7% 0.8% 0.7% 0.8% 0.4% ¥0.1% ¥0.1% 1.0% 0.6% 
Total Federal debt ............................................................................................................................... ..... 19,072 19,503 19,840 20,178 20,509 20,788 21,048 21,203 21,209 21,165 n.c. n.c. 
Total Federal debt % of GDP .................................................................................................... ................ 101.4% 99.5% 96.8% 94.3% 91.6% 89.2% 86.3% 83.5% 80.0% 76.4% n.c. n.c. 
Debt held by the public ........................................................................................................................... 13,8 42 14,124 14,307 14,523 14,757 14,965 15,204 15,354 15,374 15,405 n.c. n.c. 
Debt held by the public % of GDP ............................................................................................... ............ 73.6% 72.1% 69.8% 67.9% 65.9% 64.2% 62.3% 60.5% 58.0% 55.6% n.c. n.c. 
MEMORANDA: Economic Growth Benefit
c(OT) ................................................................................................................ 38 20 0 0 0  ¥23 ¥24 ¥25 ¥53 ¥55 57 ¥124 
Unified deficit (+)/surplus ( ¥) without Economic Growth Benefit ......................................................... 362 186 117 152 176 177 210 125 21 31  993 1,557 
Gross Domestic Product ......................................................................................................... .................... 18,800 19,600 20,500 21,400 22,400 23,300 24,400 25,400 26,500 27,700 102,700 230,000 
aThese amounts are subject to discretionary spending limits in the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 (th e Deficit Control Act), as amended. 
bPercentage change represents change from year prior. In 2016–20 and 2016–25 columns, percentage reflects average annual growth.  
cCBO estimate of the effect on the deficit from the change in the economy attributable to the budget plan. In this table, the ef fect is included in the mandatory spending line. 
n.c. = not computable. 
TABLE 4.—FY 2016 BUDGET RESOLUTION CONFERENCE AGREEMENT 
DISCRETIONARY BUDGET AUTHORITY 
[Fiscal year, $ billions] 
2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 2025 2016–20 2016–25 
Defense (regular BA):a 
Conference Agreement ........................................................................................................... .................................... 523 536 549 562 576 590 623 636 649 662 2,746 5,906 
CBO March Baseline ............................................................................................................. .................................... 523 536 549 562 576 590 605 620 635 651 2,746 5,848 
Difference ..................................................................................................................... ......................................... 0 0 0 0 0 0 18 16 14 11 0 58 
Nondefense (regular BA):a 
Conference Agreement ........................................................................................................... .................................... 493 477 478 487 495 503 509 515 521 527 2,431 5,006 
CBO March Baseline ............................................................................................................. .................................... 493 504 515 529 543 555 569 583 598 613 2,584 5,503 
Difference ..................................................................................................................... ......................................... 0 ¥26 ¥37 ¥43 ¥47 ¥52 ¥60 ¥68 ¥77 ¥86 ¥153 ¥496 
Overseas Contingency Operations (OCO): 
Conference Agreement ........................................................................................................... .................................... 96 65 63 58 50 48 0 0 0 0 331 378 
President’s Budget ............................................................................................................. ....................................... 58 27 27 27 27 27 0 0 0 0 191 191 
Difference ..................................................................................................................... ......................................... 38 38 36 31 23 21 0 0 0 0 166 187 
Disaster Relief Funding: 
Conference Agreement ........................................................................................................... .................................... 7 7 7 7 7 7 0 0 0 0 34 41 
President’s Budget ............................................................................................................. ....................................... 7 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 7 7 
Difference ..................................................................................................................... ......................................... 0 7 7 7 7 7 0 0 0 0 27 34 
aThese amounts are subject to discretionary spending limits in the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 (th e Deficit Control Act), as amended. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:13 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29AP7.014 H29APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2546 April 29, 2015 
TABLE 5.—FY 2016 BUDGET RESOLUTION CONFERENCE AGREEMENT MANDATORY OUTLAYS 
[Fiscal year, $ billions] 
2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 2025 2016–20 2016–25 
CBO March Baseline:a 2,488 2,565 2,633 2,798 2,954 3,118 3,350 3,476 3,597 3,872 13,438 30,852 
% changeb............................................................................................................................... ............ 9.1% 3.1% 2.7% 6.3% 5.6% 5.6% 7.4% 3.8% 3.5% 7.6% 5.3% 5.4% 
Conference Agreement:c 2,390 2,316 2,311 2,431 2,559 2,667 2,853 2,943 2,997 3,196 12,007 26,662 
% changeb............................................................................................................................... ............ 4.8% ¥3.1% ¥0.2% 5.2% 5.3% 4.2% 7.0% 3.2% 1.8% 6.6% 2.3% 3.4% 
Difference ¥99 ¥249 ¥323 ¥367 ¥395 ¥451 ¥498 ¥533 ¥601 ¥676 ¥1,432 ¥4,189 
MEMORANDUM: Gross Domestic Product ......................................................................................................... .................... 18,800 19,600 20,500 21,400 22,400 23,300 24,400 25,400 26,500 27,700 102,700 230,000 
% change
b............................................................................................................................... ............ 4.4% 4.3% 4.6% 4.4% 4.7% 4.0% 4.7% 4.1% 4.3% 4.5% 4.5% 4.4% 
aIncludes the effect of H.R. 2, which cleared Congress on April 14. 
bPercentage change represents change from year prior. In 2016–20 and 2016–25 columns, percentage reflects average annual growth.  
cIncludes economic growth benefit. 
TABLE 6—FY 2016 BUDGET RESOLUTION CONFERENCE AGREEMENT AGGREGATE AND FUNCTION LEVELS 
[Fiscal year, $ billions] 
Function 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 2025 2016–20 2016–25 
050–National Defense: 
BA .......................................................... 531.306 544.515 557.764 571.039 585.330 599.646 632.804 646.039 659 .310 673.490 2,789.954 6,001.243 
OT .......................................................... 564.325 549.357 548.021 560.439 572.493 585.628 615.907 628.518 638 .235 658.011 2,794.635 5,920.934 
Discretionary: 
BA .......................................................... 523.091 536.068 549.073 562.080 576.088 590.097 623.000 636.000 649 .000 662.000 2,746.400 5,906.497 
OT .......................................................... 555.480 540.097 538.510 550.830 562.841 575.860 605.978 618.404 627 .922 646.598 2,747.758 5,822.520 
Mandatory: 
BA .......................................................... 8.215 8.447 8.691 8.959 9.242 9.549 9.804 10.039 10.310 11.490 43.5 54 94.746 
OT .......................................................... 8.845 9.260 9.511 9.609 9.652 9.768 9.929 10.114 10.313 11.413 46.8 77 98.414 
150–International Affairs: 
BA .......................................................... 40.202 40.246 41.176 42.100 43.092 44.085 45.333 46.348 47.408 48.4 85 206.816 438.475 
OT .......................................................... 46.028 43.086 41.818 41.391 41.518 42.005 42.749 43.510 44.367 45.2 66 213.841 431.738 
Discretionary: 
BA .......................................................... 40.094 40.745 41.629 42.522 43.468 44.417 45.417 46.416 47.461 48.5 27 208.458 440.696 
OT .......................................................... 47.086 44.391 43.507 43.184 43.366 43.846 44.394 45.187 46.079 47.0 18 221.534 448.058 
Mandatory: 
BA .......................................................... 0.108 ¥0.499 ¥0.453 ¥0.422 ¥0.376 ¥0.332 ¥0.084 ¥0.068 ¥0.053 ¥0.042 ¥1.642 ¥2.221 
OT .......................................................... ¥1.058 ¥1.305 ¥1.689 ¥1.793 ¥1.848 ¥1.841 ¥1.645 ¥1.677 ¥1.712 ¥1.752 ¥7.693 ¥16.320 
250–General Science, Space and Tech-
nology: 
BA .......................................................... 29.187 29.771 30.432 31.104 31.805 32.508 33.242 33.978 34.743 35.5 17 152.299 322.287 
OT .......................................................... 29.555 29.707 30.162 30.647 31.283 31.875 32.579 33.306 34.053 34.8 15 151.354 317.982 
Discretionary: 
BA .......................................................... 29.087 29.664 30.332 31.004 31.705 32.408 33.142 33.878 34.643 35.4 17 151.792 321.280 
OT .......................................................... 29.454 29.601 30.060 30.547 31.183 31.775 32.479 33.206 33.953 34.7 15 150.845 316.973 
Mandatory: 
BA .......................................................... 0.100 0.107 0.100 0.100 0.100 0.100 0.100 0.100 0.100 0.100 0.507 1 .007 
OT .......................................................... 0.101 0.106 0.102 0.100 0.100 0.100 0.100 0.100 0.100 0.100 0.509 1 .009 
270–Energy: 
BA .......................................................... ¥3.201 1.962 ¥0.746 ¥0.856 ¥0.884 ¥0.948 ¥1.030 ¥1.098 ¥1.144 ¥1.153 ¥3.725 ¥9.098 
OT .......................................................... 1.412 1.095 ¥2.111 ¥1.936 ¥1.811 ¥1.657 ¥1.651 ¥1.643 ¥1.614 ¥1.589 ¥3.351 ¥11.505 
Discretionary: 
BA .......................................................... 2.588 2.655 2.725 2.790 2.877 2.946 3.019 3.093 3.169 3.241 13.635 29.103 
OT .......................................................... 3.233 2.740 2.612 2.736 2.820 2.885 2.961 3.033 3.107 3.183 14.141 29.310 
Mandatory: 
BA .......................................................... ¥5.789 ¥0.693 ¥3.471 ¥3.646 ¥3.761 ¥3.894 ¥4.049 ¥4.191 ¥4.313 ¥4.394 ¥17.360 ¥38.201 
OT .......................................................... ¥1.821 ¥1.645 ¥4.723 ¥4.672 ¥4.631 ¥4.542 ¥4.612 ¥4.676 ¥4.721 ¥4.772 ¥17.492 ¥40.815 
300–Natural Resources and Environment: 
BA .......................................................... 36.374 37.654 38.325 38.923 40.388 41.191 41.650 42.496 43.935 45.0 39 191.664 405.975 
OT .......................................................... 39.499 40.016 39.595 39.465 40.563 41.461 41.770 42.726 43.453 44.4 09 199.138 412.957 
Discretionary: 
BA .......................................................... 34.439 35.329 36.359 37.431 38.506 39.603 40.772 41.913 43.108 44.3 43 182.064 391.803 
OT .......................................................... 37.013 37.186 37.191 37.827 38.823 39.799 40.922 42.031 42.600 43.7 73 188.040 397.165 
Mandatory: 
BA .......................................................... 1.935 2.325 1.966 1.492 1.882 1.588 0.878 0.583 0.827 0.696 9.600 1 4.172 
OT .......................................................... 2.486 2.830 2.404 1.638 1.740 1.662 0.848 0.695 0.853 0.636 11.098 15.792 
350–Agriculture: 
BA .......................................................... 19.098 22.846 21.964 20.652 19.681 19.545 19.509 20.119 20.253 20.5 40 104.241 204.207 
OT .......................................................... 21.572 22.376 20.853 19.875 19.132 19.025 18.979 19.590 19.699 20.0 28 103.808 201.129 
Discretionary: 
BA .......................................................... 5.998 6.152 6.330 6.513 6.699 6.884 7.084 7.278 7.487 7.699 31.692 68.124 
OT .......................................................... 5.939 6.077 6.252 6.428 6.609 6.792 6.989 7.182 7.385 7.595 31.305 67.248 
Mandatory: 
BA .......................................................... 13.100 16.694 15.634 14.139 12.982 12.661 12.425 12.841 12.766 12.8 41 72.549 136.083 
OT .......................................................... 15.633 16.299 14.601 13.447 12.523 12.233 11.990 12.408 12.314 12.4 33 72.503 133.881 
370–Commerce and Housing Credit: 
BA .......................................................... ¥4.010 ¥11.014 ¥10.671 ¥10.096 ¥8.181 ¥7.989 ¥7.587 ¥7.204 ¥6.601 ¥6.379 ¥43.972 ¥79.732 
OT .......................................................... ¥13.580 ¥24.064 ¥27.566 ¥29.561 ¥25.522 ¥22.606 ¥24.053 ¥25.111 ¥25.809 ¥26.435 ¥120.293 ¥244.307 
Discretionary: 
BA .......................................................... ¥10.605 ¥13.301 ¥13.279 ¥12.114 ¥9.774 ¥8.848 ¥7.588 ¥6.382 ¥5.319 ¥4.680 ¥59.073 ¥91.890 
OT .......................................................... ¥7.165 ¥11.356 ¥12.285 ¥11.885 ¥10.163 ¥9.095 ¥8.000 ¥7.058 ¥6.021 ¥5.208 ¥52.854 ¥88.236 
Mandatory: 
BA .......................................................... 6.595 2.287 2.608 2.018 1.593 0.859 0.001 ¥0.822 ¥1.282 ¥1.699 15.101 12.158 
OT .......................................................... ¥6.415 ¥12.708 ¥15.281 ¥17.676 ¥15.359 ¥13.511 ¥16.053 ¥18.053 ¥19.788 ¥21.227 ¥67.439 ¥156.071 
370 on-budget: 
BA .......................................................... ¥0.997 ¥8.697 ¥8.277 ¥7.401 ¥5.156 ¥4.806 ¥4.250 ¥3.613 ¥2.754 ¥2.278 ¥30.528 ¥48.229 
OT .......................................................... ¥10.566 ¥21.748 ¥25.173 ¥26.866 ¥22.499 ¥19.423 ¥20.716 ¥21.520 ¥21.962 ¥22.335 ¥106.852 ¥212.808 
Discretionary: 
BA .......................................................... ¥10.871 ¥13.578 ¥13.567 ¥12.413 ¥10.084 ¥9.169 ¥7.922 ¥6.728 ¥5.677 ¥5.051 ¥60.513 ¥95.060 
OT .......................................................... ¥7.430 ¥11.633 ¥12.573 ¥12.183 ¥10.473 ¥9.415 ¥8.333 ¥7.403 ¥6.378 ¥5.578 ¥54.292 ¥91.399 
Mandatory: 
BA .......................................................... 9.874 4.881 5.290 5.012 4.928 4.363 3.672 3.115 2.923 2.773 29.985 46.831 
OT .......................................................... ¥3.136 ¥10.115 ¥12.600 ¥14.683 ¥12.026 ¥10.008 ¥12.383 ¥14.117 ¥15.584 ¥16.757 ¥52.560 ¥121.409 
400–Transportation: 
BA .......................................................... 72.055 72.715 73.262 73.696 74.070 74.409 55.154 56.254 56.798 57.1 90 365.798 665.603 
OT .......................................................... 87.153 82.838 79.648 78.845 78.268 77.871 73.378 66.074 62.874 61.7 10 406.752 748.659 
Discretionary: 
BA .......................................................... 30.083 30.772 31.607 32.465 33.352 34.247 35.168 36.106 35.506 36.4 51 158.279 335.757 
OT .......................................................... 86.083 82.021 79.159 78.766 78.603 78.624 74.550 67.646 63.296 62.6 89 404.632 751.437 
Mandatory: 
BA .......................................................... 41.972 41.943 41.655 41.231 40.718 40.162 19.986 20.148 21.292 20.7 39 207.519 329.846 
OT .......................................................... 1.070 0.817 0.489 0.079 ¥0.335 ¥0.753 ¥1.172 ¥1.572 ¥0.422 ¥0.979 2.120 ¥2.778 
450–Community and Regional Develop-
ment: 
BA .......................................................... 15.486 16.344 16.737 16.973 16.984 16.903 9.965 9.947 9.993 10.077 82.524 139.409 
OT .......................................................... 20.692 19.144 19.692 20.450 20.702 20.682 19.034 15.892 13.220 11.5 15 100.680 181.023 
Discretionary: 
BA .......................................................... 15.040 15.316 15.508 15.697 15.900 16.116 9.461 9.683 9.911 10.136 77.461 132.768 
OT .......................................................... 19.627 18.125 18.037 18.487 18.617 18.481 16.680 14.192 12.495 11.0 02 92.893 165.743 
Mandatory: 
BA .......................................................... 0.446 1.028 1.229 1.276 1.084 0.787 0.504 0.264 0.082 ¥0.059 5.063 6.641 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:13 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29AP7.014 H29APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2547 April 29, 2015 
TABLE 6—FY 2016 BUDGET RESOLUTION CONFERENCE AGREEMENT AGGREGATE AND FUNCTION LEVELS—Continued 
[Fiscal year, $ billions] 
Function 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 2025 2016–20 2016–25 
OT .......................................................... 1.065 1.019 1.655 1.963 2.085 2.201 2.354 1.700 0.725 0.513 7.787 1 5.280 
500–Education, Training, Employment: 
BA .......................................................... 83.315 89.084 91.432 90.189 92.597 93.900 95.502 96.984 98.820 100. 785 446.617 932.608 
OT .......................................................... 93.293 92.888 91.193 89.369 91.891 93.562 95.022 96.608 98.336 100. 297 458.634 942.459 
Discretionary: 
BA .......................................................... 89.823 92.951 94.703 96.567 98.546 100.549 102.624 104.620 106.756 108.896 472.590 996.035 
OT .......................................................... 93.797 95.174 93.014 94.795 96.655 98.659 100.670 102.690 104.746 1 06.863 473.435 987.063 
Mandatory: 
BA .......................................................... ¥6.508 ¥3.867 ¥3.271 ¥6.378 ¥5.949 ¥6.649 ¥7.122 ¥7.636 ¥7.936 ¥8.111 ¥25.973 ¥63.427 
OT .......................................................... ¥0.504 ¥2.286 ¥1.821 ¥5.426 ¥4.764 ¥5.097 ¥5.648 ¥6.082 ¥6.410 ¥6.566 ¥14.801 ¥44.604 
550–Health: 
BA .......................................................... 433.064 397.209 387.638 398.203 420.326 426.184 442.681 461.378 476 .599 493.913 2,036.440 4,337.195 
OT .......................................................... 430.917 394.211 397.302 399.888 411.116 426.218 442.701 461.378 476 .631 494.059 2,033.434 4,334.421 
Discretionary: 
BA .......................................................... 57.727 58.919 60.296 61.691 63.146 64.602 66.126 67.651 69.242 70.8 44 301.779 640.244 
OT .......................................................... 58.420 58.957 59.775 60.285 61.571 62.806 64.273 65.771 67.308 68.8 81 299.008 628.047 
Mandatory: 
BA .......................................................... 375.337 338.290 327.342 336.512 357.180 361.582 376.555 393.727 407 .357 423.069 1,734.661 3,696.951 
OT .......................................................... 372.497 335.254 337.527 339.603 349.545 363.412 378.428 395.607 409 .323 425.178 1,734.426 3,706.374 
570–Medicare: 
BA .......................................................... 579.430 571.876 566.754 628.736 667.036 711.198 800.458 812.590 815 .240 923.187 3,013.832 7,076.505 
OT .......................................................... 579.361 571.830 566.656 628.652 666.951 711.111 800.363 812.496 815 .139 923.082 3,013.450 7,075.641 
Discretionary: 
BA .......................................................... 6.535 6.918 7.338 7.792 8.263 8.758 9.285 9.829 10.395 10.983 36.84 6 86.096 
OT .......................................................... 6.492 6.894 7.269 7.719 8.188 8.677 9.198 9.742 10.305 10.887 36.56 2 85.371 
Mandatory: 
BA .......................................................... 572.895 564.958 559.416 620.944 658.773 702.440 791.173 802.761 804 .845 912.204 2,976.986 6,990.409 
OT .......................................................... 572.869 564.936 559.387 620.933 658.763 702.434 791.165 802.754 804 .834 912.195 2,976.888 6,990.270 
600–Income Security: 
BA .......................................................... 523.086 496.233 485.055 476.663 484.015 489.999 498.503 503.364 510 .872 517.417 2,465.052 4,985.207 
OT .......................................................... 523.645 492.511 476.530 471.357 478.199 484.318 497.869 499.521 501 .192 511.441 2,442.242 4,936.583 
Discretionary: 
BA .......................................................... 63.235 61.219 61.398 60.997 62.339 63.675 65.591 66.390 67.163 67.6 55 309.188 639.662 
OT .......................................................... 64.237 62.844 62.101 61.716 62.215 63.189 64.658 65.788 66.695 67.3 05 313.113 640.748 
Mandatory: 
BA .......................................................... 459.851 435.014 423.657 415.666 421.676 426.324 432.912 436.974 443 .709 449.762 2,155.864 4,345.545 
OT .......................................................... 459.408 429.667 414.429 409.641 415.984 421.129 433.211 433.733 434 .497 444.136 2,129.129 4,295.835 
650–Social Security Retirement and Dis-
ability: 
BA .......................................................... 928.939 978.390 1,039.410 1,104.586 1,174.741 1,248.387 1,325.517 1 ,406.861 1,491.896 1,579.505 5,226.066 12,278.232 
OT .......................................................... 924.957 973.310 1,033.990 1,098.755 1,168.609 1,242.055 1,318.684 1 ,399.827 1,484.561 1,571.969 5,199.621 12,216.717 
Discretionary: 
BA .......................................................... 5.009 5.296 5.469 5.645 5.827 6.012 6.205 6.399 6.600 6.805 27.246 59.267 
OT .......................................................... 5.127 5.316 5.449 5.614 5.795 5.980 6.172 6.365 6.565 6.769 27.301 59.152 
Mandatory: 
BA .......................................................... 923.930 973.094 1,033.941 1,098.941 1,168.914 1,242.375 1,319.312 1 ,400.462 1,485.296 1,572.700 5,198.820 12,218.965 
OT .......................................................... 919.830 967.994 1,028.541 1,093.141 1,162.814 1,236.075 1,312.512 1 ,393.462 1,477.996 1,565.200 5,172.320 12,157.565 
650 on-budget: 
BA .......................................................... 33.885 36.535 39.407 42.634 46.104 49.712 53.547 57.455 61.546 65.7 51 198.565 486.576 
OT .......................................................... 33.928 36.563 39.424 42.634 46.104 49.712 53.547 57.455 61.546 65.7 51 198.653 486.664 
Discretionary: 
BA ..................................................... .................... .................... .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ................... . .............................. ..............................
OT ..................................................... 0.043 0.028 0.017 .................... .................... .............. ...... .................... .................... .................... .................... 0.088 0.088 
Mandatory: 
BA ..................................................... 33.885 36.535 39.407 42.634 46.104 49.712 53.547 57.455 61.546 65.751 19 8.565 486.576 
OT ..................................................... 33.885 36.535 39.407 42.634 46.104 49.712 53.547 57.455 61.546 65.751 19 8.565 486.576 
700–Veterans Benefits and Services: 
BA .......................................................... 166.261 164.546 162.740 174.599 179.485 183.721 196.041 192.637 189 .442 203.290 847.631 1,812.762 
OT .......................................................... 171.862 168.559 162.753 173.869 178.581 182.821 195.056 191.640 188 .356 202.189 855.624 1,815.686 
Discretionary: 
BA .......................................................... 68.575 70.512 72.705 74.963 77.290 79.647 82.102 84.593 87.145 89.7 67 364.045 787.299 
OT .......................................................... 68.327 69.849 72.081 74.168 76.442 78.811 81.246 83.689 86.234 88.8 08 360.867 779.655 
Mandatory: 
BA .......................................................... 97.686 94.034 90.035 99.636 102.195 104.074 113.939 108.044 102.297  113.523 483.586 1,025.463 
OT .......................................................... 103.535 98.710 90.672 99.701 102.139 104.010 113.810 107.951 102.12 2 113.381 494.757 1,036.031 
750–Administration of Justice: 
BA .......................................................... 50.976 57.639 55.885 57.582 59.324 61.247 63.791 65.688 67.626 69.4 25 281.406 609.183 
OT .......................................................... 56.455 56.693 54.562 56.699 61.755 62.635 63.748 65.589 67.266 68.8 92 286.164 614.294 
Discretionary: 
BA .......................................................... 51.172 53.352 55.105 56.918 58.784 60.676 62.647 64.646 66.694 68.6 07 275.331 598.601 
OT .......................................................... 51.981 53.328 54.891 56.622 58.312 60.207 62.163 64.153 66.188 68.0 81 275.134 595.926 
Mandatory: 
BA .......................................................... ¥0.196 4.287 0.780 0.664 0.540 0.571 1.144 1.042 0.932 0.818 6.075 10.582 
OT .......................................................... 4.474 3.365 ¥0.329 0.077 3.443 2.428 1.585 1.436 1.078 0.811 11.030 18.368 
800–General Government: 
BA .......................................................... 23.151 23.194 23.426 24.000 24.703 25.202 25.962 26.698 27.130 27.8 81 118.474 251.347 
OT .......................................................... 22.981 23.289 23.371 23.685 24.290 24.878 25.562 26.272 26.766 27.4 35 117.616 248.529 
Discretionary: 
BA .......................................................... 16.958 16.932 17.217 17.703 18.337 18.738 19.417 20.105 20.710 21.4 13 87.147 187.530 
OT .......................................................... 16.970 17.069 17.307 17.494 18.029 18.497 19.077 19.723 20.353 21.0 25 86.869 185.544 
Mandatory: 
BA .......................................................... 6.193 6.262 6.209 6.297 6.366 6.464 6.545 6.593 6.420 6.468 31.327 63.817 
OT .......................................................... 6.011 6.220 6.064 6.191 6.261 6.381 6.485 6.549 6.413 6.410 30.747 62.985 
900–Net Interest: 
BA .......................................................... 275.302 324.912 387.001 438.431 483.884 515.508 547.736 575.992 597 .779 610.540 1,909.530 4,757.085 
OT .......................................................... 275.302 324.912 387.001 438.431 483.884 515.508 547.736 575.992 597 .779 610.540 1,909.530 4,757.085 
Discretionary: 
BA .......................................................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .............. ...... .............................. ..............................
OT .......................................................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .............. ...... .............................. ..............................
Mandatory: 
BA .......................................................... 275.302 324.912 387.001 438.431 483.884 515.508 547.736 575.992 597 .779 610.540 1,909.530 4,757.085 
OT .......................................................... 275.302 324.912 387.001 438.431 483.884 515.508 547.736 575.992 597 .779 610.540 1,909.530 4,757.085 
900 on-budget: 
BA .......................................................... 367.542 416.418 479.446 533.121 579.344 611.558 642.888 669.066 687 .195 694.215 2,375.871 5,680.793 
OT .......................................................... 367.542 416.418 479.446 533.121 579.344 611.558 642.888 669.066 687 .195 694.215 2,375.871 5,680.793 
Discretionary: 
BA ..................................................... .................... .................... .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ................... . .............................. ..............................
OT ..................................................... .................... .................... .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ................... . .............................. ..............................
Mandatory: 
BA ..................................................... 367.542 416.418 479.446 533.121 579.344 611.558 642.888 669.066 687.195 694.215 2,375.871 5,680.793 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:13 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29AP7.015 H29APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2548 April 29, 2015 
OT ..................................................... 367.542 416.418 479.446 533.121 579.344 611.558 642.888 669.066 687.195 694.215 2,375.871 5,680.793 
920–Allowances: 
BA .......................................................... 25.256 ¥21.661 ¥50.890 ¥60.624 ¥72.620 ¥104.010 ¥119.157 ¥131.418 ¥168.306 ¥204.728 ¥180.539 ¥908.158 
OT .......................................................... 45.538 ¥5.856 ¥40.133 ¥53.987 ¥65.480 ¥98.128 ¥111.033 ¥122.924 ¥160.427 ¥186.150 ¥119.918 ¥798.580 
Discretionary: 
BA .......................................................... ¥5.395 ¥29.258 ¥40.330 ¥45.080 ¥53.213 ¥60.121 ¥71.330 ¥81.369 ¥89.614 ¥99.341 ¥173.276 ¥575.051 
OT .......................................................... 14.887 ¥17.027 ¥30.665 ¥38.828 ¥46.562 ¥54.135 ¥63.349 ¥73.092 ¥81.982 ¥91.116 ¥118.195 ¥481.869 
Mandatory: 
BA .......................................................... 30.651 7.597 ¥10.560 ¥15.544 ¥19.407 ¥43.889 ¥47.827 ¥50.049 ¥78.692 ¥105.387 ¥7.263 ¥333.107 
OT .......................................................... 30.651 11.171 ¥9.468 ¥15.159 ¥18.918 ¥43.993 ¥47.684 ¥49.832 ¥78.445 ¥95.034 ¥1.723 ¥316.711 
950–Undistributed Offsetting Receipts: 
BA .......................................................... ¥99.168 ¥113.627 ¥121.235 ¥120.230 ¥120.280 ¥124.851 ¥132.974 ¥141.599 ¥152.306 ¥166.153 ¥574.540 ¥1,292.423 
OT .......................................................... ¥99.168 ¥113.627 ¥121.235 ¥120.230 ¥120.280 ¥124.851 ¥132.974 ¥141.599 ¥152.306 ¥166.153 ¥574.540 ¥1,292.423 
Discretionary: 
BA .......................................................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .............. ...... .............................. ..............................
OT .......................................................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .............. ...... .............................. ..............................
Mandatory: 
BA .......................................................... ¥99.168 ¥113.627 ¥121.235 ¥120.230 ¥120.280 ¥124.851 ¥132.974 ¥141.599 ¥152.306 ¥166.153 ¥574.540 ¥1,292.423 
OT .......................................................... ¥99.168 ¥113.627 ¥121.235 ¥120.230 ¥120.280 ¥124.851 ¥132.974 ¥141.599 ¥152.306 ¥166.153 ¥574.540 ¥1,292.423 
950 on-budget: 
BA .......................................................... ¥82.548 ¥96.446 ¥103.441 ¥101.796 ¥101.191 ¥105.094 ¥112.536 ¥120.466 ¥130.467 ¥143.591 ¥485.422 ¥1,097.576 
OT .......................................................... ¥82.548 ¥96.446 ¥103.441 ¥101.796 ¥101.191 ¥105.094 ¥112.536 ¥120.466 ¥130.467 ¥143.591 ¥485.422 ¥1,097.576 
Discretionary: 
BA ..................................................... .................... .................... .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ................... . .............................. ..............................
OT ..................................................... .................... .................... .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ................... . .............................. ..............................
Mandatory: 
BA ..................................................... ¥82.548 ¥96.446 ¥103.441 ¥101.796 ¥101.191 ¥105.094 ¥112.536 ¥120.466 ¥130.467 ¥143.591 ¥485.422 ¥1,097.576 
OT ..................................................... ¥82.548 ¥96.446 ¥103.441 ¥101.796 ¥101.191 ¥105.094 ¥112.536 ¥120.466 ¥130.467 ¥143.591 ¥485.422 ¥1,097.576 
970–Overseas Contingency Operations/ 
Global War on Terrorism: 
BA .......................................................... 96.287 64.598 62.593 57.586 49.578 47.569 .................... ..... ............... .................... .................... 330.642 378.211 
OT .......................................................... 48.798 65.684 63.758 60.653 54.095 50.191 19.493 7.554 2.683 0.892 292.988 373.801 
Discretionary: 
BA .......................................................... 96.287 64.598 62.593 57.586 49.578 47.569 .................... ..... ............... .................... .................... 330.642 378.211 
OT .......................................................... 48.798 65.684 63.758 60.653 54.095 50.191 19.493 7.554 2.683 0.892 292.988 373.801 
Mandatory: 
BA .......................................................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .............. ...... .............................. ..............................
OT .......................................................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .............. ...... .............................. ..............................
Total: 
BA .......................................................... 3,822.396 3,787.432 3,858.052 4,053.256 4,245.074 4,393.404 4,573.1 00 4,716.054 4,819.487 5,037.868 19,766.210 43,306.123 
OT .......................................................... 3,870.597 3,807.959 3,845.860 4,026.756 4,210.237 4,364.602 4,580.9 19 4,695.216 4,774.454 5,006.223 19,761.409 43,182.823 
Discretionary: 
BA .......................................................... 1,119.741 1,084.839 1,096.778 1,113.170 1,127.718 1,147.975 1,132.1 42 1,150.849 1,170.057 1,188.763 5,542.246 11,332.032 
OT .......................................................... 1,205.786 1,166.970 1,148.023 1,157.158 1,167.439 1,181.849 1,180.5 54 1,176.206 1,179.911 1,199.760 5,845.376 11,763.656 
Mandatory: 
BA .......................................................... 2,702.655 2,702.593 2,761.274 2,940.086 3,117.356 3,245.429 3,440.9 58 3,565.205 3,649.430 3,849.105 14,223.964 31,974.091 
OT .......................................................... 2,664.811 2,640.989 2,697.837 2,869.598 3,042.798 3,182.753 3,400.3 65 3,519.010 3,594.543 3,806.463 13,916.033 31,419.167 
Total on-budget: 
BA .......................................................... 3,039.215 2,956.581 2,970.682 3,107.123 3,234.011 3,313.719 3,420.0 57 3,484.446 3,504.239 3,634.452 15,307.612 32,664.525 
OT .......................................................... 3,091.442 2,982.215 2,963.926 3,086.454 3,205.304 3,291.249 3,434.7 09 3,470.642 3,466.541 3,610.342 15,329.341 32,602.824 
Discretionary: 
BA .......................................................... 1,114.466 1,079.266 1,091.021 1,107.226 1,121.581 1,141.642 1,125.6 03 1,144.104 1,163.099 1,181.587 5,513.560 11,269.595 
OT .......................................................... 1,200.437 1,161.405 1,142.303 1,151.246 1,161.334 1,175.549 1,174.0 49 1,169.496 1,172.989 1,192.621 5,816.725 11,701.429 
Mandatory: 
BA .......................................................... 1,924.749 1,877.315 1,879.661 1,999.897 2,112.430 2,172.077 2,294.4 54 2,340.342 2,341.140 2,452.865 9,794.052 21,394.930 
OT .......................................................... 1,891.005 1,820.810 1,821.623 1,935.208 2,043.970 2,115.700 2,260.6 60 2,301.146 2,293.552 2,417.721 9,512.616 20,901.395 
Revenues ........................................................ 3,470.720 3,602.254 3,729.105 3,874.731 4,034.524 4,211.287 4,3 95.193 4,596.085 4,806.181 5,030.409 18,711.334 41,750.489 
Revenues on-budget ..................................... 2,676.733 2,776.156 2,870.206 2,982.310 3,107.111 3,247.391 3,392.968 3,554.412 3,723.973 3,906.111 14,412.516 32,237.371 
Surplus/Deficit ( ¥) ....................................... ¥399.877 ¥205.705 ¥116.755 ¥152.025 ¥175.713 ¥153.315 ¥185.726 ¥99.131 31.727 24.186 ¥1,050.075 ¥1,432.334 
On-budget .................................................. ¥414.709 ¥206.059 ¥93.720 ¥104.144 ¥98.193 ¥43.858 ¥41.741 83.770 257.432 295.769 ¥916.825 ¥365.453 
Off-budget ................................................. 14.832 0.354 ¥23.035 ¥47.881 ¥77.520 ¥109.457 ¥143.985 ¥182.901 ¥225.705 ¥271.583 ¥133.250 ¥1,066.881 
TABLE 7—FY 2016 BUDGET RESOLUTION AS PASSED BY THE SENATE 
[Fiscal year, $ billions] 
Function 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 2025 2016–20 2016–25 
050–National Defense: 
BA ............................................... 593.277 620.263 544.506 557.744 571.019 585.310 599.627 600.634 615.997 631.77 1 648.836 2,878.842 5,975.707 
OT ................................................ 590.190 605.189 576.934 558.049 564.685 573.614 586.038 596.103 603.051 611.9 20 632.992 2,878.471 5,908.575 
Discretionary: 
BA ........................................... 585.833 612.020 536.067 549.071 562.079 576.087 590.096 590.848 605.970 621.469 63 7.356 2,835.324 5,881.063 
OT ........................................... 582.690 596.886 568.349 549.213 555.646 564.355 576.503 586.322 593.026 601.623 62 1.580 2,834.449 5,813.503 
Mandatory: 
BA ........................................... 7.444 8.243 8.439 8.673 8.940 9.223 9.531 9.786 10.027 10.302 11.480 43.518 94.644  
OT ........................................... 7.500 8.303 8.585 8.836 9.039 9.259 9.535 9.781 10.025 10.297 11.412 44.022 95.072  
150–International Affairs: 
BA ............................................... 53.012 47.791 41.839 42.802 43.749 44.754 45.276 46.553 47.593 48.681 49.786 2 20.935 458.824 
OT ................................................ 48.796 48.227 45.656 43.642 42.565 42.437 42.795 43.424 44.153 45.023 45.943 222.527 443.865 
Discretionary: 
BA ........................................... 53.905 48.342 41.853 42.761 43.678 44.650 45.625 46.653 47.678 48.753 49.846 221.2 84 459.839 
OT ........................................... 50.378 49.522 47.046 45.407 44.430 44.355 44.703 45.134 45.897 46.804 47.763 230.7 60 461.061 
Mandatory: 
BA ........................................... ¥0.893 ¥0.551 ¥0.014 0.041 0.071 0.104 ¥0.349 ¥0.100 ¥0.085 ¥0.072 ¥0.060 ¥0.349 ¥1.015 
OT ........................................... ¥1.582 ¥1.295 ¥1.390 ¥1.765 ¥1.865 ¥1.918 ¥1.908 ¥1.710 ¥1.744 ¥1.781 ¥1.820 ¥8.233 ¥17.196 
250–General Science, Space and 
Technology: 
BA ............................................... 29.803 30.007 30.596 31.286 31.981 32.706 33.433 34.192 34.953 35.745 36.545 1 56.576 331.444 
OT ................................................ 29.286 30.007 30.529 31.165 31.712 32.400 33.022 33.756 34.512 35.290 36.084 155.813 328.477 
Discretionary: 
BA ........................................... 29.704 29.900 30.496 31.186 31.881 32.606 33.333 34.092 34.853 35.645 36.445 156.0 69 330.437 
OT ........................................... 29.187 29.902 30.427 31.065 31.612 32.300 32.922 33.656 34.412 35.190 35.984 155.3 06 327.470 
Mandatory: 
BA ........................................... 0.099 0.107 0.100 0.100 0.100 0.100 0.100 0.100 0.100 0.100 0.100 0.507 1.007 OT ........................................... 0.099 0.105 0.102 0.100 0.100 0.100 0.100 0.100 0.100 0.100 0.100 0.507 1.007 
270–Energy: 
BA ............................................... 5.369 ¥1.947 2.483 0.076 0.090 0.128 0.097 0.062 0.036 2.869 2.963 0.830 6.857 
OT ................................................ 5.417 2.365 2.112 ¥0.731 ¥0.753 ¥0.668 ¥0.543 ¥
0.465 ¥0.393 2.521 2.655 2.325 6.100 
Discretionary: 
BA ........................................... 4.623 3.123 3.200 3.281 3.360 3.459 3.543 3.628 3.716 3.805 3.892 16.423 35.007 OT ........................................... 5.439 4.151 3.761 3.494 3.462 3.518 3.556 3.649 3.737 3.825 3.917 18.386 37.070 
Mandatory: 
BA ........................................... 0.746 ¥5.070 ¥0.717 ¥3.205 ¥3.270 ¥3.331 ¥3.446 ¥3.566 ¥3.680 ¥0.936 ¥0.929 ¥15.593 ¥28.150 
OT ........................................... ¥0.022 ¥1.786 ¥1.649 ¥4.225 ¥4.215 ¥4.186 ¥4.099 ¥4.114 ¥4.130 ¥1.304 ¥1.262 ¥16.061 ¥30.970 
300–Natural Resources and Envi-
ronment: 
BA ............................................... 36.003 36.277 36.685 37.680 39.125 41.066 40.951 41.844 43.240 44.125 45.522 1 90.833 406.515 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:13 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29AP7.015 H29APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2549 April 29, 2015 
TABLE 7—FY 2016 BUDGET RESOLUTION AS PASSED BY THE SENATE—Continued 
[Fiscal year, $ billions] 
Function 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 2025 2016–20 2016–25 
OT ................................................ 39.286 38.983 38.866 38.719 39.486 41.098 41.232 41.992 43.467 43.663 44.966 197.152 412.472 
Discretionary: 
BA ........................................... 34.413 34.513 35.402 36.433 37.505 38.583 39.683 40.852 41.995 43.191 44.427 182.4 36 392.584 
OT ........................................... 37.230 37.203 37.209 37.226 37.829 38.838 39.874 41.004 42.098 42.678 43.856 188.3 05 397.815 
Mandatory: 
BA ........................................... 1.590 1.764 1.283 1.247 1.620 2.483 1.268 0.992 1.245 0.934 1.095 8.397 13.931 OT ........................................... 2.056 1.780 1.657 1.493 1.657 2.260 1.358 0.988 1.369 0.985 1.110 8.847 14.657 
350–Agriculture: 
BA ............................................... 17.328 20.628 24.247 23.204 22.083 20.974 21.078 20.914 21.506 21.620 21.834 1 11.136 218.088 
OT ................................................ 16.587 20.585 23.696 22.471 21.401 20.498 20.613 20.476 21.051 21.125 21.416 108.651 213.332 
Discretionary: 
BA ........................................... 5.923 5.922 6.075 6.252 6.433 6.617 6.801 6.998 7.191 7.398 7.608 31.299 67.295 OT ........................................... 5.835 5.902 6.027 6.178 6.346 6.528 6.709 6.904 7.095 7.296 7.505 30.981 66.490 
Mandatory: 
BA ........................................... 11.405 14.706 18.172 16.952 15.650 14.357 14.277 13.916 14.315 14.222 14.226 79.83 7 150.793 
OT ........................................... 10.752 14.683 17.669 16.293 15.055 13.970 13.904 13.572 13.956 13.829 13.911 77.67 0 146.842 
370–Commerce and Housing 
Credit: 
BA ............................................... ¥18.404 1.948 ¥4.376 ¥1.858 ¥2.211 ¥1.170 ¥1.508 ¥0.296 0.511 1.401 1.969 ¥7.667 ¥5.590 
OT ................................................ ¥31.249 ¥11.678 ¥18.718 ¥16.688 ¥22.065 ¥21.790 ¥16.821 ¥17.426 ¥17.883 ¥18.298 ¥18.561 ¥90.939 ¥179.928 
Discretionary: 
BA ........................................... ¥3.508 ¥8.065 ¥10.512 ¥10.300 ¥9.018 ¥6.716 ¥5.647 ¥4.314 ¥3.056 ¥1.942 ¥1.252 ¥44.611 ¥60.822 
OT ........................................... ¥3.493 ¥
7.943 ¥10.391 ¥10.273 ¥9.117 ¥6.832 ¥5.768 ¥4.439 ¥3.182 ¥2.075 ¥1.384 ¥44.556 ¥61.404 
Mandatory: 
BA ........................................... ¥14.896 10.013 6.136 8.442 6.807 5.546 4.139 4.018 3.567 3.343 3.221 36.944 55.232 
OT ........................................... ¥27.756 ¥3.735 ¥8.327 ¥6.415 ¥12.948 ¥14.958 ¥11.053 ¥12.987 ¥14.701 ¥16.223 ¥17.177 ¥46.383 ¥118.524 
370 on-budget: 
BA ............................................... ¥16.682 2.260 ¥3.959 ¥1.264 ¥1.316 0.055 ¥0.075 1.341 2.452 3.648 4.520 ¥4.224 7.662 
OT ................................................ ¥29.527 ¥11.365 ¥18.302 ¥16.095 ¥21.170 ¥20.567 ¥15.388 ¥15.789 ¥15.942 ¥16.051 ¥16.011 ¥87.499 ¥166.680 
Discretionary: 
BA ........................................... ¥3.767 ¥8.332 ¥10.789 ¥10.588 ¥9.317 ¥7.026 ¥5.968 ¥4.648 ¥3.402 ¥2.300 ¥1.623 ¥46.052 ¥63.993 
OT ........................................... ¥3.752 ¥8.209 ¥10.668 ¥10.561 ¥9.415 ¥7.142 ¥6.088 ¥4.772 ¥3.527 ¥2.432 ¥1.754 ¥45.995 ¥64.568 
Mandatory: 
BA ........................................... ¥12.915 10.592 6.830 9.324 8.001 7.081 5.893 5.989 5.854 5.948 6.143 41.828 71.655 
OT ........................................... ¥25.775 ¥3.156 ¥7.634 ¥5.534 ¥11.755 ¥13.425 ¥9.300 ¥11.017 ¥12.415 ¥13.619 ¥14.257 ¥41.504 ¥102.112 
400–Transportation: 
BA ............................................... 85.889 71.528 72.392 73.286 74.077 74.826 75.549 76.221 76.840 77.506 78.208 3 66.109 750.433 
OT ................................................ 91.361 88.436 83.756 80.329 79.437 78.935 78.708 78.973 79.228 79.123 79.426 410.893 806.351 
Discretionary: 
BA ........................................... 31.428 29.118 29.744 30.558 31.396 32.261 33.134 34.033 34.948 34.324 35.246 153.0 77 324.762 
OT ........................................... 90.181 87.205 82.496 79.055 78.178 77.686 77.469 77.735 77.973 76.290 76.533 404.6 20 790.620 
Mandatory: 
BA ........................................... 54.461 42.410 42.648 42.728 42.681 42.565 42.415 42.188 41.892 43.182 42.962 213.0 32 425.671 
OT ........................................... 1.180 1.231 1.260 1.274 1.259 1.249 1.239 1.238 1.255 2.833 2.893 6.273 15.731 
450–Community and Regional De-
velopment: 
BA ............................................... 17.051 17.414 18.263 18.606 18.862 18.870 18.771 18.782 18.861 18.975 19.140 9 2.015 186.544 
OT ................................................ 21.741 22.351 21.002 21.457 22.314 22.547 22.474 21.323 19.747 19.313 19.384 109.671 211.912 
Discretionary: 
BA ........................................... 16.766 16.250 16.715 16.946 17.174 17.420 17.678 17.939 18.205 18.479 18.750 84.50 5 175.556 
OT ........................................... 21.812 20.956 19.622 19.331 19.852 19.980 19.974 18.566 17.964 18.225 18.501 99.74 1 192.971 
Mandatory: 
BA ........................................... 0.285 1.164 1.548 1.660 1.688 1.450 1.093 0.843 0.656 0.496 0.390 7.510 10.988 OT ........................................... ¥0.071 1.395 1.380 2.126 2.462 2.567 2.500 2.757 1.783 1.088 0.883 9.930 18.941 
500–Education, Training, Employ-
ment: 
BA ............................................... 91.688 86.251 87.848 90.703 89.535 91.991 93.353 94.970 96.575 98.439 100.362 446.328 930.027 
OT ................................................ 97.522 95.717 92.889 90.534 88.889 91.556 93.315 94.734 96.383 98.178 100.129  459.585 942.324 
Discretionary: 
BA ........................................... 91.783 91.399 93.004 94.915 96.838 98.851 100.872 102.975 105.077 107.271 109.472 475.007 1,000.674 
OT ........................................... 89.553 94.971 95.932 93.394 95.162 97.067 99.030 101.033 103.113 105.235 107.414 4 76.526 992.351 
Mandatory: 
BA ........................................... ¥0.095 ¥5.148 ¥5.156 ¥4.212 ¥7.303 ¥6.860 ¥7.519 ¥8.005 ¥8.502 ¥8.832 ¥9.110 ¥28.679 ¥70.647 
OT ........................................... 7.969 0.746 ¥3.043 ¥2.860 ¥6.273 ¥5.511 ¥5.715 ¥6.299 ¥6.730 ¥7.057 ¥7.285 ¥16.941 ¥50.027 
550–Health: 
BA ............................................... 483.912 414.351 385.565 388.629 402.511 425.526 433.351 452.426 471.644 489.49 1 512.965 2,016.582 4,376.459 
OT ................................................ 476.985 424.736 389.710 390.503 403.324 415.791 433.395 452.523 471.719 489.5 87 513.163 2,024.064 4,384.451 
Discretionary: 
BA ........................................... 59.474 57.751 58.920 60.297 61.690 63.145 64.602 66.127 67.650 69.241 70.842 301.8 03 640.265 
OT ........................................... 57.073 58.434 58.958 59.792 60.302 61.592 62.827 64.296 65.794 67.331 68.903 299.0 78 628.229 
Mandatory: 
BA ........................................... 424.438 356.600 326.645 328.332 340.821 362.381 368.749 386.299 403.994 420.250 44 2.123 1,714.779 3,736.194 
OT ........................................... 419.912 366.302 330.752 330.711 343.022 354.199 370.568 388.227 405.925 422.256 44 4.260 1,724.986 3,756.222 
570–Medicare: 
BA ............................................... 529.733 567.213 562.941 562.143 619.228 657.658 698.284 776.034 787.879 797.07 5 902.467 2,969.183 6,930.922 
OT ................................................ 529.281 567.122 562.881 562.102 619.148 657.564 698.188 775.930 787.681 796.9 64 902.349 2,968.817 6,929.929 
Discretionary: 
BA ........................................... 6.618 6.605 6.994 7.424 7.888 8.368 8.875 9.412 9.967 10.547 11.145 37.279 87.225 OT ........................................... 6.506 6.556 6.969 7.356 7.814 8.291 8.794 9.326 9.878 10.456 11.047 36.986 86.487 
Mandatory: 
BA ........................................... 523.115 560.608 555.947 554.719 611.340 649.290 689.409 766.622 777.912 786.528 89 1.322 2,931.904 6,843.697 
OT ........................................... 522.775 560.566 555.912 554.746 611.334 649.273 689.394 766.604 777.803 786.508 89 1.302 2,931.831 6,843.442 
600–Income Security: 
BA ............................................... 517.037 529.494 458.455 466.015 460.943 471.826 481.804 493.877 502.550 512.93 2 521.641 2,386.733 4,899.537 
OT ................................................ 512.945 528.778 455.293 458.848 457.388 467.468 477.132 493.223 498.468 504.3
10 517.044 2,367.775 4,857.952 
Discretionary: 
BA ........................................... 64.786 65.057 60.403 59.887 58.087 59.130 60.255 62.519 62.539 62.520 62.051 302.5 64 612.448 
OT ........................................... 65.111 65.371 61.746 61.803 60.204 59.861 60.057 61.269 62.579 63.463 63.242 308.9 85 619.595 
Mandatory: 
BA ........................................... 452.251 464.437 398.052 406.128 402.856 412.696 421.549 431.358 440.011 450.412 45 9.590 2,084.169 4,287.089 
OT ........................................... 447.834 463.407 393.547 397.045 397.184 407.607 417.075 431.954 435.889 440.847 45 3.802 2,058.790 4,238.357 
650–Social Security: 
BA ............................................... 891.618 929.956 981.220 1042.467 1107.220 1176.924 1249.477 1325.445 1405.708 1489.969 1577.505 5,237.787 12,285.891 
OT ................................................ 888.420 925.860 976.135 1037.038 1101.489 1170.893 1243.245 1318.712 1398.674  1482.735 1570.570 5,211.415 12,225.351 
Discretionary: 
BA ........................................... 5.555 5.026 5.175 5.345 5.518 5.699 5.881 6.072 6.266 6.462 6.665 26.763 58.109 OT ........................................... 5.557 5.130 5.190 5.316 5.487 5.668 5.849 6.039 6.232 6.428 6.630 26.791 57.969 
Mandatory: 
BA ........................................... 886.063 924.930 976.045 1037.122 1101.702 1171.225 1243.596 1319.373 1399.442 1483 .507 1570.840 5,211.024 12,227.782 
OT ........................................... 882.863 920.730 970.945 1031.722 1096.002 1165.225 1237.396 1312.673 1392.442 1476 .307 1563.940 5,184.624 12,167.382 
650 on-budget: 
BA ............................................... 31.554 33.878 36.535 39.407 42.634 46.104 49.712 53.547 57.455 61.546 65.751 1 98.558 486.569 
OT ................................................ 31.662 33.919 36.535 39.407 42.634 46.104 49.712 53.547 57.455 61.546 65.751 198.599 486.610 
Discretionary: 
BA ........................................... 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 OT ........................................... 0.108 0.041 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.041 0.041 
Mandatory: 
BA ........................................... 31.554 33.878 36.535 39.407 42.634 46.104 49.712 53.547 57.455 61.546 65.751 198.5 58 486.569 
OT ........................................... 31.554 33.878 36.535 39.407 42.634 46.104 49.712 53.547 57.455 61.546 65.751 198.5 58 486.569 
700–Veterans Benefits and Ser-
vices: 
BA ............................................... 153.408 166.708 164.905 163.101 174.989 179.899 184.172 196.530 193.156 189.99 9 203.895 849.602 1,817.354 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:13 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29AP7.016 H29APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2550 April 29, 2015 
TABLE 7—FY 2016 BUDGET RESOLUTION AS PASSED BY THE SENATE—Continued 
[Fiscal year, $ billions] 
Function 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 2025 2016–20 2016–25 
OT ................................................ 162.804 170.152 164.449 162.477 174.175 178.942 183.222 195.502 192.124 188.8 84 202.761 850.195 1,812.688 
Discretionary: 
BA ........................................... 65.346 68.602 70.540 72.735 74.992 77.320 79.678 82.135 84.626 87.179 89.826 364.1 89 787.633 
OT ........................................... 64.235 68.316 69.857 72.097 74.198 76.474 78.841 81.279 83.723 86.267 88.853 360.9 42 779.905 
Mandatory: 
BA ........................................... 88.062 98.106 94.365 90.366 99.997 102.579 104.494 114.395 108.530 102.820 114.069  485.413 1,029.721 
OT ........................................... 98.569 101.836 94.592 90.380 99.977 102.468 104.381 114.223 108.401 102.617 113.90 8 489.253 1,032.783 
750–Administration of Justice: 
BA ............................................... 54.819 52.543 57.030 56.787 58.512 60.284 62.239 64.815 66.745 68.717 70.550 2 85.156 618.222 
OT ................................................ 55.088 56.757 58.576 57.929 57.973 59.888 61.690 64.224 66.238 68.091 69.922 291.123 621.288 
Discretionary: 
BA ........................................... 51.027 51.326 54.142 55.914 57.747 59.633 61.546 63.539 65.560 67.630 69.566 278.7 62 606.603 
OT ........................................... 50.542 51.999 53.623 55.353 57.179 58.946 61.010 62.988 64.995 67.050 68.999 277.1 00 602.142 
Mandatory: 
BA ........................................... 3.792 1.217 2.888 0.873 0.765 0.651 0.693 1.276 1.185 1.087 0.984 6.394 11.619 OT ........................................... 4.546 4.758 4.953 2.576 0.794 0.942 0.680 1.236 1.243 1.041 0.923 14.023 19.146 
800–General Government: 
BA ............................................... 23.264 23.755 24.046 24.755 25.485 26.202 26.958 27.766 28.493 29.022 29.809 1 24.243 266.291 
OT ................................................ 23.510 23.708 23.958 24.573 25.089 25.782 26.551 27.375 28.114 28.671 29.399 123.110 263.220 
Discretionary: 
BA ........................................... 16.462 17.192 17.730 18.341 18.974 19.618 20.274 20.961 21.655 22.367 23.101 91.85 5 200.213 
OT ........................................... 16.784 17.149 17.651 18.210 18.580 19.200 19.847 20.522 21.205 21.903 22.629 90.79 0 196.896 
Mandatory: 
BA ........................................... 6.802 6.563 6.316 6.414 6.511 6.584 6.684 6.805 6.838 6.655 6.708 32.388 66.078 OT ........................................... 6.726 6.559 6.307 6.363 6.509 6.582 6.704 6.853 6.909 6.768 6.770 32.320 66.324 
900–Net Interest: 
BA ............................................... 226.651 274.379 323.732 386.693 438.770 486.122 520.025 552.341 580.201 603.68 7 622.119 1,909.696 4,788.069 
OT ................................................ 226.651 274.379 323.732 386.693 438.770 486.122 520.025 552.341 580.201 603.6 87 622.119 1,909.696 4,788.069 
Discretionary: 
BA ........................................... 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 OT ........................................... 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 
Mandatory: 
BA ........................................... 226.651 274.379 323.732 386.693 438.770 486.122 520.025 552.341 580.201 603.687 62 2.119 1,909.696 4,788.069 
OT ........................................... 226.651 274.379 323.732 386.693 438.770 486.122 520.025 552.341 580.201 603.687 62 2.119 1,909.696 4,788.069 
900 on-budget: 
BA ............................................... 323.951 366.579 415.132 478.693 532.670 580.522 614.725 645.841 671.301 690.98 7 703.419 2,373.596 5,699.869 
OT ................................................ 323.951 366.579 415.132 478.693 532.670 580.522 614.725 645.841 671.301 690.9 87 703.419 2,373.596 5,699.869 
Discretionary: 
BA ........................................... 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 OT ........................................... 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 
Mandatory: 
BA ........................................... 323.951 366.579 415.132 478.693 532.670 580.522 614.725 645.841 671.301 690.987 70 3.419 2,373.596 5,699.869 
OT ........................................... 323.951 366.579 415.132 478.693 532.670 580.522 614.725 645.841 671.301 690.987 70 3.419 2,373.596 5,699.869 
920–Allowances: 
BA ............................................... ¥0.021 ¥12.322 12.975 ¥10.750 ¥15.199 ¥46.590 ¥54.803 ¥98.454 ¥112.036 ¥90.119 ¥250.580 ¥71.886 ¥677.878 
OT ................................................ ¥0.011 ¥5.571 2.923 ¥14.755 ¥16.838 ¥44.799 ¥51.787 ¥80.798 
¥101.438 ¥83.225 ¥234.419 ¥79.040 ¥630.707 
Discretionary: 
BA ........................................... ¥0.021 ¥15.155 8.461 5.677 4.428 ¥1.149 ¥6.600 ¥45.393 ¥55.229 ¥63.761 ¥72.999 2.262 ¥241.720 
OT ........................................... ¥0.011 ¥11.461 ¥3.112 1.097 2.626 0.429 ¥3.224 ¥27.583 ¥44.414 ¥56.657 ¥66.541 ¥10.421 ¥208.840 
Mandatory: 
BA ........................................... 0.000 2.833 4.514 ¥16.427 ¥19.627 ¥45.441 ¥48.203 ¥53.061 ¥56.807 ¥26.358 ¥177.581 ¥74.148 ¥436.158 
OT ........................................... 0.000 5.890 6.035 ¥15.852 ¥19.464 ¥45.228 ¥48.563 ¥53.215 ¥57.024 ¥26.568 ¥167.878 ¥68.619 ¥421.867 
950–Undistributed Offsetting Re-
ceipts: BA ............................................... ¥128.564 ¥86.017 ¥
95.444 ¥102.025 ¥101.613 ¥102.666 ¥106.530 ¥112.775 ¥120.779 ¥130.843 ¥143.932 ¥487.765 ¥1,102.624 
OT ................................................ ¥128.564 ¥86.028 ¥95.459 ¥102.044 ¥101.634 ¥102.689 ¥106.555 ¥112.800 ¥120.805 ¥130.869 ¥143.959 ¥487.854 ¥1,102.842 
Discretionary: 
BA ........................................... 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 OT ........................................... 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 
Mandatory: 
BA ........................................... ¥128.564 ¥86.017 ¥95.444 ¥102.025 ¥101.613 ¥102.666 ¥106.530 ¥112.775 ¥120.779 ¥130.843 ¥143.932 ¥487.765 ¥1,102.624 
OT ........................................... ¥128.564 ¥86.028 ¥95.459 ¥102.044 ¥101.634 ¥102.689 ¥106.555 ¥112.800 ¥120.805 ¥130.869 ¥143.959 
¥487.854 ¥1,102.842 
950 on-budget: 
BA ............................................... ¥112.410 ¥69.397 ¥78.263 ¥84.231 ¥83.179 ¥83.577 ¥86.773 ¥92.337 ¥99.646 ¥109.004 ¥121.370 ¥398.647 ¥907.777 
OT ................................................ ¥112.410 ¥69.408 ¥78.278 ¥84.250 ¥83.200 ¥83.600 ¥86.798 ¥92.362 ¥99.672 ¥109.030 ¥121.397 ¥398.736 ¥907.995 
Discretionary: 
BA ........................................... 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 OT ........................................... 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 
Mandatory: 
BA ........................................... ¥112.410 ¥69.397 ¥78.263 ¥84.231 ¥83.179 ¥83.577 ¥86.773 ¥92.337 ¥99.646 ¥109.004 ¥121.370 ¥398.647 ¥907.777 
OT ........................................... ¥112.410 ¥69.408 ¥78.278 ¥84.250 ¥83.200 ¥
83.600 ¥86.798 ¥92.362 ¥99.672 ¥109.030 ¥121.397 ¥398.736 ¥907.995 
Total: 
BA ............................................... 3,662.873 3,790.220 3,729.908 3,851.344 4,059.156 4,244.640 4,421.604 4,611.88 1 4,759.673 4,941.062 5,051.604 19,675.268 43,461.092 
OT ................................................ 3,656.046 3,820.075 3,758.920 3,832.311 4,026.555 4,195.589 4,385.939 4,599.1 22 4,724.292 4,886.693 5,013.383 19,633.450 43,242.879 
Discretionary: 
BA ........................................... 1,120.117 1,118.926 1,064.409 1,086.723 1,110.650 1,135.582 1,159.629 1,139.076 1, 159.611 1,180.578 1,201.987 5,516.290 11,357.171 
OT ........................................... 1,174.609 1,180.249 1,151.360 1,135.114 1,149.790 1,168.256 1,188.973 1,187.700 1, 192.125 1,201.332 1,225.431 5,784.769 11,780.330 
Mandatory: 
BA ........................................... 2,542.756 2,671.294 2,665.499 2,764.621 2,948.506 3,109.058 3,261.975 3,472.805 3, 600.062 3,760.484 3,849.617 14,158.978 32,103.921 
OT ........................................... 2,481.437 2,639.826 2,607.560 2,697.197 2,876.765 3,027.333 3,196.966 3,411.422 3, 532.167 3,685.361 3,787.952 13,848.681 31,462.549 
Total on-budget: 
BA ............................................... 2,917.985 3,003.274 2,894.221 2,958.672 3,107.799 3,228.534 3,337.729 3,455.55 8 3,525.594 3,624.025 3,646.263 15,192.500 32,781.669 
OT ................................................ 2,914.464 3,037.267 2,928.317 2,945.067 3,080.929 3,185.512 3,308.296 3,449.5 32 3,497.247 3,576.890 3,614.976 15,177.092 32,624.033 
Discretionary: 
BA ........................................... 1,114.303 1,113.633 1,058.957 1,081.090 1,104.833 1,129.573 1,153.427 1,132.670 1, 152.999 1,173.758 1,194.951 5,488.086 11,295.891 
OT ........................................... 1,168.901 1,174.894 1,145.893 1,129.510 1,144.005 1,162.278 1,182.804 1,181.328 1, 185.548 1,194.547 1,218.431 5,756.580 11,719.238 
Mandatory: 
BA ........................................... 1,803.682 1,889.641 1,835.264 1,877.582 2,002.966 2,098.961 2,184.302 2,322.888 2, 372.595 2,450.267 2,451.312 9,704.414 21,485.778 
OT ........................................... 1,745.563 1,862.373 1,782.424 1,815.557 1,936.924 2,023.234 2,125.492 2,268.204 2, 311.699 2,382.343 2,396.545 9,420.512 20,904.795 
Revenues ......................................... 3,188.539 3,459.531 3,587.670 3,715.285 3,864.756 4,025.170 4,204.151 4,389.32 5 4,590.782 4,803.620 5,029.396 18,652.412 41,669.686 
Revenues on-budget ...................... 2,425.883 2,666.755 2,763.328 2,858.131 2,974.147 3,099.410 3,241.963 3,388.688 3,550.388 3,722.144 3,905 .648 14,361.771 32,170.602 
Surplus/Deficit ( ¥) ........................ ¥467.507 ¥360.544 ¥171.250 ¥117.026 ¥161.799 ¥170.419 ¥181.788 ¥209.797 ¥133.510 ¥83.073 16.013 ¥981.038 ¥1,573.193 
On-budget ................................... ¥488.581 ¥370.512 ¥164.989 ¥86.936 ¥106.782 ¥86.102 ¥66.333 ¥60.844 53.141 145.254 290.672 ¥815.321 ¥453.431 
Off-budget .................................. 21.074 9.968 ¥6.261 ¥30.090 ¥55.017 ¥84.317 ¥115.455 ¥148.953 ¥186.651 ¥228.327 ¥274.659 ¥165.717 ¥1,119.762 
TABLE 8.—FY 2016 BUDGET RESOLUTION TOTAL SPENDING AND REVENUE, AS PASSED BY THE HOUSE 
[Fiscal year, in millions of dollars] 
2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 2025 2016– 
2020 2016– 
2025 
SUMMARY 
Total spending: 
BA .............................................................................. 3,720,708 3,706,440 3,833,169 4,038,671 4,260,3 29 4,407,830 4,615,122 4,758,942 4,899,220 5,116,195 19,559,316 43,356,626 
OT .............................................................................. 3,789,766 3,721,791 3,810,949 4,004,105 4,211,7 31 4,372,536 4,597,890 4,720,746 4,843,916 5,079,217 19,538,341 43,152,645 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:13 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29AP7.016 H29APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2551 April 29, 2015 
TABLE 8.—FY 2016 BUDGET RESOLUTION TOTAL SPENDING AND REVENUE, AS PASSED BY THE HOUSE—Continued 
[Fiscal year, in millions of dollars] 
2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 2025 2016– 
2020 2016– 
2025 
On-budget: 
BA .............................................................................. 2,936,989 2,874,003 2,944,067 3,091,104 3,248,1 81 3,328,045 3,463,044 3,529,161 3,586,560 3,715,369 15,094,345 32,716,524 
OT .............................................................................. 3,010,185 2,894,439 2,927,276 3,062,270 3,205,6 14 3,298,984 3,452,546 3,497,999 3,538,491 3,685,327 15,099,785 32,573,131 
Off-budget: 
BA .............................................................................. 783,719 832,437 889,101 947,567 1,012,148 1,079 ,785 1,152,078 1,229,781 1,312,660 1,400,826 4,464,971 10,640,102 
OT .............................................................................. 779,581 827,352 883,672 941,835 1,006,117 1,073 ,552 1,145,344 1,222,746 1,305,425 1,393,890 4,438,556 10,579,514 
Revenues: 
Total ........................................................................... 3,459,531 3,587,670 3,715,285 3,864,756 4,025,1 70 4,204,151 4,389,325 4,590,782 4,803,620 5,029,396 18,652,412 41,669,686 
On-budget .................................................................. 2,666,755 2,763,328 2,858,131 2,974,147 3,099,410 3, 241,963 3,388,688 3,550,388 3,722,144 3,905,648 14,361,771 32,170,602 
Off-budget ................................................................. 792,776 824,342 857,154 890,609 925,760 962,188 1,00 0,637 1,040,394 1,081,476 1,123,748 4,290,641 9,499,084 
Recommended Change in Revenues: 
Total ........................................................................... 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 On-budget .................................................................. 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 Off-budget ................................................................. 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 
Surplus/Deficit( ¥): 
Total ........................................................................... ¥346,693 ¥152,211 ¥95,372 ¥139,326 ¥187,244 ¥169,288 ¥185,412 ¥105,526 12,408 32,791 ¥920,846 ¥1,335,873 
Macroeconomic Fiscal Impact ................................... ¥16,458 ¥18,090 291 22 ¥683 ¥903 23,153 24,437 52,704 82,611 ¥34,917 147,086 
On-budget .................................................................. ¥343,430 ¥131,111 ¥69,145 ¥88,123 ¥106,204 ¥57,021 ¥63,858 52,389 183,653 220,321 ¥738,014 ¥402,529 
Off-budget ................................................................. 13,195 ¥3,010 ¥26,518 ¥51,226 ¥80,357 ¥111,364 ¥144,707 ¥182,352 ¥223,949 ¥270,142 ¥147,915 ¥1,080,430 
Debt Held by the Public (end of year) .......................... 13,839,152 14,041,709 14,146,945 14,340,084 14,562,210 14,744,28 7 15,130,369 15,302,457 15,164,550 15,237,647 ...................... ......................
Debt Subject to Limit (end of year) .............................. 19,048,915 19,395,251 19,643,341 19,949,858 20,263,382 20,507, 829 20,908,840 21,078,135 20,918,559 20,907,169 ...................... ......................
BY FUNCTION 
National Defense (050): 
BA .............................................................................. 531,334 582,506 607,744 620,019 632,310 644,627  657,634 670,997 683,771 698,836 2,973,913 6,329,778 
OT .............................................................................. 564,027 572,025 586,422 604,238 617,553 630,610  648,269 656,389 663,936 683,350 2,944,265 6,226,819 
International Affairs (150): 
BA .............................................................................. 38,342 39,623 40,539 41,437 42,390 42,861 44,08 1 45,070 46,098 47,148 202,331 427,589 
OT .............................................................................. 42,923 40,821 39,736 39,214 39,564 40,108 40,86 8 41,633 42,470 43,349 202,258 410,686 
General Science, Space and Technology (250): 
BA .............................................................................. 28,381 28,932 29,579 30,227 30,904 31,584 32,29 3 33,003 33,742 34,488 148,023 313,132 
OT .............................................................................. 29,003 28,924 29,357 29,798 30,388 30,957 31,63 7 32,338 33,059 33,795 147,471 309,257 
Energy (270): 
BA .............................................................................. ¥3,581 1,410 1,189 1,196 1,259 1,309 1,335 1,375 1,332 ¥964 1,473 5,860 
OT .............................................................................. 654 649 234 307 472 728 863 1,000 1,037 ¥1,215 2,316 4,729 
Natural Resources & Environment (300): 
BA .............................................................................. 35,350 36,047 36,385 37,206 38,171 38,367 39,22 1 40,108 40,962 39,095 183,159 380,912 
OT .............................................................................. 38,113 38,268 37,674 37,747 38,304 38,685 39,36 1 40,319 40,486 38,471 190,105 387,427 
Agriculture (350): 
BA .............................................................................. 20,109 23,064 21,987 20,907 19,835 19,296 19,24 5 19,821 20,020 20,256 105,901 204,538 
OT .............................................................................. 21,164 23,194 21,396 20,275 19,386 18,849 18,83 0 19,391 19,553 19,851 105,416 201,891 
Commerce & Housing Credit (370): 
On-budget: 
BA .......................................................................... ¥3,269 ¥12,373 ¥10,252 ¥8,801 ¥6,903 ¥6,522 ¥5,742 ¥4,965 ¥3,991 ¥3,370 ¥41,598 ¥66,189 
OT .......................................................................... ¥16,617 ¥26,620 ¥24,998 ¥28,587 ¥27,479 ¥21,769 ¥22,819 ¥23,306 ¥23,635 ¥23,845 ¥124,301 ¥239,674 
Off-budget: 
BA .......................................................................... ¥3,487 ¥3,347 ¥3,409 ¥3,619 ¥3,822 ¥3,886 ¥3,928 ¥3,972 ¥4,016 ¥4,159 ¥17,684 ¥37,645 
OT .......................................................................... ¥3,488 ¥3,347 ¥3,409 ¥3,620 ¥3,822 ¥3,887 ¥3,929 ¥3,973 ¥4,017 ¥4,160 ¥17,686 ¥37,652 
Transportation (400): 
BA .............................................................................. 36,743 69,381 70,298 76,397 77,763 79,149 80,61 3 82,128 83,709 85,335 330,582 741,516 
OT .............................................................................. 79,181 69,500 73,623 76,051 76,767 78,369 79,94 6 81,336 82,724 83,983 375,122 781,481 
Community & Regional Development (450): 
BA .............................................................................. 7,082 7,688 8,089 8,381 8,409 8,305 8,304 8,359  8,447 8,579 39,649 81,641 
OT .............................................................................. 19,928 16,753 15,383 13,789 12,567 12,095 10,93 7 9,345 8,890 8,930 78,420 128,617 
Education, Training, Employment, and Social Services 
(500): BA .............................................................................. 80,620 84,746 87,029 85,514 87,901 88,908 90,14 8 91,237 92,744 94,400 425,810 883,247 
OT .............................................................................. 90,389 90,513 87,366 85,290 87,669 89,276 90,46 7 91,646 93,101 94,734 441,227 900,451 
Health (550): 
BA .............................................................................. 416,475 360,678 358,594 367,103 387,076 388,981  398,136 408,454 425,381 433,945 1,889,926 3,944,823 
OT .............................................................................. 426,860 364,823 360,468 367,916 377,341 389,025  398,233 408,529 425,477 434,143 1,897,408 3,952,815 
Medicare (570): 
BA .............................................................................. 577,726 580,837 580,782 639,293 680,575 726,644  808,204 825,577 834,148 927,410 3,059,213 7,181,196 
OT .............................................................................. 577,635 580,777 580,741 639,213 680,481 726,548  808,100 825,379 834,037 927,292 3,058,847 7,180,203 
Income Security (600): 
BA .............................................................................. 512,364 479,836 481,994 483,293 516,193 502,001  518,690 525,230 532,515 550,057 2,473,680 5,102,173 
OT .............................................................................. 513,709 475,234 471,951 477,470 510,603 496,856  518,542 519,391 521,105 543,361 2,448,967 5,048,222 
Social Security (650): 
On-budget: 
BA .......................................................................... 33,878 36,535 39,407 42,634 46,104 49,712 53,547 57 ,455 61,546 65,751 198,558 486,569 
OT .......................................................................... 33,919 36,535 39,407 42,634 46,104 49,712 53,547 57 ,455 61,546 65,751 198,599 486,610 
Off-budget: 
BA .......................................................................... 896,078 944,535 1,002,680 1,064,126 1,130,310 1,199 ,245 1,271,338 1,347,673 1,427,813 1,511,114 5,037,729 11,794,912 
OT .......................................................................... 891,941 939,450 997,251 1,058,395 1,124,279 1,193,0 13 1,264,605 1,340,639 1,420,579 1,504,179 5,011,316 11,734,331 
Veterans Benefits and Services (700): 
BA .............................................................................. 166,677 164,843 163,009 174,862 179,735 183,969  196,283 192,866 189,668 203,517 849,126 1,815,429 
OT .............................................................................. 170,121 164,387 162,385 174,048 178,778 183,019  195,255 191,834 188,553 202,383 849,719 1,810,763 
Administration of Justice (750): 
BA .............................................................................. 52,156 55,450 55,169 56,854 58,585 60,498 63,03 2 64,917 66,844 68,632 278,214 602,137 
OT .............................................................................. 56,006 57,547 56,659 56,572 58,392 59,992 62,48 5 64,355 66,264 68,051 285,177 606,325 
General Government (800): 
BA .............................................................................. 23,593 22,761 22,817 23,252 23,947 24,192 24,98 1 25,695 26,010 26,968 116,370 244,216 
OT .............................................................................. 23,576 23,202 23,279 23,084 23,602 24,309 25,11 4 25,840 25,878 26,825 116,743 244,709 
Net Interest (900): 
On-budget: 
BA .......................................................................... 366,542 414,802 477,785 531,097 578,726 612,198 642 ,470 667,176 684,394 696,025 2,368,952 5,671,217 
OT .......................................................................... 366,542 414,802 477,785 531,097 578,726 612,198 642 ,470 667,176 684,394 696,025 2,368,952 5,671,217 
Off-budget: 
BA .......................................................................... ¥
92,252 ¥91,570 ¥92,376 ¥94,506 ¥95,251 ¥95,817 ¥94,894 ¥92,787 ¥89,298 ¥83,567 ¥465,956 ¥922,318 
OT .......................................................................... ¥92,252 ¥91,570 ¥92,376 ¥94,506 ¥95,251 ¥95,817 ¥94,894 ¥92,787 ¥89,298 ¥83,567 ¥465,956 ¥922,318 
Allowances (920): 
BA .............................................................................. ¥33,462 ¥29,863 ¥32,175 ¥34,261 ¥39,009 ¥42,221 ¥46,013 ¥49,123 ¥50,652 ¥48,913 ¥168,770 ¥405,692 
OT .............................................................................. ¥17,275 ¥24,277 ¥28,249 ¥31,078 ¥35,136 ¥38,438 ¥42,205 ¥45,430 ¥47,736 ¥48,058 ¥136,015 ¥357,882 
Government-Wide Savings (930): 
BA .............................................................................. 27,465 ¥15,712 ¥32,429 ¥41,554 ¥50,240 ¥55,831 ¥63,954 ¥71,850 ¥78,889 ¥113,903 ¥112,470 ¥496,897 
OT .............................................................................. 18,416 ¥3,005 ¥20,148 ¥32,383 ¥42,168 ¥50,276 ¥57,849 ¥65,124 ¥71,689 ¥93,929 ¥79,288 ¥418,155 
Undistributed Offsetting Receipts (950): 
On-budget: 
BA .......................................................................... ¥73,514 ¥83,832 ¥90,115 ¥90,594 ¥92,193 ¥96,623 ¥99,437 ¥104,343 ¥111,213 ¥117,896 ¥430,248 ¥959,760 
OT .......................................................................... ¥73,514 ¥83,832 ¥90,115 ¥90,594 ¥92,193 ¥96,623 ¥99,437 ¥104,343 ¥111,213 ¥117,896 ¥430,248 ¥959,760 
Off-budget: 
BA .......................................................................... ¥16,620 ¥17,181 ¥17,794 ¥18,434 ¥19,089 ¥19,757 ¥20,438 ¥21,133 ¥21,839 ¥22,562 ¥89,118 ¥194,847 
OT .......................................................................... ¥16,620 ¥17,181 ¥17,794 ¥18,434 ¥19,089 ¥19,757 ¥20,438 ¥21,133 ¥21,839 ¥22,562 ¥89,118 ¥194,847 
Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Ter-
rorism (970): BA .............................................................................. 96,000 26,666 26,666 26,666 26,666 26,666 0 0 0  0 202,664 229,330 
OT .............................................................................. 45,442 34,238 26,940 26,191 25,916 24,776 9,956  2,869 278 0 158,727 196,606 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:13 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29AP7.017 H29APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2552 April 29, 2015 
TABLE 8.—FY 2016 BUDGET RESOLUTION TOTAL SPENDING AND REVENUE, AS PASSED BY THE HOUSE—Continued 
[Fiscal year, in millions of dollars] 
2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 2025 2016– 
2020 2016– 
2025 
Across the Board Adjustment (990): 
BA .............................................................................. ¥21 ¥22 ¥23 ¥23 ¥24 ¥24 ¥25 ¥26 ¥26 ¥27 ¥113 ¥241 
OT .............................................................................. ¥17 ¥20 ¥21 ¥22 ¥23 ¥23 ¥24 ¥25 ¥25 ¥26 ¥103 ¥226 
Notes: 
1. Only on-budget amounts for fiscal years 2016–2025 are entered into the budget resolution legislative text. Off-budget amount s are shown for display purposes only. 
2. The Office of Management and Budget and the Congressional Budget Office do not separately track outlays for the Global War o n Terrorism (GWOT) once funds have been appropriated. The budget, therefore, shows in function 970 
GWOT outlays that result from new budget authority occurring in fiscal years 2016–2025 only. Outlays resulting from GWOT activi ty prior to fiscal year 2016 are included in budget functions 050 and 150. 
TABLE 9.—FY 2016 BUDGET RESOLUTION DISCRETIONARY SPENDING, AS PASSED BY THE HOUSE 
[Fiscal year, in millions of dollars] 
2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 2025 2016– 
2020 2016– 
2025 
SUMMARY 
Total spending: 
BA .................................................................................. 1,112,582 1,060,530 1,078,106 1,095,980 1,1 14,158 1,132,646 1,124,781 1,143,903 1,163,349 1,183,126 5,461,356 11,209,161 
OT .................................................................................. 1,173,418 1,127,581 1,118,039 1,132,445 1,1 47,476 1,163,133 1,170,379 1,176,793 1,187,230 1,211,974 5,698,959 11,608,469 
Base Defense (050): 
BA .................................................................................. 523,091 574,067 599,071 611,079 623,087 635 ,096 647,848 660,970 673,469 687,356 2,930,395 6,235,134 
OT .................................................................................. 555,724 563,440 577,586 595,199 608,294 621 ,075 638,488 646,364 653,639 671,938 2,900,243 6,131,747 
Base Non Defense: 
BA .................................................................................. 493,491 459,797 452,369 458,235 464,405 470 ,884 476,933 482,933 489,880 495,770 2,328,297 4,744,697 
OT .................................................................................. 572,252 529,904 513,512 511,055 513,267 517 ,282 521,936 527,560 533,314 540,036 2,639,989 5,280,116 
BY FUNCTION 
National Defense (050): 
BA .................................................................................. 523,091 574,067 599,071 611,079 623,087 635 ,096 647,848 660,970 673,469 687,356 2,930,395 6,235,134 
OT .................................................................................. 555,724 563,440 577,586 595,199 608,294 621 ,075 638,488 646,364 653,639 671,938 2,900,243 6,131,747 
International Affairs (150): 
BA .................................................................................. 38,893 39,637 40,498 41,366 42,286 43,210 4 4,181 45,155 46,170 47,208 202,680 428,604 
OT .................................................................................. 44,218 42,211 41,501 41,079 41,482 42,016 4 2,578 43,377 44,251 45,169 210,491 427,882 
General Science, Space and Technology (250): 
BA .................................................................................. 28,274 28,832 29,479 30,127 30,804 31,484 3 2,193 32,903 33,642 34,388 147,516 312,125 
OT .................................................................................. 28,898 28,822 29,257 29,698 30,288 30,857 3 1,537 32,238 32,959 33,695 146,964 308,250 
Energy (270): 
BA .................................................................................. 2,054 2,110 2,169 2,221 2,295 2,350 2,411 2 ,470 2,533 2,590 10,849 23,203 
OT .................................................................................. 2,435 2,284 2,243 2,290 2,375 2,433 2,498 2 ,561 2,622 2,688 11,627 24,429 
Natural Resources & Environment (300): 
BA .................................................................................. 34,366 35,256 36,284 37,357 38,429 39,524 4 0,692 41,831 43,025 44,260 181,693 391,024 
OT .................................................................................. 36,796 36,971 37,048 37,666 38,669 39,700 4 0,828 41,918 42,496 43,672 187,151 395,764 
Agriculture (350): 
BA .................................................................................. 6,073 6,229 6,409 6,593 6,781 6,968 7,169 7 ,365 7,576 7,790 32,085 68,953 
OT .................................................................................. 5,979 6,141 6,324 6,504 6,689 6,873 7,072 7 ,266 7,471 7,684 31,637 68,003 
Commerce & Housing Credit (370): 
On-budget: 
BA .............................................................................. ¥13,410 ¥16,367 ¥16,546 ¥15,510 ¥13,141 ¥12,370 ¥11,196 ¥10,054 ¥9,054 ¥8,478 ¥74,974 ¥126,127 
OT .............................................................................. ¥13,067 ¥16,159 ¥16,462 ¥15,566 ¥13,227 ¥12,459 ¥11,287 ¥10,146 ¥9,152 ¥8,575 ¥74,481 ¥126,099 
Off-budget: 
BA .............................................................................. 267 277 288 299 310 321 334 346 358 371 1,441 3 ,171 
OT .............................................................................. 266 277 288 298 310 320 333 345 357 370 1,439 3 ,164 
Transportation (400): 
BA .................................................................................. 31,049 31,800 32,656 33,535 34,444 35,360 3 6,304 37,264 36,688 37,656 163,484 346,756 
OT .................................................................................. 78,107 68,491 72,712 75,345 76,185 77,851 7 9,470 80,868 80,694 81,906 370,840 771,629 
Community & Regional Development (450): 
BA .................................................................................. 6,958 7,045 7,199 7,348 7,509 7,682 7,856 8 ,033 8,216 8,394 36,059 76,238 
OT .................................................................................. 19,577 16,283 14,037 11,996 10,565 10,081 8 ,591 7,908 8,083 8,268 72,458 115,389 
Education, Training, Employment, and Social Services 
(500): 
BA .................................................................................. 88,248 92,897 94,491 96,297 98,241 100,227 102,273 104,164 106,241 108,321 470,174 991,400 
OT .................................................................................. 91,356 96,048 93,128 94,795 96,633 98,594 1 00,539 102,404 104,413 106,434 471,960 984,344 
Health (550): 
BA .................................................................................. 57,726 58,920 60,297 61,690 63,145 64,602 6 6,127 67,650 69,241 70,842 301,778 640,240 
OT .................................................................................. 58,409 58,958 59,792 60,302 61,592 62,827 6 4,296 65,794 67,331 68,903 299,053 628,204 
Medicare (570): 
BA .................................................................................. 6,605 6,994 7,424 7,888 8,368 8,875 9,412 9 ,967 10,547 11,145 37,279 87,225 
OT .................................................................................. 6,556 6,969 7,356 7,814 8,291 8,794 9,326 9 ,878 10,456 11,047 36,986 86,487 
Income Security (600): 
BA .................................................................................. 61,414 62,035 62,909 63,908 65,548 67,096 6 8,664 70,242 71,806 73,260 315,814 666,882 
OT .................................................................................. 63,626 62,685 62,928 63,555 64,825 66,229 6 7,708 69,218 70,758 72,174 317,619 663,706 
Social Security (650): 
On-budget: 
BA .............................................................................. 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 OT .............................................................................. 41 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 41 41 
Off-budget: 
BA .............................................................................. 5,026 5,175 5,345 5,518 5,699 5,881 6,072 6,266  6,462 6,665 26,763 58,109 
OT .............................................................................. 5,089 5,190 5,316 5,487 5,668 5,849 6,039 6,232  6,428 6,630 26,750 57,928 
Veterans Benefits and Services (700): 
BA .................................................................................. 68,602 70,540 72,735 74,992 77,320 79,678 8 2,135 84,626 87,179 89,826 364,189 787,633 
OT .................................................................................. 68,316 69,857 72,097 74,198 76,474 78,841 8 1,279 83,723 86,267 88,853 360,942 779,905 
Administration of Justice (750): 
BA .................................................................................. 51,019 52,562 54,296 56,089 57,934 59,805 6 1,756 63,732 65,757 67,648 271,900 590,598 
OT .................................................................................. 51,279 52,625 54,091 55,778 57,450 59,312 6 1,249 63,212 65,223 67,128 271,224 587,349 
General Government (800): 
BA .................................................................................. 16,724 16,134 16,093 16,433 17,057 17,202 1 7,874 18,556 19,054 19,726 82,441 174,853 
OT .................................................................................. 16,682 16,555 16,578 16,239 16,689 17,275 1 7,935 18,608 18,790 19,504 82,743 174,855 
Allowances (920): 
BA .................................................................................. ¥27,758 ¥27,069 ¥29,787 ¥31,883 ¥36,240 ¥40,404 ¥43,857 ¥46,986 ¥48,549 ¥50,852 ¥152,737 ¥383,385 
OT .................................................................................. ¥14,628 ¥22,704 ¥26,536 ¥29,263 ¥33,180 ¥36,961 ¥40,595 ¥43,876 ¥46,223 ¥48,425 ¥126,311 ¥342,391 
Government-Wide Savings (930): 
BA .................................................................................. 31,382 ¥13,188 ¥29,847 ¥36,010 ¥42,360 
¥46,582 ¥53,441 ¥60,571 ¥66,986 ¥74,962 ¥90,023 ¥392,565 
OT .................................................................................. 22,333 ¥1,581 ¥18,166 ¥27,139 ¥34,488 ¥41,127 ¥47,436 ¥53,945 ¥59,886 ¥67,063 ¥59,041 ¥328,498 
Overseas Contingency Operations/Glob-
al War on Terrorism (970): 
BA .................................................................................. 96,000 26,666 26,666 26,666 26,666 26,666 0  0 0 0 202,664 229,330 
OT .................................................................................. 45,442 34,238 26,940 26,191 25,916 24,776 9 ,956 2,869 278 0 158,727 196,606 
Across the Board Adjustment (990): 
BA .................................................................................. ¥21 ¥22 ¥23 ¥23 ¥24 ¥24 ¥25 ¥26 ¥26 ¥27 ¥113 ¥241 
OT .................................................................................. ¥17 ¥20 ¥21 ¥22 ¥23 ¥23 ¥24 ¥25 ¥25 ¥26 ¥103 ¥226 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:13 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29AP7.017 H29APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2553 April 29, 2015 
TABLE 10—FY 2016 BUDGET RESOLUTION MANDATORY SPENDING, AS PASSED BY THE HOUSE 
[Fiscal year, in millions of dollars] 
2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 2025 2016– 
2020 2016– 
2025 
SUMMARY 
Total spending: 
BA .............................................................................. 2,608,126 2,645,910 2,755,063 2,942,691 3,146,1 70 3,275,184 3,490,341 3,615,039 3,735,871 3,933,069 14,097,960 32,147,465 
OT .............................................................................. 2,616,348 2,594,209 2,692,910 2,871,660 3,064,2 55 3,209,403 3,427,511 3,543,953 3,656,685 3,867,242 13,839,382 31,544,176 
On-budget: 
BA .............................................................................. 1,829,700 1,818,925 1,871,595 2,000,941 2,140,0 31 2,201,601 2,344,669 2,391,870 2,430,031 2,539,279 9,661,193 21,568,643 
OT .............................................................................. 1,842,122 1,772,325 1,814,842 1,935,610 2,064,1 16 2,142,020 2,288,539 2,327,784 2,358,045 2,480,352 9,429,015 21,025,754 
Off-budget: 
BA .............................................................................. 778,426 826,985 883,468 941,750 1,006,139 1,073 ,583 1,145,672 1,223,169 1,305,840 1,393,790 4,436,767 10,578,822 
OT .............................................................................. 774,226 821,885 878,068 936,050 1,000,139 1,067 ,383 1,138,972 1,216,169 1,298,640 1,386,890 4,410,367 10,518,422 
BY FUNCTION 
National Defense (050): 
BA .............................................................................. 8,243 8,439 8,673 8,940 9,223 9,531 9,786 10,02 7 10,302 11,480 43,518 94,644 
OT .............................................................................. 8,303 8,585 8,836 9,039 9,259 9,535 9,781 10,02 5 10,297 11,412 44,022 95,072 
International Affairs (150): 
BA .............................................................................. ¥551 ¥14 41 71 104 ¥349 ¥100 ¥85 ¥72 ¥60 ¥349 ¥1,015 
OT .............................................................................. ¥1,295 ¥1,390 ¥1,765 ¥1,865 ¥1,918 ¥1,908 ¥1,710 ¥1,744 ¥1,781 ¥1,820 ¥8,233 ¥17,196 
General Science, Space and Technology (250): 
BA .............................................................................. 107 100 100 100 100 100 100 100 100 100 507 1,0 07 
OT .............................................................................. 105 102 100 100 100 100 100 100 100 100 507 1,0 07 
Energy (270): 
BA .............................................................................. ¥5,635 ¥700 ¥980 ¥1,025 ¥1,036 ¥1,041 ¥1,076 ¥1,095 ¥1,201 ¥3,554 ¥9,376 ¥17,343 
OT .............................................................................. ¥1,781 ¥1,635 ¥2,009 ¥1,983 ¥1,903 ¥1,705 ¥1,635 ¥1,561 ¥1,585 ¥3,903 ¥9,311 ¥19,700 
Natural Resources & Environment (300): 
BA .............................................................................. 984 791 100 ¥151 ¥258 ¥1,157 ¥1,472 ¥1,723 ¥2,063 ¥5,164 1,466 ¥10,112 
OT .............................................................................. 1,317 1,297 625 81 ¥365 ¥1,015 ¥1,467 ¥1,599 ¥2,011 ¥5,200 2,955 ¥8,337 
Agriculture (350): 
BA .............................................................................. 14,036 16,835 15,578 14,314 13,054 12,328 12,07 6 12,456 12,444 12,466 73,816 135,585 
OT .............................................................................. 15,185 17,053 15,072 13,771 12,697 11,976 11,75 8 12,125 12,082 12,167 73,779 133,888 
Commerce & Housing Credit (370): 
On-budget: 
BA .......................................................................... 10,141 3,994 6,294 6,709 6,238 5,848 5,454 5,089 5, 063 5,108 33,376 59,938 
OT .......................................................................... ¥3,550 ¥10,461 ¥8,536 ¥13,021 ¥14,252 ¥9,310 ¥11,532 ¥13,160 ¥14,483 ¥15,270 ¥49,820 ¥113,575 
Off-budget: 
BA .......................................................................... ¥3,754 ¥3,624 ¥3,697 ¥3,918 ¥4,132 ¥4,207 ¥4,262 ¥4,318 ¥4,374 ¥4,530 ¥19,125 ¥40,816 
OT .......................................................................... ¥3,754 ¥3,624 ¥3,697 ¥3,918 ¥4,132 ¥4,207 ¥4,262 ¥4,318 ¥4,374 ¥4,530 ¥19,125 ¥40,816 
Transportation (400): 
BA .............................................................................. 5,694 37,581 37,642 42,862 43,319 43,789 44,309  44,864 47,021 47,679 167,098 394,760 
OT .............................................................................. 1,074 1,009 911 706 582 518 476 468 2,030 2,077  4,282 9,852 
Community & Regional Development (450): 
BA .............................................................................. 124 643 890 1,033 900 623 448 326 231 185 3,590  5,403 
OT .............................................................................. 351 470 1,346 1,793 2,002 2,014 2,346 1,437 807  662 5,962 13,228 
Education, Training, Employment, and Social Services 
(500): BA .............................................................................. ¥7,628 ¥8,151 ¥7,462 ¥10,783 ¥10,340 ¥11,319 ¥12,125 ¥12,927 ¥13,497 ¥13,921 ¥44,364 ¥108,153 
OT .............................................................................. ¥967 ¥5,535 ¥5,762 ¥9,505 ¥8,964 ¥9,318 ¥10,072 ¥10,758 ¥11,312 ¥11,700 ¥30,733 ¥83,893 
Health (550): 
BA .............................................................................. 358,749 301,758 298,297 305,413 323,931 324,379  332,009 340,804 356,140 363,103 1,588,148 3,304,583 
OT .............................................................................. 368,451 305,865 300,676 307,614 315,749 326,198  333,937 342,735 358,146 365,240 1,598,355 3,324,611 
Medicare (570): 
BA .............................................................................. 571,121 573,843 573,358 631,405 672,207 717,769  798,792 815,610 823,601 916,265 3,021,934 7,093,971 
OT .............................................................................. 571,079 573,808 573,385 631,399 672,190 717,754  798,774 815,501 823,581 916,245 3,021,861 7,093,716 
Income Security (600): 
BA .............................................................................. 450,950 417,801 419,085 419,385 450,645 434,905  450,026 454,988 460,709 476,797 2,157,866 4,435,291 
OT .............................................................................. 450,083 412,549 409,023 413,915 445,778 430,627  450,834 450,173 450,347 471,187 2,131,348 4,384,516 
Social Security (650): 
On-budget: 
BA .......................................................................... 33,878 36,535 39,407 42,634 46,104 49,712 53,547 57
,455 61,546 65,751 198,558 486,569 
OT .......................................................................... 33,878 36,535 39,407 42,634 46,104 49,712 53,547 57 ,455 61,546 65,751 198,558 486,569 
Off-budget: 
BA .......................................................................... 891,052 939,360 997,335 1,058,608 1,124,611 1,193,3 64 1,265,266 1,341,407 1,421,351 1,504,449 5,010,966 11,736,803 
OT .......................................................................... 886,852 934,260 991,935 1,052,908 1,118,611 1,187,1 64 1,258,566 1,334,407 1,414,151 1,497,549 4,984,566 11,676,403 
Veterans Benefits and Services (700): 
BA .............................................................................. 98,075 94,303 90,274 99,870 102,415 104,291 114 ,148 108,240 102,489 113,691 484,937 1,027,796 
OT .............................................................................. 101,805 94,530 90,288 99,850 102,304 104,178 11 3,976 108,111 102,286 113,530 488,777 1,030,858 
Administration of Justice (750): 
BA .............................................................................. 1,137 2,888 873 765 651 693 1,276 1,185 1,087 9 84 6,314 11,539 
OT .............................................................................. 4,727 4,922 2,568 794 942 680 1,236 1,143 1,041  923 13,953 18,976 
General Government (800): 
BA .............................................................................. 6,869 6,627 6,724 6,819 6,890 6,990 7,107 7,139  6,956 7,242 33,929 69,363 
OT .............................................................................. 6,894 6,647 6,701 6,845 6,913 7,034 7,179 7,232  7,088 7,321 34,000 69,854 
Net Interest (900): 
On-budget: 
BA .......................................................................... 366,542 414,802 477,785 531,097 578,726 612,198 642 ,470 667,176 684,394 696,025 2,368,952 5,671,217 
OT .......................................................................... 366,542 414,802 477,785 531,097 578,726 612,198 642 ,470 667,176 684,394 696,025 2,368,952 5,671,217 
Off-budget: 
BA .......................................................................... ¥92,252 ¥91,570 ¥92,376 ¥94,506 ¥95,251 ¥95,817 ¥94,894 ¥92,787 ¥89,298 ¥83,567 ¥465,956 ¥922,318 
OT .......................................................................... ¥92,252 ¥91,570 ¥92,376 ¥94,506 ¥95,251 ¥95,817 ¥94,894 ¥92,787 ¥89,298 ¥83,567 ¥465,956 ¥922,318 
Allowances (920): 
BA .............................................................................. ¥5,704 ¥2,794 ¥2,388 ¥2,378 ¥2,769 ¥1,817 ¥2,156 ¥2,137 ¥2,103 1,939 ¥16,033 ¥22,307 
OT .............................................................................. ¥2,647 ¥1,573 ¥1,713 ¥1,815 ¥1,956 ¥1,477 ¥1,610 ¥1,554 ¥1,513 367 ¥9,704 ¥15,491 
Government-Wide Savings (930): 
BA .............................................................................. ¥3,917 ¥2,524 ¥2,582 ¥5,544 ¥7,880 ¥9,249 ¥10,513 ¥11,279 ¥11,903 ¥38,941 ¥22,447 ¥104,332 
OT .............................................................................. ¥3,917 ¥1,424 ¥1,982 ¥5,244 ¥7,680 ¥9,149 ¥10,413 ¥11,179 ¥11,803 ¥26,866 ¥20,247 ¥89,657 
Undistributed Offsetting Receipts (950): 
On-budget: 
BA .......................................................................... ¥73,514 ¥83,832 ¥90,115 ¥90,594 ¥92,193 ¥96,623 ¥99,437 ¥104,343 ¥111,213 ¥117,896 ¥430,248 ¥959,760 
OT .......................................................................... ¥73,514 ¥83,832 ¥90,115 ¥90,594 ¥92,193 ¥96,623 ¥99,437 ¥104,343 ¥111,213 ¥117,896 ¥430,248 ¥959,760 
Off-budget: 
BA .......................................................................... ¥16,620 ¥17,181 ¥17,794 ¥18,434 ¥19,089 ¥19,757 ¥20,438 ¥21,133 ¥21,839 ¥22,562 ¥89,118 ¥194,847 
OT .......................................................................... ¥16,620 ¥17,181 ¥17,794 ¥18,434 ¥19,089 ¥19,757 ¥20,438 ¥21,133 ¥21,839 ¥22,562 ¥89,118 ¥194,847 
National Defense: Function 050 
FUNCTION SUMMARY  
The National Defense function includes 
funds to develop, maintain, and equip the military forces of the United States. Histori-cally, about 95 percent of the funding in this function goes to Department of Defense mili-tary activities; the remaining funding ap-plies to atomic energy defense activities of the Department of Energy and other defense- 
related activities. 
SENATE RESOLUTION  
The Senate budget resolution calls for 
$531.3 billion in regular budget authority and $564.0 billion in outlays in fiscal year 2016. Regular discretionary budget authority in fiscal year 2016 totals $523.1 billion, with $555.7 billion in outlays; direct spending is $8.2 billion in budget authority and $8.3 bil-
lion in outlays. Over 10 years, regular budget authority totals $5,886.8 billion, and outlays are $5,821.5 billion. 
As well, the function contains $89.0 billion 
in discretionary budget authority and $87.1 billion in related outlays for overseas con-tingency operations. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:13 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29AP7.018 H29APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2554 April 29, 2015 
HOUSE AMENDMENT  
The House amendment abides by the Budg-
et Control Act discretionary defense cap of $523 billion for fiscal year 2016. In addition to this funding, the House amendment con-tinues to prioritize national defense by pro-viding needed dollars through the creation of the ‘‘Defense Readiness and Modernization Fund.’’ The fund will provide the Chairman of the House Committee on the Budget the ability to increase the defense allocation, in a deficit-neutral way, to support legislation that would provide additional resources for the Department of Defense [DOD]. In total with $90 billion, the House budget estimate for Overseas Contingency Operations funding for DOD, the fiscal year 2016 budget provides more than $613 billion total for defense spending—higher than the President’s budg-et request for the fiscal year. 
The House amendment includes a policy 
statement supporting national defense and the need to replace the defense discretionary sequester. Ultimately, the amendment fully supports U.S. troops, both at home and abroad, especially as the security environ-ment becomes increasingly dangerous, com-plex, and unpredictable. 
The House amendment specifies $531.3 bil-
lion in budget authority and $564.0 billion in outlays in fiscal year 2016, per current law. Discretionary budget authority is $523.1 bil-lion, with $555.7 billion in associated outlays. Direct spending for fiscal year 2016 totals $8.2 billion in budget authority and $8.3 billion in outlays. The 10-year function totals for budget authority and outlays are $6,329.8 bil-lion and $6,226.8 billion, respectively. 
CONFERENCE AGREEMENT  
The conference agreement calls for $531.3 
billion in regular budget authority and $564.3 billion in outlays in fiscal year 2016. Regular discretionary budget authority in fiscal year 2016 totals $523.1 billion, with $555.5 billion in outlays; direct spending is $8.2 billion in budget authority and $8.8 billion in outlays. Over 10 years, regular budget authority to-tals $6,001.2 billion, and outlays are $5,920.9 billion. Additional resources for national se-curity are provided outside this budget func-tion through overseas contingency oper-ations funding in Function 970. 
The agreement supports funding for na-
tional defense that is consistent with cur-rent law, thus removing the possibility of across-the-board reductions to the national security budget. The agreement makes clear that U.S. troops will have the resources and support they need to meet the challenges of a complex security environment. Taking into account both funding in this function and the Overseas Contingency Operations function, the agreement supports national security spending levels above the Presi-dent’s request over the next 5 and 10 years. 
International Affairs: Function 150 
FUNCTION SUMMARY  
The International Affairs function con-
tains spending on international humani-tarian and development assistance; inter-national security assistance; the conduct of foreign affairs; foreign information and ex-change activities; and international finan-cial programs. Major agencies with programs funded under this function include the De-partments of State, Treasury, and Agri-culture; the U.S. Agency for International Development; and the Millennium Challenge Corporation. Negative numbers in the de-scriptions below reflect receipts from for-eign-military sales and financing programs. 
SENATE RESOLUTION  
The Senate budget resolution calls for $40.7 
billion in regular budget authority and $46.6 billion in outlays in fiscal year 2016. Regular discretionary budget authority in fiscal year 2016 totals $41.3 billion, with $47.9 billion in 
related outlays. Direct spending is ¥$551 
million in budget authority and ¥$1.3 billion 
in outlays. Over 10 years, regular budget au-thority totals $451.8 billion, and outlays are $437.1 billion. 
The above figures exclude the $7.0 billion 
in discretionary budget authority and $6.8 billion in related outlays provided in this function for overseas contingency oper-ations. 
HOUSE AMENDMENT  
Since 2001, funding for the international af-
fairs base budget (excluding Global War on Terrorism/Overseas Contingency Operations funding) has increased by 45 percent, adjust-ing for inflation. Yet more spending has not yielded better results. Duplicative programs, programs unrelated to vital U.S. national in-terests, and inefficiencies are prevalent in 
the budget and should be addressed. This amendment represents a thorough re-evalua-tion of accounts in this category and prioritizes programs that are both integral to the core mission and that effectively and efficiently achieve desired outcomes. For this budget category, the House amendment proposes a total of $38.3 billion in budget au-thority and $42.9 billion in outlays for fiscal year 2016. Most of the function’s spending is discretionary, totaling $38.9 billion in budget authority and $44.2 billion in outlays for fis-cal year 2016. Direct spending amounts are ¥$551 million in budget authority and ¥$1.3 
billion in outlays. Over 10 years the resolu-tion provides $427.6 billion in budget author-ity and $410.7 billion in outlays. 
CONFERENCE AGREEMENT  
The conference agreement calls for $40.2 
billion in regular budget authority and $46.0 billion in outlays in fiscal year 2016. Regular discretionary budget authority in fiscal year 2016 totals $40.1 billion, with $47.1 billion in outlays; direct spending is $108 million in budget authority and ¥$1.1 billion in out-
lays. Over 10 years, regular budget authority totals $438.5 billion, with outlays of $431.7 billion. Additional resources for inter-national affairs are provided outside this budget function through overseas contin-gency operations funding in Function 970. 
The agreement supports international af-
fairs activities with the goal of promoting U.S. interests abroad and supporting human-itarian and development assistance overseas. It recognizes the need for review of programs in this function as many of them continue to receive funding despite expired authoriza-tions. The agreement supports efforts by the committees of jurisdiction to reform U.S. foreign aid programs to ensure that foreign assistance is prioritized to deliver aid in a more effective and transparent manner. 
General Science, Space, and Technology: 
Function 250 
FUNCTION SUMMARY  
The General Science, Space, and Tech-
nology function includes the National Science Foundation, programs other than aviation programs at the National Aero-nautics and Space Administration, and gen-eral science programs at the Department of Energy. 
SENATE RESOLUTION  
The Senate budget resolution calls for $30.0 
billion in budget authority and $30.0 billion in outlays in fiscal year 2016. Discretionary budget authority in fiscal year 2016 totals $29.9 billion, with $29.9 billion in related out-lays. Direct spending is $107 million in budg-et authority and $105 million in outlays. Over 10 years, budget authority totals $331.4 billion, and outlays are $328.5 billion. 
HOUSE AMENDMENT  
The House amendment reduces excess and 
unnecessary spending, while supporting core government responsibilities. It preserves 
basic research, providing stable funding for the National Science Foundation to conduct its authorized activities in science, space, and technology basic research, development, and science, technology, engineering, and math [STEM] education, while shifting the focus back to basic research. The amend-ment provides continued support for the Na-tional Aeronautics and Space Administra-tion [NASA] and recognizes the vital stra-tegic importance of the United States re-maining the pre-eminent space-faring na-tion. The amendment aligns funding in ac-cordance with the NASA core principles to support robust space capability, to allow for exploration beyond low Earth orbit, and to support the Nation’s scientific and edu-cational base. Total funding in the amend-ment is $28.4 billion and $29.0 billion in budg-et authority and outlays, respectively, in fis-cal year 2016. Nearly all the function’s spend-ing is discretionary, with $28.3 billion in budget authority and $28.9 billion in outlays in fiscal year 2016; direct spending is $107 million in budget authority and $105 million in outlays. The 10-year totals are $313.1 bil-lion in budget authority and $309.3 billion in outlays. 
CONFERENCE AGREEMENT  
Function 250 consists almost entirely of 
discretionary funding. The largest compo-nent of this category—about half of total spending—is for NASA’s space-flight, re-search, and supporting activities. The con-ference agreement recognizes and supports preserving the Federal scientific commu-nity’s original role as a venue for groundbreaking basic science research dis-coveries and a driver of innovation and eco-nomic growth. The agreement calls for $29.2 billion in budget authority and $29.6 billion in outlays in fiscal year 2016. Discretionary budget authority in fiscal year 2016 is $29.1 billion, with outlays of $29.5 billion; direct spending is $100 million in budget authority and $101 million in outlays. Over 10 years, budget authority totals $322.3 billion, and outlays are $318.0 billion. 
Energy: Function 270 
FUNCTION SUMMARY  
The Energy function concerns the produc-
tion, development, and use of energy for the country. This function contains civilian en-ergy programs at agencies including the De-partments of Energy and Agriculture, Ten-nessee Valley Authority, Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, and Nuclear Regu-latory Commission. Negative numbers in the function mainly reflect the incoming repay-ment of loans and receipts from the sale of electricity produced by Federal entities, which are accounted for as negative spend-ing. 
SENATE RESOLUTION  
The Senate budget resolution calls for 
¥$1.9 billion in budget authority and $2.4 bil-
lion in outlays in fiscal year 2016. Discre-tionary budget authority in fiscal year 2016 totals $3.1 billion, with $4.2 billion in related outlays. Direct spending is ¥$5.1 billion in 
budget authority and ¥$1.8 billion in out-
lays. Over 10 years, budget authority totals $6.9 billion, and outlays are $6.1 billion. 
HOUSE AMENDMENT  
A central aim of policies assumed in this 
function is to ensure that private sector cap-ital is not crowded out by government over-reach and bureaucratic waste. The policies also should protect taxpayers from poor gov-ernment decision-making that wastes Fed-eral dollars and increases energy prices. Fi-nally, streamlining research and develop-ment activities across the Department of En-ergy will increase efficiency and consolidate 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:13 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29AP7.019 H29APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2555 April 29, 2015 
operations, leading to reduced costs. These 
are the guiding principles for energy policy in the House amendment. For fiscal year 2016, the budget resolution provides ¥$3.6 
billion in budget authority, with $654 million in related outlays. The discretionary figures for fiscal year 2016 are $2.1 billion in budget authority and $2.4 billion in outlays, with di-rect spending of ¥$5.6 billion in budget au-
thority and ¥$1.8 billion in outlays. Ten- 
year function totals are $5.9 billion in budget authority and $4.7 billion in outlays. 
CONFERENCE AGREEMENT  
The conference agreement promotes abun-
dant and affordable American energy produc-tion and use. It envisions policies that re-align the size and role of government in-volvement in the private sector, while em-powering the committees of jurisdiction to pursue legislation in pursuit of these broad goals. The agreement provides ¥$3.2 billion 
in budget authority for fiscal year 2016 and $1.4 billion in outlays. These amounts in-clude $2.6 billion in discretionary budget au-thority and $3.2 billion in discretionary out-lays, with direct spending of ¥$5.8 billion in 
budget authority and ¥$1.8 billion in out-
lays. Spending over the next 10 years totals ¥$9.1 billion in budget authority and ¥$11.5 
billion in outlays. 
Natural Resources and Environment: 
Function 300 
FUNCTION SUMMARY  
The Natural Resources and Environment 
function focuses on the management, devel-opment, and maintenance of the Nation’s natural heritage. This function includes con-servation of land and water resources; devel-opment of water power and transportation infrastructure; and agencies and resources associated with the management and regula-tion of pollution, public and recreational lands, and natural resources. 
SENATE RESOLUTION  
The Senate budget resolution calls for $36.3 
billion in budget authority and $39.0 billion in outlays in fiscal year 2016. Discretionary budget authority in fiscal year 2016 totals $34.5 billion, with $37.2 billion in related out-lays. Direct spending is $1.8 billion in budget authority and $1.8 billion in outlays. Over 10 years, budget authority totals $406.5 billion, and outlays are $412.5 billion. 
HOUSE AMENDMENT  
The House amendment continues to sup-
port policies that will make America’s nat-ural resources available to producers who can provide a fair return to taxpayers. In ad-dition to the receipts the Federal Govern-ment collects from royalties, rents, and bonus bids, the increased economic activity on Federal land will create jobs and boost economic output. The amendment supports reducing the Federal estate, and giving States and localities more control over the resources within their boundaries. The House budget provides $35.4 billion in budget au-thority for fiscal year 2016, with $38.1 billion in related outlays. The discretionary spend-ing figures for fiscal year 2016 are $34.4 bil-lion in budget authority and $36.8 billion in outlays. For direct spending in fiscal 2016, the House amendment provides $984 million in budget authority and $1.3 billion in out-lays. Over 10 years, the function totals are $380.9 billion in budget authority and $387.4 billion in outlays. 
CONFERENCE AGREEMENT  
The conference agreement promotes a safe 
and healthy environment that can accom-pany robust economic growth and job cre-ation. It supports better management of the lands and resources overseen by the Federal Government, including potentially reducing the Federal estate, and a more responsible relationship between regulatory agencies 
and the private sector. The agreement pro-vides $36.4 billion in budget authority for fis-cal year 2016 and $39.5 billion in outlays. These figures include $34.4 billion in discre-tionary budget authority and $37.0 billion in discretionary outlays, as well as $1.9 billion in direct spending budget authority with $2.5 billion in outlays. Spending through the 10- year budget window totals $406.0 billion in budget authority and $413.0 billion in out-lays. 
Agriculture: Function 350 
FUNCTION SUMMARY  
The Agriculture function helps provide for 
the continued success of American agri-culture and the agricultural industry. This function includes only programs and policies concerned with agricultural production, in-cluding direct assistance and loans to farm-ers; export assistance; agricultural research; and marketing, information, and animal and plant health inspection services. 
SENATE RESOLUTION  
The Senate budget resolution calls for $20.6 
billion in budget authority and $20.6 billion in outlays in fiscal year 2016. Discretionary budget authority in fiscal year 2016 totals $5.9 billion, with $5.9 billion in related out-lays. Direct spending is $14.7 billion in budg-et authority and $14.7 billion in outlays. Over 10 years, budget authority totals $218.1 billion, and outlays are $213.3 billion. 
HOUSE AMENDMENT  
The House amendment recommends that a 
higher priority be given to competitive grant-based agricultural research. This type of research funding, in contrast to formula- based and other types, is most likely to spur agricultural productivity growth, which is important to enhancing the international competitiveness of U.S. agriculture over the longer term. Also, continued attention should be given to streamlining and, where possible, consolidating operations and activi-ties across U.S. Department of Agriculture agencies, including in its large network of county field offices. 
The 2014 farm bill made a number of re-
forms to agricultural policies, most notably by eliminating direct payments, but signifi-cant declines in market prices over the past year are expected to result in increased lev-els of assistance under the farm bill’s new price- and revenue-based programs. While it is important to continue to reform agricul-tural programs, weather and market chal-lenges continue to highlight the importance of maintaining a safety net for farmers. 
In this function, the amendment provides 
$20.1 billion in budget authority and $21.2 bil-lion in outlays for fiscal year 2016. Discre-tionary budget authority in fiscal 2016 is $6.1 billion; outlays are $6.0 billion. The direct spending share of the fiscal year 2016 func-tion totals are $14.0 billion in budget author-ity and $15.2 billion in outlays. For the pe-riod of fiscal years 2016 through 2025, budget authority totals $204.5 billion and outlays are $201.9 billion. 
CONFERENCE AGREEMENT  
The conference agreement empowers the 
Committees on Agriculture in the House of Representatives and Senate to build on the reforms in the 2014 farm bill to ensure Amer-ican agriculture remains a vital part of the Nation’s economy while supporting rural economies in a fiscally responsible way. The agreement provides $19.1 billion in budget authority for fiscal year 2016 and $21.6 billion in outlays in this function. These amounts include $6.0 billion in discretionary budget authority and $5.9 billion in discretionary outlays, as well as direct spending amounts of $13.1 billion in budget authority and $15.6 billion in outlays. Total spending over the 
next 10 years in this function equals $204.2 billion in budget authority and $201.1 billion in outlays. 
Commerce and Housing Credit: Function 370 
FUNCTION SUMMARY  
The Commerce and Housing Credit func-
tion includes mortgage credit, the U.S. Post-al Service, deposit insurance, and most of the activities of the Departments of Com-merce and Housing and Urban Development. Negative figures in this function mainly re-flect the negative subsidy rates applied to certain loan and loan-guarantee programs scored under the guidelines of the Federal Credit Reform Act, such as the Federal Housing Administration [FHA] and the Gov-ernment National Mortgage Association (commonly known as Ginnie Mae) programs. 
SENATE RESOLUTION  
The Senate budget resolution calls for $1.9 
billion in budget authority and ¥$11.7 billion 
in outlays in fiscal year 2016. Discretionary budget authority in fiscal year 2016 totals ¥$8.1 billion, with ¥$7.9 billion in related 
outlays. Direct spending is $10.0 billion in budget authority and ¥$3.7 billion in out-
lays. Over 10 years, budget authority totals ¥$5.6 billion, and outlays are ¥$179.9 billion. 
These figures reflect the combined on- and off-budget amounts associated with this function. 
HOUSE AMENDMENT  
The House amendment envisions a Federal 
system that supports commerce and housing and regulates in an efficient manner, pro-viding sufficient oversight where necessary without wasting taxpayer monies or stifling 
free enterprise. The amendment calls for minimizing subsidies to commercial entities where possible and protecting taxpayers from the risk of future bailouts. Addition-ally, it envisions adjusting the budgets of Federal agencies to levels necessary to effec-tively and efficiently execute their missions, and creating a climate that supports rather than stifles commerce and free enterprise. The House amendment also recommends giv-ing the Postal Service the flexibility that any business needs to respond to changing market conditions, including declining mail volume, which is down more than 25 percent since 2006. 
In this function, on a unified basis, the 
amendment provides ¥$6.8 billion in budget 
authority and ¥$20.1 billion in outlays for 
fiscal year 2016, of which ¥$13.1 billion is dis-
cretionary budget authority, with ¥$12.8 bil-
lion in outlays. Direct spending for fiscal 2016 is $6.4 billion in budget authority and 
¥$7.3 billion in outlays. For fiscal years 2016 
through 2025, the amendment provides ¥$103.8 billion in budget authority and 
¥$277.3 billion in outlays. 
CONFERENCE AGREEMENT  
The conference agreement supports poli-
cies that would reduce the risk of taxpayer bailouts and promote free enterprise. Addi-tionally, the agreement aims to remove bur-densome regulations so the economy can run more efficiently. Fiscal year 2016 budget au-thority totals ¥$4.0 billion, and outlays 
total ¥$13.6 billion. Discretionary budget au-
thority in fiscal year 2016 totals ¥$10.6 bil-
lion, with ¥$7.2 billion in related outlays. 
Direct spending budget authority is $6.6 bil-lion in fiscal year 2016, with ¥$6.4 billion in 
outlays. Over 10 years, budget authority in Function 370 totals ¥$79.7 billion, and out-
lays are ¥$244.3 billion. These totals reflect 
combined on- and off-budget amounts. 
Transportation: Function 400 
FUNCTION SUMMARY  
The Transportation function focuses on aid 
and regulation for ground transportation (in-cluding roads and highways, railroads, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:13 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29AP7.020 H29APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2556 April 29, 2015 
urban mass transit), air transportation (in-
cluding aeronautical research conducted by NASA), and maritime commerce. The major agencies included in this function are the Department of Transportation (including the Federal Aviation Administration, Federal Highway Administration, Federal Transit Administration, and Maritime Administra-tion), the Department of Homeland Security (including the Transportation Security Ad-ministration, United States Coast Guard, and the Federal Air Marshal Service), and the National Railroad Passenger Corpora-tion. 
SENATE RESOLUTION  
The Senate budget resolution calls for $71.5 
billion in budget authority and $88.4 billion in outlays in fiscal year 2016. Discretionary budget authority in fiscal year 2016 totals $29.1 billion, with $87.2 billion in related out-lays. Direct spending is $42.4 billion in budg-et authority and $1.2 billion in outlays. Over 10 years, budget authority totals $750.4 bil-lion, and outlays are $806.4 billion. 
HOUSE AMENDMENT  
The amendment prioritizes the solvency of 
the Highway Trust Fund, aligns spending with incoming revenue, and ensures any gen-eral fund transfers will be fully offset. It pro-vides the authorizing committees flexibility through a deficit-neutral reserve fund. It also maintains essential funding for surface transportation, aviation, and safety—offset by reductions in other transportation activi-ties of lower priority to the Federal Govern-ment. 
For fiscal year 2016, the amendment pro-
vides $36.7 billion in budget authority and $79.2 billion in associated outlays. Those amounts consist of $31.0 billion in fiscal 2016 discretionary budget authority and $78.1 bil-lion in outlays, and direct spending budget authority of $5.7 billion, with $1.1 billion in outlays. Over 10 years, the function totals are $741.5 billion in budget authority and $781.5 billion in outlays. 
CONFERENCE AGREEMENT  
The conference agreement provides essen-
tial funding for surface transportation, avia-tion, and safety, offset by reductions in transportation activities of lower priority to the Federal Government. Through deficit- neutral reserve funds, the agreement gives the committees of jurisdiction flexibility in future legislation involving the Highway Trust Fund. The fund is put on more sound financial footing and its solvency reinstated. The agreement provides $72.1 billion in budg-et authority for fiscal year 2016 and $87.2 bil-lion in outlays. These amounts include $30.1 billion in discretionary budget authority and $86.1 billion in discretionary outlays, with direct spending of $42.0 billion in budget au-thority and $1.1 billion in outlays. Spending over the next 10 years totals $665.6 billion in budget authority and $748.7 billion in out-lays. 
Community and Regional Development: 
Function 450 
FUNCTION SUMMARY  
The Community and Regional Develop-
ment function includes Federal programs to improve community economic conditions, promote rural development, and assist in Federal preparations for and in response to disasters. This function provides appro-priated funding for the Community Develop-ment Block Grant Program, Department of Agriculture rural development programs, Bureau of Indian Affairs, Federal Emergency Management Agency, and other disaster mitigation and community development-re-lated programs. It also provides direct fund-ing for the National Flood Insurance Pro-gram. SENATE RESOLUTION  
The Senate budget resolution calls for $17.4 
billion in budget authority and $22.4 billion in outlays in fiscal year 2016. Discretionary budget authority in fiscal year 2016 totals $16.3 billion, with $21.0 billion in related out-lays. Direct spending is $1.2 billion in budget authority and $1.4 billion in outlays. Over 10 years, budget authority totals $186.5 billion, and outlays are $211.9 billion. 
HOUSE AMENDMENT  
While supporting programs in this function 
related to emergency preparedness and crit-ical needs, the House amendment urges streamlining non-essential community and regional initiatives that are not core func-tions of the Federal Government. The House amendment provides $7.1 billion in budget authority and $19.9 billion in outlays for the function in fiscal year 2016. Discretionary spending for the year is $7.0 billion in budget authority and $19.6 billion in outlays. Budget authority for direct spending in fiscal 2016 is $124 million, with $351 million in outlays. Over 10 years, the amendment provides $81.6 billion and $128.6 billion in budget authority and outlays, respectively. 
CONFERENCE AGREEMENT  
The conference agreement funds programs 
relating to emergency preparedness and crit-ical needs. Most of this category’s funding is discretionary; the main direct spending com-ponent of this function is the National Flood Insurance Program. The agreement supports a more efficient grant system, which in-cludes strengthening oversight of the grant programs to reduce waste and improve effec-tiveness. The agreement calls for $15.5 billion in budget authority and $20.7 billion in out-lays in fiscal year 2016. Discretionary budget authority in fiscal year 2016 is $15.0 billion, with outlays of $19.6 billion; direct spending is $446 million in budget authority and $1.1 billion in outlays. Over 10 years, budget au-thority totals $139.4 billion, and outlays are $181.0 billion. 
Education, Training, Employment, and 
Social Services: Function 500 
FUNCTION SUMMARY  
The Education, Training, Employment, 
and Social Services function includes fund-ing for the Department of Education, some social services programs within the Depart-ment of Health and Human Services, and em-ployment and training programs within the Department of Labor. 
SENATE RESOLUTION  
The Senate budget resolution calls for $86.3 
billion in budget authority and $95.7 billion in outlays in fiscal year 2016. Discretionary budget authority in fiscal year 2016 totals $91.4 billion, with $95.0 billion in related out-lays. Direct spending is ¥$5.1 billion in budg-
et authority and $746 million in outlays. Over 10 years, budget authority totals $930.0 billion, and outlays are $942.3 billion. 
HOUSE AMENDMENT  
Rather than foster a system that drives up 
tuition and presents too many students with the difficult choice between crippling debt and stopping short of their highest edu-cational attainment, the House amendment envisions a framework that uses Federal dol-lars more efficiently, accounts for student loans in a way that reflects their true cost, and invests in a sustainable higher education system. The amendment also views Federal support for K–12 education as just that: It should support, not seize control from, State and local entities. Real gains in education result from the diversity and creativity of State and local educators, and the trend to-ward centralizing rules and standards in Washington risks smothering effectiveness and innovation. Toward these ends, the amendment pro-
vides $80.6 billion in budget authority and $90.4 billion in outlays for fiscal year 2016. Of those amounts, $88.2 billion is discretionary budget authority, with $91.4 billion in associ-ated outlays. Direct spending in fiscal 2016 totals ¥$7.6 billion in budget authority and 
¥$967 million in outlays. (The negative fig-
ures result mainly from the methodology used to score direct student loans under the Federal Credit Reform Act.) Over 10 years, the House amendment provides $883.2 billion in total budget authority and $900.5 billion in outlays. 
CONFERENCE AGREEMENT  
The conference agreement supports re-
forms to the current educational system in order to give the Nation’s students the op-portunity for a better, more affordable edu-cation. In addition, it encourages the enact-ment of policies that better equip Americans of all ages to excel not only in school but also in the workforce. Function 500 totals amount to $83.3 billion in budget authority and $93.3 billion in outlays in fiscal year 2016. Discretionary budget authority in fiscal year 2016 totals $89.8 billion, with $93.8 billion in related outlays. Direct spending budget au-thority is ¥$6.5 billion in fiscal year 2016, 
with ¥$504 million in outlays. Over 10 years, 
budget authority totals $932.6 billion, and outlays are $942.5 billion. 
Health: Function 550 
FUNCTION SUMMARY  
The Health function contains spending on 
a variety of health care services adminis-tered by the Department of Health and Human Services. This function also includes health research conducted by the National Institutes of Health; public health and safety programs conducted by the Centers for Dis-ease Control and Prevention; primary health care services conducted by the Health Re-sources and Services Administration; and the regulation of pharmaceuticals, medical devices, and food products conducted by the Food and Drug Administration. The most significant drivers of spending in the func-tion are the coverage provisions of the Presi-dent’s health care law and Medicaid. 
SENATE RESOLUTION  
The Senate budget resolution calls for 
$414.4 billion in budget authority and $424.7 billion in outlays in fiscal year 2016. Discre-tionary budget authority in fiscal year 2016 totals $57.8 billion, with $58.4 billion in re-lated outlays. Direct spending is $356.6 bil-lion in budget authority and $366.3 billion in outlays. Over 10 years, budget authority to-tals $4,376.5 billion, and outlays are $4,384.5 billion. 
HOUSE AMENDMENT  
The amendment calls for repealing the Af-
fordable Care Act in full—its spending, taxes, regulations, and mandates—as a first step toward introducing real, patient-centered health care reform in America. The amend-ment contains a policy statement describing the contours of this strategy, emphasizing affordability, accessibility, quality, choices, innovation, responsiveness, and legal re-forms. The amendment also supports major reforms to strengthen and secure Medicaid benefits, such as converting the Federal share of Medicaid into State Flexibility Funds that each State may tailor to its own needs. For fiscal year 2016, the amendment provides $416.5 billion in budget authority in Function 550, with $426.9 billion in associated outlays. For discretionary spending, the amendment provides $57.7 billion in budget authority and $58.4 billion in outlays in fis-cal year 2016. The direct spending amounts for that year are $358.7 billion in budget au-thority and $368.5 billion in outlays. Over 10 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:13 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29AP7.021 H29APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2557 April 29, 2015 
years, the totals are $3,944.8 billion in budget 
authority and $3,952.8 billion in outlays. 
CONFERENCE AGREEMENT  
The conference agreement calls for the re-
peal of the President’s health care law. The agreement accommodates legislation from the committees of jurisdiction in the House and Senate to continue to develop health care solutions that lower costs and improve access to care. It envisions Medicaid reform, based on a framework proposed by the chair-men of the committees of jurisdiction in the House and the Senate, to modernize and im-prove the program while increasing State flexibility and protecting the most vulner-able populations. 
The conference agreement calls for $433.1 
billion in budget authority and $430.9 billion in outlays in fiscal year 2016. Discretionary budget authority in fiscal year 2016 totals $57.7 billion, with $58.4 billion in related out-lays. Direct spending in fiscal year 2016 is $375.3 billion in budget authority and $372.5 billion in outlays. Over 10 years, budget au-thority totals $4,337.2 billion, and outlays are $4,334.4 billion. 
Medicare: Function 570 
FUNCTION SUMMARY  
The Medicare function includes only the 
Medicare program, which provides health in-surance to senior citizens and certain per-sons with disabilities. Nearly 99 percent of spending in this function occurs on the di-rect side of the budget, and almost all of the direct spending consists of payments for Medicare benefits. The balance of spending is discretionary annual appropriations for the cost of administering and monitoring the Medicare program. 
SENATE RESOLUTION  
The Senate budget resolution calls for 
$567.2 billion in budget authority and $567.1 billion in outlays in fiscal year 2016. Discre-tionary budget authority in fiscal year 2016 totals $6.6 billion, with $6.6 billion in related outlays. Direct spending is $560.6 billion in budget authority and $560.6 billion in out-lays. Over 10 years, budget authority totals $6,930.9 billion, and outlays are $6,929.9 bil-lion. 
HOUSE AMENDMENT  
The amendment recognizes the imperative 
of saving, strengthening, and securing the future of Medicare. The current spending trajectory of Medicare will result in an in-ability to provide the promised benefits to America’s seniors in the not-so-distant fu-ture. The amendment pursues a responsible course to ensure the viability of the Medi-care Program through a number of struc-tural reforms, including transitioning to a premium support model bringing patient choices and helpful competition into the pro-gram, allowing for improvement in quality care, increasing accessibility and afford-ability, and a real check on wasteful prac-tices. For fiscal year 2016, the function totals in the amendment are $577.7 billion in budget authority and $577.6 billion in outlays. The direct spending portion for fiscal 2016 totals $6.6 billion in budget authority and outlays. Far more significant is the function’s direct spending of $571.1 billion in budget authority and outlays. Over 10 years, Function 570 spending is projected at $7,181.2 billion in budget authority and $7,180.2 billion in out-lays. 
CONFERENCE AGREEMENT  
The conference agreement supports the re-
peal of the President’s health care law, in-cluding the repeal of the Medicare Inde-pendent Payment Advisory Board. The agreement proposes the same amount of Medicare savings reflected in the Senate- passed fiscal year 2016 budget as a target to extend the life of the Hospital Insurance 
trust fund and tasks the committees of juris-diction in the House and Senate with deter-mining the specific Medicare reforms needed to bring spending levels under current law in line with the budget. Finally, the conference agreement accounts for the full cost of H.R. 2, the Medicare Access and CHIP Reau-thorization Act of 2015. 
The conference agreement calls for $579.4 
billion in budget authority and $579.4 billion in outlays in fiscal year 2016. Discretionary budget authority in fiscal year 2016 totals $6.5 billion, with $6.5 billion in related out-lays. Direct spending is $572.9 billion in budg-et authority and $572.9 billion in outlays. Over 10 years, budget authority totals $7,076.5 billion, and outlays are $7,075.6 bil-lion. 
Income Security: Function 600 
FUNCTION SUMMARY  
The Income Security function covers a 
range of income security programs that pro-vide cash or near-cash assistance to low-in-come persons, and benefits to certain retir-ees, persons with disabilities, and the unem-ployed. 
SENATE RESOLUTION  
The Senate budget resolution calls for 
$529.5 billion in budget authority and $528.8 billion in outlays in fiscal year 2016. Discre-tionary budget authority in fiscal year 2016 totals $65.1 billion, with $65.4 billion in re-lated outlays. Direct spending is $464.4 bil-lion in budget authority and $463.4 billion in outlays. Over 10 years, budget authority to-tals $4,899.5 billion, and outlays are $4,858.0 billion. 
HOUSE AMENDMENT  
The House amendment proposes to con-
tinue the successful welfare reforms of the 1990s by improving work requirements for means-tested programs to help more people escape poverty and move up the economic ladder. It focuses resources on programs that deliver real results, restraining spending to reasonable levels, reducing improper pay-ments, and allowing States more ability to improve programs through policy innova-tion. For fiscal year 2016, the amendment provides $512.4 billion in budget authority, with $513.7 billion in associated outlays. The amendment provides $61.4 billion in fiscal 2016 discretionary budget authority, with $63.6 billion in outlays, along with $451.0 bil-lion in budget authority and $450.1 billion in outlays for direct spending. Over 10 years, the totals are $5,102.2 billion in budget au-thority and $5,048.2 billion in outlays. 
CONFERENCE AGREEMENT  
The conference agreement assumes the en-
actment of proposals to reduce poverty and increase opportunity and upward mobility for struggling Americans on the road to per-sonal and financial independence. Based on the successful welfare reforms of the 1990s, these proposals would improve work require-ments and provide flexible funding for States to help those most in need find gainful em-ployment, escape poverty, and move up the economic ladder. The agreement focuses re-sources on programs that deliver real re-sults, reducing wasteful spending and em-powering States to make key decisions and improve welfare programs through policy in-novation. In fiscal year 2016, the agreement provides $523.1 billion in total budget author-ity and $523.6 billion in total outlays. Discre-tionary budget authority is $63.2 billion, and outlays are $64.2 billion. Direct spending is $459.9 billion in budget authority and $459.4 billion in outlays. Over 10 years, the totals are $4,985.2 billion in budget authority and $4,936.6 billion in outlays. Social Security Retirement and Disability: 
Function 650 
FUNCTION SUMMARY  
The Social Security function consists of 
the payroll-tax-financed programs collec-tively known as Social Security: Old-Age and Survivors Insurance and Disability In-surance. These programs provide retirement and disability benefits to approximately 56 million eligible retired workers, disabled persons, and their spouses, dependents, and survivors. This function includes both Social Security benefit payments and funds to ad-minister the program and ensure program in-tegrity. 
SENATE RESOLUTION  
The Senate budget resolution calls for 
$930.0 billion in budget authority and $925.9 billion in outlays in fiscal year 2016. Discre-tionary budget authority in fiscal year 2016 totals $5.0 billion, with $5.1 billion in related outlays. Direct spending is $924.9 billion in budget authority and $920.7 billion in out-lays. Over 10 years, budget authority totals $12,285.9 billion, and outlays are $12,225.4 bil-lion. 
HOUSE AMENDMENT  
Absent structural reform, Social Security 
will fail to fulfill its promises to the Nation’s retired and disabled persons—and that out-come will occur sooner than expected. With each year Congress delays, the policy changes needed to correct the program’s fis-cal trajectory will become larger and more wrenching to adopt, eventually leading to sudden, steep reductions in benefits. The House amendment calls for a bipartisan way forward, encouraging the President and Con-gress to begin the process of reforming So-cial Security. The budget provides $930.0 bil-lion in unified Function 650 budget authority in fiscal year 2016, and $925.9 billion in out-lays. The discretionary figures for fiscal 2016 are $5.0 billion in budget authority and $5.1 billion in outlays. Direct spending that year is $924.9 billion in budget authority and $920.7 billion in outlays. Over 10 years, the totals are $12,281.5 billion in budget authority and $12,220.9 billion in outlays. 
CONFERENCE AGREEMENT  
The conference agreement presumes the 
President and Congress will work together on a bipartisan basis to preserve Social Secu-rity for current and future generations. It assumes enactment of legislation that will prevent the near-term insolvency of the Dis-ability Insurance program; improve the ad-ministration and coordination of benefits; and increase employment opportunities for disabled workers. The agreement also as-sumes the President will submit legislation to Congress addressing the long-term insol-vency both of the Old-Age and Survivors In-surance program and the Disability Insur-ance program. In fiscal year 2016, the agree-ment provides $928.9 billion in total budget authority and $925.0 billion in total outlays. Discretionary budget authority is $5.0 bil-lion, and outlays are $5.1 billion. Direct spending is $923.9 billion in budget authority and $919.8 billion in outlays. Over 10 years, the totals are $12,278.2 billion in budget au-thority and $12,216.7 billion in outlays. These figures reflect the combined on- and off- 
budget amounts associated with this func-tion. 
Veterans Benefits and Services: Function 700 
FUNCTION SUMMARY  
The Veterans Benefits and Services func-
tion includes Veterans’ Health Administra-tion and health services (majority of the dis-cretionary spending), veterans’ pensions and disability compensation (majority of the di-rect spending), and other veterans services. 
SENATE RESOLUTION  
The Senate budget resolution calls for 
$166.7 billion in budget authority and $170.2 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:13 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29AP7.022 H29APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2558 April 29, 2015 
billion in outlays in fiscal year 2016. Discre-
tionary budget authority in fiscal year 2016 totals $68.6 billion, with $68.3 billion in re-lated outlays. Direct spending is $98.1 billion in budget authority and $101.8 billion in out-lays. Over 10 years, budget authority totals $1,817.4 billion, and outlays are $1,812.7 bil-lion. 
HOUSE AMENDMENT  
The House amendment fully funds vet-
erans’ discretionary benefits and services by providing CBO’s estimated funding level of veterans discretionary programs needs for fiscal year 2016, which is a 5 percent increase above last year’s level. The House Budget Committee will continue to closely monitor the Department of Veterans Affairs’ progress to ensure resources provided by Congress are sufficient and efficiently used to provide benefits and services to veterans. The resolu-tion calls for $166.7 billion in budget author-ity and $170.1 billion in outlays in fiscal year 2016 for veterans’ benefits and services. Fis-cal year 2016 discretionary spending is $68.6 billion in budget authority and $68.3 billion in outlays, while direct spending totals $98.1 billion in budget authority and $101.8 billion in outlays. The 10-year totals for budget au-thority and outlays are $1,815.4 billion and $1,810.8 billion, respectively. 
CONFERENCE AGREEMENT  
The conference agreement fully funds vet-
erans’ discretionary benefits and services by providing CBO’s estimated funding level of veterans discretionary program needs for fis-cal year 2016, a 5-percent increase above last year’s level. The House and Senate Budget Committees will continue to closely monitor the Department of Veterans Affairs’ progress to ensure resources provided by Congress are sufficient and efficiently used to provide benefits and services to veterans. The agree-ment calls for $166.3 billion in budget author-ity and $171.9 billion in outlays in fiscal year 2016 for Veterans benefits and services. Dis-cretionary budget authority in fiscal year 2016 is $68.6 billion, with outlays of $68.3 bil-lion; direct spending is $97.7 billion in budget authority and $103.5 billion in outlays. Over 10 years, budget authority totals $1,812.8 bil-lion, and outlays are $1,815.7 billion. 
Administration of Justice: Function 750 
FUNCTION SUMMARY  
The Administration of Justice function in-
cludes programs to provide judicial services, police protection, law enforcement (includ-ing civil rights), rehabilitation and incarcer-ation of criminals, and the general mainte-nance of domestic order. 
SENATE RESOLUTION  
The Senate budget resolution calls for $52.5 
billion in budget authority and $56.8 billion in outlays in fiscal year 2016. Discretionary budget authority in fiscal year 2016 totals $51.3 billion, with $52.0 billion in related out-lays. Direct spending is $1.2 billion in budget authority and $4.8 billion in outlays. Over 10 years, budget authority totals $618.2 billion, and outlays are $621.3 billion. 
HOUSE AMENDMENT  
With the risk of terrorism, as well as a 
tidal wave of debt, the House amendment fo-cuses Federal taxpayer money for the De-partments of Justice and Homeland Security on administering justice, arresting and pros-ecuting terrorists, investigating crimes, and seeking punishment for those guilty of un-lawful behavior. For fiscal year 2016, the House amendment provides $52.2 billion in total budget authority and $56.0 billion in outlays, focused on core Federal Government responsibilities and reducing duplication, ex-cess, and unnecessary spending. The discre-tionary totals—the majority of the func-tion’s spending—are $51.0 billion in budget authority and $51.3 billion in outlays; direct 
spending is $1.1 billion in budget authority and $4.7 billion in outlays. Over 10 years the amendment provides $602.1 billion and $606.3 billion in budget authority and outlays, re-spectively. 
CONFERENCE AGREEMENT  
The vast majority of this category’s fund-
ing is discretionary and used for Federal law- enforcement programs, litigation and judi-cial activities, correctional operations, and border security. A small amount of direct spending funds certain immigration activi-ties, the Crime Victims Fund, the Assets Forfeiture Fund, and the Treasury For-feiture Fund, among other purposes. Federal taxpayer money for the Departments of Jus-tice and Homeland Security should be fo-cused on core responsibilities, with priority given to those activities that are most essen-tial to the Federal Government in this area. The conference agreement calls for $51.0 bil-lion in budget authority and $56.5 billion in outlays in fiscal year 2016. Discretionary budget authority in fiscal year 2016 is $51.2 billion, with outlays of $52.0 billion; direct spending is ¥$196 million in budget author-
ity and $4.5 billion in outlays. Over 10 years, budget authority totals $609.2 billion, and outlays are $614.3 billion. 
General Government: Function 800 
FUNCTION SUMMARY  
The General Government function includes 
the activities of the White House and the Ex-ecutive Office of the President, legislative branch, and programs to carry out the ad-ministrative responsibilities of the Federal Government, including personnel manage-ment, fiscal operations, and property con-trol. 
SENATE RESOLUTION  
The Senate budget resolution calls for $23.8 
billion in budget authority and $23.7 billion in outlays in fiscal year 2016. Discretionary budget authority in fiscal year 2016 totals $17.2 billion, with $17.1 billion in related out-lays. Direct spending is $6.6 billion in budget authority and $6.6 billion in outlays. Over 10 years, budget authority totals $266.3 billion, and outlays are $263.2 billion. 
HOUSE AMENDMENT  
The House amendment advances the idea 
that a government seeking greater efficiency in its programs should demand no less from its own operations. This should be achieved by eliminating waste across Federal Govern-ment branches and agencies wherever pos-sible, in order to scale back government where it has expanded needlessly or beyond its proper role. The amendment provides $23.6 billion in budget authority and outlays for fiscal year 2016. The totals consist of $16.7 billion in discretionary budget authority and outlays, and $6.9 billion in direct spending budget authority and outlays. For fiscal years 2016 through 2025, the function totals are $244.2 billion in budget authority and $244.7 billion in outlays. 
CONFERENCE AGREEMENT  
The conference agreement supports poli-
cies that reduce waste and streamline gov-ernment operations across all Federal Gov-ernment branches and agencies. Function 800 totals amount to $23.2 billion in budget au-thority and $23.0 billion in outlays in fiscal year 2016. Discretionary budget authority and outlays total $17.0 billion in fiscal year 2016. Direct spending budget authority is $6.2 billion in fiscal year 2016, with $6.0 billion in outlays. Over 10 years, budget authority in 
totals $251.3 billion, and outlays are $248.5 billion. 
Net Interest: Function 900 
FUNCTION SUMMARY  
The Net Interest function contains the in-
terest paid to private and foreign govern-ment holders of U.S. Treasury securities. 
This function includes interest on the public debt less the interest received by the Federal Government from trust fund investments and loans to the public. It contains direct payments, with no discretionary compo-nents. 
SENATE RESOLUTION  
The Senate budget resolution calls for 
$274.4 billion in budget authority and $274.4 billion in outlays, all of which are direct spending, in fiscal year 2016. Over 10 years, budget authority totals $4,788.1 billion, and outlays are $4,788.1 billion. These figures re-flect the combined on- and off-budget amounts associated with this function. 
HOUSE AMENDMENT  
The House amendment calls for $274.3 bil-
lion of direct spending for net interest pay-ments in fiscal year 2016. The proposed 10- year total for net interest payments is $4,748.9 billion. 
CONFERENCE AGREEMENT  
The conference agreement calls for $275.3 
billion of direct spending for net interest payments in fiscal year 2016. The proposed 10-year total for net interest payments is $4,757.1 billion. There are no budget policies for this function. 
Allowances: Function 920 
FUNCTION SUMMARY  
The Allowances function displays the 
budgetary effects of proposals that cannot easily be distributed across other budget functions. It contains CBO’s estimate of the budgetary effects of the Budget Control Act’s automatic enforcement provisions for non-defense spending. Function 920 also con-tains government-wide savings. For example, this function includes CBO’s estimate of the macroeconomic feedback effect resulting from the deficit-reduction path assumed in the budget resolution conference agreement. 
SENATE RESOLUTION  
The Senate budget resolution calls for 
¥$12.3 billion in budget authority and ¥$5.6 
billion in outlays in fiscal year 2016. Discre-tionary budget authority in fiscal year 2016 totals ¥$15.2 billion, with ¥$11.5 billion in 
related outlays. Direct spending is $2.8 bil-lion in budget authority and $5.9 billion in outlays. Over 10 years, budget authority to-tals ¥$677.9 billion, and outlays are ¥$630.7 
billion. 
HOUSE AMENDMENT  
The House amendment recommends no 
changes in this function, leaving it instead at the CBO baseline levels. The CBO baseline includes total savings of $33.5 billion in budg-et authority and $17.3 billion in outlays in fiscal year 2016, and $405.7 billion and $357.9 billion in reductions for budget authority and outlays over 10 years, respectively, to re-flect the impact of the Budget Control Act [BCA] on non-defense and non-Medicare spending. The following two components are included in the baseline: 
1. A reduction of $383.4 billion in budget 
authority and $342.4 billion in outlays for non-defense activities, needed to comply with the discretionary spending caps set by section 101 of the BCA; 
2. A $22.3 billion and $15.5 billion reduction 
in budget authority and outlays, respec-tively, to non-Medicare and non-defense di-rect spending programs necessary to comply with the automatic-enforcement procedure (the direct spending sequester) mandated by the BCA. 
CONFERENCE AGREEMENT  
The conference agreement calls for $25.3 
billion in budget authority and $45.5 billion in outlays in fiscal year 2016. Discretionary budget authority in fiscal year 2016 totals 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:13 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29AP7.023 H29APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2559 April 29, 2015 
¥$5.4 billion, with $14.9 billion in related 
outlays. Direct spending budget authority and outlays each total $30.7 billion. Over 10 years, total budget authority is ¥$908.2 bil-
lion, and outlays are ¥$798.6 billion. 
Government-Wide Savings: Function 930 
FUNCTION SUMMARY  
This House category includes various poli-
cies that produce government-wide savings in multiple categories rather than in a sin-gle, specific budget function. 
SENATE RESOLUTION  
The Senate resolution does not contain a 
Function 930. 
HOUSE AMENDMENT  
The resolution calls for spending of $27.5 
billion and $18.4 billion in budget authority and outlays, respectively, in fiscal year 2016. The 10-year totals for budget authority and outlay savings are ¥$496.9 billion and 
¥$418.2 billion, respectively. (The figures ap-
pear in Function 930 in the summary tables.) As is true elsewhere, specific policies will be determined by the appropriate committees of jurisdiction. 
CONFERENCE AGREEMENT  
The conference agreement does not contain 
a Function 930. 
Undistributed Offsetting Receipts: Function 
950 
FUNCTION SUMMARY  
The Undistributed Offsetting Receipts 
function comprises major offsetting receipts items that would distort the funding levels of other functional categories if they were distributed to them. 
SENATE RESOLUTION  
All funding in this function is direct spend-
ing. The Senate budget resolution calls for ¥$86.0 billion in budget authority and out-
lays in fiscal year 2016 (The minus sign indi-cates receipts flowing into the Treasury.). Over 10 years, budget authority totals ¥$1,102.6 billion, with ¥$1,102.8 billion in 
outlays. These figures reflect the combined on- and off-budget amounts associated with this function. 
HOUSE AMENDMENT  
The House amendment examines the man-
agement of Federal fleet vehicles, real-prop-erty, and lands among other assets in an ef-fort to help taxpayers recoup billions of dol-lars devoted to unused government property. The House amendment calls for ¥$90.1 bil-
lion in budget authority and outlays in fiscal year 2016, all of which is direct spending. Over 10 years, budget authority and outlays total ¥$1,154.6 billion. 
CONFERENCE AGREEMENT  
The conference agreement calls for ¥$99.2 
billion in budget authority and outlays for fiscal year 2016. The negative figures reflect receipts flowing into the Treasury. Over 10 years, budget authority and outlays each total ¥$1,292.4 billion. These figures reflect 
the combined on- and off-budget amounts as-sociated with this function. 
Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War 
on Terrorism: Function 970 
FUNCTION SUMMARY  
This function includes funding for the 
prosecution of Overseas Contingency Oper-ations/Global War on Terrorism and other closely related activities. 
SENATE RESOLUTION  
The Senate resolution does not have a 
Function 970. 
HOUSE AMENDMENT  
The amendment assumes $90.0 billion as a 
placeholder estimate of the budgetary re-sources necessary to fulfill the Department of Defense’s war policy, with final decisions 
still pending assessment. Combined with the base resources for National Defense, the fis-cal year 2016 budget provides more than $613 billion in total defense spending for the Global War on Terrorism. The House amend-ment provides for higher total defense re-sources than the President’s request in fiscal year 2016, the President’s 5-year plan, and the President’s 10-year levels. 
This function also estimates $6 billion in 
funding for the activities of civilian agen-cies—primarily the State Department and USAID—as part of the integrated civil-mili-tary strategy for securing American objec-tives in the frontline states. 
The House amendment provides $96.0 bil-
lion in budget authority and $45.4 billion in outlays for fiscal year 2016. The 10-year to-tals for budget authority and outlays are $229.3 billion and $196.6 billion, respectively. 
CONFERENCE AGREEMENT  
The agreement supports overseas contin-
gency operations funding at a level appro-priate to meet the challenges posed by an in-creasingly dangerous security environment, and reflects a realistic ramp-down path for this funding over the budget window. Fund-ing in this function will provide support for military and diplomatic operations to counter the danger from growing global in-stability and threats posed by those who challenge U.S. security interests at home and abroad. The agreement sets the overall allocation for overseas contingency oper-ations funding. The committees of jurisdic-tion will determine the specific policies. 
The conference agreement calls for $96.3 
billion in budget authority and $48.8 billion in outlays in fiscal year 2016. There is no di-rect spending in this function. Over 10 years, budget authority totals $378.2 billion, and outlays are $373.8 billion. 
Across-the-Board Adjustment: Function 990 
FUNCTION SUMMARY  
This House function reflects the impact of 
an across-the-board rescission affecting the Department of Homeland Security that was included in the Consolidated and Further Continuing Appropriations Act, 2015 (Public Law 113–235). 
SENATE RESOLUTION  
The Senate resolution does not contain a 
Function 990. 
HOUSE AMENDMENT  
The CBO baseline for Function 990 includes 
reductions of $241 million in budget author-ity and $226 million in outlays over 10 years. The resolution recommends retaining the baseline levels. 
CONFERENCE AGREEMENT  
The conference agreement does not contain 
a separate Function 990. 
Revenues 
FUNCTION SUMMARY  
Federal revenues are comprised of taxes 
and other collections from the public that result from the Government’s sovereign pow-ers to impose levies under Article I, section 8, clause I of the U.S. Constitution. Federal revenues include individual and corporate in-comes taxes, social insurance taxes, excise taxes, estate and gift taxes, customs duties, and miscellaneous receipts. 
SENATE RESOLUTION  
The Senate budget resolution calls for 
$3,459.5 billion in revenues in fiscal year 2016 ($2,666.8 billion on-budget, $792.8 billion off- budget) and $41,669.7 billion over 10 years ($32,170.6 billion on-budget, $9,499.1 billion off-budget). 
HOUSE AMENDMENT  
The U.S. tax code is notoriously complex, 
patently unfair, and highly inefficient. Its complexity distorts decisions to work, save, 
and invest, which leads to slower economic growth, lower wages, and less job creation. The House amendment proposes to correct the notorious complexity, unfairness, and in-efficiency of U.S. taxes by calling for a re-formed tax code that is simpler and fairer and promotes growth. A revamped tax code could raise just as much revenue as the sys-tem in place today, but without the harmful tax policies embedded in current law, such as the Affordable Care Act. A restructured and more efficient tax code with a broader tax base and lower tax rates also would spark greater economic growth and create more jobs. 
The amendment’s revenue projections— 
$3.459.5 billion in fiscal year 2016 and $41.669.7 billion through fiscal year 2025—are built on such a tax reform model. 
CONFERENCE AGREEMENT  
The U.S. tax code is overly complicated, 
inefficient, and archaic. The current struc-ture hurts economic growth, frustrates working Americans, and pushes American businesses overseas. The conference agree-ment assumes that the tax-writing commit-tees will adopt a tax reform proposal that re-duces marginal rates but broadens the tax base to create a fair, efficient, competitive, and pro-growth tax regime that is revenue neutral. Any revenue-neutral tax reform would include a repeal of the harmful tax in-creases in the President’s health care law. 
The conference agreement calls for reve-
nues of $3,470.7 billion in fiscal year 2016 ($2,676.7 billion on-budget, $794.0 billion off- budget) and $41,750.5 billion over 10 years ($32,237.4 billion on-budget, $9,513.1 billion off-budget). The difference between the con-ference agreement revenues and those of the Senate resolution and House amendment is due to CBO’s March reestimate at projected revenues. The conference agreement con-tains no tax increases. 
RECONCILIATION AND REPORT 
SUBMISSIONS 
The budget resolution conference agree-
ment provides a path for the committees of jurisdiction in the House and Senate through reconciliation to repeal the Affordable Care Act with its burdensome mandates and re-strictions, a first step toward introducing real, patient-centered health care reform. 
SENATE RESOLUTION  
Section 201 of the Senate resolution in-
structs the Finance Committee and the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions each to report, by July 31, 2015, changes in laws within their jurisdictions to reduce the deficit by no less than $1 billion over the 10-year period of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
Section 202 of the resolution prohibits a 
reconciliation bill reported under section 201 from including a provision that would in-crease the statutory debt limit. The prohibi-tion is enforced with a point of order that, if raised, would require an affirmative vote of two-thirds of the Senate to waive. 
HOUSE AMENDMENT  
Section 201 of the House amendment in-
structs 13 authorizing committees to achieve specified amounts of deficit reduction by a deadline of July 15, 2015. 
While the amendment instruction provides 
flexibility as to how the authorizing com-mittees may achieve these savings, it as-sumes savings will be achieved through re-ductions in direct spending. The amounts reconciled are intended to serve as a floor on required savings, not a ceiling. The targets are for the total of the 10-year period of fis-cal years 2016 through 2025. These targets will provide the committees maximum flexi-bility in their savings while ensuring the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:13 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29AP7.024 H29APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2560 April 29, 2015 
budget is balanced within the 10-year win-
dow. 
Each reconciled authorizing committee is 
directed to mark up legislation meeting its reconciliation target and submit legislation to the Committee of the Budget, consistent with section 310 of the Budget Act, instead of reporting it directly to the House. Other than submitting legislation to the Com-mittee on the Budget, committees are ex-pected to follow regular order in complying with House and Committee rules related to markup procedures and reporting require-ments. The Committee on the Budget will then combine all submissions and report the legislation, without substantive revision, to the House. 
Section 202 of the House amendment au-
thorizes the Chair of the Committee on the Budget to: (1) use the baseline underlying the Congressional Budget Office’s [CBO’s] Budget and Economic Outlook: 2015 to 2025 (January 2015) when making estimates of any bill or joint resolution, or any amend-ment thereto or conference report thereon and (2) determine whether to use any adjust-ments to the baseline, if made subsequent to the adoption of this concurrent resolution, when making such estimates. When making such estimates and determining compliance of measures, the Chair of the Committee on the Budget should only exercise this author-ity if such estimates are inaccurate because the adjustments made to the baseline are in-consistent with the assumptions underlying the budgetary levels set forth in this concur-rent resolution. Inaccurate adjustments may include selected adjustments for rulemaking, judicial actions, adjudication, and interpre-tative rules that have major budgetary ef-fects and are inconsistent with the assump-tions underlying the budgetary levels set forth in this concurrent resolution. CBO shall, upon the request of the Chair of the Committee on the Budget, prepare an esti-mate based on the baseline determination made by such Chair. 
Section 202 also stipulates that the author-
izing committees instructed to submit rec-onciliation legislation pursuant to this con-current resolution shall, in preparing sub-missions, note and determine the most effec-tive methods by which the President’s health care law shall be repealed. 
Additionally, section 202 authorizes the 
Chair of the Committee on the Budget to file with the House appropriately revised alloca-tions under section 302(a) of the Budget Act and revised functional levels and aggregates upon: (1) an authorizing committee’s submis-sion to the Committee on the Budget of leg-islation complying with its reconciliation in-structions pursuant to section 310(b) of the Budget Act and (2) the submission of a con-ference report to the House. Section 202 fur-ther stipulates that these revised aggregates and allocations shall be considered to be the allocations and aggregates established by the concurrent resolution on the budget pur-suant to section 310 of the Budget Act. 
Section 203 of the House amendment au-
thorizes the Chair of the Committee on the Budget to submit additional information to help guide the authorizing committees, in-cluding suggested increases in the amount of deficit reduction reconciled to each author-izing committee. 
CONFERENCE AGREEMENT  
The conference agreement affirms the use 
of reconciliation for the sole purpose of re-pealing the President’s job-killing health care law by instructing only those commit-tees with jurisdiction over the health-care- related provisions in the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act of 2010 (Public Law 111–148) and the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010 (Public Law 111– 152). Specifically, the Senate Committees on 
Finance and Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions, and the House Committees on Ways and Means, Education and the Work-force, and Energy and Commerce all received instructions to report changes in laws within their jurisdictions to reduce the deficit by no less than $1 billion over the 10-year period of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
The instructions for Senate committees 
are as follows: 
[Fiscal years 2016–25] 
Committee 10-Year deficit reduction 
Finance ......................................................... $1,000,000,000 
Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions ..... $1,000,000,000 
The Senate retains the Senate-only rule 
against a reconciliation measure that in-creases the public debt limit. The provision applies to reconciliation bills pursuant to this concurrent resolution, and any amend-ment, amendments between the Houses, and conference report thereon. The rule may only be waived by two-thirds of the Senate. 
The instructions for the House are as fol-
lows: 
[Fiscal years 2016–25] 
Committee 10-Year deficit reduction 
Education and the Workforce ...................... $1,000,000,000 
Energy and Commerce ................................. $1,000,000,000 Ways and Means .......................................... $1,000,000,000 
Reconciled committees in the Senate and 
the House of Representatives are instructed to submit their recommendations to their re-spective Budget Committees no later than July 24, 2015. 
The House retains the House-passed provi-
sion clarifying that in the House, for pur-poses of budget enforcement, the Chairman shall use the baseline underlying the March 2015 update to CBO’s Budget and Economic 
Outlook: 2015 to 2025. It further grants the 
Chairman of the Budget Committee the au-thority to determine whether to reflect CBO’s ad hoc adjustments to the baseline subsequent to the adoption of this concur-rent resolution. 
While committees determine the policies 
used to meet their reconciliation targets, the 
conference report retains the House position that the committees take note of the policy statement in the conference report relating to the repeal of the President’s health care law. 
The conference report provides authority 
to the Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the House of Representatives to make adjustments in this concurrent resolu-tion for committees that submit reconcili-ation recommendations and meet their re-spective reconciliation targets. 
BUDGET ENFORCEMENT 
Subtitle A—Budget Enforcement in Both 
Houses 
Point of Order against Legislation Increasing 
Long-Term Deficits or Direct Spending 
SENATE RESOLUTION  
Section 402 of the Senate resolution ex-
tends the current Senate point of order pro-hibiting the consideration of legislation that would increase the on-budget deficit by more than $5 billion in any of the 4 consecutive 10- year periods beginning after the last year covered in the most recently agreed to budg-et resolution. The prohibition is enforced with a point of order that, if raised, could be waived with the affirmative vote of three- fifths of Members, duly chosen and sworn. Paragraph (d) provides an exception for any legislation considered under the reserve fund in section 303(1)—repeal of the President’s health care law. 
HOUSE AMENDMENT  
Section 407 of the House amendment pro-
hibits the consideration of any measure re-ported by an authorizing committee that in-
creases direct spending by $5 billion over the long-term. The prohibition is enforced with a point of order. Subsection (b) states the ap-plicable periods for this section are any of the 4 consecutive 10 fiscal year periods be-ginning in fiscal year 2026. 
CONFERENCE AGREEMENT  
Section 3101 of the conference agreement 
extends the Senate-passed provision to the House and includes an exception in para-graph (d) for reserve funds in sections 4303(1), 4501, 4502, and 4503 of the conference agree-ment relating to repeal of the President’s health care law. In the House the point of order lies against the bill increasing direct spending over the period. 
Allocation for Overseas Contingency Oper-
ations/Global War on Terrorism 
SENATE RESOLUTION  
Section 409 of the Senate resolution estab-
lishes a mechanism allowing the Senate to review the designation for overseas contin-gency operations [OCO] in fiscal years 2016 and 2017. Designations that would cause the total amount of OCO spending in those years to exceed $58 billion and $59.5 billion, respec-tively, would be subject to a point of order, which—if raised—would require 60 votes to waive. If sustained, the offending provision of budget authority would be stricken from the text, but the rest of the measure would remain standing. 
HOUSE AMENDMENT  
Subsection 408(a) of the House amendment 
provides the Committee on Appropriations with two separate OCO/GWOT allocations for 
the purposes of Overseas Contingency Oper-ations/Global War on Terrorism under sec-tion 302(a) of the Budget Act, which are in-cluded in this report in the allocation tables. 
Subsection (b) stipulates that, for purposes 
of enforcing the point of order under section 302(f) of the Budget Act, the ‘‘first fiscal year’’ and the ‘‘total of fiscal years’’ refer to fiscal year 2016 only. This separate alloca-tion is the exclusive allocation for OCO/ GWOT under section 302(a) of the Budget Act. It also stipulates that section 302(c) of the Budget Act does not apply to this sepa-rate allocation. Subsection (c) stipulates that new budget authority or outlays count-ing toward the allocation established by sub-section (a) shall be designated pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budg-et and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
Subsection (d) prohibits any adjustment 
under section 314(a) of the Budget Act if an adjustment would be made under section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of BBEDCA for fiscal year 2016. 
CONFERENCE AGREEMENT  
Section 3102 of the conference agreement 
adopts an approach to Overseas Contingency Operations [OCO] funding similar to the House amendment. A separate 302(a) alloca-tion is provided to each of the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations for the OCO/Global War on Terrorism. Any ap-propriation designated for OCO under Sec-tion 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 would be scored against the 302(a) allocation to the Committees on Appropriations. The OCO allocation may be subdivided into 302(b) sub-allocations and is enforceable under sec-tion 302(f) on the Congressional Budget Act. 
Point of Order against Certain Changes in Man-
datory Programs 
SENATE RESOLUTION  
Section 406 of the Senate resolution phases 
out the use of certain ‘‘CHIMPs’’ (changes in mandatory programs) in appropriation bills that reduce budget authority but do not re-sult in any net outlay savings. For fiscal 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:13 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29AP7.026 H29APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2561 April 29, 2015 
year 2016, the limit on this type of CHIMP is 
$19 billion, the amount contained in fiscal year 2015 appropriations measures. There-after, the limit is reduced by 20 percent per year until fiscal year 2021, when CHIMPs that fail to reduce net outlays are no longer to be permitted in appropriation measures. The limit is enforced with a point of order that, if raised, would require the affirmative vote of three-fifths of Members, duly chosen and sworn. 
HOUSE AMENDMENT  
The House amendment does not contain 
any provisions relating to CHIMPs. 
CONFERENCE AGREEMENT  
Section 3103 of the conference agreement 
gradually reduces the amount of certain changes in mandatory programs [CHIMPs] permitted in appropriations bills from a total of $19.1 billion in fiscal year 2016 to $15 billion in fiscal year 2019. This reduction would apply only to those CHIMPs that (a) would have been classified as affecting direct spending or receipts under section 252 of BBEDCA (as in effect prior to September 30, 2002) if the provision was included in legisla-tion other than an appropriations bill or joint resolution, and (b) reduce budget au-thority but do not result in any net outlay savings over the 10-year budget enforcement window. The reduction in this type of CHIMP is enforced in the Senate with a point of order prohibiting consideration of a bill or joint resolution making appropriations for a full fiscal year, (or an amendment thereto or conference report thereon that would cause the total amount of this type of CHIMP en-acted in a fiscal year to exceed a specific amount: 
Fiscal year 2016 $19,100,000,000 Fiscal year 2017 $19,100,000,000 Fiscal year 2018 $17,000,000,000 Fiscal year 2019 $15,000,000,000 
The Senate point of order, if raised, would 
require the affirmative vote of three-fifths of the Members, duly chosen and sworn, to waive. In the House the point of order lies against the individual provision except for an amendment or conference report in which case it lies against the entire amendment or conference report. For purposes of this sec-tion, the total budget authority of CHIMPs shall be determined on the basis of estimates provided by the Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the applicable House of Congress. 
Point of Order against Provisions that Con-
stitute Changes in Mandatory Programs Af-fecting the Crime Victims Fund 
SENATE RESOLUTION  
Section 410 of the Senate resolution pro-
hibits Senate consideration of any measure that includes CHIMPs that affect the Crime Victims Fund [CVF]. The prohibition would be enforced with a point of order that, if raised, would require the affirmative vote of three-fifth of Members, duly chose and sworn, to waive. If sustained, the offending provision(s) would be stricken, but the rest of the measure would remain standing. 
HOUSE AMENDMENT  
The House amendment does not contain 
any provisions relating to CHIMPs affecting the Crime Victims Fund. 
CONFERENCE AGREEMENT  
Section 3104 of the conference agreement 
limits the use of CHIMPs that affect the CVF to $10.8 billion in fiscal year 2016. This rule only applies to appropriations measures that provide full-year funding for a fiscal year. The reduction in the CVF CHIMP is enforced with a ‘‘surgical strike’’ point of order. If a point of order is raised and sustained against a provision containing a CHIMP affecting the CVF that would cause the total value of all such CHIMPS enacted in relation to a fis-
cal year to exceed the limit, the provision would be stricken from the measure, but the rest of the bill would remain standing. In the House, in the case of an amendment or con-ference report, the point of order would lie against the entire measure. 
For purposes of this section, the absolute 
of the total budget authority of CHIMPs shall be determined on the basis of estimates provided by the Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the applicable House of Congress. 
Section 3104 of the conference agreement 
also directs the Committees on the Budget and Committees on Appropriations of the House and Senate to work with other com-mittees of jurisdiction to review the enforce-ment procedures for CHIMPs in appropria-tions bills—especially those affecting the CVF—and to make a joint recommendation that can be included in subsequent concur-rent resolutions on the budget. 
Fair-Value Credit Estimates 
SENATE RESOLUTION  
For legislation affecting Federal direct 
loan and loan-guarantee programs, section 412 of the Senate resolution directs CBO to provide in its cost estimates an assessment using fair-value—alongside those estimates prepared under the Federal Credit Reform Act. In the Senate, cost estimates prepared using fair-value would be provided for infor-mational purposes only. 
HOUSE AMENDMENT  
Subsection 406(a) of the House amendment 
requires, upon the request of the Chairman or Ranking Member of the Committee on the Budget, that CBO estimates for any measure under the terms of Title V of the Budget Act to include an estimate of the current actual or estimated market values representing the ‘‘fair value’’ of assets and liabilities affected by such measure. 
Subsection (b) requires that, whenever 
CBO prepares an estimate of the cost of leg-islation with a cost related to housing, resi-dential mortgage, or student loan programs, under the Federal Credit Reform Act of 1990, the estimate include an estimate of the ‘‘fair value’’ of the assets and liabilities affected. 
Subsection (c) permits the Chair of the 
Committee on the Budget to use these sup-plemental estimates to determine whether legislation is within the levels of the budget resolution and complies with other budg-etary controls. 
CONFERENCE AGREEMENT  
Section 3105 of the conference agreement 
adopts an approach to fair-value estimates similar to the House amendment. At the re-quest of the Chairman of the Budget Com-mittee of the applicable House, CBO shall prepare, when practicable, a fair-value esti-mate of measures providing or modifying loan and loan guarantee programs scored under the Federal Credit Reform Act. Under this section, CBO is required to provide these fair-value estimates for housing, residential mortgage, and student loan programs. This scoring rule applies to bills, joint resolu-tions, motions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, and conference reports. Section 3105(c) authorizes the Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the House of Representatives to use these supplemental estimates for the purposes of determining budget-related points of order. In the Senate, any fair-value estimates produced under this section may be used for informational pur-poses only. 
Scoring Rule for Currency Modernization 
SENATE RESOLUTION  
Section 414 of the Senate resolution re-
quires CBO to estimate the cost of transitioning from the dollar bill to the dol-
lar coin using net present value and to incor-porate the behavioral effects of that transi-tion in its estimate. 
HOUSE AMENDMENT  
The House amendment does not contain 
any provisions relating to currency mod-ernization. 
CONFERENCE AGREEMENT  
In section 3106 of the conference agree-
ment, the House joins the Senate in adopting the Senate-passed scoring rule relating to currency modernization. 
Long-Term Scoring of Changes in Spending 
Limits and Extension of Highway Programs 
SENATE RESOLUTION  
Section 416 of the Senate resolution directs 
CBO to provide long-term cost estimates for: (1) legislation that would increase the statu-tory discretionary spending limits, and (2) legislation that would transfer amounts from the General Fund of the Treasury to the Highway Trust Fund. Under this rule, CBO would provide estimates of the in-creased spending—and the offsets—for the scoring window (fiscal years 2016 through 2025) as well as the 20 years beyond (fiscal years 2026 through 2045). 
HOUSE AMENDMENT  
The House amendment does not contain 
any provisions relating to long-term scoring of changes in spending limits and extension of highway programs. 
CONFERENCE AGREEMENT  
In section 3107 of the conference agree-
ment, the House joins the Senate in adopting the Senate-passed rule. 
Requiring Clearer Reporting of Projected Fed-
eral Spending and Deficits 
SENATE RESOLUTION  
Section 417 of the Senate resolution re-
quires CBO to provide 30-year projections of three key budget aggregates—revenues, out-lays, and deficits—in current dollars and as a percent of GDP when CBO publishes its an-nual Budget and Economic Outlook. 
HOUSE AMENDMENT  
The House amendment does not contain 
any provisions relating to clearer reporting of projected Federal spending and deficits. 
CONFERENCE AGREEMENT  
In section 3108 of the conference agree-
ment, the House joins the Senate in adopting the reporting requirement. 
Congressional Budget Office Estimates of Meas-
ures with Significant Outlay Effects 
SENATE RESOLUTION  
Section 419 of the Senate resolution re-
quires CBO to provide outyear estimates of legislation that would (1) increase or de-crease outlays by more than 0.25 percent of GDP over the 10-year period of the enforce-ment window, or (2) that would have the same significant impact on outlays, but in the 10th year alone. In the event that the budgetary effects of a measure are not suffi-cient to automatically trigger the outyear cost estimates, the Chairman of the Budget Committee has the authority to request an estimate. 
HOUSE AMENDMENT  
The House amendment does not contain 
any provisions relating to CBO estimates of measures with significant outlay effects. 
CONFERENCE AGREEMENT  
In section 3109 of the conference agree-
ment, the House joins the Senate-passed rule regarding supplemental estimates. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:13 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29AP7.027 H29APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2562 April 29, 2015 
Prohibiting the Use of Guarantee Fees as an 
Offset 
SENATE RESOLUTION  
Section 421 of the Senate resolution pro-
hibits consideration of legislation that in-creases or extends an increase of any guar-antee fees of the Federal National Mortgage Association [FNMA] and the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation [FHLMC]. Guar-antee fees are collected to offset prospective FNMA and FHLMC credit losses, and using these fees as an offset merely double-counts the funds collected. 
HOUSE AMENDMENT  
The House amendment does not contain 
any provisions relating to CBO estimates of measures with significant outlay effects. 
CONFERENCE AGREEMENT  
In section 3110 of the conference agree-
ment, the House joins the Senate rule pro-hibiting the use of guarantee fees as an off-set. 
Information for Congress and the Public about 
Projected Federal Outlays, Revenues, and Deficits 
SENATE RESOLUTION  
Section 423 of the Senate resolution directs 
CBO to produce a one-page executive sum-mary of its annual Budget and Economic Outlook that includes current-year and fu-ture-year projections of key budget aggre-gates (total outlays, tax expenditures, re-ceipts, surpluses/deficits) and categories of spending (total mandatory spending and total discretionary spending; Social Security outlays, revenues, and surpluses/deficits; and Medicare outlays, revenues, and surpluses/ deficits. 
HOUSE AMENDMENT  
The House amendment does not contain 
any provisions relating to information for Congress and the public about projected Fed-eral outlays, revenue and deficits. 
CONFERENCE AGREEMENT  
In section 3111 of the conference agree-
ment, the House joins the Senate rule direct-ing CBO to provide additional information in its annual Budget and Economic Outlook re-port to Congress. 
Honest Accounting: Cost Estimates for Major 
Legislation to Incorporate Macroeconomic Effects 
SENATE RESOLUTION  
Section 413 of the Senate resolution directs 
the Joint Committee on Taxation and CBO to produce, alongside CBO’s conventional es-timates, cost estimates that incorporate the macroeconomic effects of major policy changes. These estimates would be provided for informational purposes only. 
HOUSE AMENDMENT  
Sections 401(a) and (b) of the House amend-
ment directs CBO and the Joint Committee on Taxation, as applicable, to incorporate in the cost estimates for major legislation, to the extent practicable, the macroeconomic effects of such legislation during fiscal year 2016. 
Subsection (c) stipulates that the macro-
economic estimates include, to the extent practicable, a qualitative assessment of the budgetary effects (including the variables re-ferred to above) of major legislation in the 20-fiscal-year period beginning after the last fiscal year of the most recently agreed-to budget resolution and an identification of the assumptions and source data underlying the estimate. 
Subsection (d) defines major legislation to 
include legislation that causes a gross budg-etary effect in any fiscal year covered by the budget resolution equal to or greater than 0.25 percent of the current projected GDP of the United States for that fiscal year. Under 
this subsection, the Chairman of the Com-mittee on the Budget of the House or Senate and the Chair of the Joint Committee on Taxation, as applicable, may designate bills providing direct spending as major legisla-tion for which estimates would incorporate macroeconomic effects. 
CONFERENCE AGREEMENT  
Section 3112 of the conference agreement 
directs the Joint Committee on Taxation and CBO to produce, alongside CBO’s conven-tional estimates, cost estimates that incor-porate the macroeconomic effects of major policy changes. Subsection (c) defines major legislation as a bill, resolution, conference report, or treaty causing an increase or de-crease in revenues, direct spending, or defi-cits in any fiscal year covered by the budget resolution equal to or greater than 0.25 per-cent of the projected GDP for that year or equal to or greater than $15 billion for that year for treaties. In applying these thresh-olds, CBO and JCT are required to look at the gross budgetary effects of the legislation before incorporating macroeconomic effects and not including timing shifts. 
In carrying out this requirement, the man-
agers intend that CBO and JCT review provi-sions that have a significant budgetary ef-fect. Thus, the test is whether the absolute value of the effect of any provision in the legislation has a budgetary effect larger than the threshold, or if the sum of the absolute values of the effects of the provisions on rev-enues and on direct spending exceeds the threshold, rather than whether the legisla-tion taken as a whole equals or exceeds such threshold values when all of the convention-ally estimated costs of the provisions are netted out. 
In the Senate, these estimates would be 
provided for informational purposes only. In the House, the Chair of the Committee on the Budget shall exercise the authority granted under subsection (c)(1)(B)(ii), in col-laboration with the appropriate Chair or Vice Chair of the Joint Committee on Tax-ation, to designate a revenue measure as major legislation. 
Subtitle B—Budget Enforcement in the 
Senate 
Extension of Enforcement of Budgetary Points 
of Order in the Senate 
SENATE RESOLUTION  
Section 401(a) of the Senate resolution ex-
tends several supermajority points of order created in the Congressional Budget Act. These provisions will expire at the end of fis-cal year 2016. Subsection (b) repeals the sun-set of the Senate Pay-As-You-Go point of order established in section 201 S. Con. Res. 21 (110th Congress), the fiscal year 2008 con-current resolution on the budget. Subsection (c) repeals the sunset of the short-term defi-cits point of order established in section 404 of S. Con. Res. 13 (111th Congress), the fiscal year 2010 concurrent resolution on the budg-et. 
HOUSE AMENDMENT  
The House-passed resolution does not con-
tain a comparable provision on Senate en-forcement of supermajority points of order. 
CONFERENCE AGREEMENT  
Section 3201 of the conference agreement 
adopts the Senate language as a Senate-only provision. 
Point of Order against Advance Appropriations 
SENATE RESOLUTION  
As in past years, section 403 of the Senate 
resolution provides a supermajority point of order in the Senate against appropriations in fiscal year 2016 bills that would become ef-fective in any year after fiscal year 2016, and against appropriation bills in fiscal year 2017 
that would first become available in any year after fiscal year 2017. It does not apply to appropriations for the Corporation for Public Broadcasting or Department of Vet-erans Affairs for the Medical Services, Med-ical Support and Compliance, and Medical Facilities accounts of the Veterans Health Administration. It provides an exemption up to $28.852 billion (the same level as provided for fiscal years 2014 and 2015 in the Bipar-tisan Budget Act of 2013, P.L. 113-67) for ac-counts identified in the joint explanatory statement of managers. 
HOUSE AMENDMENT  
Section 405 of the House amendment pro-
vides a limit on appropriations that would become effective in fiscal year 2017. Sub-section (a) prohibits the consideration of any general or continuing appropriations meas-ure from making advance appropriations un-less the appropriation is included in a list of exceptions. 
Subsection (b) specifies the list of excluded 
accounts, which may receive advance appro-priations, are referred to in this report or joint explanatory statement, as applicable, in the section designated as ‘‘Accounts Iden-tified for Advance Appropriations.’’ 
Subsection (c) sets an overall limit for al-
lowable advance appropriations for fiscal year 2017. It permits advance appropriations of up to $63.271 billion for fiscal year 2017 for the veterans accounts referenced in sub-section (b) and referred to in this report. It also allows up to $28.852 billion in advance appropriations for other accounts referenced in subsection (b) and referred to in this re-port. 
Subsection (d) defines an advance appro-
priation as any new discretionary budget au-thority provided in a bill, joint resolution, amendment, or conference report making general or continuing appropriations for a fiscal year following fiscal year 2016. 
CONFERENCE AGREEMENT  
Under the conference agreement, the Sen-
ate (in section 3202) and the House (in sec-tion 3304) retain their respective limits on advance appropriations. 
IN THE SENATE ACCOUNTS IDENTIFIED FOR  
ADVANCE APPROPRIATIONS IN THE SENATE  
Financial Services and General Government 
Payment to Postal Service 
Labor, Health and Human Services, and Edu-
cation 
Employment and Training Administration 
Job Corps Education for the Disadvantaged School Improvement Special Education Career, Technical, and Adult Education 
Transportation, Housing, and Urban Develop-
ment 
Tenant-based Rental Assistance 
Project-based Rental Assistance 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
ACCOUNTS IDENTIFIED FOR ADVANCE APPRO -
PRIATIONS FOR FISCAL YEAR 2017 SUBJECT TO  
A GENERAL LIMIT OF $28 ,852,000,000 
Financial Services 
Postal Service 
Labor, Health and Human Services, and Edu-
cation 
Employment and Training Administration 
Education for the Disadvantaged School Improvement Career, Technical, and Adult Education Special Education 
Transportation, Housing and Urban Develop-
ment 
Tenant-based Rental Assistance 
Project-based Rental Assistance 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:13 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29AP7.028 H29APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2563 April 29, 2015 
VETERANS ACCOUNTS IDENTIFIED FOR ADVANCE  
APPROPRIATIONS FOR FISCAL YEAR 2017 SUB -
JECT TO A SEPARATE LIMIT OF $63 ,271,000,000 
Military Construction, Veterans Affairs 
Veterans Medical Services 
Veterans Medical Support and Compliance Veterans Medical Facilities 
Supermajority Enforcement of Unfunded Man-
dates 
SENATE RESOLUTION  
Section 425(a) of the Congressional Budget 
Act prohibits the consideration of legislation in the Senate that would impose unfunded Federal mandates on State and local govern-ments above a certain limit, enforced with a point of order. Section 404 of the Senate res-olution increases the vote threshold needed to waive that point of order from a simple majority to three-fifths of Members, duly chosen and sworn. 
HOUSE AMENDMENT  
The House amendment does not contain a 
comparable provision relating to unfunded mandates. 
CONFERENCE AGREEMENT  
Section 3203 of the conference agreement 
adopts the Senate language relating to un-funded mandates as a Senate-only provision. 
Point of Order against Certain Reconciliation 
Legislation 
SENATE RESOLUTION  
Section 405 of the Senate resolution re-
stores the equal treatment of all reconcili-ation bills consistent with budget law prior to 2008 by repealing the point of order pro-hibiting consideration of reconciliation bills that increase the deficit found in section 202(a) of S. Con. Res. 21, the fiscal year 2008 budget resolution. 
HOUSE AMENDMENT  
Section 410(a)(3) of the House amendment 
would—for purposes of a reconciliation bill reported pursuant to this concurrent resolu-tion on the budget—temporarily suspend the application of the point of order prohibiting consideration of reconciliation bills that in-crease the deficit, found in section 202(a) of S. Con. Res. 21, the fiscal year 2008 budget resolution. 
CONFERENCE AGREEMENT  
Section 3204 of the conference agreement 
adopts the Senate language relating to the point of order against certain reconciliation bills. 
Prohibition on Agreeing to Legislation without 
a Score 
SENATE RESOLUTION  
Section 407 of the Senate resolution pro-
hibits a vote on passage of a bill or resolu-tion unless the CBO cost estimate required for that measure (pursuant to section 402 of the Congressional Budget Act) is available on CBO’s website at least 28 hours before a vote on final passage. The prohibition is en-forced with point of order that, if raised, would require the affirmative vote of three- fifths of Members, duly chosen and sworn, to waive. 
HOUSE AMENDMENT  
The House amendment does not contain a 
comparable provision relating to agreeing to legislation without a score. 
CONFERENCE AGREEMENT  
Section 3205 of the conference agreement 
adopts the Senate language relating to agreeing to legislation without a score as a Senate-only provision. 
Protecting the Savings in Reported Reconcili-
ation Bills 
SENATE RESOLUTION  
In the House, amendments to a reconcili-
ation bill must be deficit-neutral with re-spect to the reported savings in the bill, not 
the instructed savings in the affiliated budg-et resolution. The House rule ensures that if a reconciliation bill exceeds its fiscal target, those ‘‘extra’’ savings will be used for deficit reduction, not to increase spending. Section 408 of the Senate resolution applies the House rule in the Senate. 
HOUSE AMENDMENT  
The House does not have a comparable pro-
vision relating to the reported savings in a reconciliation bill (the rule already applies in the House). 
CONFERENCE AGREEMENT  
Section 3206 of the conference agreement 
adopts the Senate language relating to the reported savings in a reconciliation bill as a Senate-only provision. 
Scoring Rule for Certain Energy Contracts 
SENATE RESOLUTION  
Section 415 of the Senate resolution directs 
CBO to score energy savings performance contracts using net present value—a method that more accurately represents the eco-nomic value of these transactions. 
HOUSE AMENDMENT  
The House amendment does not have a 
comparable provision relating to scoring en-ergy savings performance contracts. 
CONFERENCE AGREEMENT  
Section 3207 of the conference agreement 
adopts the Senate language on energy sav-ings performance contracts as a Senate-only provision. 
In section 3305 of the conference agree-
ment, the House agrees to assess the imple-mentation of section 3207 through a collabo-rative assessment, in conjunction with the Senate and CBO, of the appropriate scorekeeping methodology for evaluating the budgetary effects of this type of energy con-tract. 
Adjustment for Wildfire Suppression Funding 
SENATE RESOLUTION  
If a bill becomes law that provides a new 
discretionary spending cap adjustment for wildfire suppression, section 424 of the Sen-ate resolution gives the Senate Budget Com-mittee Chairman the authority to adjust the 302(a) allocation to the Appropriations Com-mittee accordingly. 
HOUSE AMENDMENT  
The House amendment does not have a 
comparable provision relating to wildfire suppression funding. 
CONFERENCE AGREEEMENT  
Section 3208 of the conference agreement 
adopts the Senate language as a Senate-only provision. 
Subtitle C—Budget Enforcement in the 
House of Representatives 
Limitation on Measures Affecting Social Secu-
rity Solvency 
SENATE RESOLUTION  
The Senate resolution does not have a 
comparable provision relating to Social Se-curity (a Senate point of order already exists in section 311(a)(3) of the Congressional Budget Act). 
HOUSE AMENDMENT  
Subsection 402(a) prohibits, during fiscal 
year 2016, consideration in the House of Rep-resentatives or the Senate of any legislation that reduces the actuarial balance of the Federal Old-Age and Survivors Insurance [OASI] Trust Fund by at least .01 percent of the present value of future taxable payroll for the 75-year period included in the most recent annual report of the board of trustees. 
Subsection (b) provides an exception if 
such legislation would improve the actuarial balance of the combined balance in the OASI Trust Fund and the Federal Disability Insur-
ance Trust Fund for the 75-year period uti-lized in the most recent annual report of the board of trustees. 
CONFERENCE AGREEMENT  
The House point of order is not germane to 
a budget resolution in the Senate. Section 3301 of the conference agreement adopts the language of the House amendment as a House-only provision. 
Limitation on Transfers from the General Fund 
to the Highway Trust Fund 
SENATE RESOLUTION  
The reserve fund in section 309 of the Sen-
ate resolution allows the Chairman of the Committee on the Budget in the Senate to revise the allocations of one or more com-mittees, the aggregates, and other appro-priate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between Houses, or motions re-lating to Federal investment in the infra-structure of the United States, provided that such legislation shall not include transfers from other trust funds but may include transfers from the general fund that are off-set, provided further that such legislation would not increase the deficit either over the period of the total of the fiscal years 2016 through 2020, or the period of the total of the fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
HOUSE AMENDMENT  
Section 404 of the House amendment stipu-
lates that, for purposes of budget enforce-ment, transfers of funds from the general fund of the Treasury to the Highway Trust Fund shall be counted as new budget author-ity and outlays equal to the amount of the transfer in the fiscal year in which the trans-fer occurs. 
CONFERENCE AGREEMENT  
Under the conference agreement, the Sen-
ate (in section 4309) and the House (in sec-tion 3302) retain their respective language on general fund transfers to the Highway Trust Fund. 
Adjustments for the Improved Control of Budg-
etary Resources 
SENATE RESOLUTION  
The Senate resolution does not have a 
comparable provision relating to the im-proved control of budgetary resources. 
HOUSE AMENDMENT  
Subsection 409(a) of the House amendment 
authorizes the chairman of the Budget Com-mittee to reduce a committee’s allocation (other than the Committee on Appropria-tions) and increase the Committee on Appro-priations allocation of discretionary spend-ing for fiscal year 2016 if a committee (other than Appropriations) reports legislation that decreases direct spending in any fiscal year and authorizes appropriations for the same purpose. Subsection (b) provides the Chair of the Committee on the Budget with the au-thority to determine and adjust, as applica-ble, the budgetary levels of this concurrent resolution on the budget. 
CONFERENCE AGREEMENT  
Section 3303 of the conference agreement 
adopts the House amendment language as a House-only provision. 
Point of Order against Advance Appropriations 
SENATE RESOLUTION  
As in past years, section 403 of the Senate 
resolution provides a supermajority point of order in the Senate against appropriations in fiscal year 2016 bills that would become ef-fective in any year after fiscal year 2016, and against appropriation bills in fiscal year 2017 that would first become available in any year after fiscal year 2017. It does not apply to appropriations for the Corporation for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:13 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29AP7.030 H29APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2564 April 29, 2015 
Public Broadcasting or Department of Vet-
erans Affairs for the Medical Services, Med-ical Support and Compliance, and Medical Facilities accounts of the Veterans Health Administration. It provides an exemption up to $28.852 billion (the same level as provided for fiscal years 2014 and 2015 in the Bipar-tisan Budget Act of 2013, P.L. 113-67) for ac-counts identified in the joint explanatory statement of managers. 
HOUSE AMENDMENT  
Section 405 of the House amendment pro-
vides a limit on appropriations that would become effective in fiscal year 2017. Sub-section (a) prohibits the consideration of any general or continuing appropriations meas-ure from making advance appropriations un-less the appropriation is included in a list of exceptions. 
Subsection (b) specifies the list of excluded 
accounts, which may receive advance appro-priations, are referred to in this report or joint explanatory statement, as applicable, in the section designated as ‘‘Accounts Iden-tified for Advance Appropriations.’’ 
Subsection (c) sets an overall limit for al-
lowable advance appropriations for fiscal year 2017. It permits advance appropriations of up to $63.271 billion for fiscal year 2017 for the veterans accounts referenced in sub-section (b) and referred to in this report. It also allows up to $28.852 billion in advance appropriations for other accounts referenced in subsection (b) and referred to in this re-port. 
Subsection (d) defines an advance appro-
priation as any new discretionary budget au-thority provided in a bill, joint resolution, amendment, or conference report making general or continuing appropriations for a fiscal year following fiscal year 2016. 
CONFERENCE AGREEMENT  
Under the conference agreement, the Sen-
ate (in section 3202) and the House (in sec-tion 3304) retain their respective limits on advance appropriations. 
IN THE SENATE  
ACCOUNTS IDENTIFIED FOR ADVANCE  
APPROPRIATIONS IN THE SENATE  
Financial Services and General Government 
Payment to Postal Service 
Labor, Health and Human Services, and Edu-
cation 
Employment and Training Administration 
Job Corps Education for the Disadvantaged School Improvement Special Education Career, Technical, and Adult Education 
Transportation, Housing and Urban Develop-
ment 
Tenant-based Rental Assistance 
Project-based Rental Assistance 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
ACCOUNTS IDENTIFIED FOR ADVANCE APPRO -
PRIATIONS FOR FISCAL YEAR 2017 SUBJECT TO  
A GENERAL LIMIT OF $28 ,852,000,000 
Financial Services 
Postal Service 
Labor, Health and Human Services, and Edu-
cation 
Employment and Training Administration 
Education for the Disadvantaged School Improvement Career, Technical, and Adult Education Special Education 
Transportation, Housing and Urban Develop-
ment 
Tenant-based Rental Assistance 
Project-based Rental Assistance 
VETERANS ACCOUNTS IDENTIFIED FOR ADVANCE  
APPROPRIATIONS FOR FISCAL YEAR 2017 SUB -
JECT TO A SEPARATE LIMIT OF $63 ,271,000,000 
Military Construction, Veterans Affairs 
Veterans Medical Services Veterans Medical Support and Compliance 
Veterans Medical Facilities 
Subtitle D—Other Provisions 
Submission of Findings for the Elimination of 
Waste, Fraud, and Abuse 
SENATE RESOLUTION  
Section 431 of the Senate resolution directs 
Senate committees to identify waste, fraud, abuse, and duplication in Federal programs and to review matters identified by the Gov-ernment Accountability Office, or GAO (in GAO’s annual duplication report or its High Risk list) for consideration by Congress. In addition, the resolution asks committees to provide recommendations for improved gov-ernmental performance in their annual views and estimates reports. 
HOUSE AMENDMENT  
Section 301 of the House amendment in-
cludes reconciliation-like instructions to named House committees to submit to the Committee on the Budget of the House of Representatives no later than October 1, 2015, changes in laws within their jurisdic-tion that would achieve a targeted amount of savings from the elimination of waste, fraud, and abuse. Savings targets for each committee would be published in the Con-gressional Record by the Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the House. 
CONFERENCE AGREEMENT  
Section 3401 of the conference agreement 
adopts the language in the Senate resolution with some modifications. Subsection (a) of the conference agreement directs all com-mittees of the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives to review programs within their jurisdiction and identify waste, fraud, abuse, or duplication, and increase the use of per-formance data to inform each committee’s work. 
Section 3401(b) also directs all committees 
of the Senate and House of Representatives to review applicable matters for congres-sional consideration identified in the Office of Inspector General semiannual reports and the Office of Inspector General’s list of unimplemented recommendations and on the Government Accountability Office’s High Risk list and annual report to reduce pro-gram duplication. 
Section 3401(c) further directs all commit-
tees of the Senate and House of Representa-tives, after completing the oversight and performance reviews required under this sec-tion, to include recommendations for im-proved governmental performance in their annual views and estimates reports sub-mitted by the committees to the Commit-tees on the Budget of the Senate and House of Representatives, as applicable, under sec-tion 301(d) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 632(d)). 
Budgetary Treatment of Administrative Ex-
penses 
SENATE RESOLUTION  
Section 432 of the Senate resolution re-
quires the joint explanatory statement ac-companying the conference report on the budget resolution to include amounts for the discretionary administrative expenses of the Social Security Administration and the United States Postal Service—which are sub-ject to the discretionary spending caps—in the allocation to the Appropriations Com-mittee. 
HOUSE AMENDMENT  
Section 403(a) of the House amendment de-
clares that the administrative expenses of the Social Security Administration and the United States Postal Service are reflected in the allocation to the Committee on Appro-priations even though both are technically off-budget. This language is necessary to en-sure the Committee on Appropriations re-
tains control over administrative expenses through the annual appropriations process. This budgetary treatment of administrative expenses is based on the long-term practice of the House and Senate Budget Committees. 
Subsection (b) requires the administrative 
expenses to be included in the cost estimates for the relevant appropriations measure, which are used to determine if a measure ex-ceeds the spending limits in the budget reso-lution and, as a result, subject to points of order. 
CONFERENCE AGREEMENT  
Section 3402 of the conference agreement 
adopts the language in the House resolution with a minor modification that strikes the reference to the point of order in section 311 of the Congressional Budget Act. 
Application and Effect of Changes in Alloca-
tions and Aggregates 
SENATE RESOLUTION  
Section 433 of the Senate resolution directs 
that (1) adjustments of allocations and ag-gregates made under the authority of a re-serve fund or other directive will apply while a measure is under consideration, take effect once the measure is enacted, and be pub-lished in the Congressional Record; (2) revi-sions to allocations and aggregates will be considered as if contained in this budget res-olution, for enforcement purposes; and (3) Budget Committee estimates will serve as the basis for determining new levels of budg-et authority, outlays, direct spending, new entitlement authority, revenues, deficits, and surpluses. 
HOUSE AMENDMENT  
Section 410(a) of the House-passed resolu-
tion sets forth allocation and adjustment procedures required to accommodate legisla-tion provided for in this concurrent resolu-tion. It declares that these adjustments apply while the legislation is under consider-ation and become permanent upon enact-ment of the legislation. These adjustments must be printed in the Congressional Record. 
Paragraph 410(a)(3) includes a provision 
temporarily suspending the Senate point of order against certain reconciliation bills. 
Section 410(b) stipulates that in the House 
of Representatives, for purposes of this con-current resolution and budget enforcement, any legislation for which the Chair of the Committee on the Budget of the House of Representatives makes an adjustment or re-vision in the allocations, aggregates, and other budgetary levels of this concurrent resolution shall not be subject to the points of order set forth in clause 10 of rule XXI of the Rules of the House of Representatives (CUT-GO). 
CONFERENCE AGREEMENT  
Section 3403 retains the Senate language 
but adopts House subsection 410(b) per-taining to Rule XXI of the House of Rep-resentatives (CUT-GO). 
Adjustments to Reflect Changes in Concepts and 
Definitions 
SENATE RESOLUTION  
Section 434 of the Senate resolution de-
clares that in the event Congress enacts a bill or joint resolution that changes concepts or definitions, the Senate resolution provides the Budget Committee Chairman with the authority to change levels and allocations in this resolution, accordingly. 
HOUSE AMENDMENT  
Section 410 (a) of the House amendment de-
clares that in the event Congress enacts a bill or joint resolution that changes concepts or definitions, the Senate resolution provides the Budget Committee Chairman with the authority to change levels and allocations in this resolution, accordingly 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:13 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29AP7.031 H29APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2565 April 29, 2015 
CONFERENCE AGREEMENT  
Both the Senate and House resolutions in-
clude traditional language giving the Chair-man of the Budget Committee the authority to make changes to the level and committee allocations in the event legislation becomes law that changes key budgetary concepts or definitions. In section 3404 of the conference agreement, the House joins the Senate lan-guage relating to changes in concepts and definitions. 
Exercise of Rulemaking Powers 
SENATE RESOLUTION  
Section 435 of the Senate resolution de-
clares that the provisions in Title III of the resolution are promulgated under the Sen-ate’s rulemaking power and shall be consid-ered part of the rules of the Senate. 
HOUSE AMENDMENT  
Section 411 of the House amendment af-
firms that the adoption of the budget resolu-tion is an exercise of the House’s rulemaking power and that the House has the constitu-tional right to change these rules. 
CONFERENCE AGREEMENT  
In section 3405 of the conference agree-
ment, the House joins the Senate language relating to rulemaking powers of this resolu-tion 
PAY-AS-YOU-GO SCORECARD FOR THE SENATE  
REFLECTING LEVELS FOR THE CONFERENCE  
AGREEMENT  
Period of the current fiscal year, the budg-
et year, and the 4 fiscal years following the budget year: $0. 
Period of the current fiscal year, the budg-
et year, and the 9 fiscal years following the budget year: $0. 
RESERVE FUNDS 
The Budget Committee does not have the 
authority to authorize policy changes—that is the role of the authorizing committees. Committees often make some of their policy priorities known in their views and esti-mates letters, and reserve funds are a way to accommodate those requests when the spe-cific spending and revenue contours of those policies are unknown. 
Operatively, a reserve fund allows the 
Chairman of the Budget Committee to revise committee allocations, budgetary aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in the budget resolution to accommodate legisla-tion described in the reserve fund, provided the budgetary effects of that legislation sat-isfy the requirements enumerated. 
SENATE RESOLUTION  
Section 301. Spending-neutral reserve fund 
to increase the pace of economic growth and private sector job creation in the United States. 
Section 302. Deficit-neutral reserve fund to 
strengthen America’s priorities. 
Section 303. Deficit-neutral reserve fund to 
protect flexible and affordable health care choices for all. 
Section 304. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
for improving access to the children’s health insurance program. 
Section 305. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
for other health reforms. 
Section 306. Spending-neutral reserve fund 
for child welfare. 
Section 307. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
for veterans and servicemembers. 
Section 308. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
for tax reform and administration. 
Section 309. Deficit-neutral reserve fund to 
invest in the infrastructure in America. 
Section 310. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
for air transportation. 
Section 311. Deficit-neutral reserve fund to 
promote jobs in the United States through international trade. Section 312. Deficit-neutral reserve fund to 
increase employment opportunities for dis-abled workers. 
Section 313. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
for higher education act reform. 
Section 314. Spending-neutral reserve fund 
for energy legislation. 
Section 315. Deficit-neutral reserve fund to 
reform environmental statutes. 
Section 316. Spending-neutral reserve fund 
for water resources legislation. 
Section 317. Spending-neutral reserve fund 
on mineral security and mineral rights. 
Section 318. Spending-neutral reserve fund 
to reform the abandoned mine lands pro-gram. 
Section 319. Spending-neutral reserve fund 
to improve forest health. 
Section 320. Spending-neutral reserve fund 
to reauthorize funding for payments in lieu of taxes to counties and other units of local government. 
Section 321. Spending-neutral reserve fund 
for financial regulatory system reform. 
Section 322. Deficit-neutral reserve fund to 
improve Federal program administration. 
Section 323. Spending-neutral reserve fund 
to implement agreements with freely associ-ated states. 
Section 324. Spending-neutral reserve fund 
to protect payments to rural hospitals and create sustainable access for rural commu-nities. 
Section 325. Spending-neutral reserve fund 
to encourage State Medicaid demonstration programs to promote independent living and integrated work for the disabled. 
Section 326. Spending-neutral reserve fund 
to allow pharmacists to be paid for the provi-sion of services under Medicare. 
Section 327. Spending-neutral reserve fund 
to improve our Nation’s community health centers. 
Section 328. Spending-neutral reserve fund 
relating to the funding of independent agen-cies, which may include subjecting the Con-sumer Financial Protection Bureau to the regular appropriations process. 
Section 329. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
for export promotion. 
Section 330. Spending-neutral reserve fund 
to reform, improve, and enhance section 529 college savings plans. 
Section 331. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
relating to securing overseas diplomatic fa-cilities of the United States. 
Section 332. Deficit-neutral reserve fund to 
achieve savings by helping struggling Ameri-cans on the road to personal and financial independence. 
Section 333. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
relating to conserving Federal land, enhanc-ing access to Federal land for recreational opportunities, and making investments in counties and schools. 
Section 334. Deficit-neutral reserve fund to 
protect taxpayers from identity fraud. 
Section 335. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
relating to career and technical education. 
Section 336. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
relating to FEMA preparedness. 
Section 337. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
relating to expanding, enhancing, or other-wise improving science, technology, engi-neering, and mathematics. 
Section 338. Deficit-neutral reserve fund to 
promote the next generation of NIH re-searchers in the United States. 
Section 339. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
relating to promoting manufacturing in the United States. 
Section 340. Spending-neutral reserve fund 
to prohibit aliens without legal status in the United States from qualifying for a refund-able tax credit. 
Section 341. Deficit-reduction reserve fund 
for report elimination or modification. 
Section 342. Deficit-neutral reserve fund to 
address heroin and prescription opioid abuse. Section 343. Deficit-neutral reserve fund to 
strengthen Department of Defense civilian workforce. 
Section 344. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
for Department of Defense reform. 
Section 345. Deficit-neutral reserve fund to 
improve Federal workforce development, job training, and reemployment programs. 
Section 346. Deficit-neutral reserve fund to 
provide energy assistance and invest in en-ergy efficiency and conservation. 
Section 347. Deficit-neutral reserve fund to 
enable greater collaboration between the De-partment of Veterans Affairs and law school clinics serving veterans. 
Section 348. Deficit-neutral reserve fund to 
increase funding for Department of Energy nuclear waste cleanup. 
Section 349. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
relating to Department of Defense initia-tives to bolster resilience of mission-critical department infrastructure to impacts from climate change and associated events. 
Section 350. Deficit-neutral reserve fund to 
end Operation Choke Point and protect the 
Second Amendment. 
Section 351. Deficit-neutral reserve fund to 
prevent the use of Federal funds for the bail-out of improvident State and local govern-ments. 
Section 352. Deficit-neutral reserve fund to 
protect Medicaid beneficiaries from benefit cuts. 
Section 353. Deficit-neutral reserve fund to 
improve health outcomes and lower the costs of caring for medically complex children in Medicaid. 
Section 354. Deficit-neutral reserve fund to 
protect and strengthen the Department of Veterans Affairs, hire more health care pro-fessionals for the department, and ensure quality and timely access to health care for all veterans. 
Section 355. Deficit-neutral reserve fund to 
maintain and enhance access, choice, and ac-countability in veterans care through the Veterans Choice Card program. 
Section 356. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
relating to promoting equal pay. 
Section 357. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
relating to legislation submitted to Congress by the President of the United States to pro-tect and strengthen Social Security. 
Section 358. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
relating to a simplified income-driven stu-dent loan repayment option. 
Section 359. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
relating to the protection of clean water using scientific standards while maintaining the traditional role of agriculture. 
Section 360. Spending-neutral reserve fund 
relating to keeping the Federal Water Pollu-tion Control Act focused on the protection of water quality. 
Section 361. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
relating to saving Medicare. 
Section 362. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
relating to supporting Israel. 
Section 363. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
for legislation to allow Americans to earn paid sick time. 
Section 364. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
relating to providing health care to veterans who have geographic inaccessibility to care. 
Section 365. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
relating to increasing access to higher edu-cation for low-income Americans through the Federal Pell Grant program. 
Section 366. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
relating to consumer price transparency. 
Section 367. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
relating to transparency in health premium billing. 
Section 368. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
relating to carbon emissions. 
Section 369. Spending-neutral reserve fund 
relating to requiring the Federal Govern-ment to allow States to opt out of Common Core without penalty. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:13 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29AP7.032 H29APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2566 April 29, 2015 
Section 370. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
relating to small business tax relief. 
Section 371. Spending-neutral reserve fund 
relating to the disposal of certain Federal land. 
Section 372. Spending-neutral reserve fund 
relating to prohibiting funding of inter-national organizations during the implemen-tation of the United Nations Arms Trade Treaty prior to Senate ratification and adop-tion of implementing legislation. 
Section 373. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
relating to reimposing waived sanctions and imposing new sanctions against Iran for vio-lations of the Joint Plan of Action or a com-prehensive nuclear agreement. 
Section 374. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
relating to supporting United States citizens held hostage in the United States Embassy in Tehran, Iran, between November 3, 1979, and January 20, 1981. 
Section 375. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
relating to reasonable accommodations for pregnant workers. 
Section 376. Deficit-neutral reserve fund to 
permanently eliminate the Federal estate tax. 
Section 377. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
relating to addressing climate change. 
Section 378. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
relating to regulation by the Environmental Protection Agency of greenhouse gas emis-sions. 
Section 379. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
relating to protecting privately held water rights and permits. 
Section 380. Spending-neutral reserve fund 
relating to prohibiting awarding of construc-tion contracts based on awardees entering or not entering into agreements with labor or-ganizations. 
Section 381. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
relating to strengthening the United States Postal Service. 
Section 382. Deficit-neutral reserve fund to 
prevent American jobs from being moved overseas by reducing the corporate income tax rate. 
Section 383. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
relating to ensuring equal treatment of mar-ried couples under the Social Security pro-gram and by the Department of Veterans Af-fairs. 
Section 384. Deficit-neutral reserve fund to 
increase wages for American workers. 
Section 385. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
relating to deterring the migration of unac-companied children from El Salvador, Guate-mala, and Honduras. 
Section 386. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
relating to middle class tax relief. 
Section 387. Spending-neutral reserve fund 
relating to ensuring proper economic consid-eration in designation of critical habitat. 
Section 388. Deficit-neutral reserve fund to 
strengthen the national do-not-call registry. 
Section 389. Deficit-neutral reserve fund to 
end ‘‘too-big-to-fail’’ bailouts for Wall Street mega-banks (over $500 billion in total as-sets). 
Section 390. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
relating to ending Washington’s illegal ex-emption from the Patient Protection and Af-fordable Care Act. 
Section 391. Spending-neutral reserve fund 
relating to increasing funding for the reloca-tion of the United States Embassy in Israel from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem. 
Section 392. Deficit-neutral reserve fund to 
revise or repeal sequestration. 
Section 393. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
relating to promoting the return of children who have been legally adopted by United States citizens from the Democratic Repub-lic of Congo. 
Section 394. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
relating to development of a new nuclear-ca-pable cruise missile by the Department of Defense and the National Nuclear Security 
Administration. 
Section 395. Deficit-neutral reserve fund to 
provide equity in the tax treatment of public safety officer death benefits. 
Section 396. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
relating to eliminating the backlog of sexual assault evidence kits. 
Section 397. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
relating to mixed oxide fuel fabrication. 
Section 398. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
relating to reforming Offices of Inspectors General and preventing extended vacancies. 
Section 399. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
relating to improving retirement security. 
Section 399a. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
to improve the competitiveness of the United States. 
Section 399b. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
relating to ensuring that the conservation of northern long-eared bat populations and local economic development are compatible. 
Section 399c. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
to improve cybersecurity. 
Section 399d. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
to allow the Drug Enforcement Administra-tion and Federal Bureau of Investigation to enter into joint task forces with tribal and local law enforcement agencies. 
Section 399e. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
relating to encouraging cost savings in office space used by Federal agencies. 
Section 399f. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
relating to providing technical assistance to small businesses and aspiring entrepreneurs through small business development centers. 
Section 399g. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
relating to ensuring that medical facilities of the Department of Veterans Affairs meet the needs of women veterans. 
Section 399h. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
relating to supporting efficient resourcing for the Asia rebalance policy. 
Section 399i. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
relating to preventing access to marijuana edibles by children in States that have de-criminalized marijuana. 
Section 399j. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
relating to providing mortgage lending to rural areas. 
Section 399k. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
relating to the construction of Arctic polar icebreakers. 
Section 399l. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
relating to researching health conditions of the descendants of veterans exposed to toxic substances during service in the Armed Forces. 
Section 399m. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
relating to raising the Family of Funds limit of the Small Business Investment Company Program. 
Section 399n. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
relating to detection, investigation, and prosecution of the owners and operators of websites who knowingly allow such websites to be used to advertise commercial sex with children over the Internet. 
Section 399o. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
to support State drought prevention plans. 
Section 399p. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
relating to protecting the reliability of the electricity grid. 
Section 399q. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
to preserve and protect the open Internet. 
Section 399r. Spending-neutral reserve fund 
relating to reforming the Federal regulatory process. 
Section 399s. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
relating to providing coverage of virtual colonoscopies as a colorectal cancer screen-ing test under the Medicare program. 
Section 399t. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
relating to strengthening waterborne com-
merce in our ports and harbors. 
Section 399u. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
relating to the modernization of the nuclear command, control, and communications ar-chitecture of the United States. Section 399v. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
relating to BARDA and the BioShield Spe-cial Reserve Fund. 
Section 399w. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
relating to improving the nuclear forces and missions of the Air Force. 
Section 399x. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
relating to promoting economic growth and job creation for small businesses. 
Section 399y. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
relating to the definition of full-time em-ployee. 
Section 399z. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
relating to improving the effectiveness and efficiency of the Federal regulatory process. 
Section 399aa. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
to expedite awards under the Internal Rev-enue Service whistleblower program. 
Section 399bb. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
relating to encouraging the increased use of performance contracting in Federal facili-ties. 
Section 399cc. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
relating to improving information sharing by the Inspector General of the Department of Veterans Affairs with respect to investiga-tions relating to substandard health care, de-layed and denied health care, patient deaths, other findings that directly relate to patient care, and other management issues of the de-partment. 
Section 399dd. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
to address the disproportionate regulatory burdens of community banks and credit unions. 
Section 399ee. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
to protect the Corporation for National and Community Service. 
Section 399ff. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
relating to ensuring that Department of Jus-tice attorneys comply with disclosure obli-gations in criminal prosecutions. 
Section 399gg. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
to promote biomedical research. 
Section 399hh. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
to address the heroin and methamphetamine abuse epidemic in the United States. 
Section 399ii. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
relating to providing access to necessary equipment for Medicare beneficiaries. 
Section 399jj. Spending-neutral reserve 
fund relating to prioritizing the construction of infrastructure projects that are of na-tional and regional significance and projects in high priority corridors. 
Section 399kk. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
relating to encouraging the United States’ NATO allies to reverse declines in defense spending and bear a more proportionate bur-den for ensuring the security of NATO. 
Section 399ll. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
relating to the investigation and recovery of missing weapons and military equipment provided to the Government of Yemen by the United States Government. 
Section 399mm. Deficit-neutral reserve 
fund relating to improving higher education data and transparency. 
Section 399mm. Deficit-neutral reserve 
fund relating to supporting programs funded by the Older Americans Act of 1965. 
Section 399oo. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
relating to native children. 
Section 399pp. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
relating to protecting the personal informa-tion of consumers from data breaches. 
Section 399qq. Deficit-reduction reserve 
fund for government reform and efficiency. 
Section 399rr. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
relating to medical treatment and com-pensation for first responders, survivors, and their families injured and made ill by the 9/ 11 attacks. 
Section 399ss. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
relating to construction of Native American schools. 
Section 399tt. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
relating to increasing the guarantee thresh-old for Surety Bond Guarantee Program. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:13 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29AP7.034 H29APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2567 April 29, 2015 
Section 399uu. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
relating to Indo-Pacific partner capacity building and strategy. 
Section 399vv. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
relating to addressing methamphetamine abuse in the United States. 
Section 399ww. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
relating to the National Guard State Part-nership Program. 
Section 399xx. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
relating to improving the prevention and treatment of agricultural virus outbreaks. 
Section 399yy. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
relating to the importance of financial lit-eracy education to allow individuals to make informed and effective decisions with their financial resources. 
Section 399zz. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
relating to comprehensive mental health re-form. 
Section 399aaa. Deficit-neutral reserve 
fund relating to improving oral health care for children and pregnant women under Med-icaid. 
Section 399bbb. Deficit-neutral reserve 
fund relating to the National Park Service Centennial. 
Section 399ccc. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
relating to increasing college completion. 
Section 399ddd. Deficit-neutral reserve 
fund relating to encouraging freight plan-ning and investment that incorporates all modes of transportation, including rail, wa-terways, ports, and highways. 
Section 399eee. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
related to providing for full funding for at- sea and dockside monitoring for certain fish-eries. 
Section 399fff. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
relating to training and resources for first responders responding to hazardous mate-rials incidents on railroads. 
Section 399ggg. Deficit-neutral reserve 
fund relating to enhancing and improving the United States Patent and Trademark Of-fice in order to reduce the application back-log. 
Section 399hhh. Deficit-neutral reserve 
fund relating to providing additional funding for international strategic communications. 
Section 399iii. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
for elementary and secondary education. 
Section 399jjj. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
relating to investing in rural and tribal water infrastructure. 
Section 399kkk. Deficit-neutral reserve 
fund related to sexual assault at institutions of higher education. 
Section 399lll. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
relating to simplifying and expanding tax in-centives for higher education. 
Section 399mmm. Deficit-neutral reserve 
fund relating to authorizing children eligible for health care under laws administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to retain such eligibility until age 26. 
Section 399nnn. Deficit-neutral reserve 
fund relating to supporting workforce devel-opment through apprenticeship programs. 
Section 399ooo. Deficit-neutral reserve 
fund relating to the prioritization of broad- based criminal justice reform. 
Section 399ppp. Deficit-neutral reserve 
fund relating to strengthening the economy by accelerating the transfer of technologies from laboratories of the Department of En-ergy and the Department of Defense to the marketplace. 
Section 399qqq. Deficit-neutral reserve 
fund relating to supporting trade and travel at ports of entry. 
Section 399rrr. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
relating to imposing sanctions with respect to foreign persons responsible for gross viola-tions of internationally recognized human rights or significant acts of corruption. 
Section 399sss. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
relating to reforming student loan programs. Section 399ttt. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
relating to increasing funding for the TIGER discretionary grant program of the Depart-ment of Transportation. 
Section 399uuu. Deficit-neutral reserve 
fund relating to promoting the use of college savings accounts. 
Section 399vvv. Deficit-neutral reserve 
fund relating to establishing a new outcome- based process for authorizing innovative higher education providers. 
Section 399www. Deficit-neutral reserve 
fund relating to improving community rela-tions with law enforcement officers. 
Section 399xxx. Deficit-neutral reserve 
fund to support research. 
Section 399yyy. Deficit-neutral reserve 
fund relating to support for Ukraine, which should include the provision of lethal defen-sive articles. 
Section 399zzz. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
relating to providing funding to combat anti- Semitism in Europe. 
Section 399aaaa. Deficit-neutral reserve 
fund to provide students and families with transparent, easily understood postsec-ondary education financial aid information. 
Section 399bbbb. Deficit-neutral reserve 
fund relating to providing adequate funding for the Contract Tower Program of the Fed-eral Aviation Administration. 
Section 399cccc. Deficit-neutral reserve 
fund relating to underground and surface mining safety and health research. 
Section 399dddd. Deficit-neutral reserve 
fund relating to investing in advanced fossil energy technology research and develop-ment. 
Section 399eeee. Deficit-neutral reserve 
funds relating to foreign persons. 
Section 399ffff. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
relating to special treatment of the income tax credit for research expenditures for startup companies. 
HOUSE AMENDMENT  
Section 501. Reserve fund for the repeal of 
the President’s health care law. Section 501 permits the Chair of the Committee on the Budget to revise allocations of spending au-thority and other budgetary levels for a measure that fully repeals the Patient Pro-tection and Affordable Care Act (Public Law 111–148) and the health care-related provi-sions of the Health Care and Education Rec-onciliation Act of 2010 [HCERA 2010] (Public Law 111–152). These are the health care bills enacted into law in 2010. 
Legislation repealing the health care laws 
must solely achieve that purpose and may not include extraneous language, whether such language has a budgetary effect or not. These adjustments would not be available for legislation that only partially repeals these laws. The reserve fund is intended to only apply to the health care provisions and would not apply to the repeal of the edu-cation-related provisions of HCERA 2010. The adjustments may be made for bills, amend-ments thereto, or conference reports. Mul-tiple measures may take advantage of the re-serve fund, as long as each is for the speci-fied purpose. 
An amendment (or a motion to recommit), 
if it qualifies under the terms of this reserve fund, may be offered to an unrelated meas-ure, but should such a measure, as amended, be returned to the House as a conference re-port or an amendment between the Houses, no adjustments would be made if that meas-ure contained text unrelated to the purpose of this reserve fund. Adjustments may be made for amendments meeting the criteria, but the adjustment would not cover provi-sions in the underlying bill unrelated to re-pealing these laws. 
A measure receiving an adjustment under 
the terms of this reserve fund may be open for amendment, subject to the special rule 
providing for its consideration, but the amendment, if it does not meet the terms outlined in this section, must be compliant with the Budget Act and the Rules of the 
House without regard to the adjustments made to the underlying measure. 
Section 502. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
for promoting real health care reform. Sec-tion 502 permits the Chair of the Committee on the Budget to revise allocations of spend-ing authority, provided to committees of the House, and to adjust other budgetary levels for a measure that promotes real health care reform as long as the measure is deficit-neu-tral for the period of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
Section 503. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
related to the Medicare provisions of the President’s health care law. Section 503 per-mits the Chair of the Committee on the Budget to revise allocations of spending au-thority provided to committees of the House, and to adjust other budgetary levels for a measure that repeals the Medicare spending cuts in the Patient Protection and Afford-able Care Act (Public Law 111–148) or the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010 (Public Law 111–152), as long as the measure is deficit-neutral for the period of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
A measure that repeals only part of these 
Medicare spending reductions is also eligible for these adjustments. A series of bills, joint resolutions, amendments, or conference re-ports may receive adjustments under this section, only limited by the cumulative amount of the Medicare spending reductions included in the public laws referenced, as es-timated by the Chair of the Committee on the Budget. Once the limit is reached through enacted measures, no more adjust-ments may be made under this reserve fund. The amount necessary to repeal the Medi-care spending cuts is a limit on the adjust-ments that may be made under this reserve fund, but as the House considers measures that meet these terms, the amount is not re-duced until the enactment of such measure fulfilling this purpose. 
Section 504. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
for the State Children’s Health Insurance Program. Section 504 permits the Chair of the Committee on the Budget to revise the allocations of spending authority provided to applicable committees and adjust other budgetary levels in this resolution for a measure that extends the State Children’s Health Insurance Program as long as such measure does not increase the deficit over the period of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
Section 505. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
for graduate medical education. Section 505 permits the Chair of the Committee on the Budget to revise the allocations of spending authority provided to applicable committees and adjust other budgetary levels in this res-olution for a measure that reforms, expands, access to, and improves, as determined by such Chair, graduate medical education pro-grams as long as such measure does not in-crease the deficit over the period of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
Section 506. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
for trade agreements. Section 506 permits the Chair of the Committee on the Budget to revise the allocations of spending authority provided to the Committee on Ways and Means and to adjust other budgetary levels in this resolution for legislation that imple-ments a trade agreement, as long as such a measure does not increase the deficit in the period of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
Section 507. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
for reforming the tax code. Section 507 per-mits the Chair of the Committee on the Budget to revise the allocations of spending authority provided to the Committee on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:13 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29AP7.035 H29APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2568 April 29, 2015 
Ways and Means and to adjust other budg-
etary levels in this resolution for legislation that reforms the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 as long as such legislation is deficit-neu-tral for the period of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
Section 508. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
for revenue measures. Section 508 permits the Chair of the Committee on the Budget to revise the allocations of spending authority provided to the Committee on Ways and Means for legislation that causes a decrease in revenue. The Chair of the Committee on the Budget may adjust the allocations and aggregates in this resolution if the measure does not increase the deficit over the period of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. This allows the Committee on Ways and Means to report legislation that reduces revenue below the level provided for in this resolution but only if it decreases outlays by an equal or greater amount in the applicable period. 
Section 509. Deficit-neutral reserve fund to 
reduce poverty and increase opportunity and upward mobility. Section 509 permits the Chair of the Committee on the Budget to re-vise the allocations of spending authority provided to applicable committees and ad-just other budgetary levels in this resolution for a measure reforming policies and pro-grams to reduce poverty and increase oppor-tunity and upward mobility as long as such a measure neither adversely impacts job cre-ation nor increases the deficit in the period of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
Section 510. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
for transportation. Section 510 permits the Chair of the Committee on the Budget to re-vise the allocations of spending authority and to adjust other budgetary enforcement levels in this resolution for any bill or joint resolution to maintain the solvency of the Highway Trust Fund, as long as such a meas-ure does not increase the deficit in the pe-riod of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
Section 511. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
for Federal retirement reform. Section 511 permits the Chair of the Committee on the Budget to revise the allocations of spending authority provided to applicable committees and adjust other budgetary levels in this res-olution for a measure that reforms, improves and updates, as determined by such Chair, the Federal retirement system as long as such measure does not increase the deficit over the period of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
Section 512. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
for national defense. Section 512 permits the Chair of the Committee on the Budget to re-vise the allocations of spending authority provided to applicable committees and ad-just other budgetary levels in this resolution for any legislation that supports the activi-ties specified below as long as such legisla-tion is deficit-neutral (without counting any net revenue increases in that measure) for the periods of fiscal years 2016 through 2021 or fiscal years 2016 through 2025. The activi-ties that may be supported in legislation under this reserve fund include Department of Defense training and maintenance associ-ated with combat readiness, modernization of equipment, auditability of financial state-ments, or military compensation rec-ommendations. 
CONFERENCE AGREEMENT  
The conference agreement contains the fol-
lowing reserve funds applicable in the Senate and the House: 
Section 4101. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
to reduce poverty and increase opportunity and upward mobility for struggling Ameri-cans. 
The agreement contains the following re-
serve funds applicable in the Senate: 
Section 4301. Spending-neutral reserve fund 
to increase the pace of economic growth and private sector job creation in the United 
States. 
Section 4302. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
to strengthen America’s priorities. 
Section 4303. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
to protect flexible and affordable health care choices for all. 
Section 4304. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
for improving access to the State Children’s Health Insurance Program. 
Section 4305. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
for other health reforms. 
Section 4306. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
for child welfare. 
Section 4307. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
for veterans and servicemembers. 
Section 4308. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
for tax reform and administration. 
Section 4309. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
to invest in the infrastructure in America. 
Section 4310. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
for air transportation. 
Section 4311. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
to promote jobs in the United States through international trade. 
Section 4312. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
to increase employment opportunities for disabled workers. 
Section 4313. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
for higher education act reform. 
Section 4314. Spending-neutral reserve fund 
for energy legislation. 
Section 4315. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
to reform environmental statutes. 
Section 4316. Spending-neutral reserve fund 
for water resources legislation. 
Section 4317. Spending-neutral reserve fund 
on mineral security and mineral rights. 
Section 4318. Spending-neutral reserve fund 
to reform the abandoned mine lands pro-gram. 
Section 4319. Spending-neutral reserve fund 
to improve forest health. 
Section 4320. Spending-neutral reserve fund 
to reauthorize funding for payments in lieu of taxes to counties and other units of local government. 
Section 4321. Spending-neutral reserve fund 
for financial regulatory system reform. 
Section 4322. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
to improve Federal program administration. 
Section 4323. Spending-neutral reserve fund 
to implement agreements with freely associ-ated states. 
Section 4324. Spending-neutral reserve fund 
to protect payments to rural hospitals and create sustainable access for rural commu-nities. 
Section 4325. Spending-neutral reserve fund 
to encourage state Medicaid demonstration programs to promote independent living and integrated work for the disabled. 
Section 4326. Spending-neutral reserve fund 
to allow pharmacists to be paid for the provi-sion of services under Medicare. 
Section 4327. Spending-neutral reserve fund 
to improve our Nation’s community health centers. 
Section 4328. Spending-neutral reserve fund 
relating to the funding of independent agen-cies, which may include subjecting the Con-sumer Financial Protection Bureau to the regular appropriations process. 
Section 4329. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
to reform, improve, and enhance section 529 college savings plans. 
Section 4330. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
relating to securing overseas diplomatic fa-cilities of the United States. 
Section 4331. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
relating to expanding, enhancing, or other-wise improving science, technology, engi-neering, and mathematics. 
Section 4332. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
relating to promoting manufacturing in the United States. 
Section 4333. Spending-neutral reserve fund 
to prohibit aliens without legal status in the United States from qualifying for a refund-
able tax credit. 
Section 4334. Deficit-reduction reserve fund 
for report elimination or modification. 
Section 4335. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
to address heroin, methamphetamine, and prescription opioid abuse. 
Section 4336. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
to strengthen our Department of Defense ci-vilian workforce. 
Section 4337. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
for Department of Defense reform. 
Section 4338. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
to improve Federal workforce development, job training, and reemployment programs. 
Section 4339. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
to provide energy assistance and invest in energy efficiency and conservation. 
Section 4340. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
to end Operation Choke Point and protect the Second Amendment. 
Section 4341. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
to prevent the use of Federal funds for the bailout of improvident State and local gov-ernments. 
Section 4342. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
to improve health outcomes and lower the costs of caring for medically complex chil-dren in Medicaid. 
Section 4343. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
to maintain and enhance access, choice, and accountability in veterans care through the Veterans Choice Card program. 
Section 4344. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
relating to promoting equal pay. 
Section 4345. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
relating to legislation submitted to Congress 
by the President of the United States to pro-tect and strengthen Social Security. 
Section 4346. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
relating to a simplified, income-driven stu-dent loan repayment option. 
Section 4347. Spending-neutral reserve fund 
relating to keeping the Federal Water Pollu-tion Control Act focused on the protection of water quality. 
Section 4348. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
relating to supporting Israel. 
Section 4349. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
for legislation regarding family and medical leave. 
Section 4350. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
relating to providing health care to veterans who have geographic inaccessibility to care. 
Section 4351. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
relating to increasing access to higher edu-cation for low-income Americans through the Federal Pell Grant program. 
Section 4352. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
relating to transparency in health premium billing. 
Section 4353. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
relating to carbon emissions. 
Section 4354. Spending-neutral reserve fund 
relating to requiring the Federal Govern-ment to allow States to opt out of Common Core without penalty. 
Section 4355. Spending-neutral reserve fund 
relating to the disposal of certain Federal land. 
Section 4356. Spending-neutral reserve fund 
relating to prohibiting funding of inter-national organizations during the implemen-tation of the United Nations Arms Trade Treaty prior to Senate ratification and adop-tion of implementing legislation. 
Section 4357. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
relating to reimposing waived sanctions and imposing new sanctions against Iran for vio-lations of the Joint Plan of Action or a com-prehensive nuclear agreement. 
Section 4358. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
relating to supporting United States citizens held hostage in the United States Embassy in Tehran, Iran, between November 3, 1979, and January 20, 1981. 
Section 4359. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
relating to reasonable accommodations for pregnant workers. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:13 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00066 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29AP7.036 H29APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2569 April 29, 2015 
Section 4360. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
to permanently eliminate the Federal estate tax. 
Section 4361. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
relating to regulation by the Environmental Protection Agency of greenhouse gas emis-sions. 
Section 4362. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
relating to protecting privately held water rights and permits. 
Section 4363. Spending-neutral reserve fund 
relating to prohibiting awarding of construc-tion contracts based on awardees entering or not entering into agreements with labor or-ganizations. 
Section 4364. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
to prevent American jobs from being moved overseas by reducing the corporate income tax rate. 
Section 4365. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
to increase wages for American workers. 
Section 4366. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
relating to deterring the migration of unac-companied children from El Salvador, Guate-mala, and Honduras. 
Section 4367. Spending-neutral reserve fund 
relating to ensuring proper economic consid-eration in designation of critical habitat. 
Section 4368. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
to end ‘‘too big to fail’’ bailouts for Wall Street mega-banks (over $500 billion in total assets). 
Section 4369. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
relating to ending Washington’s illegal ex-emption from the Patient Protection and Af-fordable Care Act. 
Section 4370. Spending-neutral reserve fund 
relating to increasing funding for the reloca-tion of the United States Embassy in Israel from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem. 
Section 4371. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
relating to promoting the return of children who have been legally adopted by United States citizens from the Democratic Repub-lic of the Congo. 
Section 4372. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
relating to development of a new nuclear-ca-pable cruise missile by the Department of Defense and the National Nuclear Security Administration. 
Section 4373. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
to provide equity in the tax treatment of public safety officer death benefits. 
Section 4374. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
relating to eliminating the backlog of sexual assault evidence kits. 
Section 4375. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
relating to mixed oxide fuel fabrication. 
Section 4376. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
relating to reforming Offices of Inspectors General and preventing extended vacancies. 
Section 4377. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
relating to improving retirement security. 
Section 4378. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
to improve the competitiveness of the United States. 
Section 4379. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
relating to ensuring that the conservation of northern long-eared bat populations and local economic development are compatible. 
Section 4380. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
to improve cybersecurity. 
Section 4381. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
to allow the Drug Enforcement Administra-tion and Federal Bureau of Investigation to enter into joint task forces with tribal and local law enforcement agencies. 
Section 4382. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
relating to encouraging cost savings in office space used by Federal agencies. 
Section 4383. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
relating to providing technical assistance to small businesses and aspiring entrepreneurs through small business development centers. 
Section 4384. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
relating to ensuring that medical facilities of the Department of Veterans Affairs meet the needs of women veterans. Section 4385. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
relating to supporting efficient resourcing for the Asia rebalance policy. 
Section 4386. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
relating to preventing access to marijuana edibles by children in states that have de-criminalized marijuana. 
Section 4387. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
relating to providing mortgage lending to rural areas. 
Section 4388. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
relating to the construction of Arctic polar icebreakers. 
Section 4389. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
relating to researching health conditions of the descendants of veterans exposed to toxic substances during service in the Armed Forces. 
Section 4390. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
relating to raising the family of funds limit of the Small Business Investment Company program. 
Section 4391. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
relating to detection, investigation, and prosecution of the owners and operators of websites who knowingly allow such websites to be used to advertise commercial sex with children over the Internet. 
Section 4392. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
relating to protecting the reliability of the electricity grid. 
Section 4393. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
to preserve and protect the open Internet. 
Section 4394. Spending-neutral reserve fund 
relating to reforming the Federal regulatory process. 
Section 4395. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
relating to providing coverage of virtual colonoscopies as a colorectal cancer screen-ing test under the Medicare program. 
Section 4396. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
relating to the modernization of the nuclear command, control, and communications ar-chitecture of the United States. 
Section 4397. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
relating to BARDA and the BioShield special reserve fund. 
Section 4398. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
relating to improving the nuclear forces and missions of the Air Force. 
Section 4399. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
relating to promoting economic growth and job creation for small businesses and full funding for at-sea and dockside monitoring for certain fisheries. 
Section 4400. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
relating to the definition of full-time em-ployee. 
Section 4401. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
relating to improving the effectiveness and efficiency of the Federal regulatory process. 
Section 4402. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
to expedite awards under the Internal Rev-enue Service whistleblower program. 
Section 4403. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
relating to encouraging the increased use of performance contracting in Federal facili-ties. 
Section 4404. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
relating to improving information sharing by the Inspector General of the Department of Veterans Affairs with respect to investiga-tions relating to substandard health care, de-layed and denied health care, patient deaths, other findings that directly relate to patient care, and other management issues of the de-partment. 
Section 4405. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
to address the disproportionate regulatory burdens on community banks and credit unions. 
Section 4406. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
to protect the Corporation for National and Community Service. 
Section 4407. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
relating to ensuring that Department of Jus-tice attorneys comply with disclosure obli-gations in criminal prosecutions. Section 4408. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
to promote biomedical research. 
Section 4409. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
relating to providing access to necessary equipment for Medicare beneficiaries. 
Section 4410. Spending-neutral reserve fund 
relating to prioritizing the construction of 
infrastructure projects that are of national and regional significance and projects in high-priority corridors. 
Section 4411. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
relating to encouraging the United States’ NATO allies to reverse declines in defense spending and bear a more proportionate bur-den for ensuring the security of NATO. 
Section 4412. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
relating to the investigation and recovery of missing weapons and military equipment provided to the Government of Yemen by the United States Government. 
Section 4413. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
relating to improving higher education data and transparency. 
Section 4414. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
relating to native children. 
Section 4415. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
relating to provide additional funding for international strategic communications. 
Section 4416. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
for elementary and secondary education. 
Section 4417. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
to support research. 
Section 4418. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
relating to support for Ukraine. 
Section 4419. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
relating to underground and surface mining safety research. 
Section 4420. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
relating to saving Medicare. 
The agreement contains the following re-
serve funds applicable in the House: 
Section 4501. Reserve fund for the repeal of 
the President’s health care law. 
Section 4502. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
for promoting real health care reform. 
Section 4503. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
related to the Medicare provisions of the President’s health care law. 
Section 4504. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
for improving access to the State Children’s Health Insurance Program. 
Section 4505. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
for graduate medical education. 
Section 4506. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
for trade agreements. 
Section 4507. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
for reforming the tax code. 
Section 4508. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
for revenue measures. 
Section 4509. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
for transportation. 
Section 4510. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
for Federal retirement reform. 
Section 4511. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
for national defense. 
ESTIMATES OF DIRECT SPENDING IN THE 
HOUSE 
SENATE RESOLUTION  
No provision. 
HOUSE AMENDMENT  
This section is required under the Separate 
Orders of H. Res. 5 (114th Congress), which implements the Rules of the House of Rep-resentatives and is a requirement for the consideration of a concurrent resolution on the budget in the 114th Congress. It provides the average and estimated average rate of growth in means-tested and non-means-test-ed direct spending for the 10-year periods be-fore and after fiscal year 2016, respectively, and proposes reforms of these two categories and direct spending. 
CONFERENCE AGREEMENT  
The conference agreement includes the 
House provision for the House. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:13 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00067 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29AP7.037 H29APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2570 April 29, 2015 
TABLE 11.—HISTORICAL MEANS-TESTED AND NON MEANS-TESTED DIRECT SPENDING 
[Outlays by fiscal year, billions of dollars] 
2005 2006 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 Estimated Average an-
nual growth 
2014 2015 2006–2015 
Means-Tested Programs: 
Health Care Programs: 
Medicaid ....................................................................................................................... ..................................... 182 181 191 201 251 273 275 251 265 301 335 6.3% 
Medicare Part D Low-Income Subsidies ........................................................................................... ................ 0 11 17 17 19 21 24 20 22 22 24 (a)8.9% 
Health insurance subsidiesb,c......................................................................................................................... 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 13 28 n.a. 
Children’s Health Insurance Program ............................................................................................ .................. 5 5 6 7 8 8 9 9 9 9 10 7.3% 
Subtotal ....................................................................................................................... ............................. 187 197 213 225 277 302 308 279 297 346 397 7.8% 
Income Security: 
SNAP ........................................................................................................................... ....................................... 33 35 35 39 56 70 77 80 83 76 78 9.1% 
Supplemental Security Income ................................................................................................... ...................... 38 37 36 41 45 47 53 47 53 54 55 3.7% 
Earned income and child tax creditsc............................................................................................................. 49 52 54 75 67 77 78 77 79 82 83 5.3% 
Family support and foster cared..................................................................................................................... 31 30 31 3 2 33 35 33 30 32 31 31 0.3% 
Child nutrition ................................................................................................................ ................................... 13 14 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 20 21 5.1% 
Subtotal ....................................................................................................................... ............................. 163 168 170 202 217 247 260 254 266 263 268 5.1% 
Veterans’ pensions ............................................................................................................. ................................... 4 4 3 4 4 4 5 5 5 6 6 5.0% 
Pell Grantse............................................................................................................................... ....................... 0 0 0 1 2 4 14 12 16 8 11 n.a. 
Subtotal, Means-Tested Programs ................................................................................................ ........... 354 369 386 431 501 557 587 550 584 623 683 6.8% 
Non-Means-Tested Programsf............................................................................................................................... .... 1,094 1,188 1,242 1,349 1,787 1,553 1,648 1,710 1,752 1,757 1,847 5.4% 
Total Mandatory Outlaysg........................................................................................................................... 1,448 1,556 1,628 1,780 2,288 2,110 2,236 2,260 2,336 2,380 2,530 5.7% 
Memorandum: Pell Grants (Discretionary) .................................................................................................... ..................................... 13 13 13 15 13 20 21 21 17 23 20 4.3% 
Source: Congressional Budget Office; staff of the Joint Committee on Taxation. 
Notes: The average annual growth rate over the 2006-2015 period encompasses growth in outlays from the amount recorded in 2005 through the amount projected for 2015. 
Data on spending for benefit programs in this table exclude administrative costs that are classified as discretionary but gener ally include administrative costs classified as mandatory. 
SNAP = Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program; n.a. = not applicable. Because October 1 fell on a weekend in 2006, 2007, and 2012, certain federal payments that were due on that date were instead m ade at the end of the preceding September and thus shifted into the previous fiscal year. Those shifts 
primarily affected outlays for Supplemental Security Income, veterans’ compensation benefits and pensions, and Medicare. 
a. The average annual growth rate reflects the program’s growth from its inception in 2006 through 2015. 
b. Differs from the amounts reported in Table 3-2 from The Budget and Economic Outlook: Fiscal Years 2015 to 2025 because it doe s not include payments to health insurance plans for risk adjustment (amounts paid to plans that at-
tract less healthy enrollees) and reinsurance (amounts paid to plans that enroll individuals who end up with high costs). Spend ing for grants to states to establish exchanges is also excluded. 
c. Does not include amounts that reduce tax receipts. d. Includes the Temporary Assistance for Needy Families program, the Child Support Enforcement program, the Child Care Entitleme nt program, and other programs that benefit children. 
e. Includes mandatory spending designed to reduce the discretionary budget authority needed to support the maximum award level s et in the appropriation act plus mandatory spending that, by formula, increases the total maximum 
award above the amount set in the appropriation act. 
f. Does not include offsetting receipts. g. Does not include outlays associated with federal interest payments, which are not considered part of mandatory spending 
TABLE 12.—PROJECTED MEANS-TESTED AND NON MEANS-TESTED DIRECT SPENDING 
[Outlays by fiscal year, billions of dollars] 
2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 2025 Average an-
nual growth 
2016–2025 
Means-Tested Programs: 
Health Care Programs: 
Medicaid ....................................................................................................................... ..................................... 335 360 384 405 428 452 477 503 530 558 588 5.8% 
Medicare Part D Low-Income Subsidies ........................................................................................... ................ 24 28 28 28 32 34 37 44 46 46 54 8.4% 
Health insurance subsidiesa,b......................................................................................................................... 28 55 75 86 89 91 97 102 105 109 112 15.1% 
Children’s Health Insurance Program ............................................................................................ .................. 10 11 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 ¥5.9% 
Subtotal ....................................................................................................................... ................................. 397 454 493 524 555 584 617 656 687 719 760 6.7% 
Income Security: 
SNAP ........................................................................................................................... ....................................... 78 78 76 75 74 74 74 73 74 74 75 ¥0.4% 
Supplemental Security Income ................................................................................................... ...................... 55 60 57 54 61 63 64 71 68 65 72 2.7% 
Earned income and child tax creditsb,c.......................................................................................................... 83 85 86 87 75 76 77 78 79 80 82 ¥0.1% 
Family support and foster cared..................................................................................................................... 31 32 32 3 2 33 33 33 34 34 34 35 1.0% 
Child nutrition ................................................................................................................ ................................... 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 31 32 4.3% 
Subtotal ....................................................................................................................... ................................. 268 277 274 273 267 271 275 285 284 284 295 1.0% 
Veterans’ pensions 6 7 6 6 7 7 7 8 7 7 7 2.0% 
Pell Grantse 11 6 7 9 9 9 9 9 10 10 10 ¥1.3% 
Subtotal, Means-Tested Programs ................................................................................................ ............... 683 744 781 811 838 871 909 957 988 1,019 1,072 4.6% 
Non-Means-Tested Programsf 1,847 1,947 2,018 2,094 2,241 2,370 2,516 2,708 2,820 2,933 3,165 5.5% 
Total Mandatory Outlaysg........................................................................................................................... 2,530 2,691 2,799 2,905 3,079 3,241 3,425 3,666 3,808 3,952 4,237 5.3% 
Memorandum: Pell Grants (Discretionary)
h............................................................................................................................... ....... 20 27 27 23 24 24 25 25 26 26 27 3.0% 
Source: Congressional Budget Office; staff of the Joint Committee on Taxation. 
Notes: The projections shown here are the same as those reported in Congressional Budget Office, The Budget and Economic Outloo k: Fiscal Years 2015 to 2025 (January 2015). CBO recently updated its baseline projections as reported 
in Congressional Budget Office, Updated Budget Projections: 2015 to 2025 (March 2015). Some of the projections are different in  the March baseline, but at the request of the committee staff, the projections shown are from the January 
baseline. 
The average annual growth rate over the 2016-2025 period encompasses growth in outlays from the amount projected for 2015 throu gh the amount projected for 2025. 
Projections of spending for benefit programs in this table exclude administrative costs that are classified as discretionary bu t generally include administrative costs classified as mandatory. 
SNAP = Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program. Because October 1 will fall on a weekend in 2016, 2017, 2022, and 2023, certain federal payments that are due on that date will  instead be made at the end of the preceding September and thus be shifted into the previous fiscal 
year. 
Those shifts primarily affect outlays for Supplemental Security Income, veterans’ compensation benefits and pensions, and Medic are. 
a. Differs from the amounts reported in Table 3-2 from The Budget and Economic Outlook: Fiscal Years 2015 to 2025 because it doe s not include payments to health insurance plans for risk adjustment (amounts paid to plans that at-
tract less healthy enrollees) and reinsurance (amounts paid to plans that enroll individuals who end up with high costs). Spend ing for grants to states to establish exchanges is also excluded. 
b. Does not include amounts that reduce tax receipts. c. Differs from the amounts reported on Table 3-2 from The Budget and Economic Outlook: Fiscal Years 2015 to 2025 because it doe s not include other tax credits that were included in that table. 
d. Includes the Temporary Assistance for Needy Families program, the Child Support Enforcement program, the Child Care Entitleme nt program, and other programs that benefit children. 
e. Includes mandatory spending designed to reduce the discretionary budget authority needed to support the maximum award level s et in the appropriation act plus mandatory spending that, by formula, increases the total maximum 
award above the amount set in the appropriation act. 
f. Does not include offsetting receipts. g. Does not include outlays associated with federal interest payments, which are not considered part of mandatory spending. h. The discretionary baseline does not represent a projection of expected costs for the discretionary portion of the Pell Grant program. As with all other discretionary programs, the budget authority is calculated by inflating the budget 
authority appropriated for fiscal year 2015. Outlays for future years are based on those amounts of budget authority and also r eflect a temporary surplus of budget authority provided in 2015. 
POLICY STATEMENTS 
SENATE RESOLUTION  
The Senate resolution contains no policy 
statements. HOUSE AMENDMENT  
The House amendment contains the fol-
lowing policy statements: 
Section 801. Policy statement on balanced 
budget amendment. 
Section 802. Policy statement on budget 
process and baseline reform. Section 803. Policy statement on economic 
growth and job creation. 
Section 804. Policy statement on tax re-
form. 
Section 805. Policy statement on trade. Section 806. Policy statement on Social Se-
curity. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:13 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00068 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29AP7.040 H29APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2571 April 29, 2015 
Section 807. Policy statement on repealing 
the President’s health care law and pro-moting real health care reform. 
Section 808. Policy statement on Medicare. Section 809. Policy statement on medical 
discovery, development, delivery and innova-tion. 
Section 810. Policy statement on Federal 
regulatory reform. 
Section 811. Policy statement on higher 
education and workforce development oppor-tunity. 
Section 812. Policy statement on Depart-
ment of Veterans Affairs. 
Section 813. Policy statement on Federal 
accounting methodologies. 
Section 814. Policy statement on 
scorekeeping for outyear budgetary effects in appropriation acts. 
Section 815. Policy statement on reducing 
unnecessary, wasteful, and unauthorized spending. 
Section 816. Policy statement on deficit re-
duction through the cancellation of unobli-gated balances. 
Section 817. Policy statement on agency 
fees and spending. 
Section 818. Policy statement on respon-
sible stewardship of taxpayer dollars. 
Section 819. Policy statement on ‘‘No 
Budget, No Pay.’’ 
Section 820. Policy statement on national 
security funding. 
CONFERENCE AGREEMENT  
The conference agreement contains the fol-
lowing policy statements of the House and Senate: 
Section 6101. Policy statement on a bal-
anced budget amendment. Section 6102. Policy statement on Social 
Security. 
The conference agreement also contains 
the following policy statements of the House: 
Section 6201. Policy statement on budget 
process and baseline reform. 
Section 6202. Policy statement on eco-
nomic growth and job creation. 
Section 6203. Policy statement on tax re-
form. 
Section 6204. Policy statement on trade. Section 6205. Policy statement on repeal-
ing the President’s health care law and pro-moting real health care reform. 
Section 6206. Policy statement on Medi-
care. 
Section 6207. Policy statement on medical 
discovery, development, delivery, and inno-vation. 
Section 6208. Policy statement on Federal 
regulatory reform. 
Section 6209. Policy statement on higher 
education and workforce development oppor-tunity. 
Section 6210. Policy statement on the De-
partment of Veterans Affairs. 
Section 6211. Policy statement on Federal 
accounting methodologies. 
Section 6212. Policy statement on reducing 
unnecessary, wasteful, and unnecessary spending. 
Section 6213. Policy statement on deficit 
reduction through the cancellation of unobli-gated balances. 
Section 6214. Policy statement on agency 
fees and spending. 
Section 6215. Policy statement on respon-
sible stewardship of taxpayer dollars. Section 6216. Policy statement on ‘‘No 
Budget, No Pay.’’ 
Section 6217. Policy statement on national 
security funding. 
ALLOCATIONS 
As required under section 302 of the Con-
gressional Budget Act of 1974, the joint statement of managers includes allocations of budget authority and outlays, based on the conference agreement, to each of the au-thorizing committees and the Committee on Appropriations of the House and Senate. This joint statement allocates to the Com-mittee on Appropriations of the House and Senate a lump sum of discretionary budget authority assumed in the concurrent resolu-tion and corresponding outlays for a single fiscal year. It also provides allocations for each of the authorizing committees in the House and Senate for fiscal year 2016, com-mencing on October 1, 2015, and the 9 ensuing fiscal years, fiscal years 2017 through 2025. These allocations are as follows: 
TABLE 13.—ALLOCATION OF SPENDING AUTHORITY TO 
HOUSE COMMITTEE ON APPROPRIATIONS 
[In millions of dollars] 
2016 
Base Discretionary Action: 
BA ...................................................................................... 1,016,582 OT ...................................................................................... 1,156,644 
Global War on Terrorism: 
BA ...................................................................................... 96,287 OT ...................................................................................... 48,798 
Current Law Mandatory: 
BA ...................................................................................... 960,295 OT ...................................................................................... 952,912 
TABLE 14.—ALLOCATION BY HOUSE AUTHORIZING COMMITTEE 
[On-budget amounts in millions of dollars] 
2016 2016–2025 
Agriculture: 
Current Law: 
BA ............................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .................................................................. 12,473 646,262 
OT ............................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................... 12,775 640,246 
Resolution Change: 
BA ............................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .................................................................. ¥1,645 ¥302,149 
OT ............................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................... ¥347 ¥300,020 
Total: 
BA ............................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .............................................................. 10,828 344,113 
OT ............................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .............................................................. 12,428 340,226 
Armed Services: 
Current Law: 
BA ............................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .................................................................. 155,312 1,806,198 
OT ............................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................... 159,556 1,804,314 
Resolution Change: 
BA ............................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .................................................................. 0 0 
OT ............................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................... 0 0 
Total: 
BA ............................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ......................................................... 155,312 1,806,198 
OT ............................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .......................................................... 159,556 1,804,314 
Financial Services: 
Current Law: 
BA ............................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .................................................................. 15,120 113,877 
OT ............................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................... 4,182 ¥44,506 
Resolution Change: 
BA ............................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .................................................................. ¥7,334 ¥62,254 
OT ............................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................... ¥6,712 ¥62,056 
Total: 
BA ............................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ......................................................... 7,786 51,623 
OT ............................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .......................................................... ¥2,530 ¥106,562 
Education & Workforce: 
Current Law: 
BA ............................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .................................................................. ¥3,756 40,769 
OT ............................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................... ¥6,552 25,954 
Resolution Change: 
BA ............................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .................................................................. ¥10,633 ¥249,574 
OT ............................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................... ¥5,017 ¥229,658 
Total: 
BA ............................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ......................................................... ¥14,389 ¥208,805 
OT ............................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .......................................................... ¥11,569 ¥203,704 
Energy & Commerce: 
Current Law: 
BA ............................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .................................................................. 444,289 5,721,695 
OT ............................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................... 441,174 5,715,531 
Resolution Change: 
BA ............................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .................................................................. ¥54,654 ¥1,379,704 
OT ............................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................... ¥49,173 ¥1,369,488 
Total: 
BA ............................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ......................................................... 389,635 4,341,991 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:13 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00069 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29AP7.041 H29APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2572 April 29, 2015 
TABLE 14.—ALLOCATION BY HOUSE AUTHORIZING COMMITTEE—Continued 
[On-budget amounts in millions of dollars] 
2016 2016–2025 
OT ............................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .......................................................... 392,001 4,346,043 
Foreign Affairs: 
Current Law: 
BA ............................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .................................................................. 28,183 232,212 
OT ............................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................... 27,177 230,830 
Resolution Change: 
BA ............................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .................................................................. 0 0 
OT ............................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................... 0 0 
Total: 
BA ............................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ......................................................... 28,183 232,212 
OT ............................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .......................................................... 27,177 230,830 
Oversight & Government Reform: 
Current Law: 
BA ............................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .................................................................. 113,380 1,339,277 
OT ............................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................... 112,234 1,320,222 
Resolution Change: 
BA ............................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .................................................................. ¥9,188 ¥193,961 
OT ............................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................... ¥9,026 ¥193,896 
Total: 
BA ............................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ......................................................... 104,192 1,145,316 
OT ............................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .......................................................... 103,208 1,126,326 
Homeland Security: 
Current Law: 
BA ............................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .................................................................. 1,988 23,061 
OT ............................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................... 1,973 23,206 
Resolution Change: 
BA ............................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .................................................................. ¥180 ¥19,470 
OT ............................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................... ¥180 ¥19,470 
Total: 
BA ............................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ......................................................... 1,808 3,591 
OT ............................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .......................................................... 1,793 3,736 
House Administration: 
Current Law: 
BA ............................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .................................................................. 41 353 
OT ............................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................... 12 108 
Resolution Change: 
BA ............................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .................................................................. ¥31 ¥298 
OT ............................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................... ¥2 ¥53 
Total: 
BA ............................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ......................................................... 10 55 
OT ............................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .......................................................... 10 55 
Natural Resources: 
Current Law: 
BA ............................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .................................................................. 5,392 58,170 
OT ............................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................... 6,020 60,458 
Resolution Change: 
BA ............................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .................................................................. ¥569 ¥32,678 
OT ............................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................... ¥261 ¥32,483 
Total: 
BA ............................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ......................................................... 4,823 25,492 
OT ............................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .......................................................... 5,759 27,975 
Judiciary: 
Current Law: 
BA ............................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .................................................................. 22,544 116,624 
OT ............................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................... 13,185 122,005 
Resolution Change: 
BA ............................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .................................................................. ¥14,419 ¥24,949 
OT ............................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................... ¥868 ¥23,055 
Total: 
BA ............................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ......................................................... 8,125 91,675 
OT ............................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .......................................................... 12,317 98,950 
Transportation & Infrastructure: 
Current Law: 
BA ............................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .................................................................. 70,089 718,468 
OT ............................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................... 16,407 184,208 
Resolution Change: 
BA ............................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .................................................................. ¥12,114 ¥197,706 
OT ............................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................... 0 0 
Total: 
BA ............................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .............................................................. 57,975 520,762 
OT ............................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .............................................................. 16,407 184,208 
Science, Space & Technology: 
Current Law: 
BA ............................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .................................................................. 101 1,017 
OT ............................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................... 101 1,017 
Resolution Change: 
BA ............................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .................................................................. 0 0 
OT ............................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................... 0 0 
Total: 
BA ............................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .............................................................. 101 1,017 
OT ............................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .............................................................. 101 1,017 
Small Business: 
Current Law: 
BA ............................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .................................................................. 0 0 
OT ............................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................... 0 0 
Resolution Change: 
BA ............................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .................................................................. 0 0 
OT ............................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................... 0 0 
Total: 
BA ............................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .............................................................. 0 0 
OT ............................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .............................................................. 0 0 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:13 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00070 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29AP7.045 H29APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2573 April 29, 2015 
TABLE 14.—ALLOCATION BY HOUSE AUTHORIZING COMMITTEE—Continued 
[On-budget amounts in millions of dollars] 
2016 2016–2025 
Veterans Affairs: 
Current Law: 
BA ............................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .................................................................. 3,094 96,599 
OT ............................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................... 9,188 109,687 
Resolution Change: 
BA ............................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .................................................................. ¥31 ¥1,925 
OT ............................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................... ¥31 ¥1,925 
Total: 
BA ............................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .............................................................. 3,063 94,674 
OT ............................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .............................................................. 9,157 107,762 
Ways & Means: 
Current Law: 
BA ............................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .................................................................. 1,022,809 14,818,985 
OT ............................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................... 1,021,784 14,817,368 
Resolution Change: 
BA ............................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .................................................................. ¥60,004 ¥1,594,908 
OT ............................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................... ¥59,704 ¥1,594,408 
Total: 
BA ............................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .............................................................. 962,805 13,224,077 
OT ............................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .............................................................. 962,080 13,222,960 
TABLE 15.—ALLOCATION OF SPENDING AUTHORITY 
SENATE COMMITTEE ON APPROPRIATIONS 
[Fiscal year 2016, $ billions] 
Appropriations Budget au-
thority Outlays 
Revised Security Category Discretionary Budget Authority1............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................... 523.091 n/a 
Revised Nonsecurity Category Discretionary Budget Authority1............................................................................................................................... ......................................................................................................... 493.491 n/a 
General Purpose Outlays1............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................... n/a 1,156.644 
Memorandum: 
Subtotal ....................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................... 1,016.582 1,156.644 
On-budget ...................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................. 1,011.307 1,151.295 
Off-budget ..................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................. 5.275 5.349 
Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism2............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................. 96.287 48.798 
Mandatory ...................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ...................................................................... 964.049 956.128 
1The allocation will be adjusted following the reporting of bills, offering of amendments, or submission of conference reports t hat qualify for adjustments to the discretionary spending limits as outlined in sections 251(b)(2)(A)(i), 
251(b)(2)(B), 251(b)(2)(C), and 251(b)(2)(D) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
2The allocation may be adjusted pursuant to section 3102 of the conference report to accompany S. Con. Res. 11, the concurrent r esolution on the budget for fiscal year 2016. 
TABLE 16.—ALLOCATION OF SPENDING AUTHORITY 
SENATE COMMITTEES OTHER THAN APPROPRIATIONS 
[Fiscal year 2016, $ billions] 
2016 2016–2020 2016–2025 
Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry: 
Budget Authority ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................. 128.680 654.944 1,322.686 
Outlays ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................... 121.723 606.817 1,228.931 
Armed Services: 
Budget Authority ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................. 159.207 848.760 1,851.710 
Outlays ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................... 163.446 848.187 1,849.802 
Banking, Housing and Urban Affairs: 
Budget Authority ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................. 24.680 116.744 214.389 
Outlays ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................... 3.848 ¥7.666 ¥42.938 
Commerce, Science, and Transportation: 
Budget Authority ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................. 17.905 100.960 205.334 
Outlays ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................... 14.188 77.987 154.802 
Energy and Natural Resources: 
Budget Authority ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................. 4.454 24.474 48.985 
Outlays ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................... 4.465 24.478 49.211 
Environment and Public Works: 
Budget Authority ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................. 41.672 211.645 420.414 
Outlays ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................... 2.543 13.680 30.750 
Finance: 
Budget Authority ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................. 2,179.304 12,340.566 29,433.590 
Outlays ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................... 2,169.584 12,321.005 29,408.581 
Foreign Relations: 
Budget Authority ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................. 28.342 125.601 233.802 
Outlays ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................... 27.336 124.464 232.420 
Homeland Security and Government Affairs: 
Budget Authority ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................. 134.948 729.195 1,577.588 
Outlays ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................... 133.802 720.862 1,558.533 
Judiciary: 
Budget Authority ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................. 24.816 79.449 143.856 
Outlays ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................... 15.443 81.087 149.155 
Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: 
Budget Authority ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................. 12.137 87.301 174.372 
Outlays ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................... 14.271 87.783 182.631 
Rules and Administration: 
Budget Authority ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................. 0.067 0.334 0.666 
Outlays ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................... 0.038 0.197 0.421 
Intelligence: 
Budget Authority ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................. 0.514 2.570 5.140 
Outlays ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................... 0.514 2.570 5.140 
Veterans’ Affairs: 
Budget Authority ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................. 97.631 483.601 1,026.432 
Outlays ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................... 103.480 494.772 1,037.000 
Indian Affairs: 
Budget Authority ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................. 0.491 2.191 4.741 
Outlays ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................... 0.942 3.551 5.982 
Small Business: 
Budget Authority ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................. 0.000 0.000 0.000 
Outlays ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................... 0.000 0.000 0.000 
Unassigned to Committee: 
Budget Authority ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................. ¥930.099 ¥6,014.283 ¥15,268.775 
Outlays ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................... ¥884.618 ¥5,887.158 ¥14,949.026 
Total: 
Budget Authority ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................... 1,924.749 9,794.052 21,394.930 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:13 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00071 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29AP7.045 H29APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2574 April 29, 2015 
TABLE 16.—ALLOCATION OF SPENDING AUTHORITY 
SENATE COMMITTEES OTHER THAN APPROPRIATIONS—Continued 
[Fiscal year 2016, $ billions] 
2016 2016–2020 2016–2025 
Outlays ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .......................... 1,891.005 9,512.616 20,901.395 
Includes entitlements funded in annual appropriations acts. 
TOMPRICE, 
TODDROKITA , 
MARIO DIAZ-BALART , 
DIANE BLACK , 
JOHNR. M OOLENAAR , 
Managers on the Part of the House. 
MICHAEL B. E NZI, 
CHUCK GRASSLEY , 
JEFFSESSIONS , 
MIKECRAPO , 
LINDSEY GRAHAM , 
ROBPORTMAN , 
PATRICK J. T OOMEY , 
RONJOHNSON , 
KELLY AYOTTE , 
ROGER F. W ICKER , 
BOBCORKER , 
DAVID PERDUE , 
Managers on the Part of the Senate. 
f 
RESIGNATION AS MEMBER OF 
COMMITTEE ON FINANCIAL SERVICES 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following resigna-tion as a member of the Committee on Financial Services: 
CONGRESS OF THE UNITED STATES , 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
Washington, DC, April 27, 2015. 
Attn: Trevor Kolego, Hon. J
OHNBOEHNER , 
Speaker, House of Representatives, The Capitol, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : It is a tremendous 
privilege to represent the people of the Tenth District of Illinois in the U.S. House of Representatives. 
I have greatly appreciated the opportunity 
to serve on the Financial Services Com-mittee. However, due to my appointment to the Committee on Ways and Means, I hereby resign my seat on the Financial Services Committee. 
I believe that this new position will better 
allow me to represent the interests of my constituents, and I look forward to getting to work with my colleagues on the Ways and Means Committee. 
Very truly yours, 
R
OBERT J. D OLD, 
Member of Congress. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without 
objection, the resignation is accepted. 
There was no objection. 
f 
ELECTING MEMBERS TO CERTAIN 
STANDING COMMITTEES OF THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, by direction 
of the House Republican Conference, I send to the desk a privileged resolution and ask for its immediate consider-ation. 
The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-
lows: 
H. R ES. 229 
Resolved, That the following named Mem-
bers be, and are hereby, elected to the fol-lowing standing committees of the House of Representatives: C
OMMITTEE ON HOUSE ADMINISTRATION : Mr. 
Walker. 
COMMITTEE ON WAYS AND MEANS : Mr. Dold. 
The resolution was agreed to. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
MILITARY CONSTRUCTION AND 
VETERANS AFFAIRS AND RE-LATED AGENCIES APPROPRIA-TIONS ACT, 2016 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. DENT. Mr. Speaker, I ask unani-
mous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to re-vise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on H.R. 2029 and that I may include tabular material on the same. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
G
RAVES of Louisiana). Is there objec-
tion to the request of the gentleman from Pennsylvania? 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to House Resolution 223 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consider-ation of the bill, H.R. 2029. 
The Chair appoints the gentlewoman 
from Florida (Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN ) to 
preside over the Committee of the Whole. 
b1430 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved 
itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill (H.R. 2029) making appropriations for military construction, the Department of Vet-erans Affairs, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes, with Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN in the chair. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The CHAIR. Pursuant to the rule, the 
bill is considered read the first time. 
The gentleman from Pennsylvania 
(Mr. D
ENT) and the gentleman from 
Georgia (Mr. B ISHOP ) each will control 
30 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Pennsylvania. 
Mr. DENT. Madam Chair, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
Today, it is my honor and privilege 
to bring H.R. 2029, the fiscal year 2016 Military Construction and Veterans Af-fairs and Related Agencies Appropria-tions bill, to the House of Representa-tives. 
I present this bill alongside my good 
friend and ranking member on the sub-committee, S
ANFORD BISHOP from 
Georgia, who has been an essential partner all along the way. I greatly ap-
preciate the participation and support of our committee members, both sides of the aisle, as we considered priorities and funding levels for the important programs in our bill. 
We analyzed the budget request, de-
veloped questions, held oversight hear-ings to hear directly from members of all the services, the Department of De-fense leadership, the Secretary of the VA, the VA inspector general, and the directors of four related agencies. We received over 700 requests from Mem-bers—again, from both sides of the aisle—and gave full consideration to each one. It has been a busy spring, and we did our best to accommodate those Member requests. 
As we consider this bill, I can’t pro-
ceed further without noticing that this subcommittee has a formidable level of support from the chair and ranking member of the full committee. Thank you, Chairman R
OGERS and Mrs. 
LOWEY . Your attention to oversight 
and genuine care for the military and veterans has been inspiring. 
To round out our team, we have some 
great support from our professional staff: Sue Quantius, Sarah Young, Tra-cey Russell, Maureen Holohan, and Matt Washington on the committee staff and Heather Smith, Drew Kent, and Sean Snyder on my personal staff. We couldn’t do it without all of them. 
H.R. 2029 demonstrates our firm com-
mitment to fully supporting the Na-tion’s veterans and servicemembers. Our investment of nearly $77 billion for military construction and Veterans Af-fairs that is 6 percent—6 percent—over last year’s level is unprecedented. This bill provides comprehensive support for servicemembers, military families, and veterans. It supports our troops with facilities and services necessary to maintain readiness and morale at bases here in the States and around the world. 
It provides for Defense Department 
schools and health clinics that take care of our military families, and the bill funds our veterans health care sys-tems to ensure that our promise to care for those who have sacrificed in defense of this great Nation continues as those men and women return home. We owe this to our veterans and are committed to sustained oversight so that programs deliver what they prom-ise and taxpayers are well served by the investments we make. 
On the military construction side, 
this bill provides a total of $7.7 billion for military construction projects and family housing, including base and 
overseas contingency operations fund-ing, an increase of $904 million. That is nearly 12 percent above the enacted fis-cal year 2015 level and $755 million 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:13 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00072 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29AP7.045 H29APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2575 April 29, 2015 
below the President’s request. This 
funding meets DOD’s most critical needs, including priorities for the com-batant commanders in EUCOM, CENTCOM, AFRICOM, and PACOM. 
It provides $607 million for military 
medical facilities, including the one at Landstuhl, Germany. It provides $334 million for the Department of Defense education facilities, for construction or renovation of 10 schools. It supports our Guard and Reserve through $512 million for facilities in 28 States. It fully funds military family housing at $1.4 billion. And it provides $150 million for the NATO security investment pro-gram, which is $30 million over the budget request. 
On the Veterans Affairs side, the leg-
islation includes a total of $163.2 billion in combined discretionary and manda-tory funding for the Department of Veterans Affairs. Discretionary fund-ing alone for veterans programs in the bill is $68.7 billion. Total fiscal year 2016 discretionary funding is $3.6 billion above 2015. It is a 5.6 percent increase and $1.4 billion below the request. Three billion dollars of this increase was advance funded. 
On the VA medical services side, the 
bill funds VA medical services at $48.6 billion. That includes $970 million that the VA came back and asked for on top of the advanced funding from last year. We stretched pretty far to do this, and we haven’t funded this second bite in the House before. It is tough to find $970 million in any budget environ-ment, but this committee did, showing again the level of bipartisan commit-ment we have to our veterans. 
For disability claims, we provide the 
full request for the Veterans Benefits Administration, which is a $163 million increase over fiscal year 2015, and the full request for the Board of Veterans Appeals. 
The bill will enhance transparency 
and accountability at the VA through further oversight and an increase for the VA Office of Inspector General’s independent audits and investigations. I can assure you the inspector general’s office has been very, very busy. 
This legislation also contains $233 
million for the modernization of the VA electronic health record and in-
cludes language restricting funding until the VA demonstrates progress on the system’s functionality and inter-operability. This is a major concern to all of us on both sides of the aisle, and I know the chairman, in particular, has been outspoken about this matter, but it is something that all of us, Repub-lican and Democrat, want to see fixed. 
On construction issues, major con-
struction within the VA is funded at $562 million, which is the same level as fiscal year 2015. The bill provides fund-ing for hospital replacement and allows the VA to continue to correct seismic safety issues and deficiencies. We did not fund the more-than-double budget request for construction, as we face the impact of gross mismanagement of the Colorado VA Hospital construction, which resulted in a $930 million cost overrun. That is not a typo: a $930 mil-lion cost overrun, which is nearly twice the entire VA major construction line item. We have also cracked down on oversight with multiple restrictions. 
We fund the American Battle Monu-
ments Commission, the Armed Forces Retirement Home, Arlington National Cemetery, and the U.S. Court of Ap-peals for Veterans Claims at the re-quested funding levels. 
In closing, this is a very solid bipar-
tisan bill that is focused on the needs of servicemembers, veterans, and all their families. We are $4.6 billion over the fiscal year 2015 level; again, a near-ly 6 percent increase. Not a cut. We have provided for our military and vet-erans to the very best level we can. 
Did we fund every last dime re-
quested? No. Not every idea has merit, and not every project is mission crit-ical. We did not fund some projects. We cut some requested increases, and we rescinded funds. These were fair deci-sions and part of our responsibility as appropriators. 
We have received a lot of criticism 
for the actions we have taken very re-cently. It started with an email cam-paign from the VA legislative affairs office; then a Statement of Adminis-tration Policy; and last, some of the VSOs have joined in. Let me tell you, in my time, before I was chairman of 
the subcommittee, and certainly in my time since I took over this position, I can say with absolute certainty, the VA’s problems stem from poor manage-ment, not too little money. Poor man-agement, not too little money. I will say that again. The problems we en-counter at the VA time after time— whether it is the Phoenix patient wait list scandal, the claims and benefits mess in Philadelphia, or the Denver hospital construction debacle—show 
that the VA’s problem is management, not money, and for the VA to complain about a 6 percent increase rather than an 8 percent increase and to call a 6 percent increase a cut—they call that a cut. 
Only in Washington, D.C., can some-
one call a 6 percent increase over last year a cut. Everywhere else in America it is a 6 percent increase, but not in this town. Amazing to me, and particu-larly from a Department that has so many severe managerial problems at this time. We need to be diligent with oversight and at the same time be a helping hand to the Department. There is a way out of the morass, but more money without the necessary manage-ment reforms is not the answer. 
I have talked to many Members 
about the VA, and just last night in the Committee on Rules, I got quite an earful there. Truly, Members are in agreement that we must help the VA transform because that transformation is crucial to serve veterans properly and to respect the taxpayers footing the bill. By the way, that frustration I have heard from Members is from both sides of the aisle, as was the case I heard last night in the Committee on Rules. 
We will do a lot of good with this bill. 
It is fair, it is balanced, and, at a 6 per-cent increase over last year, it is gen-erous. On behalf of our servicemem-bers, military families, and veterans, I urge your support of this legislation. Let’s take care of those who sacrifice for our country. It is time to do the right thing and support the bill. 
I reserve the balance of my time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:13 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00073 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29AP7.026 H29APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2576 April 29, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:13 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00074 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29AP7.011 H29APPT1
Insert offset folio 408/1 here EH29AP15.001SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSEonstruc 1on, 
TITLE I DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE 
construction, Army. i litary 
ilitary 
i l itary 
i l itary construction, Navy and Marine Corps. 
construction, Air Force.,. 
construction, Defense-Wide. 
Total, Active components. 
ilitary construction, Army National Guard .... , .. 
ilitary construction, Air National Guard ...... . 
ilitary construction, Army Reserve ......... . 
ilitary construction, Navy Reserve ........... . 
ilitary construction, Air Force Reserve ........ ,,. 
Total, Reserve components. , ... , . , ................ . 
Total, Military construction .... 
North Atlantic Treaty Organization Security Investment 
Program. 
Family housing construction, 
Family housing operation and 
Family housing construction, 
Family housing operation and 
Marl ne Corps .. 
Family housing construction, 
Family housing operation and 
Family housing operation and Army. 
maintenance, Army ... 
Navy and Marine Corps .. 
maintenance, Navy and 
Air Force. 
maintenance, Air Force .. 
maintenance, Defense-Wide 
Department of Defense Family Housing Improvement 
Fund 
Total, Family housing. 
Chemical demilitarization construction, Defense-Wide .. 
Department of Defense Base Closure Account 
Military 
Military 
Military 
Military 
130)'' ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS 
Construction -fiscal year 2014 (Sec. 127). 
Construction -fiscal year 2015 (Sec. 128). 
Construction. Army (Sec. 125) ... 
Construction, Navy and Marine Corps (Sec. 
Defense Access Roads (Sec. 131). 
Military Construction, Air Force (Sec. 126) .. ,, .. ,,,,. 
Military Construction, Defense-Wide (Sec. 127). 
NATO Security Investment Program (Sec. 132) .. 
42 USC 3374 (Sec. 128) .. 
Total, Administrative Provisions. 
Appropr·i at ions. 
Rescissions 
Total. title I, Department of Defense. 
Appropriations. 
Rescissions. 
TITLE II -DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS 
Veterans Benefits Administration 
Compensation and pensions .. 
Advance appropriation, FY 2017 ... gencies Appropriat1ons Act, 
thousands) 
FY 2015 
Enacted 
528,427 
1,018,772 
811,774 
1,991,690 
4,350,663 
128,920 
92,663 
103,946 
51 ,528 
49,492 
~-¥-~~-·~~~~--
426,549 
=======.:======:::: 
4,777,212 
:::::::::::::=::=::::::=:::::::::;;:;::::::::::::::: 
199,700 
78,609 
350,976 
16,412 
354,029 
327,747 
61 '100 
1 ,662 
============== 
1,190,535 
::::::::::::::=========== 
38,715 
315,085 
125,000 
117' 000 
-49,533 
-25,522 
-41,392 
-25,000 
-63,800 
36,753 
(242,000) 
(-205,247) 
======:::::::::::::::::::::::.:::::::::::: 
6,558,000 
(6,763,247) 
(-205,247) 
79,071,000 FY 2016 
Request 
743,245 
1 '669 '239 
1 '389' 185 
2' 300 ,767 
6,102,436 
197,237 
138,738 
113,595 
36,078 
65,021 
------------- ~ 
550,669 
::::;::::::;::::::::;;:=::=:::;:::;;::;;::;;:::;::;;: 
6' 653' 105 
============== 
120,000 
99,695 
393,511 
16,541 
353,036 
160,498 
331,232 
58,668 
===::::::::::;;:=:::;:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::: 
1,413,181 
============== 
251 '334 
8,437,620 
(8,437,620) 
79,124,675 
87' 146.761 Bi 11 
663,245 
1 '349' 678 
1,237,055 
1,931,456 
5,181,434 
167,437 
138,738 
104' 295 
36,078 
65,021 
511,569 
=======:::::::::::::::::::::::;;:::;: 
5,693,003 
====::::========= 
150,000 
99,695 
393,511 
16,541 
353,036 
160 '498 
331,232 
58,668 
:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::=::===== 
1 '413, 181 
::;::;:::::;:::::::::::=:::::::=::::::=:::::::::::::::: 
251,334 
-96,000 
30,000 
-52,600 
134,000 
-103,918 
356,518 
(30,000) 
386,518) 
::::!:::============ 
7' 151 '000 
(7,537,518) 
(-386,518) 
79,124,675 
87,146,'761 H.R. 2029) 
Bill vs. 
Enacted 
+134,818 
+330,906 
+425,281 
-60,234 
-- ---- ---~ ----
+830 771 
+38,517 
+46,075 
+349 
-15,450 
+15,529 
--------------
+85,020 
============== 
+915,791 
============== 
-49,700 
+21 '086 
+42,535 
+129 
-993 
+160,498 
+3,485 
-2,432 
-1 '662 
;:;:=:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::=::=:: 
+222,646 
============== 
38,715 
-63,751 
-125,000 
-117,000 
-46,467 
+25,522 
+30,000 
-11 '208 
-134,000 
+25,000 
-40' 118 
-393,271 
(-212,000) 
( -181 '271) 
============== 
+593,000 
(+774,271) 
( -181 '271) 
+53' 675 
+87' 146,761 Bi 11 vs. 
Request 
-80,000 
-319.561 
-152' 130 
-369,311 
-921 '002 
-29,800 
-9,300 
-39,100 
============== 
-960' 102 
:::::;:;::;:::::;:;;:;:::::.:;:::::;::::=::::::::;::::=:: 
+30. 000 
========:::::::::;:;::::::::::::: 
====::::::::::::;::;;;:;::;::::;:::::::::::::::::: 
-96,000 
+30,000 
-52,600 
134,000 
103.91-8 
-356,51,S 
(+30,000) 
(-386,518) 
::::.::::::.:::;;;;::::::::::;:::::::::::::::::::::::::== 
1,286,62-J 
(-900, 102) 
(-386,518) 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2577 April 29, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:13 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00075 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29AP7.011 H29APPT1
Insert offset folio 408/2 here EH29AP15.002SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSEMilitary Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, FY 2016 (H.R. 2029) 
(Amounts in thousands) 
Readjustment benefits. 
Advance appropriation, FY 2017. 
Veterans insurance and indemnities. 
Advance appropriation, FY 2017. 
Veterans housing benefit program fund: 
(indefinite). 
(Limitation on direct loans) .. 
Administrative expenses 
Vocational rehabilitation loans program account ...... . 
(Limitation on direct loans). 
Administrative expenses. 
Native American veteran housing loan program account. 
Total, Veterans Benefits Administration. 
Appropriations, ... , .. 
Advance appropriations, FY 2017. 
Veterans Health Administration 
Medical services: 
Advance from prior year. 
Current year request. 
Advance appropriation, FY 2017. 
Subtotal. 
Medical support and compliance: 
Advance from prior year ......................... . 
Current year request. . ......... . 
Advance appropriation, FY 2017 
Subtotal .. 
Medical facilities: 
Advance from prior year. . ........ . 
Current year request .. 
Advance appropriation, FY 2017 .. 
Subtota 1 . 
Medical and prosthetic research. 
Medical care cost recovery collections: 
Offsetting collections .. 
Appropriations (indefinite) ... 
Subtotal .............. . 
DoD-VA Joint Medical Funds (transfers out) .......... . 
DoD-VA Joint Medical Funds (by transfer) ............ .. 
DoD-VA Health Care Sharing Incentive Fund (Transfer 
out). 
DoD-VA Health Care Sharing Incentive Fund (by 
transfer). 
Total, Veterans Health Administration .. 
Appropriations .. 
Advance appropriations, FY 2017. 
Advances from prior year appropriations. 
National Cemetery Administration 
National Cemetery Administration .. FY 2015 
Enacted 
14,997,136 
63.257 
(500) 
160,881 
10 
(2,877) 
361 
1 '130 
============== 
94,293,775 
(94,293,775) 
:::::::::;:::::::::::::::::::;:::::::;:::::::::::; 
(45,015,527) 
209' 189 
47,603,202 
--------------
47,812.391 
(5,879,700) 
6' 144' 000 
--------------
6' 144' 000 
(4,739,000) 
4,915,000 
-------------
4,915,000 
588.922 
-2,456,000 
2,456,000 
--------------
(-276,251) 
(276,251) 
(-15,000) 
(15,000) 
:::::::;:::::::::::;::::::;:::::;:::::::::::::::::::::::: 
59,460,313 
(798,111) 
(58,662,202) 
(55,634,227) 
=======::::::::::;:;:::::::::::::: 
256,800 FY 2016 
Request 
15,344,922 
16,743,904 
77' 160 
91 '920 
(500) 
164,558 
31 
(2,952) 
367 
1 '134 
============== 
198,695,432 
(94,712,847) 
(103,982,585) 
::::::::::::::::::;:::::::::::::::::::::::: 
(47,603,202) 
1 '124. 197 
51,673,000 
--------------
52' 797' 197 
( 6' 144 '000) 
69,961 
6,524,000 
--------------
6,593,961 
(4,915,000) 
105' 132 
5,074,000 
---------
5, 179,132 
621 '813 
-2,445,000 
2,445,000 
--------------
(-286,000) 
(286,000) 
(-15,000) 
(15,000) 
::::::::::::::::::::::;:::::::;:::::::;::::;:::::::::::::: 
65' 192' 103 
(1 '921 '103) 
(63,271 ,000) 
(58,662,202) 
:::::::::::::::::::::;::;:::;:::::::;::::::;:::::;:; 
266,220 Bi1l 
15,344,922 
16,743,904 
77' 160 
91 '920 
(500) 
164' 558 
31 
(2,952) 
367 
1 '134 
============== 
198,695,432 
(94,712' 847) 
(103,982,585) 
:::::::::::::::::::::::;::::::::::::::::::::::;::: 
(47,603,202) 
969,554 
51 '673' 000 
--------------
52,642,554 
( 6 . 1 44 ' 000) 
6.524,000 
--------------
6,524,000 
(4,915,000) 
5,074,000 
-------------
5,074,000 
621 '813 
-2.445,000 
2,445,000 
--------------
("286,000) 
(286,000) 
( -15, 000) 
(15,000) 
========:=::::::::::::::::::::: 
64,862,367 
( 1 . 591 '367) 
(63,271 ,000) 
(58,662,202) 
;:::::==========::::= 
266,220 Bill vs. 
Enacted 
+347,786 
+16,743,904 
+13,903 
+91,920 
+3' 677 
+21 
(+75) 
+6 
+4 
============== 
+104,401,657 
(+419,072) 
(+103,982,585) 
:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::; 
(+2,587,675) 
+760,365 
+4,069,798 
--------------
+4.830, 163 
(+264,300) 
+380,000 
--------------
+380,000 
(+176, 000) 
+159, 000 
-----"--
+159,000 
+32,891 
+11 '000 
11 '000 --------------
(-9,749) 
(+9 ,749) 
=====::::======== 
+5,402 ,054 
(+793 '256) 
(+4,608, 798) 
(+3,027,975) 
:::;::::::::;::::::=:::::::::::::::;::::::;:::;; 
+9,420 8111 vs 
Request 
============== 
============== 
-154. 643 
-------------
-154.643 
-69,961 
--------------
-69,961 
-105.132 
---------
-105. 132 
--------------
============== 
-329,736 
(-329.736) 
:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::;::::::::::;;;;;; 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2578 April 29, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:13 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00076 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29AP7.011 H29APPT1
Insert offset folio 408/3 here EH29AP15.003SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSEMilitary Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, FY 2016 (H.R 2029) 
(Amounts in thousands) 
Departmental Administration 
General administration .... ........... 
Board of Veterans Appeals .. '' .. ' ....... 
General operating expenses, VBA. ................. '. 
Information technology systems .. . '. ' .... '' 
Office of Inspector General .. 
Construction, major projects. 
Construction, minor projects. 
Grants for construction of State extended care 
facilities. 
Grants for the construction of veterans cemeteries. 
Total, Departmental Administration. 
Administrative Provisions 
Medical services .. 
(Rescission). 
Medical support and 
(Rescission). 
Medical facilities. 
(Rescission) .. Section 226 
compliance. 
Bonus limit rescission (Sec. 233). 
JIF rescission (Sec. 238). 
Contract disability exams. 
Payraise absorption (Sec. 240 and 241) .. 
Total. Administrative Provisions .. 
Total, title II. 
Appropriations. 
Rescissions. 
Advance Appropriations. FY 2017: 
Mandatory. 
Discret·ionary .. 
Advances from prior year appropriations: 
Mandatory. . ................ . 
Discretionary. 
(limitation on direct loans). 
Discretionary ............ . 
Advances from prior year less FY 2017 advances 
Net discretionary. 
Mandatory .... 
Advances from prior year less FY 2017 advances 
Net mandatory .. 
Total mandatory and discretionary. 
TITLE III -RELATED AGENCIES 
American Battle Monuments Commission 
Salaries and expenses. FY 2015 
Enacted 
321 '591 
99,294 
2,534,254 
3,903,344 
126,411 
561 '800 
495,200 
90,000 
46,000 
8' 177' 894 
1 '400' 000 
-1 '400' 000 
100,000 
-100,000 
250,000 
-250,000 
-41 '000 
15,000 
40,000 
--. ~- w ~ ~ 
-16,000 
162' 172' 782 
(105,316,580) 
( -1 . 806' 000) 
(58,662,202) 
(55,634,227) 
(3' 377) 
( 68' 041 '389) 
(-3,027,975) 
--------------
(65,013,414) 
(94, 131 ,393) 
--------------
( 94' 1 31 ' 393) 
--------------
159' 144' 807 
::.:============ 
74' 100 FY 2016 
Request 
346,659 
107,884 
2,697,734 
4,133,363 
126,766 
'143' 800 
406,200 
80,000 
45,000 
9,087,406 
1 '400 '000 
-1 '400' 000 
100,000 
-100,000 
250,000 
-250,000 
:::::::::::::;:;:;::;:::::::::::-:::::::::::::::::::-:::::::::;: 
273,241 '161 
(107,737,576) 
( -1 ,750. 000) 
103,982,585 
(63,271 ,000) 
(58,662,202) 
(3,452) 
(74,711,819) 
(-4,608,798) 
--------------
(70,103,021) 
(198,529,342) 
( 103,982,585) 
--------------
(94,546,757) 
164,649,778 
============== 
75,100 Bill 
336,659 
107,884 
2,697,734 
4,038,363 
131 ,766 
561 '800 
406,200 
80,000 
45,000 
8,405,406 
1,400,000 
-1,400,000 
100,000 
-100,000 
250,000 
250,000 
-101 '000 
-15,000 
-313,626 
-----* --~ --~ -
-429,626 
:::::::;:::;::::::::::-:::::::::=::=:::::::::::: 
271,799,799 
(106, 412' 214) 
(-1.866,000) 
103,982,585 
(63,271 ,000) 
(58,662,202) 
(3,452) 
(73,270,457) 
( -4' 608 ,798) 
--------------
( 68' 661 '659) 
(198,529,342) 
(-103,982,585) 
--------------
(94,546,757) 
--------------
163,208,416 
============== 
75' 100 Bill vs. 
Enacted 
+15,068 
+8,590 
+163,480 
+135,019 
+5,355 
89,000 
-10,000 
-1 '000 
+227,512 
-60,000 
-40,000 
-313,626 
-413,626 
==========:::::::::::.:::;;; 
+1 09. 627' 017 
(+1 ,095,634) 
(-60,000) 
+103.982,585 
(+4,608,798) 
(+3 .027,975) 
(+75) 
(+5,229,068) 
(-1 ,580,823) 
--------------
(+3,648,245) 
(+104,397,949) 
(-103,982,585) 
----------
(+415,364) 
--------------
+4,063,609 
============== 
+1. 000 ( Bi I I vs 
Request 
-10,000 
-95,000 
+5,000 
-582,000 
-682,000 
-101 '000 
15,000 
-313, 626 
---------
-429,626 
-1,441,362 
1 '325' 362) 
(-116,000) 
(-1,441,362) 
--------------
(-1,441.362) 
--------------
-1,441.362 
====::::::::========= 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2579 April 29, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:13 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00077 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29AP7.011 H29APPT1
Insert offset folio 408/4 here EH29AP15.004SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSEMilitary Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act. FY 2016 (H.R. 2029) 
(Amounts in thousands) 
Foreign currency fluctuations account. 
Total, American Battle Monuments Commission .... 
U.S. Court of Appeals for Veterans Claims 
Salaries and expenses .. 
Department of Defense -Civil 
Cemeterial Expenses, Army 
Salaries and expenses. 
Armed Forces Retirement Home -Trust Fund 
Operation and maintenance. 
Capital program. 
Total, Armed Forces Retirement Home .. 
Total, title III .. 
TITLE IV -OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS 
Military Construction. Navy and Marine Corps. , , , . 
Military Construction, Air Force. 
Military Construction, Defense-Wide .. . ' . ' ' ' . ' ' . . ' . 
European Reassurance Initiative Military Construction. 
Total, title IV. 
Grand total ... , .. 
Appropriations .... 
Rescissions ... 
Advance appropriations, FY 2017 .. 
Overseas contingency operations. 
Advances from prior year appropriations .... 
(By transfer). 
(Transfer out). . ......... . 
(Limitation on direct loans). FY 2015 
Enacted 
1 '900 
------ ~-------
76,000 
31 '386 
65,800 
62.400 
1 '000 
63,400 
236,586 
46,000 
175,000 
221 '000 
===::========== 
169,188,368 
(112,316,413) 
(-2,011 ,247) 
(58.662,202) 
(221,000) 
(55,634,227) 
(291 '251) 
( -291 '251) 
(3' 377) FY 2016 
Request 
2,000 
--------------
77,100 
32' 141 
70,800 
63,300 
1 '000 
64,300 
244,341 
::::::::::::::::::.::;:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::: 
281 '923' 122 
(116,419,537) 
( 1,750,000) 
(167,253,585) 
(58,662,202) 
(301 ,000) 
( -301 '000) 
(3,452) Bill 
2,000 
-----------~- ~ 
77' 100 
32' 141 
70,800 
63,300 
1 ,000 
64,300 
244,341 
244,004 
75,000 
212,996 
532,000 
:::::::::::::::::::;:;:::.::::=:;:;::::;::;:;:;::;:;::::: 
279 '727' 140 
(114, 194,073) 
(-2,252,518) 
(167,253,585) 
(532,000) 
(58,662,202) 
(301,000) 
( -301 '000) 
(3,452) Bill vs 
Enacted 
+100 
--------------
+1 '100 
+755 
+5,000 
+900 
+900 
+7,755 
+244,004 
+75,000 
+166,996 
-175,000 
+311,000 
:::::;:::::::::::::::::::::::::::;;:::;::::::::;:::::::: 
+110,538,772 
(+1 '877' 660) 
( -241 '271) 
( +1 08' 591 '383) 
(+311 ,000) 
(+3,027,975) 
(+9,749) 
( -9,749) 
(+75) Bill VS 
Request 
--------------
+244,004 
+75.000 
+212 ,996 
+532, 000 
======:::::======::::: 
-2,195,982 
(-2,225,464) 
(-502.518) 
(+532,000) 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2580 April 29, 2015 
Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
Madam Chair, let me say that I am 
delighted to have the opportunity to work with Chairman D
ENTof the sub-
committee as well as the chairman and ranking member of the full committee. 
Madam Chair, as you know, this bill 
has a strong reputation for common ground and bipartisanship. We are pleased with several aspects of the bill. For example, the bill maintains tough but fair reporting requirements for VistA modernization, which closely tracks the VA’s development of its electronic health record. 
The bill continues to prioritize the 
elimination of the veterans claims backlog by fully funding the fiscal year 2016 requests: $18.3 million for a cen-tralized mail initiative which consoli-dates inbound paper mail from regional offices to a centralized intake site, as well as $140.8 million for the Veterans Claims Intake Program to scan and convert paper claims into a digital for-mat. I believe that these are all posi-tive steps to making the VA function better. 
Furthermore, Chairman D
ENT has 
avoided including contentious legisla-tive riders, which is very much appre-ciated. Unfortunately, however, the chairman was forced to write a bill under the majority’s fiscal year 2016 budget resolution, which chose to lock in the Budget Control Act levels and to use gimmicks to boost defense funding. Because of the budget resolution’s fail-ure to provide relief from these budget caps—which were established in 2011 and later adjusted in 2013—the chair-man was forced to make some tough choices due to the allocation that he was given. 
While military construction is pro-
vided $7.2 billion, an increase of $593 million above 2015, it is still $1.2 billion below the budget request. In an effort to avoid the defense budget cap, the bill shifts $532 million to the overseas contingency operations funding stream, even though the fiscal year 2016 budget request did not include an OCO request. This is a gimmick, purely a gimmick to boost defense spending by pumping up the OCO budget, which is not limited by the budget law. 
The Department of Veterans Affairs 
is funded at $68.7 billion, and while it is $3.6 billion above fiscal year 2015, the enacted level, it is also $1.4 billion below the fiscal year 2016 budget re-quest. The inadequate fiscal year 2016 allocation again forced the chairman to slice the request for military con-struction by $582 billion. That is hos-pital construction. 
Furthermore, the bill includes lan-
guage that directs that only replace-ment, safety, and security projects can receive budgeted funding. This is trou-bling language, and it eliminates all national cemetery projects for fiscal year 2016 and puts several other projects in jeopardy. 
b1445 
The majority claims they reduced 
the construction account because the half-built Veterans Affairs Denver hos-
pital project is drastically over budget and riddled with mistakes. 
I certainly agree that the VA needs 
to be held accountable for the poor job in managing the Denver hospital project; however, no funds for the Den-ver hospital were allocated within the MILCON-VA bill. 
Additionally, I am not aware of any 
similar issues with any of the other re-quested projects in the bill for FY12, including replacement, clinic construc-tion, seismic improvements, or ceme-tery construction. 
I believe the majority’s budget caps 
and resulting inadequate allocation— not the problems in Denver—led to cut-ting construction in half. I am con-cerned that, if the reduction stands, it will further contribute to the gaps in access, utilization, and safety that were already identified in the VA’s an-nual Strategic Capital Investment pro-gram process. 
Madam Chair, this committee can no 
longer afford to function under the Budget Control Act caps. The reduc-tions to VA will cause gaps in access, utilization, and safety and could lower the standard of care due our veterans. 
Madam Chairman, as I pointed out 
during the MILCON-VA markup, the FY 2017 advance funding will consume $4.6 billion of the nondefense discre-tionary cap next year, so this problem will only get worse. Certainly, the De-partment of Defense cannot be the only winner. 
Using the FY 2016 budget levels will 
produce a long summer and an early fall, with no real progress on the FY 2016 bills. If so, it is inevitable that a continuing resolution or a series of continuing resolutions will be needed to keep the government open and run-ning in place long past the new fiscal year starts on October 1. 
We cannot continue to govern in this 
fashion. I believe that it is well past time to be strategic about how we han-dle our Federal budget, and now, we need to take the next step toward a more responsible budget process so we can eventually stop lurching from one crisis to the next. 
I believe that Chairman D
ENTcrafted 
the best bill he could with the alloca-tion he was given. I also believe that this is the first step in a long process, and I am concerned about the impact these reductions to the VA construc-tion account could have, and we believe they will have to be addressed before the process. 
To that end, I am prepared to offer 
an amendment to the bill restoring the full funding of the request so that we can, in fact, do justice by our veterans and do what is necessary for our mili-tary construction without using budget gimmicks. At the appropriate time, I will offer an amendment to do that. 
Madam Chairman, at this time, I re-
serve the balance of my time. 
Mr. DENT. Madam Chairman, I yield 
such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. R
OG-ERS), the full committee chairman, and 
I want to thank him for all his support and leadership in putting this bill to-gether. 
Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. Chair-
man, thank you for yielding time. 
Madam Chairman, I rise in support of 
this bill, the Military Construction and Veterans Affairs bill for 2016. In doing that, I want to congratulate Chairman D
ENT, the new chairman of this sub-
committee. This is his maiden voyage as chairman of this subcommittee. He is a cardinal now. He has done a great job putting together this bill. 
I also want to thank Mr. B
ISHOP , the 
ranking member on the other side, for his cooperation in making this bill what it is today. 
This is the first bill of the process, 
and I am pleased that we are off to a very early start—I am told the earliest start since 1974—continuing our good work from last year. I am optimistic that we are going to have a successful appropriations year, finishing on time and under regular order. 
We are beginning the year on the 
right foot with a bipartisan bill, Madam Chairman, that I believe we can all get behind. The FY 2016 Mili-tary Construction and Veterans Affairs Appropriations bill includes, as has been said, $76.6 billion in discretionary funding for important veterans benefits and services and for the infrastructure that supports the brave men and women serving in our Armed Forces and their families. 
This is a total of $4.6 billion over last 
year. No one can call this a cut and be realistic about it. We have increased the funding by $4.6 billion year-to-year. We can’t say that for all the other bills. Yes, we went overboard with what we had to work with in providing funds for the veterans and for military construction. That is a demonstration of our commitment to our warfighters and to our veterans and their loved ones, who sacrifice so much to protect this great Nation. 
Within the total, the bill includes 
$7.7 billion for the DOD’s construction projects in the U.S. and around the world, which provide our servicemem-bers with the infrastructure they need to remain at the ready. 
The legislation also provides a total 
of $68.7 billion in discretionary funding for the Department of Veterans Affairs. That is a 5.6 percent increase over last year to guarantee the VA has the re-sources they need to care for every sin-gle qualified veteran, including meet-ing growing healthcare needs. 
To that end, VA medical services are 
funded at $3.8 billion above the current level. That will treat 6.9 million eligi-ble patients, providing mental health care, helping prevent suicide, and sup-porting research into prosthetics and traumatic brain injuries, among nu-merous other health initiatives. How-ever, it is critical that we make sure the VA is being responsible with these taxpayer dollars. 
It is clear that the VA is facing some 
considerable management challenges, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:13 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00078 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29AP7.028 H29APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2581 April 29, 2015 
and so this bill provides the oversight 
that will hold the Department account-able for its mistakes and takes the nec-essary steps to address and correct these problems. 
For instance, the bill keeps a close 
eye on how the VA is spending its con-struction dollars by requiring reports on construction costs, savings, and changes in scope. 
This is a good bill, Madam Chairman. 
I urge its adoption. 
Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Madam 
Chair, at this time, I yield 4 minutes to the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. L
OWEY ), the full committee ranking 
member. 
Mrs. LOWEY. Madam Chair, before I 
begin, I would like to thank Sub-committee Chairman D
ENTand Rank-
ing Member B ISHOP , who worked so 
well together, and full Committee Chairman R
OGERS . 
The House Republican ‘‘work harder 
for less’’ budget resolution was opposed by every Member on my side of the aisle, in part because it makes it im-possible to provide the funding nec-essary in the 12 appropriations bills to grow our economy and give hard-work-ing Americans the opportunity to suc-ceed. 
Democrats preferred the approach 
taken by the President, calling for an end to sequestration and more reason-able and realistic budgeting that can help families afford college, a home, and a secure retirement. 
Refusing to adopt a sufficient overall 
allocation for discretionary invest-ments has a significant impact on the initiatives in all the appropriation bills that grow the economy and create jobs. 
The bill we consider today presents a 
false choice. The VA needs more re-sources in 2016 than 2015 to sustain its level of services for the brave men and women it serves. The majority invests a disproportionate share of the alloca-tion’s nondefense funds in the Military Construction and Veterans Affairs bill; yet it still falls far short of meeting VA’s actual needs. 
The equivalent of 70,000 fewer vet-
erans would receive medical care under this bill, compared to the President’s request. In addition, it further reduces funds available for priorities in the other spending bills for transportation infrastructure, job training, higher education, biomedical research, and clean energy, just as an example. All these initiatives are key to economic growth and creating opportunity for hard-working Americans, especially veterans. 
Additionally, $532 million in today’s 
bill would be shifted to overseas con-tingency operations in a gimmick to boost defense spending. 
Even with these tricks, the Military 
Construction and Veterans Affairs bill would have a profound impact on mili-tary families and veterans, forcing a $2.7 billion cut below what the Presi-dent says is necessary, including $754 million less for military construction, $155 million less for medical services, $70 million less for medical support and 
compliance, $105 million less for med-ical facilities, and $582 million less for VA construction projects. 
These cuts, which hurt those who 
have sacrificed for our country, are un-acceptable. Not everything requested by the President is sacrosanct, and Congress has a duty—it is an important part of our responsibility—to evaluate each and every line item in a budget proposal. Such an assessment of this bill makes clear that many accounts are clearly underfunded. 
Despite the abundant shortcomings, 
there are some positive aspects, includ-ing reporting requirements for elec-tronic health records and prioritizing the elimination of the veterans claims backlog. 
It is imperative that, as the bill pro-
gresses toward enactment, improve-ments are made and that, as the entire appropriations process continues, we reach an agreement that will ensure these bills invest in our hard-working families’ economic security. 
Mr. DENT. Madam Chair, at this 
time, I yield 3 minutes to the gentle-woman from Alabama (Mrs. R
OBY), who 
has been a tireless advocate for the needs of the veterans in her commu-nity in Alabama. 
Mrs. ROBY. First, I thank the chair-
man and the ranking member for their hard work on this bill, and I thank the chairman for yielding. 
Madam Chairman, I am so grateful 
for this opportunity to stand here today in support of H.R. 2029, the Mili-tary Construction and Veterans Affairs and Related Agencies Appropriations Act. 
This bill undeniably provides much- 
needed funding for both our veterans programs and military projects, while staying within the strict limits of our House-passed budget resolution. 
I am especially proud because there 
is funding that we were able to secure in this bill for the folks in Alabama, right at home, including new school construction both at Fort Rucker, the home of Army aviation excellence, and $33 million for new school construction at Maxwell Air Force Base, much-need-ed dollars for our military families at this post and this base, and also fund-ing for a new squadron operations facil-ity at Dannelly Field. 
These are all extremely important to 
our critical military functions in Ala-bama. Anybody who has been on post at Rucker or at the base at Maxwell knows that these schools are in dis-repair and are in need of replacing. 
Our military families deserve quality 
on-base facilities, and these projects are going to go a long way to help im-prove their quality of life right there in Alabama. 
I want to address, though, what I was 
struck with—and everyone else in this institution—when I woke up this morn-ing, Madam Chair. I was extremely dis-appointed, alongside my colleagues, to see that the President, yet again, has threatened to veto this bill. This bill provides critical, much- 
needed funding for our military fami-lies and our veterans, and the Presi-dent should not play around with that. 
b1500 
Under this administration we have 
failed our veterans miserably. And only in Washington, D.C., when you see an increase of $3.6 billion for our VA to provide these critical needs for our men and women who have worn the uniform and put their lives on the line for the freedom and liberty that allow us to stand in this room today, only in Washington, D.C., will a $3.6 billion in-crease on behalf of our veterans be called a cut. 
You know why, Madam Chair? It is being called a cut because it is 
the only way to shift the blame away from this administration’s failure to 
our veterans back to the Republican- led House. It is clearly politics that is driving us, and I am asking, Madam Chair, that the President seriously rethink his position. 
The administration needs to take re-
sponsibility, and they are trying, once again, to point fingers at leadership in this House that is doing all that we can to ensure that our veterans get timely care and the best care that we can pro-vide them. This is cynical, and it is shameful, and I believe—I believe—that the American people can see straight through it. 
So I hope, again, Madam Chair, that 
the President will reconsider this posi-tion because there is no place—no place—here in this bill for political gamesmanship when it comes to our military families and our veterans. 
Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Madam 
Chair, at this time I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. L
EE), a member of the Subcommittee 
on Military Construction and Veterans Affairs. 
Ms. LEE. Madam Chairman, let me 
thank the ranking member for yield-ing, for his unwavering leadership for our veterans on this committee, and for your friendship. Thank you very much, Mr. B
ISHOP . 
Let me also thank Chairman D ENT, 
in addition to Ranking Member B ISHOP , 
really for working very hard in a bipar-tisan way on a variety of issues facing our veterans, including empowering our vets in their transition back to ci-vilian life and ensuring adequate and accessible access to care. 
As the daughter of a veteran, I under-
stand the enormous sacrifices that our servicemembers and their families make to serve our Nation, so this sub-committee is extremely important. 
I want to thank the ranking member 
and chair for working with me and my colleagues on the subcommittee to in-clude important report language on the backlog at the Oakland VA regional of-fice, which is, of course, one of the worst in the Nation. 
I want to thank our ranking member, 
Congresswoman B
ROWN , who is here 
today, for her leadership on the com-mittee in shedding some light also on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:13 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00079 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29AP7.029 H29APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2582 April 29, 2015 
what is taking place at the Oakland 
VA regional office. 
This language will ensure that the 
Oakland office not only has to provide Congress with accurate information on what has happened with these back-logged claims, but it will require the Veterans Benefits Administration to outline the lessons learned and what the new protocols are to ensure that no veteran faces delays in accessing care. 
Yet, of course, insufficient alloca-
tions in this bill leave much work to be done. The 2016 MILCON-VA approps bill includes a $582 million cut from the major construction account. Now, that is half of the President’s request of $1.1 billion. 
Simply put, the level of funds allo-
cated in this bill is totally insufficient and, yes, it undermines the responsi-bility we have to provide our veterans with the best and most innovative care. As a result, the construction of vital medical facilities that will serve our veterans will be delayed. This in-cludes the initial phase of construction for the state-of-the-art Alameda Point outpatient clinic in my own congres-sional district, which serves thousands of veterans in the northern California area. 
The CHAIR. The time of the gentle-
woman has expired. 
Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. I yield the 
gentlewoman an additional 1 minute. 
Ms. LEE. Thank you very much. I just want to thank the ranking 
member and the chair for continuing to work with me to ensure that the limi-tation language in the report with re-gard to major construction funds for the VA does not preclude clinics like, for example, the Alameda Point out-patient clinic. 
Addressing the limitation language 
and restoring funding to the Presi-dent’s request level for major construc-tion is really vital to ensuring that our Nation keeps the promise that we have made to our brave veterans to give them access to the best care. 
Madam Chair, we really can’t afford 
what these cuts will do with our vet-erans. We can’t afford to allow this dangerous and harmful impact of se-questration now to be locked in by these allocations before us today. These dismal numbers, they directly affect our veterans’ access to care that they need and that they have earned. 
So I hope that, as this process moves 
forward, these insufficient allocations are resolved. 
Mr. DENT. I yield such time as he 
may consume to the gentleman from California (Mr. D
ENHAM ) for a colloquy. 
Mr. DENHAM. Madam Chair, every 
Member of this body recognizes the special obligation this House has to take care of our veterans. We also have an obligation to ensure that the funds we entrust to the Department of Vet-erans Affairs are actually properly spent. 
The shocking waste of funds at the 
Aurora Hospital in Denver has rightly earned the outrage of both this body and the American public. The $930 mil-
lion in cost overruns in Denver will have to be paid for by taking funds that could otherwise have accelerated critical access projects across the country or assisted the Department as it attempts to tackle the backlog in claims at the Veterans Benefits Admin-istration. 
I am particularly concerned that the 
complete failure of project manage-ment of the Denver hospital is nega-tively impacting veterans in my dis-trict. They have already suffered from a lack of access to care. 
Specifically, I am seeking clarity on 
what the committee intends with the major construction funding appro-priated under this bill. The Committee report includes language requiring the funding provided for major construc-tion to be used for new hospital con-struction and seismic corrections. 
One of the projects included in this 
request is the Livermore Realignment and Closure project. This project would utilize FY 2016 funding to provide for the complete construction of a new medical facility at French Camp in the Central Valley. The facility would pro-vide direct medical care to more than 87,000 veterans in its service area and dramatically reduce the nearly 6-hour commute faced by veterans in my dis-trict for even routine health care. 
Madam Chairman, does the Liver-
more Realignment and Closure project, a project that was authorized more than a decade ago by this Congress, meet the criteria for funding set by the committee in the report accompanying this appropriations bill? 
Mr. DENT. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. DENHAM. I yield to the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania. 
Mr. DENT. Madam Chair, I thank the 
gentleman from California for offering this opportunity to clarify the meaning 
of our report language. I do share your concern about the mismanagement of construction projects by the VA. It is delaying vital projects such as Liver-more. 
In this report, we simply made clear 
the priority for funding hospital con-struction and seismic corrections. 
Within the funds provided in the bill, unallocated major construction fund-ing remains available, and the VA has the ability to allocate those funds to-wards French Camp as well as other projects in the budget request. The re-port instructs the VA to make that de-termination and provide a list of projects to this committee. 
I have heard similar concerns from 
other Members, including the gentle-lady, Ms. L
EE, who just spoke a few 
moments ago, who have projects in-cluded in this request, such as Alameda Clinic and a rehabilitative therapy clinic in St. Louis, which the adminis-tration could also choose to fund. 
I appreciate these concerns and the 
opportunity to provide some clarity. I hope that is helpful. But nothing pre-cludes funding. 
Madam Chair, I reserve the balance 
of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Madam 
Chair, I yield 2 minutes to the gentle-woman from Florida (Ms. B
ROWN ), who 
is the ranking member of the House Veterans’ Affairs Committee and a strong supporter of our veterans. 
Ms. BROWN of Florida. Madam Chair 
and Members of the House, I rise in strong opposition to the Military Con-struction and Veterans Affairs Appro-priations bill. 
After taking steps forward with the 
new Choice Act program, this Repub-lican budget takes two steps back with its cuts to veterans health care, just another example of Republicans talk-ing the talk but not walking the walk. But don’t take my word for it. If you ask the veterans service organizations who represent the interests of vet-erans, every one of them is opposing this bill. 
The national commanders of the Vet-
erans of Foreign Wars said the fol-lowing about the Republican Veterans bill: 
The VA cannot fulfill its mission without 
proper funding, but the House, for whatever reason, now wants to ration care, eliminate infrastructure projects, and stop improving upon the programs and services that the VA was created to provide. This is a bad bill for veterans, and anyone that votes for it should really take a second look. 
And let me just say one other thing. 
I often say, if you are not in the room, you are on the menu, and I am sure that veterans never thought that Re-publicans would put them on the menu. 
Mr. DENT. Madam Chair, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume, and I just want to respond to the gentle-woman from Florida’s comments. 
You know, a lot of people have been 
saying that we cut spending in this bill. The President requested an 8 per-cent increase. We provided for a 6 per-cent increase. 
You know, because the President 
makes a request does not mean that Congress has to behave like potted plants and simply accede to every item that the President has asked for. That is not our role as Members of Congress. 
Our job is to provide some real seri-
ous oversight over a department that has failed in many respects. And Mem-bers on both sides of the aisle agree with that, given the problems of Den-ver, Phoenix, Philadelphia, Oakland, and elsewhere. I can go through a long list. 
But some of the oversight mecha-
nisms in this bill, I should mention, in-clude things like requiring a spending plan before construction dollars can be spent. We did that because of what has happened all across the country. 
We prohibit increases in the scope of 
construction projects. We prohibit transfer of funds between construction projects. We fence 75 percent of funding until conditions are met, cut funding for poorly performing offices, require detailed quarterly reports regarding disability compensation claims. We have tightened restrictions on re-programming. We have also rescinded 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:13 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00080 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29AP7.031 H29APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2583 April 29, 2015 
$415 million from VA pay accounts, 
that is pay and bonuses, limiting the amount of money available for pay in-creases and bonuses. 
Should we reward failure at the VA? I mean, there are management prob-
lems at the VA. It is not simply about money. We all know this. And given you can open up a newspaper every day, just 2 weeks ago in the city of Philadelphia, at the regional office there, a scathing inspector general’s report about the failures, and to simply reward that would be unconscionable on our part. 
Ms. BROWN of Florida. Will the gen-
tleman yield? 
Mr. DENT. I yield to the gentle-
woman. 
Ms. BROWN of Florida. My question 
is: Will you admit that this budget will deny 70,000 veterans from receiving health care? 
Mr. DENT. Reclaiming my time, I 
will tell you that this budget ade-quately meets—more than adequately meets—the needs of our servicemem-bers and our veterans and their fami-lies. 
Madam Chair, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Madam 
Chair, I have no further speakers. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. DENT. Madam Chair, again, just 
urging all Members to support this im-portant legislation. It is the right thing to do. We have no further speak-ers at this time. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. All time for general de-
bate has expired. 
Pursuant to the rule, the bill shall be 
considered for amendment under the 5- minute rule. 
During consideration of the bill for 
amendment each amendment shall be debatable for 10 minutes equally di-vided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent and shall not be sub-ject to amendment. No pro forma amendment shall be in order except that the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Appro-priations or their respective designees may offer up to 10 pro forma amend-ments each at any point for the pur-pose of debate. The Chair of the Com-mittee of the Whole may accord pri-ority in recognition on the basis of whether the Member offering an amendment has caused it to be printed in the portion of the C
ONGRESSIONAL  
RECORD designated for that purpose. 
Amendments so printed shall be con-sidered read. 
The Clerk will read. The Clerk read as follows: 
H.R. 2029 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That the following sums 
are appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for military construction, the Department of Veterans Affairs, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes, namely: TITLE I 
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE 
M
ILITARY CONSTRUCTION , ARMY 
For acquisition, construction, installation, 
and equipment of temporary or permanent public works, military installations, facili-ties, and real property for the Army as cur-rently authorized by law, including per-sonnel in the Army Corps of Engineers and other personal services necessary for the purposes of this appropriation, and for con-struction and operation of facilities in sup-port of the functions of the Commander in Chief, $663,245,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided , That of this 
amount, not to exceed $109,245,000 shall be available for study, planning, design, archi-tect and engineer services, and host nation support, as authorized by law, unless the Secretary of the Army determines that addi-tional obligations are necessary for such pur-poses and notifies the Committees on Appro-priations of both Houses of Congress of the determination and the reasons therefor. 
b1515 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . BISHOP OF  
GEORGIA  
Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Madam 
Chairman, I rise to offer an amend-ment. 
The CHAIR. The Clerk will report the 
amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 2, line 18, after the dollar amount, in-
sert ‘‘(reduced by $1) (increased by $1)’’. 
Page 27, line 9, after the dollar amount, in-
sert ‘‘(increased by $154,643,000)’’. 
Page 28, line 15, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(increased by $69,691,000)’’. 
Page 29, line 9, after the dollar amount, in-
sert ‘‘(increased by $105,132,000)’’. 
Page 30, line 15, after the first dollar 
amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $10,000,000)’’. 
Page 32, line 5, after the dollar amount, in-
sert ‘‘(increased by $95,000,000)’’. 
Page 36, line 5, after the first dollar 
amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $582,000,000)’’. 
Strike section 233. Strike section 238. Strike section 240. Strike section 241. 
Mr. BISHOP of Georgia (during the 
reading). Madam Chair, I ask unani-mous consent to dispense with the reading. 
The CHAIR. Is there objection to the 
request of the gentleman from Geor-gia? 
There was no objection. Mr. DENT. Madam Chairman, I re-
serve a point of order on the gentle-man’s amendment. 
The CHAIR. A point of order is re-
served. 
Pursuant to House Resolution 223, 
the gentleman from Georgia and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Georgia. 
Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Madam 
Chair, the amendment that I am offer-ing should be supported by every Mem-ber of this House. Very simply, it would restore the Military Construc-tion and Veterans Affairs funding bill to the full amount requested by the ad-ministration and to the full amount deemed necessary by the affected agen-cies. 
Last night, the Veterans of Foreign 
Wars, one of the largest veterans serv-ice organizations in the United States, 
put out a letter calling this year’s MILCON-VA bill ‘‘bad for veterans.’’ They oppose the bill. 
The Independent Budget group, 
which consists of the AMVETS, the Disabled American Veterans, the Para-lyzed Veterans of America, and Vet-erans of Foreign Wars, expressed seri-ous concerns with this bill. The Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of America also expressed their serious concerns with this bill. In their letter, they called on Congress to provide the en-tire $1.5 billion that was cut from the budget request for the VA, which this House should do immediately. 
Without this necessary funding, 
much-needed investments in veterans health care will be shortchanged, and important services will be com-promised. 
I understand that House rules make 
it difficult to add money to a spending bill’s allocation, but I sincerely hope that we don’t hide behind that as an excuse. 
We should be doing the right thing on 
behalf of our Nation’s veterans. We have the power to do it. We need to pass a law to change the law which limits us and puts this cap on what we can do to take care of our veterans and our military construction. This amend-ment addresses that, and I urge all of my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ and to demonstrate to the veteran community that the message has been received. 
Madam Chair, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Ms. BROWN of Florida. Madam Chair, I rise 
in strong support of this amendment, which in-creases funding for all the VA programs that the Republicans cut in this year’s Mil Con-VA Appropriations bill. 
Our troops continue the fight to keep our 
country safe and to ensure the blessings of liberty that we enjoy. And after their service in the military ends, many are in desperate need of quality health care to make a healthy transi-
tion to civilian life. 
As Members of Congress, it is our job to 
make sure that the men and women who fought for our freedom have access to high quality, comprehensive health care services. One of our first obligations to meeting this de-mand is ensuring that the Department of Vet-eran’s Affairs (VA) has the resources it needs to provide top-notch care to our veterans. Just a few months ago, President Barack Obama proposed a budget for 2016 which will help to meet the needs of the VA by providing $70.2 billion in discretionary funding for VA, a 7.5 percent increase from 2015. This proposed budget would also provide $3.2 billion in esti-mated medical care collections and $95.3 bil-lion for VA’s mandatory benefit programs. 
However, I am deeply disappointed in that 
H.R. 2029, the House MilCon, VA and Related Agencies Appropriations Subcommittee’s pro-posal cuts $1.4 billion from the President’s budget request. This is simply a desperate at-tempt to balance our nation’s budget on the backs of our veterans, and it is not accept-able. 
The Veterans have fought for our nation, 
and now is the time we need to fight for them. 
I ask my colleagues on both sides of the 
aisle to stand with me and the millions of our 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:13 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00081 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K29AP7.032 H29APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2584 April 29, 2015 
nations’ veterans and support this amendment 
to appropriately fund the VA and provide serv-ices to our veterans that they earned from their years of service. 
[April 28, 2015] 
VFW C ALLS NEWVA A PPROPRIATIONS BILL 
‘BAD FOR VETERANS ’ 
WASHINGTON .—The national commander of 
the Veterans of Foreign Wars of the United States said the U.S. House of Representa-tives is set to penalize disabled veterans this week if it votes to reduce the Department of Veterans Affairs budget request by more than $1.5 billion. 
‘‘The nationwide crisis in care and con-
fidence that erupted in the VA last year was caused in many ways by a lack of adequate resourcing that only Congress is authorized to provide,’’ said John W. Stroud, who leads the 1.9 million-member VFW and its Auxil-iaries. ‘‘That’s why the VFW is demanding that the House amend this bill to appro-priate a funding level that fully funds VA.’’ 
In its current form, the fiscal year 2016 
Military Construction and Veterans Affairs Appropriations Bill makes across-the-board cuts to all VA discretionary accounts, and drastically underfunds medical care, major construction and Information Technology accounts. Stroud said across-the-board cuts to discretionary spending is what Congress created back in 2011, but by another name, sequestration. Now the House wants to im-pose its own sequester on a federal depart-ment whose sole mission is to care for wounded, ill and injured veterans. 
‘‘The VA cannot fulfill its mission without 
proper funding, but the House for whatever reason now wants to ration care, eliminate infrastructure projects, and stop improving upon the programs and services that the VA was created to provide,’’ said the VFW na-tional commander. ‘‘This bill is bad for vet-erans and any vote for it is unconscionable, which is why we want veterans and advo-cates everywhere to get involved by urging their elected officials to fully fund the VA.’’ 
I
RAQ AND AFGHANISTAN  
VETERANS OF AMERICA , 
April 28, 2015. 
Hon. J OHNBOEHNER , 
Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. N
ANCY PELOSI , 
Minority Leader, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR MR. SPEAKER AND MADAM MINORITY  
LEADER : On behalf of the 400,000 members of 
Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of America (IAVA), we write to express concern over the House Committee on Appropriations’ April 22, 2015 markup and vote on the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) appropriations bill for Fiscal Year (FY) 2016. 
Over the expressed objections of the ad-
ministration, the committee reduced the president’s FY 2016 VA budget request by more than $1.4 billion. If allowed, this cut could hamper the services ten of thousands of veterans receive, and impact VA’s ability to activate new and replacement facilities with sufficient staff and equipment and to adequately maintain facility infrastructure. 
Secretary McDonald has been upfront and, 
above all, realistic in asking for full funding of the president’s FY 2016 VA request. Re-form of the VA, its facilities and its infra-structure are monumental tasks. Unfortu-nately these challenges become almost unobtainable with a reduction in funding outlined in the House’s mark. 
During Congress’ first 100 days, great 
strides have been made to address the needs of our nation’s veterans. Passage of the Clay Hunt Suicide Prevention for American Vet-erans (SAV) Act was a huge bipartisan vic-tory in the House and Senate. It showed the 
American people what is possible if we work together. 
In that same vein, we ask that you again 
work in a bipartisan manner and request the House, in making its final adjustments or as a part of a conference on this legislation, to find the means to fund the VA’s realistic re-quest so that the institution can meet its congressional mandate next year. To that end, we ask the leadership of the House to restore VA’s overall funding at least to the level recommended by the administration in its FY 2016 budget. 
Sincerely, 
M
ATTHEW M. M ILLER , 
Chief Policy Officer, Iraq and 
Afghanistan Veterans of America (IAVA). 
THEINDEPENDENT BUDGET , 
April 27, 2015. 
Hon. J OHNBOEHNER , 
Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, 
DC. 
Hon. N ANCY PELOSI , 
Minority Leader, House of Representatives, 
Washington, DC. 
DEAR MR. SPEAKER AND MADAM MINORITY  
LEADER : As partner organizations in the 
Independent Budget for Fiscal Year 2016, we write to express our concerns about the re-sults of the Committee on Appropriations’ 
April 22, 2015 markup and vote on the De-partment of Veterans Affairs (VA) appropria-tions bill for Fiscal Year (FY) 2016. 
Over the expressed objections of the Ad-
ministration, the Committee made a rushed determination to reduce the President’s FY 2016 VA Medical Care request by over $600 million. This reduction is equivalent to the cost of providing care for tens of thousands of veterans next year. If enacted, the bill would harm these services and others, in-cluding reducing VA’s ability to activate new and replacement facilities with suffi-cient staff and equipment and to adequately maintain facility infrastructure. 
In the separate capital infrastructure ac-
counts (for major and minor projects as well as for state veterans home construction grants), the Committee reduced the Admin-istration’s request by $582 million. We are deeply concerned that VA will not receive enough resources to enable the system to properly maintain its existing health care facilities, nor to build any new ones. Despite the VA’s well publicized deficits in address-ing the overdue and over-budget medical center construction project in Denver, doz-ens of other VA centers are much older and in poorer condition than the Colorado facil-ity that is being replaced, but no funds would be made available in the FY 2016 ap-propriation to begin these priority projects. Also, lack of maintenance, repairs, and im-provements in existing VA facilities now carrying backlogged projects costing billions of dollars would be much more expensive in future years due to funding inadequacies brought about by this bill. The Congress should note that over the past decade, Con-gress has funded VA infrastructure needs at a level that was $7.9 billion less than what we collectively recommended in Independent Budgets over that period. 
In the long run, Congress will be forced to 
appropriate much larger sums to enable VA to catch up to the deficits being created by this bill. In a related vein, please see VA’s letter to the Speaker and President of the Senate, dated April 14, 2015, requesting sev-eral high priority construction authoriza-tions and supportive appropriations, and the expenditure of unobligated balances from section 801 of Public Law 113–146, to be used to complete the construction of the Denver facility, and for other purposes that we strongly support. Strangling the VA’s appropriated accounts 
for infrastructure, but refusing to allow any flexibility in the use of funds already pro-vided by Congress in prior acts, places VA in double jeopardy. It means VA simply cannot build, and cannot expand—even when funds are available and could be used. This barrier penalizes and denies care in some way to every veteran who relies on VA. As VA Sec-retary McDonald said last week, this situa-tion will ‘‘harm veterans.’’ We agree. 
On the topic of VA’s Medical and Pros-
thetic Research program, we appreciate the Committee’s approval of an amendment to match the Administration’s request of $622 million for FY 2016. Without these new funds, VA clinician-scientists would have needed to significantly reduce recruitment and analysis in the Million Veteran Pro-gram, delaying the benefits of precision med-icine to veterans. Also, these funds will be used for completion of genetic studies on functional disability in schizophrenia and bi-polar disorder; to initiate studies aimed at finding the root cause of a known genetic susceptibility to post-traumatic stress dis-order; and, to conduct new studies aimed at predicting susceptibility to opioid abuse. De-spite this good news, as advocates we are concerned that these funds were shifted in an 
unprecedented manner from the VA informa-tion technology (IT) account—an appropria-tion that was already reduced $80 million from the President’s requested level during the Committee’s consideration. Also, holding VA accountable for making significant progress in developing the next generation of electronic health records in coordination with the Department of Defense, while sup-pressing the IT funding to make that very progress possible, is deeply troubling. 
In addition to these concerns, we note that 
in the bill’s administrative provisions, the Appropriations Committee would further re-duce VA funding, even when it appears that the bill would be providing higher levels at the top line. For example, if this administra-tive language is adopted by Congress, VA will find itself in the odd position come Jan-uary 2016 of needing to decide (in the Com-mittee’s words, ‘‘if it chooses to do so’’) whether over 300,000 VA employees will be due a comparability increase, without any funding appropriated for it. We know of no statute that makes federal employee com-parability increases discretionary once the President announces the comparability rate. In the research program, for example, the ap-propriation would be reduced by a rescission of over $3 million even while the Committee voted to approve an amendment to restore the account to the Administration’s full re-quested level. Other administrative provi-sions have similar effects, all deleterious to any VA flexibility in funding its many re-quirements in FY 2016. In fact the total re-scissions from these administrative provi-sions would be more than $400 million, with nearly $200 million directed at the Medical Services account atop the $600 million dis-cussed above. 
This is a particularly important moment 
in VA history, given the events of the past year. Suffocating the system now with a dearth of funding (well over $1 billion less than requested by the Administration), and restricting or rescinding the use of available funds—even those to be appropriated in this bill—while demanding reforms, only proves to make VA’s intended and ongoing efforts more challenging. 
As indicated, we respectfully request the 
House, in making its final adjustments, or as a part of a conference on this legislation, to find the means to sufficiently fund these cru-cial VA accounts so that the institution can meet its Congressional mandate next year. To that end, we ask the Leadership of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:13 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00082 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29AP7.059 H29APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2585 April 29, 2015 
House to restore VA’s overall funding at 
least to the level recommended by the Ad-ministration in its FY 2016 budget, although even that level is almost $1.4 billion below our joint recommendations in the Inde-pendent Budget for next year. 
When the nation sends our soldiers and 
Marines into live combat in hostile terri-tory, we do not skimp on their training, weapons, or ammunition for the fight. Now that these veterans are home, we should do no less. 
On behalf of the millions of veterans who 
make up our memberships, we will appre-ciate the House Leadership and Members taking into account our concerns about funding levels needed by the VA in FY 2016, and acting to fully fund the VA system. 
Sincerely, 
S
TEWART M. H ICKEY , 
National Executive Di-
rector, AMVETS. 
HOMER S. T OWNSEND , JR., 
Executive Director, 
Paralyzed Veterans of America. 
G
ARRY J. A UGUSTINE , 
Executive Director, 
Washington Head-quarters, DAV (Dis-abled American Vet-erans). 
R
OBERT E. W ALLACE , 
Executive Director, 
Veterans of Foreign Wars of the United States. 
POINT OF ORDER  
Mr. DENT. Madam Chairman, I make 
a point of order against the amend-
ment because it proposes to amend por-tions of the bill not yet read. 
Section 17 of chapter 2 of the House 
Practice book states in part: 
‘‘It is not in order to strike out or 
otherwise amend portions of a bill not yet read for amendment.’’ 
I ask for a ruling from the Chair. The CHAIR. Does any other Member 
wish to be heard on the point of order? 
Mrs. LOWEY. I wish to be heard on 
the point of order. 
The CHAIR. The gentlewoman from 
New York is recognized to be heard on the point of order. 
Mrs. LOWEY. Madam Chair, I rise in 
strong support of the amendment. 
The bill falls far short of providing 
the resources that the President re-quested and veterans earned. The Na-tional Commander of the Veterans of Foreign Wars has demanded that ‘‘the House amend the bill to appropriate a funding level that fully funds the VA.’’ The gentleman from Georgia’s (Mr. B
ISHOP ) amendment does just that. 
The VFW went on to say the bill 
‘‘drastically underfunds medical care, major construction, and information technology accounts. . . . The VA can-not fulfill its mission without proper funding; but the House, for whatever reason, now wants to’’——— 
The CHAIR. The gentlewoman will 
suspend. 
The gentlewoman must confine her 
remarks to the point of order. 
Does the gentlewoman wish to be 
heard on the point of order? 
Mrs. LOWEY. Yes. I just want to emphasize that the 
VFW strongly supports the amendment for the reasons that I suggested. The CHAIR. Does any other Member 
wish to be heard on the point of order? 
If not, the Chair is prepared to rule. To be considered en bloc pursuant to 
clause 2(f) of rule XXI, an amendment must propose only to transfer appro-priations among objects in the bill. Be-cause the amendment offered by the gentleman from Georgia proposes also another kind of change in the bill, namely: striking sections from the bill, it may not avail itself of clause 2(f) to address portions of the bill not yet read. 
The point of order is sustained. Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Madam 
Chair, I move to appeal the ruling of the Chair. 
The CHAIR. The question is, Shall 
the decision of the Chair stand as the judgment of the Committee? 
The question was taken; and the 
Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Madam 
Chair, I demand a recorded vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 237, noes 180, not voting 14, as follows: 
[Roll No. 178] 
AYES—237 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) 
Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) 
King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe 
Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Ross Rothfus Rouzer Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin 
Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden 
Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOES—180 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro 
DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge 
Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Love Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler 
Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—14 
Beyer 
Cleaver Guinta Hastings Meeks Palazzo 
Payne Peterson Poe (TX) Rangel Roskam 
Royce Rush Smith (WA) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:13 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00083 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29AP7.062 H29APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2586 April 29, 2015 
b1545 
Mr. QUIGLEY changed his vote from 
‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ 
Messrs. HURT of Virginia, MEAD-
OWS, and LABRADOR changed their vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ 
So the decision of the Chair stands as 
the judgment of the Committee. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
The CHAIR. The Clerk will read. The Clerk read as follows: 
MILITARY CONSTRUCTION , NAVY AND MARINE  
CORPS  
For acquisition, construction, installation, 
and equipment of temporary or permanent public works, naval installations, facilities, and real property for the Navy and Marine Corps as currently authorized by law, includ-ing personnel in the Naval Facilities Engi-neering Command and other personal serv-ices necessary for the purposes of this appro-priation, $1,349,678,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided , That of 
this amount, not to exceed $91,649,000 shall be available for study, planning, design, and architect and engineer services, as author-ized by law, unless the Secretary of the Navy determines that additional obligations are necessary for such purposes and notifies the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress of the determination and the reasons therefor. 
M
ILITARY CONSTRUCTION , AIRFORCE  
For acquisition, construction, installation, 
and equipment of temporary or permanent public works, military installations, facili-ties, and real property for the Air Force as currently authorized by law, $1,237,055,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided , That of this amount, not to exceed 
$89,164,000 shall be available for study, plan-ning, design, and architect and engineer services, as authorized by law, unless the Secretary of the Air Force determines that additional obligations are necessary for such purposes and notifies the Committees on Ap-propriations of both Houses of Congress of the determination and the reasons therefor. 
M
ILITARY CONSTRUCTION , DEFENSE -WIDE 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  
For acquisition, construction, installation, 
and equipment of temporary or permanent public works, installations, facilities, and real property for activities and agencies of the Department of Defense (other than the military departments), as currently author-ized by law, $1,931,456,000, to remain avail-able until September 30, 2020: Provided , That 
such amounts of this appropriation as may be determined by the Secretary of Defense may be transferred to such appropriations of the Department of Defense available for military construction or family housing as the Secretary may designate, to be merged with and to be available for the same pur-poses, and for the same time period, as the appropriation or fund to which transferred: Provided further , That of the amount appro-
priated, not to exceed $160,404,000 shall be available for study, planning, design, and ar-chitect and engineer services, as authorized by law, unless the Secretary of Defense de-termines that additional obligations are nec-essary for such purposes and notifies the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress of the determination and the reasons therefor: Provided further , That 
none of the funds made available by this title may be used to construct any fiscal year 2016 special operations command mili-tary construction projects until the Com-mander of the Special Operations Command has certified in writing and submits to the Committees on Appropriations of both 
Houses of Congress a report that includes the following: 
(1) A definition of ‘‘Special Operations 
Forces-peculiar’’ as it applies to the use of United States Special Operations Command (USSOCOM) funding to meet military con-struction requirements for facilities that provide healthcare services or support fit-ness activities. 
(2) A description of the decision-making 
process used to determine whether a mili-tary construction project that provides healthcare facilities or supports fitness ac-tivities should be funded by the USSOCOM or the military departments. 
(3) Provides a schematic of the human per-
formance centers by installation, a listing of the planned equipment related to training and resiliency and a description of the mis-sion-critical benefit of each item, an expla-nation of why the unique physical and psy-chological health services incorporated could not be provided by the Defense Health Agen-cy or military services, and a planned staff-ing breakdown. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MS . STEFANIK  
Ms. STEFANIK. Madam Chair, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The CHAIR. The Clerk will report the 
amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
page 4, line 14, insert after the dollar 
amount ‘‘(reduced by $30,000,000)(increased by $30,000,000)’’ and insert on line 23, after the dollar amount ‘‘(increased by $30,000,000)’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-
lution 223, the gentlewoman from New York and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from New York. 
Ms. STEFANIK. Madam Chair, I 
would like to thank the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. D
ENT) and his 
staff for allowing this important dis-
cussion of an east coast missile defense site, as well as the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. T
URNER ) for his continued ef-
forts and support. 
Madam Chair, my amendment would 
provide for the planning, design, and construction of an additional missile defense site. Simply put, missile de-fense shields our Nation from hostile incoming warheads. And with the esca-lation of threats of rogue nations like North Korea and Iran, the United States must be ready not just to retali-ate, but to actually stop an attack. We must be able to defend our Nation and shoot it down. North Korea does, in-deed, have a nuclear weapons capa-bility and is a real concern, given their unstable and erratic behavior. Iran has clearly demonstrated key technologies required for ICBM development. 
This is about maintaining our Na-
tion’s readiness, and an east coast mis-sile defense site provides increased bat-tle space, more decision time, in-creased reliability, more inventory, and a different angle of intercept. 
General Jacoby stated that a third 
site would give him an increased battle space and increased opportunity for him to engage threats from either Iran or North Korea. An east coast missile defense site would increase our Na-tion’s defense capability against those very real threats. Madam Chair, this amendment pro-
vides for the security and protection that our Nation needs. 
I yield such time as he may consume 
to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. T
UR-
NER). 
Mr. TURNER. Madam Chair, I want 
to thank Congresswoman S TEFANIK and 
also Chairman D ENTfor their support 
for this amendment providing funding for the planning, design, and construc-tion of an additional missile defense site capable of protecting the home-land from a long-range ballistic missile attack. 
As Congresswoman S
TEFANIK is very 
well aware, we currently possess only two sites, both located on the west coast, limiting our ability to target and intercept incoming ICBMs either that are targeting the east coast or that are originating from the east. 
Dating back to 2007, the United 
States Northern Command in charge of defending the homeland recommended the construction of the east coast site. One thing that we know: under Presi-dent Obama’s plan for missile defense, he canceled President Bush’s third site that was to be located in Poland and provide ICBM coverage for the east coast of the United States continental. He then canceled phase 4 of his own phase adaptive approach that would have similarly provided that coverage. 
The only opportunity that we have 
left with those two options gone is to look to the east coast site. Two Presi-dents and three Secretaries of Defense have all recognized the advantages of an additional missile coast defense site in order to provide further protection against long-range ballistic missile threats from regions such as the Mid-dle East. 
As China, Russia, Iran, and North 
Korea push for more advanced launch vehicles, the construction of an east coast site will dramatically improve the ability of our military to intercept incoming threats by increasing the op-portunity to engage and defeat those threats. 
I urge support for this amendment. Mr. DENT. Will the gentlewoman 
yield? 
Ms. STEFANIK. I yield to the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania. 
Mr. DENT. Madam Chair, I rise in 
support of the gentlewoman’s amend-ment. 
With advantages in launch capabili-
ties, we should explore protecting the east coast from our adversaries, as Mr. T
URNER and Ms. S TEFANIK have stated. 
She has been very articulate and a great advocate for her district in Fort Drum. 
Ms. STEFANIK. Madam Chair, I 
yield back the balance of my time. 
The CHAIR. The question is on the 
amendment offered by the gentle-woman from New York (Ms. S
TEFANIK ). 
The amendment was agreed to. Ms. LEE. Madam Chair, as the des-
ignee of the ranking member, I move to strike the last word. 
The CHAIR. The gentlewoman from 
California is recognized for 5 minutes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:13 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00084 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29AP7.037 H29APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2587 April 29, 2015 
Ms. LEE. Madam Chair, I am first 
seeking clarity from Chairman D ENT 
on what the committee intends with the major construction account fund-ing in this bill. 
Included in the committee report is 
language that the funding provided for major construction be used for hospital construction and seismic corrections. One of the projects in the request is the Alameda Clinic. This clinic would pro-vide direct medical care to veterans in my district. 
Mr. Chairman, does the Alameda 
Clinic project meet the criteria for funding set by the committee in the re-port accompanying this bill? 
Mr. DENT. Will the gentlewoman 
yield? 
Ms. LEE. I yield to the gentleman 
from Pennsylvania. 
Mr. DENT. It does, yes. Ms. LEE. I want to thank the gen-
tleman for this clarification, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
The CHAIR. The Clerk will read. The Clerk read as follows: 
MILITARY CONSTRUCTION , ARMYNATIONAL  
GUARD  
For construction, acquisition, expansion, 
rehabilitation, and conversion of facilities for the training and administration of the Army National Guard, and contributions therefor, as authorized by chapter 1803 of title 10, United States Code, and Military Construction Authorization Acts, $167,437,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2020: Provided , That of the amount 
appropriated, not to exceed $20,337,000 shall be available for study, planning, design, and architect and engineer services, as author-ized by law, unless the Director of the Army National Guard determines that additional obligations are necessary for such purposes and notifies the Committees on Appropria-tions of both Houses of Congress of the deter-mination and the reasons therefor. 
M
ILITARY CONSTRUCTION , AIRNATIONAL  
GUARD  
For construction, acquisition, expansion, 
rehabilitation, and conversion of facilities for the training and administration of the Air National Guard, and contributions there-for, as authorized by chapter 1803 of title 10, United States Code, and Military Construc-tion Authorization Acts, $138,738,000, to re-main available until September 30, 2020: Pro-
vided , That of the amount appropriated, not 
to exceed $5,104,000 shall be available for study, planning, design, and architect and engineer services, as authorized by law, un-less the Director of the Air National Guard determines that additional obligations are necessary for such purposes and notifies the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress of the determination and the reasons therefor. 
M
ILITARY CONSTRUCTION , ARMYRESERVE  
For construction, acquisition, expansion, 
rehabilitation, and conversion of facilities for the training and administration of the Army Reserve as authorized by chapter 1803 of title 10, United States Code, and Military Construction Authorization Acts, $104,295,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2020: Provided , That of the amount 
appropriated, not to exceed $9,318,000 shall be available for study, planning, design, and ar-chitect and engineer services, as authorized by law, unless the Chief of the Army Reserve determines that additional obligations are necessary for such purposes and notifies the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress of the determination and 
the reasons therefor. 
M
ILITARY CONSTRUCTION , NAVYRESERVE  
For construction, acquisition, expansion, 
rehabilitation, and conversion of facilities for the training and administration of the re-serve components of the Navy and Marine Corps as authorized by chapter 1803 of title 10, United States Code, and Military Con-struction Authorization Acts, $36,078,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided , That of the amount appropriated, 
not to exceed $2,208,000 shall be available for study, planning, design, and architect and engineer services, as authorized by law, un-less the Secretary of the Navy determines that additional obligations are necessary for such purposes and notifies the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Con-gress of the determination and the reasons therefor. 
M
ILITARY CONSTRUCTION , AIRFORCE RESERVE  
For construction, acquisition, expansion, 
rehabilitation, and conversion of facilities for the training and administration of the Air Force Reserve as authorized by chapter 1803 of title 10, United States Code, and Mili-tary Construction Authorization Acts, $65,021,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2020: Provided , That of the amount 
appropriated, not to exceed $13,400,000 shall be available for study, planning, design, and architect and engineer services, as author-ized by law, unless the Chief of the Air Force Reserve determines that additional obliga-tions are necessary for such purposes and no-tifies the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress of the determina-tion and the reasons therefor. 
N
ORTH ATLANTIC TREATY ORGANIZATION  
SECURITY INVESTMENT PROGRAM  
For the United States share of the cost of 
the North Atlantic Treaty Organization Se-curity Investment Program for the acquisi-tion and construction of military facilities and installations (including international military headquarters) and for related ex-penses for the collective defense of the North Atlantic Treaty Area as authorized by sec-tion 2806 of title 10, United States Code, and Military Construction Authorization Acts, $150,000,000, to remain available until ex-pended. 
F
AMILY HOUSING CONSTRUCTION , ARMY 
For expenses of family housing for the 
Army for construction, including acquisi-tion, replacement, addition, expansion, ex-tension, and alteration, as authorized by law, $99,695,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020. 
F
AMILY HOUSING OPERATION AND  
MAINTENANCE , ARMY 
For expenses of family housing for the 
Army for operation and maintenance, includ-ing debt payment, leasing, minor construc-tion, principal and interest charges, and in-surance premiums, as authorized by law, $393,511,000. 
F
AMILY HOUSING CONSTRUCTION , NAVY AND  
MARINE CORPS  
For expenses of family housing for the 
Navy and Marine Corps for construction, in-cluding acquisition, replacement, addition, expansion, extension, and alteration, as au-thorized by law, $16,541,000, to remain avail-able until September 30, 2020. 
F
AMILY HOUSING OPERATION AND  
MAINTENANCE , NAVY AND MARINE CORPS  
For expenses of family housing for the 
Navy and Marine Corps for operation and maintenance, including debt payment, leas-ing, minor construction, principal and inter-est charges, and insurance premiums, as au-thorized by law, $353,036,000. F
AMILY HOUSING CONSTRUCTION , AIRFORCE  
For expenses of family housing for the Air 
Force for construction, including acquisi-tion, replacement, addition, expansion, ex-tension, and alteration, as authorized by law, $160,498,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020. 
F
AMILY HOUSING OPERATION AND  
MAINTENANCE , AIRFORCE  
For expenses of family housing for the Air 
Force for operation and maintenance, in-cluding debt payment, leasing, minor con-struction, principal and interest charges, and insurance premiums, as authorized by law, $331,232,000. 
F
AMILY HOUSING OPERATION AND  
MAINTENANCE , DEFENSE -WIDE 
For expenses of family housing for the ac-
tivities and agencies of the Department of Defense (other than the military depart-ments) for operation and maintenance, leas-ing, and minor construction, as authorized by law, $58,668,000. 
D
EPARTMENT OF DEFENSE BASECLOSURE  
ACCOUNT  
For deposit into the Department of De-
fense Base Closure Account, established by section 2906(a) of the Defense Base Closure and Realignment Act of 1990 (10 U.S.C. 2687 note), $251,334,000, to remain available until expended. 
A
DMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS  
SEC. 101. None of the funds made available 
in this title shall be expended for payments under a cost-plus-a-fixed-fee contract for construction, where cost estimates exceed $25,000, to be performed within the United States, except Alaska, without the specific approval in writing of the Secretary of De-fense setting forth the reasons therefor. 
S
EC. 102. Funds made available in this title 
for construction shall be available for hire of passenger motor vehicles. 
S
EC. 103. Funds made available in this title 
for construction may be used for advances to the Federal Highway Administration, De-partment of Transportation, for the con-struction of access roads as authorized by section 210 of title 23, United States Code, when projects authorized therein are cer-tified as important to the national defense by the Secretary of Defense. 
S
EC. 104. None of the funds made available 
in this title may be used to begin construc-tion of new bases in the United States for which specific appropriations have not been made. 
S
EC. 105. None of the funds made available 
in this title shall be used for purchase of land or land easements in excess of 100 per-cent of the value as determined by the Army Corps of Engineers or the Naval Facilities Engineering Command, except: (1) where there is a determination of value by a Fed-eral court; (2) purchases negotiated by the Attorney General or the designee of the At-torney General; (3) where the estimated value is less than $25,000; or (4) as otherwise determined by the Secretary of Defense to be in the public interest. 
S
EC. 106. None of the funds made available 
in this title shall be used to: (1) acquire land; (2) provide for site preparation; or (3) install utilities for any family housing, except hous-ing for which funds have been made available in annual Acts making appropriations for military construction. 
S
EC. 107. None of the funds made available 
in this title for minor construction may be used to transfer or relocate any activity from one base or installation to another, without prior notification to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Con-gress. 
S
EC. 108. None of the funds made available 
in this title may be used for the procurement 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:13 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00085 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29AP7.041 H29APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2588 April 29, 2015 
of steel for any construction project or activ-
ity for which American steel producers, fab-ricators, and manufacturers have been de-nied the opportunity to compete for such steel procurement. 
S
EC. 109. None of the funds available to the 
Department of Defense for military con-struction or family housing during the cur-rent fiscal year may be used to pay real property taxes in any foreign nation. 
S
EC. 110. None of the funds made available 
in this title may be used to initiate a new in-stallation overseas without prior notifica-tion to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress. 
S
EC. 111. None of the funds made available 
in this title may be obligated for architect and engineer contracts estimated by the Government to exceed $500,000 for projects to be accomplished in Japan, in any North At-lantic Treaty Organization member country, or in countries bordering the Arabian Gulf, unless such contracts are awarded to United States firms or United States firms in joint venture with host nation firms. 
S
EC. 112. None of the funds made available 
in this title for military construction in the United States territories and possessions in the Pacific and on Kwajalein Atoll, or in countries bordering the Arabian Gulf, may be used to award any contract estimated by the Government to exceed $1,000,000 to a for-eign contractor: Provided , That this section 
shall not be applicable to contract awards for which the lowest responsive and respon-sible bid of a United States contractor ex-ceeds the lowest responsive and responsible bid of a foreign contractor by greater than 20 percent: Provided further , That this section 
shall not apply to contract awards for mili-tary construction on Kwajalein Atoll for which the lowest responsive and responsible bid is submitted by a Marshallese con-tractor. 
S
EC. 113. The Secretary of Defense shall in-
form the appropriate committees of both Houses of Congress, including the Commit-tees on Appropriations, of plans and scope of any proposed military exercise involving United States personnel 30 days prior to its occurring, if amounts expended for construc-tion, either temporary or permanent, are an-ticipated to exceed $100,000. 
S
EC. 114. Funds appropriated to the Depart-
ment of Defense for construction in prior years shall be available for construction au-thorized for each such military department by the authorizations enacted into law dur-ing the current session of Congress. 
S
EC. 115. For military construction or fam-
ily housing projects that are being com-pleted with funds otherwise expired or lapsed for obligation, expired or lapsed funds may be used to pay the cost of associated super-vision, inspection, overhead, engineering and design on those projects and on subsequent claims, if any. 
S
EC. 116. Notwithstanding any other provi-
sion of law, any funds made available to a military department or defense agency for the construction of military projects may be obligated for a military construction project or contract, or for any portion of such a project or contract, at any time before the end of the fourth fiscal year after the fiscal year for which funds for such project were made available, if the funds obligated for such project: (1) are obligated from funds available for military construction projects; and (2) do not exceed the amount appro-priated for such project, plus any amount by which the cost of such project is increased pursuant to law. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  
SEC. 117. Subject to 30 days prior notifica-
tion, or 14 days for a notification provided in an electronic medium pursuant to sections 480 and 2883 of title 10, United States Code, to 
the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress, such additional amounts as may be determined by the Secretary of Defense may be transferred to: (1) the De-partment of Defense Family Housing Im-provement Fund from amounts appropriated for construction in ‘‘Family Housing’’ ac-counts, to be merged with and to be avail-able for the same purposes and for the same period of time as amounts appropriated di-rectly to the Fund; or (2) the Department of Defense Military Unaccompanied Housing 
Improvement Fund from amounts appro-priated for construction of military unac-companied housing in ‘‘Military Construc-tion’’ accounts, to be merged with and to be available for the same purposes and for the same period of time as amounts appropriated directly to the Fund: Provided , That appro-
priations made available to the Funds shall be available to cover the costs, as defined in section 502(5) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, of direct loans or loan guaran-tees issued by the Department of Defense pursuant to the provisions of subchapter IV of chapter 169 of title 10, United States Code, pertaining to alternative means of acquiring and improving military family housing, mili-tary unaccompanied housing, and supporting facilities: Provided further , That the transfer 
authority in this provision shall also be ap-plicable to amounts appropriated for con-struction in ‘‘Family Housing’’ accounts in section 2002 of Public Law 112–10. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  
SEC. 118. In addition to any other transfer 
authority available to the Department of De-fense, amounts may be transferred from the Department of Defense Base Closure Account to the fund established by section 1013(d) of the Demonstration Cities and Metropolitan Development Act of 1966 (42 U.S.C. 3374) to pay for expenses associated with the Home-owners Assistance Program incurred under 42 U.S.C. 3374(a)(1)(A). Any amounts trans-ferred shall be merged with and be available for the same purposes and for the same time period as the fund to which transferred. 
S
EC. 119. Notwithstanding any other provi-
sion of law, funds made available in this title for operation and maintenance of family housing shall be the exclusive source of funds for repair and maintenance of all fam-ily housing units, including general or flag officer quarters: Provided , That not more 
than $15,000 per unit may be spent annually for the maintenance and repair of any gen-eral or flag officer quarters without 30 days prior notification, or 14 days for a notifica-tion provided in an electronic medium pursu-ant to sections 480 and 2883 of title 10, United States Code, to the Committees on Appro-priations of both Houses of Congress, except that an after-the-fact notification shall be submitted if the limitation is exceeded sole-ly due to costs associated with environ-mental remediation that could not be rea-sonably anticipated at the time of the budg-et submission. 
S
EC. 120. Amounts contained in the Ford 
Island Improvement Account established by subsection (h) of section 2814 of title 10, United States Code, are appropriated and shall be available until expended for the pur-poses specified in subsection (i)(1) of such section or until transferred pursuant to sub-section (i)(3) of such section. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  
SEC. 121. During the 5-year period after ap-
propriations available in this Act to the De-partment of Defense for military construc-tion and family housing operation and main-tenance and construction have expired for obligation, upon a determination that such appropriations will not be necessary for the liquidation of obligations or for making au-thorized adjustments to such appropriations 
for obligations incurred during the period of availability of such appropriations, unobli-gated balances of such appropriations may be transferred into the appropriation ‘‘For-eign Currency Fluctuations, Construction, Defense’’, to be merged with and to be avail-able for the same time period and for the same purposes as the appropriation to which transferred. 
S
EC. 122. (a) Except as provided in sub-
section (b), none of the funds made available in this Act may be used by the Secretary of the Army to relocate a unit in the Army that— 
(1) performs a testing mission or function 
that is not performed by any other unit in the Army and is specifically stipulated in title 10, United States Code; and 
(2) is located at a military installation at 
which the total number of civilian employ-ees of the Department of the Army and Army contractor personnel employed ex-ceeds 10 percent of the total number of mem-bers of the regular and reserve components of the Army assigned to the installation. 
(b) E
XCEPTION .—Subsection (a) shall not 
apply if the Secretary of the Army certifies to the congressional defense committees that in proposing the relocation of the unit of the Army, the Secretary complied with Army Regulation 5–10 relating to the policy, procedures, and responsibilities for Army stationing actions. 
S
EC. 123. Amounts appropriated or other-
wise made available in an account funded under the headings in this title may be transferred among projects and activities within the account in accordance with the reprogramming guidelines for military con-struction and family housing construction contained in Department of Defense Finan-cial Management Regulation 7000.14–R, Vol-ume 3, Chapter 7, of February 2009, as in ef-fect on the date of enactment of this Act. 
S
EC. 124. None of the funds made available 
in this title may be obligated or expended for planning and design and construction of projects at Arlington National Cemetery. 
(RESCISSION OF FUNDS)  
SEC. 125. Of the unobligated balances avail-
able for ‘‘Military Construction, Army’’, from prior appropriation Acts (other than appropriations designated by law as being for contingency operations directly related to the global war on terrorism or as an emer-gency requirement), $96,000,000 are hereby re-scinded. 
(RESCISSION OF FUNDS)  
SEC. 126. Of the unobligated balances avail-
able for ‘‘Military Construction, Air Force’’, from prior appropriation Acts (other than appropriations designated by law as being for contingency operations directly related to 
the global war on terrorism or as an emer-gency requirement), $52,600,000 are hereby re-scinded. 
(RESCISSION OF FUNDS)  
SEC. 127. Of the unobligated balances avail-
able for ‘‘Military Construction, Defense- Wide’’, from prior appropriation Acts (other than appropriations designated by law as being for contingency operations directly re-lated to the global war on terrorism or as an emergency requirement), $134,000,000 are hereby rescinded. 
(RESCISSION OF FUNDS)  
SEC. 128. Of the unobligated balances made 
available in prior appropriation Acts for the fund established in section 1013(d) of the Demonstration Cities and Metropolitan De-velopment Act of 1966 (42 U.S.C. 3374) (other than appropriations designated by law as being for contingency operations directly re-lated to the global war on terrorism or as an emergency requirement), $103,918,000 are hereby rescinded. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:13 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00086 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29AP7.047 H29APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2589 April 29, 2015 
SEC. 129. For the purposes of this Act, the 
term ‘‘congressional defense committees’’ means the Committees on Armed Services of the House of Representatives and the Senate, the Subcommittee on Military Construction and Veterans Affairs of the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate, and the Sub-committee on Military Construction and Veterans Affairs of the Committee on Appro-priations of the House of Representatives. 
S
EC. 130. None of the funds made available 
by this title may be used to carry out the closure or realignment of Lajes Air Force Base, Azores, and, unless and until the Sec-retary of Defense certifies in writing to the congressional defense committees that, based on operational requirements, Lajes Air Force Base is not an optimal location for the Joint Intelligence Analysis Complex, none of the funds made available by this title may be used to construct phase two of the Joint In-telligence Analysis Complex Consolidation at Royal Air Force Croughton, United King-dom. 
S
EC. 131. Notwithstanding section 124, for 
an additional amount for ‘‘Military Con-struction, Army’’ in this title, $30,000,000 is provided for advances to the Federal High-way Administration, Department of Trans-portation, for construction of access roads as authorized by section 210 of title 23, United States Code. 
TITLE II 
DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS 
V
ETERANS BENEFITS ADMINISTRATION  
COMPENSATION AND PENSIONS  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  
For the payment of compensation benefits 
to or on behalf of veterans and a pilot pro-gram for disability examinations as author-ized by section 107 and chapters 11, 13, 18, 51, 53, 55, and 61 of title 38, United States Code; pension benefits to or on behalf of veterans as authorized by chapters 15, 51, 53, 55, and 61 of title 38, United States Code; and burial benefits, the Reinstated Entitlement Pro-gram for Survivors, emergency and other of-ficers’ retirement pay, adjusted-service cred-its and certificates, payment of premiums due on commercial life insurance policies guaranteed under the provisions of title IV of the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act (50 U.S.C. App. 541 et seq.) and for other benefits as authorized by sections 107, 1312, 1977, and 2106, and chapters 23, 51, 53, 55, and 61 of title 38, United States Code, $166,271,436,000, to re-main available until expended, of which $87,146,761,000 shall become available on Oc-tober 1, 2016: Provided , That not to exceed 
$15,562,000 of the amount made available for fiscal year 2016 and $16,021,000 of the amount made available for fiscal year 2017 under this heading shall be reimbursed to ‘‘General Op-erating Expenses, Veterans Benefits Admin-istration’’, and ‘‘Information Technology Systems’’ for necessary expenses in imple-menting the provisions of chapters 51, 53, and 55 of title 38, United States Code, the funding source for which is specifically provided as the ‘‘Compensation and Pensions’’ appropria-tion: Provided further , That such sums as 
may be earned on an actual qualifying pa-tient basis, shall be reimbursed to ‘‘Medical Care Collections Fund’’ to augment the fund-ing of individual medical facilities for nurs-ing home care provided to pensioners as au-thorized. 
READJUSTMENT BENEFITS  
For the payment of readjustment and reha-
bilitation benefits to or on behalf of veterans as authorized by chapters 21, 30, 31, 33, 34, 35, 36, 39, 41, 51, 53, 55, and 61 of title 38, United States Code, $32,088,826,000, to remain avail-able until expended, of which $16,743,904,000 shall become available on October 1, 2016: Provided , That expenses for rehabilitation program services and assistance which the 
Secretary is authorized to provide under sub-section (a) of section 3104 of title 38, United States Code, other than under paragraphs (1), (2), (5), and (11) of that subsection, shall be charged to this account. 
VETERANS INSURANCE AND INDEMNITIES  
For military and naval insurance, national 
service life insurance, servicemen’s indem-nities, service-disabled veterans insurance, and veterans mortgage life insurance as au-thorized by chapters 19 and 21, title 38, United States Code, $169,080,000, to remain available until expended, of which $91,920,000 shall become available on October 1, 2016. 
VETERANS HOUSING BENEFIT PROGRAM FUND  
For the cost of direct and guaranteed 
loans, such sums as may be necessary to carry out the program, as authorized by sub-chapters I through III of chapter 37 of title 38, United States Code: Provided , That such 
costs, including the cost of modifying such loans, shall be as defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974: Provided 
further , That during fiscal year 2016, within 
the resources available, not to exceed $500,000 in gross obligations for direct loans are authorized for specially adapted housing loans. 
In addition, for administrative expenses to 
carry out the direct and guaranteed loan programs, $164,558,000. 
VOCATIONAL REHABILITATION LOANS PROGRAM  
ACCOUNT  
For the cost of direct loans, $31,000, as au-
thorized by chapter 31 of title 38, United States Code: Provided , That such costs, in-
cluding the cost of modifying such loans, shall be as defined in section 502 of the Con-gressional Budget Act of 1974: Provided fur-
ther, That funds made available under this 
heading are available to subsidize gross obli-gations for the principal amount of direct loans not to exceed $2,952,000. 
In addition, for administrative expenses 
necessary to carry out the direct loan pro-gram, $367,000, which may be paid to the ap-propriation for ‘‘General Operating Ex-penses, Veterans Benefits Administration’’. 
NATIVE AMERICAN VETERAN HOUSING LOAN  
PROGRAM ACCOUNT  
For administrative expenses to carry out 
the direct loan program authorized by sub-chapter V of chapter 37 of title 38, United States Code, $1,134,000. 
V
ETERANS HEALTH ADMINISTRATION  
MEDICAL SERVICES  
For necessary expenses for furnishing, as 
authorized by law, inpatient and outpatient care and treatment to beneficiaries of the Department of Veterans Affairs and veterans described in section 1705(a) of title 38, United States Code, including care and treatment in facilities not under the jurisdiction of the Department, and including medical supplies and equipment, bioengineering services, food services, and salaries and expenses of healthcare employees hired under title 38, United States Code, aid to State homes as authorized by section 1741 of title 38, United States Code, assistance and support services for caregivers as authorized by section 1720G of title 38, United States Code, loan repay-ments authorized by section 604 of the Care-givers and Veterans Omnibus Health Serv-ices Act of 2010 (Public Law 111–163; 124 Stat. 1174; 38 U.S.C. 7681 note), and hospital care and medical services authorized by section 1787 of title 38, United States Code; $969,554,000, which shall be in addition to funds previously appropriated under this heading that became available on October 1, 2015; and, in addition, $51,673,000,000, plus re-imbursements, shall become available on Oc-tober 1, 2016, and shall remain available until September 30, 2017: Provided , That notwith-
standing any other provision of law, the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs shall establish a priority for the provision of medical treat-ment for veterans who have service-con-nected disabilities, lower income, or have special needs: Provided further , That notwith-
standing any other provision of law, the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs shall give priority funding for the provision of basic medical benefits to veterans in enrollment priority groups 1 through 6: Provided further , That 
notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs may au-thorize the dispensing of prescription drugs from Veterans Health Administration facili-ties to enrolled veterans with privately writ-ten prescriptions based on requirements es-tablished by the Secretary: Provided further , 
That the implementation of the program de-scribed in the previous proviso shall incur no additional cost to the Department of Vet-erans Affairs. 
b1600 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . GOSAR  
Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chairman, I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR (Mr. H ULTGREN ). 
The Clerk will report the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 27, line 9, after the dollar amount, in-
sert ‘‘(increased by $2,031,000)’’. 
Page 30, line 15, after the first dollar 
amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $2,031,000)’’. 
Mr. DENT. Mr. Chairman, I reserve a 
point of order on the gentleman’s amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A point of order 
is reserved. 
Pursuant to House Resolution 223, 
the gentleman from Arizona and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Arizona. 
Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chairman, I rise to 
offer an amendment which seeks to provide additional resources for the mental health services for our Nation’s veterans. 
By way of background, the VA’s 
budget justification for FY16 requests an increase of $3,231,000 over the en-acted fiscal year ’15 levels for its Office of Congressional and Legislative Af-fairs, but on the very next page of that document, the VA only mentions that it needs ‘‘$1.2 million to address in-creased congressional and legislative workload.’’ 
My amendment simply transfers the 
remaining $2,031,000 unaccounted for from this request and prioritizes it to address the ongoing problems our vet-erans face from returning from combat. 
Traumatic brain injuries and post- 
traumatic stress disorder have been consistently contributing to behavioral issues with our veterans, and, all too often, these ongoing mental health issues result in suicide. With an aver-age of 18 to 20 veteran suicides per day, more resources are desperately needed. The Congressional Budget Office says the amendment would have no impact on the budget authority or outlays. 
The VA does not need more money to 
hire more paper pushers to send letters to Capitol Hill to attempt to explain its inappropriate actions. Instead, let’s 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:13 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00087 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29AP7.047 H29APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2590 April 29, 2015 
appropriate the money to those whom 
the VA was created to serve, and let’s help improve the mental health of our Nation’s heroes. 
I ask my colleagues to support this 
commonsense amendment. I thank Chairman D
ENT and Ranking Member 
BISHOP for their time. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
POINT OF ORDER  
Mr. DENT. Mr. Chairman, I wish to 
speak on the point of order. 
The amendment proposes to amend 
portions of the bill not yet read. 
The amendment may not be consid-
ered en bloc under clause 2(f) of rule XXI because the amendment proposes to increase the level of outlays in the bill. 
I ask for a ruling from the Chair. The Acting CHAIR. Does any other 
Member wish to be heard on the point of order? 
To be considered en bloc pursuant to 
clause 2(f) of rule XXI, an amendment must not propose to increase the levels of budget authority or outlays in the bill. Because the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona proposes a net increase in the level of outlays in the bill, as argued by the chairman of the Subcommittee on Appropriations, it may not avail itself of clause 2(f) to address portions of the bill not yet read. 
The point of order is sustained. The 
amendment is not in order. 
The Clerk will read. The Clerk read as follows: 
MEDICAL SUPPORT AND COMPLIANCE  
For necessary expenses in the administra-
tion of the medical, hospital, nursing home, domiciliary, construction, supply, and re-search activities, as authorized by law; ad-ministrative expenses in support of capital policy activities; and administrative and legal expenses of the Department for col-lecting and recovering amounts owed the De-partment as authorized under chapter 17 of title 38, United States Code, and the Federal Medical Care Recovery Act (42 U.S.C. 2651 et seq.), $6,524,000,000, plus reimbursements, shall become available on October 1, 2016, and shall remain available until September 30, 2017. 
MEDICAL FACILITIES  
For necessary expenses for the mainte-
nance and operation of hospitals, nursing homes, domiciliary facilities, and other nec-essary facilities of the Veterans Health Ad-ministration; for administrative expenses in support of planning, design, project manage-ment, real property acquisition and disposi-tion, construction, and renovation of any fa-cility under the jurisdiction or for the use of the Department; for oversight, engineering, and architectural activities not charged to project costs; for repairing, altering, improv-ing, or providing facilities in the several hos-pitals and homes under the jurisdiction of the Department, not otherwise provided for, either by contract or by the hire of tem-porary employees and purchase of materials; for leases of facilities; and for laundry serv-ices, $5,074,000,000, plus reimbursements, shall become available on October 1, 2016, and shall remain available until September 30, 2017. 
MEDICAL AND PROSTHETIC RESEARCH  
For necessary expenses in carrying out 
programs of medical and prosthetic research and development as authorized by chapter 73 
of title 38, United States Code, $621,813,000, plus reimbursements, shall remain available until September 30, 2017. 
Mr. DENT. Mr. Chairman, I move to 
strike the last word. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. DENT. Mr. Chairman, exactly 2 
weeks ago, the VA Office of the Inspec-tor General released its report on the gross mismanagement and claims ma-nipulation that has long corroded the Philadelphia VA Regional Office. The issues revealed through that report re-flect some of the worst instances of ne-glect and lack of accountability I have seen. These issues are unacceptable for our Nation’s veterans. I have person-ally seen the consequences firsthand through my constituency served by the Philadelphia VA. 
This bill takes a number of steps to 
address the issues raised by the inspec-tor general and help to ensure that they will not be repeated at any VA fa-cility. I remain steadfast in my work to bring accountability and reform to the VA. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield to the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. M
EE-
HAN). 
Mr. MEEHAN. I want to thank the 
gentleman, and I want to thank him for his hard work on this bill. 
Mr. Chairman, the gentleman from 
Pennsylvania has put together a fis-cally responsible piece of legislation that will support the U.S. military, the military families, and the veterans who have served our country. 
As you have heard in the discussions 
that have taken place with other col-leagues, particularly with those from Pennsylvania, when red tape and mis-management stand between a veteran and his or her care, we all have a re-sponsibility to blow the whistle and to call for appropriate reforms. 
The inspector general for Veterans 
Affairs released a report 2 weeks ago on the Philadelphia Veterans Affairs Re-gional Office, as my colleague identi-fied, and the report was even more scathing than we were led to believe it would be. It confirmed our worst fears—that the Philadelphia VA Re-gional Office is rife with systematic mismanagement, poor morale, the de-liberate manipulation of data, and in-dividuals who are more focused on mis-leading the Nation than on serving our veterans. 
I would like to thank Chairman M
IL-
LER on the Veterans’ Affairs Com-
mittee for convening a hearing on these reports just last week in order to explore these matters in greater detail. Out of those hearings, we learned that the VA isn’t planning on holding any-one responsible until after the comple-tion of yet another report. This may be the nature of the process, but it is deeply troubling. 
What the VA needs is not an endless 
loop of bureaucratic reviews and in-quires—it is competent management that is needed, management that will 
hold the employees and the other man-agement accountable. While we wait for the next report, with this bill, Con-gress has an opportunity to take re-form action with VA H.R. 2029, which will give the VA employees the tools they need to expedite the veterans ben-efits and care process. 
One of the findings from the IG re-
port that stuck out at me was that, in Philadelphia, the average response time for some 31,000 inquiries was 312 days. According to policy, that re-sponse should have happened within 5 days. I asked the Director of the VA: What do you tell the veterans? He had no answer. That response time is com-pletely unacceptable. The funding in this bill will provide additional staff to expedite the processing of these claims and get those veterans the benefits they deserve. 
Again, I want to thank the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. D
ENT) 
for his hard work on this bill. I look forward to continuing to work with him, as well as with other colleagues, to bring about the important reforms that are needed at the Philadelphia benefits office. 
Mr. DENT. I thank the gentleman 
from Pennsylvania for his dedication and determination to right the situa-tion. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield to the gen-
tleman from Chester County, Pennsyl-vania (Mr. C
OSTELLO ). 
Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. 
Chairman, I rise today regarding Con-gressman D
ENT’s fiscally responsible 
appropriations legislation and the posi-tive impact it will have on the Phila-delphia VA Regional Office. 
The Acting CHAIR. The time of the 
gentleman has expired. 
Mr. DENT. Mr. Chairman, I move to 
strike the last word. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. DENT. Mr. Chairman, I yield to 
the gentleman from Chester County, Pennsylvania (Mr. C
OSTELLO ), who has 
been deeply concerned about this issue of the Philadelphia Veterans Affairs Regional Office. 
Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. 
Chairman, I rise today regarding Con-gressman D
ENT’s fiscally responsible 
appropriations legislation and the posi-tive impact it will have on the Phila-delphia VA Regional Office. 
As you know, the Philadelphia VA 
has been plagued with a dysfunctional and toxic work environment, with management purposefully and bla-tantly displaying managerial wrong-doing. Mr. Chairman, it is our duty to right these wrongdoings and to ensure that the best care is provided to our veterans. This appropriations bill is a great start, and it gives Congress the opportunity to act on behalf of our vet-erans. Let’s talk about this appropria-tions bill and the specifics of it. 
It fully funds the Veterans Benefits 
Management System, which will result 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:13 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00088 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29AP7.043 H29APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2591 April 29, 2015 
in cutting the average processing time 
of a veteran’s filed claim. It fully funds the Veterans Benefits Administration with an additional $163 million to allow for more staffing for the processing of appeals claims. We have already heard about the backlog of the claims. This seeks to address that. It allocates fund-ing for IT to permit the electronic modernization of appeals claims, and it allocates full funding for digital scan-ning and centralized mail. Lastly, this bill establishes strike force response teams to bring in experienced man-agers to implement corrective actions at struggling and low-performing VA facilities, like the Philadelphia VA. 
Mr. Chairman, it is time for change 
at the Philadelphia VA RO, and I am fully committed to ensuring that there is a course correction of the wrongdoings there and that we effec-tively and expeditiously resolve the problems. I encourage my colleagues to do the same and support this bill. 
I will also want to particularly thank 
Congressman D
ENT for his hard work 
on this bill. I look forward to con-tinuing to work with you and with your respective committees to provide the best for the veterans in our Com-monwealth and across the Nation. 
Mr. DENT. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
read. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
NATIONAL CEMETERY ADMINISTRATION  
For necessary expenses of the National 
Cemetery Administration for operations and maintenance, not otherwise provided for, in-cluding uniforms or allowances therefor; cemeterial expenses as authorized by law; purchase of one passenger motor vehicle for use in cemeterial operations; hire of pas-senger motor vehicles; and repair, alteration or improvement of facilities under the juris-diction of the National Cemetery Adminis-tration, $266,220,000, of which not to exceed $26,600,000 shall remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2017. 
D
EPARTMENTAL ADMINISTRATION  
GENERAL ADMINISTRATION  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  
For necessary operating expenses of the 
Department of Veterans Affairs, not other-wise provided for, including administrative expenses in support of Department-wide cap-ital planning, management and policy activi-ties, uniforms, or allowances therefor; not to exceed $25,000 for official reception and rep-resentation expenses; hire of passenger motor vehicles; and reimbursement of the General Services Administration for security guard services, $336,659,000, of which not to exceed $10,100,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2017: Provided , That 
funds provided under this heading may be transferred to ‘‘General Operating Expenses, Veterans Benefits Administration’’. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . MCNERNEY  
Mr. M CNERNEY. Mr. Chairman, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 30, line 15, after the first dollar 
amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $15,068,000)’’. 
Page 31, line 9, after the dollar amount, in-
sert ‘‘(reduced by $27,213,000)’’. Page 32, lines 5 and 9, after each dollar 
amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $135,019,000)’’. 
Page 36, line 5, after the first dollar 
amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $177,300,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 223, the gentleman from California and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from California. 
b1615 
Mr. M
CNERNEY. Mr. Chairman, I 
want to thank Chairman D ENT and 
Ranking Member B ISHOP for all their 
hard work on this year’s military con-struction and Veterans Affairs funding bill. I know that both of you had to make difficult decisions to get under the current financial constraints. 
The President’s budget included $1.4 
billion in funding for VA major con-struction projects. Unfortunately, this bill only includes $561 million, which is $582 million less than the request. This severely impacts access to care for vet-erans. 
My amendment increases the VA 
major construction by $177 million, al-though I would still prefer to restore full funding for major construction with the President’s fiscal year 2016 budget request. The amendment is off-set by reductions to the VA adminis-tration IT accounts, bringing them in line with the fiscal year 2015 enacted levels. In addition, the general oper-ating expenses account would be re-duced by $27 million. 
However, my amendment will ensure 
that more VA construction projects are funded, including the outpatient clinic and national cemetery in Alameda, California, and a 187,000-square-foot community-based outpatient clinic in French Camp, California. 
Without this funding, more than 
87,000 veterans in and around my dis-trict will have to continue to wait for the quality medical care that they have earned. For example, I recently drove with a veteran to the nearest VA medical center. His appointment was only 30 minutes, but including travel, it took us 8 hours. It took all day. This cannot continue. 
The VA buildings are an average of 60 
years old. Since 2004, use of Depart-ment facilities has risen 80 percent to 120 percent, while the condition of these facilities deteriorated over the same period of time. There are more than 3,900 infrastructure gaps that will cost between $54 billion and $66 billion to close, including $10 billion in activa-tion costs. 
Moreover, the Veterans Health Ad-
ministration has over 21 major con-struction projects dating to 2007 that have been only partially funded. To complete existing projects and to close future gaps, the VA will need to invest at least $23 billion over the next 10 years. At current requested funding levels, it will take more than 67 years to complete the 10-year capital invest-ment plan of the Department. 
Our brave men and women deserve 
access to the best healthcare system our Nation has to offer, and that is the 
VA healthcare system. Not adequately funding our future construction projects is a disservice to our Nation’s heroes. 
Now I share my colleagues’ outrage 
at the VA boondoggle in Aurora, Colo-rado. This is unacceptable to tax-payers, to veterans and their families, and an embarrassment to the VA. While we are all frustrated with how this process has gone, further funding reductions to major construction does not help build additional facilities on schedule, fails to provide additional oversight of construction projects, and does nothing to reform VA construc-tion processes. I am pleased that both the chairman and ranking member rec-ognize the need to address this issue and have included important language to that effect, but there is still more work to be done, and that is something we plan to address in the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
In addition, the VA announced last 
week that it is working with the Army Corps of Engineers to identify projects in which the Corps will serve as the construction agent. The VA and the Corps are still working on the exact projects and criteria, but this is a step in the right direction. 
Mr. Chairman, I understand the frus-
tration, really, but cutting funding right now to these projects doesn’t solve the problem. It is hurting our veterans. We need to think outside of that box. Let’s focus on improving our construction process and not punishing the veterans across the country be-cause of what occurred in Denver. I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. DENT. Mr. Chairman, I must rise 
reluctantly in opposition to the amend-ment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. DENT. I know the gentleman and 
others are disappointed that we did not provide the full administration request for major construction, but we felt that it was more important to provide necessary health services for veterans than to add to the poorly managed major construction account. This amendment, I believe, proves the wis-dom of our choice. 
To provide enough money for the 
French Camp project Mr. M
CNERNEY is 
interested in, we would have to gut the VA IT program, which is already $195 million below the request. I don’t think many Members would be willing to ac-cept the cuts that would need to be made to the electronic medical records system or the paperless disability claims processing system. We can’t af-ford to sacrifice the good of the many veterans to accommodate a local or pa-rochial project construction request. 
I understand the gentleman’s concern 
and frustration, but I do believe that this request would do a lot of damage to the IT program and affect a lot of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:13 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00089 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29AP7.045 H29APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2592 April 29, 2015 
things that all of us are deeply con-
cerned about in terms of an A-rated health record, EMR, and other impor-tant disability issues. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from California (Mr. M
CNER-
NEY). 
The amendment was rejected. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . GOSAR  
Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chairman, I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 30, line 15, after the first dollar 
amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $8,000,000) (in-creased by $8,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 223, the gentleman from Arizona and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Arizona. 
Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chairman, I rise to 
offer an amendment that would trans-fer $8 million within this bill to hire and train personnel for the purposes of reducing the veterans’ disability claims backlog. 
By way of background, the VA’s 
budget justification for the fiscal year 2016 requests an increase of $12 million for its Office of General Counsel, but on the very next page of that document, it says it needs $4 million to ‘‘address in-creases in the legal workload.’’ 
The VA budget justification also says 
that the VA’s goal is to have an addi-tional 45 full-time equivalent lawyers for its Office of General Counsel, which would take the total number of attor-neys up to 757. According to the com-mittee report for the last 5 years, the committee has fully funded the Presi-dent’s budget request for additional full-time equivalents, and yet the claim backlogs remain. 
My amendment seeks to reprogram 
money within the Veterans Benefits Administration from the Office of Gen-eral Counsel and put it towards the hir-ing and training of personnel who will work to reduce the VA claims backlog. The Congressional Budget Office says this amendment has no score. 
I think most of us can agree that the 
appropriations would be better spent on the VA claims backlog reduction rather than hiring more lawyers. I urge my colleagues to support this amend-ment. 
Mr. DENT. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. GOSAR. I yield to the gentleman 
from Pennsylvania. 
Mr. DENT. I agree with Mr. G
OSAR  
that eliminating the backlog should be the VA’s highest priority. The bill pro-vides the entire administration request for claims processing activities, and I would support your amendment. 
Mr. GOSAR. I thank the gentleman. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of 
my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Arizona (Mr. G
OSAR ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MS . TITUS  
Ms. TITUS. I rise to offer an amend-
ment. It is at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 30, line 15, after the first dollar 
amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $500,000) (in-creased by $500,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 223, the gentlewoman from Nevada and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from Nevada. 
Ms. TITUS. I yield myself such time 
as I may consume. 
Mr. Chair, I rise today in support of 
my amendment, which is designed to focus the VA’s attention on a critical issue, the treatment of our female vet-erans. 
The population of women veterans is 
rapidly growing. Today women con-stitute approximately 20 percent of new recruits, 14.5 percent of the Active Duty component, and 18 percent of the Reserve component. Almost 280,000 women have served post-9/11 in Afghan-istan and Iraq. While the number of male veterans is expected to decline by 2020, the number of women veterans is expected to grow dramatically to 11 percent of the veteran population. 
From health care to child care, the 
needs of women veterans are different from those of their male counterparts. Unfortunately, the VA has faced chal-lenges in meeting these needs. There are far too few OB/GYNs and a dearth of women’s healthcare clinics. Where clinics do exist, many lack sufficient privacy protections for the patient. The VA has also struggled to address shortages in mental health, child care, and housing services for female vet-erans. 
Too many women who served either 
do not identify themselves as veterans or they lack sufficient information about the benefits and services that the VA provides. Fortunately, the VA has started to put an increased focus on this population. The VA Center for Women Veterans is charged with moni-toring and coordinating VA’s adminis-tration of health care, benefits serv-ices, and programs for women veterans, as well as with raising awareness with-in the Department for their special needs. 
In 2012 the Women Veterans Task 
Force published a report outlining strategies to meet the needs of our fe-male veterans. The report highlighted barriers to providing services to women veterans, including a lack of data col-lection and analysis. Without knowing how to best serve and meet expecta-tions of female veterans, the VA will never be able to give these heroes the care and support that they earned and deserve. 
My amendment is designed simply to 
encourage the VA to fill the two un-funded data collection and analysis po-sitions in the Center for Women Vet-erans to ensure that the VA is able to 
identify and fulfill the needs of our Na-tion’s female heroes. 
I thank the chairman and the rank-
ing member for working with me on this amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Chair, I 
move to strike the last word. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman is 
recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Chair, 
thank you for allowing me to respond. I support the gentlewoman’s efforts to highlight the importance of women’s health. The VA women’s center has been underfunded for the last few years. As the gentlewoman correctly pointed out, their most recent working group recommends that they fill two statistician positions that have not yet been filled due to lack of budget. 
Without these positions, it is chal-
lenging for the VA to get good data about female veterans, so many pro-grams are shaped using faulty assump-tions. I believe that these positions are very important for the VA when it comes to providing care for our female veterans. I support these efforts, and I urge all Members to support it. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. DENT. Mr. Chair, I claim the 
time in opposition to the amendment, but I am not opposed to the amend-ment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-
tion, the gentleman from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. DENT. Mr. Chair, I commend the 
gentlelady for her work to improve the services VA provides to our women vet-erans. You really ought to be com-mended. I know your work on the au-thorizing committee is very important to you. Since women comprise nearly 15 percent of the Active-Duty military forces, VA must improve its services and infrastructure to accommodate gender-specific needs. I certainly strongly support the gentlelady’s amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. TITUS. Mr. Chairman, I just 
want to close by asking my other col-leagues to support this amendment so we can send a strong message to our fe-male veterans that the U.S. Congress is committed to ensuring that the VA is meeting their unique needs. It is crit-ical that the VA is able to accurately look forward to the future and shape their programs so it is welcoming and supporting of all our veterans. I thank you for your support. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Nevada (Ms. T
ITUS). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . GOSAR  
Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chairman, I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 30, line 15, after the first dollar 
amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $2,000,000)’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:13 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00090 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29AP7.048 H29APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2593 April 29, 2015 
Page 30, line 22, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(increased by $2,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 223, the gentleman from Arizona and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Arizona. 
b1630 
Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chairman, I rise to 
offer a straightforward amendment that would strengthen the ability of the Board of Veterans Appeals to re-duce its backlog. 
I applaud the committee for taking 
on the difficult task of prioritizing lim-ited resources for our veterans. The committee rightfully recommends the budget request level for the Board of Veterans Appeals, but I will note that one of the primary concerns I hear from my casework staff and directly from the veterans is the need for in-creased resources to the Board of Vet-erans Appeals. 
According to the committee report 
accompanying this bill, ‘‘appeals re-ceived by BVA are projected to in-crease from 49,611 in 2012 to 81,640 cases in 2016.’’ That is a 65 percent increase in just 4 short years. 
With our troops returning from Iraq 
and Afghanistan, it is no wonder why there is such a significant spike in the claims and appeals. I simply want to heed the call of the veterans in my dis-trict and across this country and en-sure that the Board of Veterans Ap-peals has the resources necessary to address the seemingly endless backlog. 
CBO says this amendment would 
have no impact on budget authority or outlays. 
I encourage my colleagues to support 
this amendment. I thank the chairman and the ranking member for their dili-gent efforts. 
Mr. DENT. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. GOSAR. I yield to the gentleman 
from Pennsylvania. 
Mr. DENT. I agree with the gen-
tleman from Arizona’s emphasis on maximizing funding for the Board of Veterans Appeals. The board will be facing an enormous increase in case-load as the backlog of initial disability claims is cleared and veterans appeals those decisions. 
We have provided a $9 million, or 8.6 
percent, increase in the board’s fund-ing, as well as additional information technology funds to help modernize the board’s paperbound processing system. 
I support the gentleman’s amend-
ment. 
Mr. GOSAR. I thank the gentleman 
and the ranking member, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Arizona (Mr. G
OSAR ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MS . SINEMA  
Ms. SINEMA. Mr. Chairman, I have 
an amendment at the desk, which I will offer at this time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 30, line 15, after the first dollar 
amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $50,000) (in-creased by $50,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 223, the gentlewoman from Arizona and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from Arizona. 
Ms. SINEMA. Mr. Chairman, the 
Sinema amendment is a commonsense fix that helps improve the trans-parency of the VA and the quality of services provided to veterans. 
I appreciate Chairman D
ENT and 
Ranking Member B ISHOP for all of the 
work that they are doing to pass this bill and for being so kind about this amendment. 
The underlying bill requires quar-
terly reports on the financial status of the Veterans Health Administration. My amendment requires the VA to in-clude, as part of these quarterly pay-ments, any outstanding payments owed to contracted entities older than 60 days and a justification for the delay in payments. 
Over the last year, we have seen that 
the VA is unable to provide the timely, high-quality care our veterans deserve on their own. By leveraging commu-nity providers and creating a seamless relationship between internal VA care providers and external non-VA care providers, we can ensure that veterans receive the timely access to quality care they deserve. 
That is what the Choice Act is trying 
to create. That is what the Secretary hopes to build through the MyVA ini-tiative. 
Unfortunately, the VA continues to 
struggle with paying its bills in a time-ly way. In my district, I have heard from large hospitals and small busi-nesses alike who don’t receive prompt payments from the VA. 
A small business in my district, In-
terim HealthCare, provides home care, skilled medical care, and staffing serv-ices for the VA. Despite efforts by the Phoenix VA hospital, the larger VA system has failed to pay Interim HealthCare and others in a timely way. This threatens small businesses and the care that they provide to Arizona veterans. Ultimately, this undermines the seamless care we are attempting to provide to veterans. 
Understanding why the VA struggles 
to provide timely payments to con-tracted service providers will help the VA address this issue and improve the quality of services for our veterans. 
Additionally, we have learned that in 
2014, over 55 percent of all veterans calling a national hotline for care never got through to a representative. Thus far, in 2015, that number has risen to 59 percent. This amendment would also allow the VA to provide a report on how many individuals who reached the call center are dropped and how many get the care they receive. 
The Sinema amendment, Mr. Chair 
and others, which will improve over-sight and accountability at the VA, is 
a step towards restoring the trust that we so dearly owe to our veterans. 
I thank the chairman and ranking 
member for their support and their dedication to our Nation’s veterans. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
Mr. DENT. Mr. Chairman, I ask 
unanimous consent to claim the time in opposition to the amendment, but I am not opposed the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection 
to the request of the gentleman from Pennsylvania? 
There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. DENT. Mr. Chairman, I support 
the amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Arizona (Ms. S
INEMA ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . GOSAR  
Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chairman, I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 30, line 15, after the first dollar 
amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $3,200,000)’’. 
Page 32, line 5, after the dollar amount, in-
sert ‘‘(increased by $3,200,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 223, the gentleman from Arizona and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Arizona. 
Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chairman, I rise to 
offer an amendment to provide addi-tional resources for the information technology systems at the Department of Veterans Affairs. 
Updates and upgrades to IT systems 
at the VA are paramount to meeting the goals of veterans claims backlog reduction. 
I applaud the committee for recom-
mending resources above and beyond last year’s enacted levels, but the rec-ommended levels are significantly be-neath the President’s budget request levels. 
Last year, I offered an amendment to 
this same appropriation bill, House amendment 635, which transferred just over $3.2 million from the general ad-ministration account at the VA to the IT systems account. That amendment was agreed to by a voice vote. Today, I offer essentially the same amendment. 
I just want to note, as I have before, 
that many of our veterans are simply giving up. They are either giving up on trying to obtain the benefits they de-serve or, worse, some of them are giv-ing up on life altogether. It is a trav-esty, and this is an appalling trend that must be reversed. 
I appreciate the committee’s hard 
work and its acknowledgment of the importance of reducing the backlog in this bill. Having said that, I think we can do more and should focus on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:13 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00091 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29AP7.055 H29APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2594 April 29, 2015 
prioritizing funding for efforts that 
will lead to timelier care for our Na-tion’s heroes, as opposed to administra-tive expenses. 
My commonsense amendment pro-
poses redirecting a fraction of the funds in the general administration ac-count away from things like funding for conference expenses and bureau-crats and shifting those funds toward reducing the VA claims backlog. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
simple amendment to improve IT sys-tems at the VA. 
Mr. DENT. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. GOSAR. I yield to the gentleman 
from Pennsylvania. 
Mr. DENT. I understand the gentle-
man’s focus on providing information technology resources for the VA in order to meet the goals of eliminating the backlog. I have no objection to the amendment. 
Mr. GOSAR. I certainly thank the 
distinguished chair and the ranking member, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Arizona (Mr. G
OSAR ). 
The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
read. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
BOARD OF VETERANS APPEALS  
For necessary operating expenses of the 
Board of Veterans Appeals, $107,884,000, of which not to exceed $10,788,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2017. 
GENERAL OPERATING EXPENSES , VETERANS  
BENEFITS ADMINISTRATION  
For necessary operating expenses of the 
Veterans Benefits Administration, not other-wise provided for, including hire of passenger motor vehicles, reimbursement of the Gen-eral Services Administration for security guard services, and reimbursement of the De-partment of Defense for the cost of overseas employee mail, $2,697,734,000: Provided , That 
expenses for services and assistance author-ized under paragraphs (1), (2), (5), and (11) of section 3104(a) of title 38, United States Code, that the Secretary of Veterans Affairs determines are necessary to enable entitled veterans: (1) to the maximum extent fea-sible, to become employable and to obtain and maintain suitable employment; or (2) to achieve maximum independence in daily liv-ing, shall be charged to this account: Pro-
vided further , That of the funds made avail-
able under this heading, not to exceed $134,800,000 shall remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2017. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . RUIZ 
Mr. RUIZ. Mr. Chairman, I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 31, line 9, after the dollar amount, in-
sert ‘‘(reduced by $5,000,000) (increased by $5,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 223, the gentleman from California and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from California. 
Mr. RUIZ. Mr. Chairman, I will start 
off by saying thank you to Chairman D
ENTand Ranking Member B ISHOP for 
their hard work on this appropriations bill. 
I rise today to offer an amendment to 
H.R. 2029, the Military Construction and Veterans Affairs and Related Agen-cies Appropriations Act for 2016. This amendment is for the brave men and women who have served and sacrificed for our country, our veterans. 
California is home to almost 2 mil-
lion veterans, and I am proud to rep-resent more than 54,000 veterans in my district alone. There are 40,000 veterans expected to return to California every year for the next several years, includ-ing the fastest growing group of re-turning veterans, women. 
As our troops come home and assimi-
late back into civilian life, it is critical that we do not abandon our veterans when they put down their weapons; in-stead, we must ensure they have time-ly access to the critical benefits they have earned and deserve. 
Unconscionably, thousands of vet-
erans who have sacrificed for our coun-try are struggling to access benefits they have already earned. Due to the lingering claims backlog at the Vet-erans Health Administration, veterans across our Nation are waiting for pen-sions, prescription drugs, and even life-saving medical care. 
Veterans are still waiting for the VA 
to process 448,000 benefit claims, and 176,000 of those veterans have been waiting longer than 125 days for a deci-sion. Our work to clear this harmful backlog is not finished, and we owe it to these courageous men and women to do so as soon as possible. 
These figures are staggering, but the 
people this is affecting are not mere statistics. They are men and women like retired Air Force Master Sergeant Andrew Walker and his family from Beaumont, California. 
Mr. Walker and his family waited 
years on end without receiving the critical health care he was promised, earned, and desperately needed. While I am heartened that I was able to help resolve Mr. Walker’s claim, the back-log remains an enduring nightmare for too many veterans across the country. 
Reduced to a claim number and a 
seemingly endless line, veterans expe-rience pain, frustration, hopelessness, and despair. Although the backlog has shrunk since Congress last passed a similar appropriations bill, we must not lose sight of the importance of get-ting veterans like Andrew Walker their hard-earned benefits as soon as pos-sible. 
As a member of the VA Committee, I 
am fighting to change the culture at the VA from the inside out. By focus-ing on veteran-centered care and ensur-ing that the VA continues working to eliminate this backlog, we can take much-needed steps in keeping faith with our veterans and getting them the benefits they have earned. 
That is why I am offering this 
amendment to advocate for an addi-tional $5 million to fund the digital scanning of health and benefits files to 
reduce the backlog by redirecting fund-ing within the general operating ex-penses account of the Veterans Bene-fits Administration. 
This amendment simply directs funds 
toward the digital scanning of health and benefit files that will reduce the claims backlog without any new spend-ing. 
As an emergency medicine physician, 
I understand the importance of effi-ciency in health care, and I know how dangerous such tribulations can be for a person with PTSD or depression. 
By committing resources to 
digitizing health and benefits files, we will further increase VA’s capacity to tackle the claims backlog, ensuring veterans receive the benefits they have earned in a timely manner. 
Let us continue to bear in mind that 
these men and women have served this country and they have put their lives on the line. We must service them by making certain that Congress focuses on eliminating the claims backlog for good. 
I encourage my colleagues to stand 
up for veterans and support my prag-matic amendment to reduce veterans claims processing times. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from California (Mr. R
UIZ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . WALBERG  
Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Chair, I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 31, line 9, after the dollar amount, in-
sert ‘‘(reduced by $5,000,000) (increased by $5,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 223, the gentleman from Michigan and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Michigan. 
Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Chairman, I 
would like to start by thanking sub-committee Chairman D
ENTand Chair-
man R OGERS for their work in devel-
oping this legislation to address the current and future needs of our Na-tion’s veterans. 
I rise today to offer an amendment 
that highlights the need for veterans job training as part of this appropria-tions bill. Simply, my amendment would designate $5 million within the general operating expenses of the Vet-erans Benefits Administration account to support programs that help our vet-erans transition to the workforce. 
Michigan is home to more than 
660,000 veterans who contribute every day to the vitality of our communities. 
b1645 
These men and women have devel-
oped marketable skills, from technical training in mechanics, IT, and health care, to leadership qualities, ethics, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:13 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00092 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29AP7.059 H29APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2595 April 29, 2015 
and problem-solving abilities, yet too 
many of them struggle to find employ-ment after they have completed their service. 
Those veterans recently returned 
from Iraq and Afghanistan face unique challenges to finding employment, as those who served in Active Duty since September 20, 2001, face a jobless rate that is 1.7 percentage points higher—7.2 percent veterans versus 5.5 percent na-tional—than the general population. 
The House has taken a number of 
good steps toward helping veterans transition to the civilian sector, from passing the Hire More Heroes Act to re-move costly ObamaCare mandates that discourage the hiring of veterans, to working with employers to help them understand the benefits of hiring vet-erans. We can certainly do more to en-sure these brave men and women have the opportunity for gainful employ-ment when they return to our commu-nities. 
The VA should use these designated 
funds to focus on difficulties veterans face translating their valuable skills to suitable employment in the civilian sector. For example, as the committee rightly highlights in their report, the VA should refine and upgrade its Mili-tary Skills Translator tool to more ac-curately reflect the transferable skills of transitioning military veterans. The VA should also increase public aware-ness and access to this tool for our Na-tion’s employers. 
If we are to develop the 21st century 
workforce, our Nation cannot afford to leave our veterans behind; and if we are to meet our obligation to those who have put their lives on the line in serv-ice to our country, we must work to improve the transition from military service to the career field. 
I hope my colleagues will support 
this commonsense amendment to help our veterans get back to work. 
Mr. DENT. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. WALBERG. I yield to the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania. 
Mr. DENT. I know the gentleman 
from Michigan has a deep commitment to providing job training and employ-ment assistance for our returning vet-erans, and I support the amendment, which highlights the importance of VA programs that provide this assistance. 
Mr. WALBERG. I thank the chair-
man. 
I yield back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Michigan (Mr. W
ALBERG ). 
The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
read. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY SYSTEMS  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  
For necessary expenses for information 
technology systems and telecommunications support, including developmental informa-tion systems and operational information systems; for pay and associated costs; and for the capital asset acquisition of informa-tion technology systems, including manage-ment and related contractual costs of said 
acquisitions, including contractual costs as-sociated with operations authorized by sec-tion 3109 of title 5, United States Code, $4,038,363,000, plus reimbursements: Provided , 
That $1,115,757,000 shall be for pay and associ-ated costs, of which not to exceed $34,800,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2017: Provided further , That $2,417,863,000 shall 
be for operations and maintenance, of which not to exceed $167,900,000 shall remain avail-able until September 30, 2017: Provided fur-
ther, That $504,743,000 shall be for informa-
tion technology systems development, mod-ernization, and enhancement, and shall re-main available until September 30, 2017: Pro-
vided further , That amounts made available 
for information technology systems develop-ment, modernization, and enhancement may not be obligated or expended until the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs or the Chief Infor-mation Officer of the Department of Vet-erans Affairs submits to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress a certification of the amounts, in parts or in full, to be obligated and expended for each development project: Provided further , That 
amounts made available for salaries and ex-penses, operations and maintenance, and in-formation technology systems development, modernization, and enhancement may be transferred among the three subaccounts after the Secretary of Veterans Affairs re-quests from the Committees on Appropria-tions of both Houses of Congress the author-ity to make the transfer and an approval is issued: Provided further , That amounts made 
available for the ‘‘Information Technology Systems’’ account for development, mod-ernization, and enhancement may be trans-ferred among projects or to newly defined projects: Provided further , That no project 
may be increased or decreased by more than $1,000,000 of cost prior to submitting a re-quest to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress to make the transfer and an approval is issued, or absent a response, a period of 30 days has elapsed: Provided further , That funds under this head-
ing may be used by the Interagency Program Office through the Department of Veterans Affairs to define data standards, code sets, and value sets used to enable interoper-ability: Provided further , That of the funds 
made available for information technology systems development, modernization, and enhancement for VistA Evolution, not more than 25 percent may be obligated or ex-pended until the Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs submits to the Committees on Appro-priations of both Houses of Congress, and 
such Committees approve, a report that de-scribes: (1) the status of and changes to the VistA Evolution program plan dated March 24, 2014 (hereinafter referred to as the ‘‘Plan’’), the VistA 4 product roadmap dated February 26, 2015 (‘‘Roadmap’’), and the VistA 4 Incremental Life Cycle Cost Esti-mate, dated October 26, 2014; (2) any changes to the scope or functionality of projects within the VistA Evolution program as es-tablished in the Plan; (3) actual program costs incurred to date; (4) progress in meet-ing the schedule milestones that have been established in the Plan; (5) a Project Man-agement Accountability System (PMAS) Dashboard Progress report that identifies each VistA Evolution project being tracked through PMAS, what functionality it is in-tended to provide, and what evaluation scores it has received throughout develop-ment; (6) the definition being used for inter-operability between the electronic health record systems of the Department of Defense and the Department of Veterans Affairs, the metrics to measure the extent of interoper-ability, the milestones and timeline associ-ated with achieving interoperability, and the baseline measurements associated with 
interoperability; (7) progress toward devel-oping and implementing all components and levels of interoperability, including semantic interoperability; (8) the change management tools in place to facilitate the implementa-tion of VistA Evolution and interoperability; and (9) any changes to the governance struc-ture for the VistA Evolution program and its chain of decisionmaking authority: Provided 
further , That the funds made available under 
this heading for information technology sys-tems development, modernization, and en-hancement, shall be for the projects, and in the amounts, specified under this heading in the report accompanying this Act. 
OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  
For necessary expenses of the Office of In-
spector General, to include information technology, in carrying out the provisions of the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.), $131,766,000, of which not to exceed $12,600,000 shall remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2017. 
CONSTRUCTION , MAJOR PROJECTS  
For constructing, altering, extending, and 
improving any of the facilities, including parking projects, under the jurisdiction or for the use of the Department of Veterans Affairs, or for any of the purposes set forth in sections 316, 2404, 2406 and chapter 81 of title 38, United States Code, not otherwise provided for, including planning, architec-tural and engineering services, construction management services, maintenance or guar-antee period services costs associated with equipment guarantees provided under the project, services of claims analysts, offsite utility and storm drainage system construc-tion costs, and site acquisition, where the es-timated cost of a project is more than the amount set forth in section 8104(a)(3)(A) of title 38, United States Code, or where funds for a project were made available in a pre-vious major project appropriation, $561,800,000, of which $527,800,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2020, and of which $34,000,000 shall remain available until expended: Provided , That except for advance 
planning activities, including needs assess-ments which may or may not lead to capital investments, and other capital asset man-agement related activities, including port-folio development and management activi-ties, and investment strategy studies funded through the advance planning fund and the planning and design activities funded through the design fund, including needs as-sessments which may or may not lead to capital investments, and salaries and associ-ated costs of the resident engineers who oversee those capital investments funded through this account, and funds provided for the purchase of land for the National Ceme-tery Administration through the land acqui-sition line item, none of the funds made available under this heading shall be used for any project which has not been approved by the Congress in the budgetary process: Pro-
vided further , That funds made available 
under this heading for fiscal year 2016, for each approved project shall be obligated: (1) by the awarding of a construction documents contract by September 30, 2016; and (2) by the awarding of a construction contract by Sep-tember 30, 2017: Provided further , That the 
Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall promptly 
submit to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress a written report on any approved major construction project for which obligations are not incurred within the time limitations established above. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MS . BROWNLEY OF  
CALIFORNIA  
Ms. BROWNLEY of California. Mr. 
Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:13 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00093 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29AP7.065 H29APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2596 April 29, 2015 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
In the ‘‘Department of Veterans Affairs— 
Departmental Administration—Construc-tion, Major Projects’’ account, strike the ag-gregate dollar amount and insert ‘‘$1,143,800,000’’. 
Mr. DENT. Mr. Chairman, I reserve a 
point of order on the gentlewoman’s amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A point of order 
is reserved. 
Pursuant to House Resolution 223, 
the gentlewoman from California and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from California. 
Ms. BROWNLEY of California. Mr. 
Chairman, I rise this afternoon to offer an amendment to H.R. 2029. My amend-ment would restore the funding for major construction projects in the De-partment of Veterans Affairs to $1.14 billion to meet the level that the VA has requested. 
As ranking member of the House Vet-
erans’ Affairs Subcommittee on Health, I share the outrage of many of my colleagues over the unacceptable mismanagement of the VA’s major con-struction program. 
I agree that VA management must be 
held accountable for their failure to manage construction costs for the Den-ver hospital. Congress must reform the VA construction program so that it uses taxpayer dollars wisely and effi-ciently. However, we cannot continue to ignore the sad state of disrepair in VA hospitals and clinics across our country which are in desperate need of funding for modernization and health and safety improvements. 
Most of the VA’s medical infrastruc-
ture is old and outdated. The average building age is approaching 60 years. Many VA health facilities urgently need seismic retrofitting or emergency repairs. Others are too small to accom-modate the growing population of vet-erans returning home from Iraq and Af-ghanistan, and the aging population of veterans who served in Vietnam con-tinues to put great stress on the VA. 
Many veterans in underserved com-
munities like Ventura County are counting on us, on Congress, to ensure that new construction projects are de-livered and that their health care needs will be met. The funding levels in the bill would delay VA plans to expand health care facilities in many loca-tions, harming VA’s ability to provide care to veterans. 
If the current funding level in this 
bill is made law, the VA would have to scuttle plans for a rehabilitative ther-apy building in St. Louis, Missouri, two outpatient clinics in Alameda and French Camp in California, and a com-munity living center in Perry Point, Maryland. Delaying these projects is not the right way to honor our com-mitment to our Nation’s veterans. 
Mr. Chair, draconian funding cuts to 
the VA’s major construction program are not the only way that veterans are 
being shortchanged in this bill before us today. The majority’s bill also fails to meet the administration’s budget re-quests in other areas, including med-ical services, medical facilities, and in-formation technology. 
For example, the VA estimates that 
at the bill’s current funding level, over 70,000 fewer veterans will receive med-ical care compared to the administra-tion’s request. In addition, the VA will not be able to pay for cemetery expan-sions in St. Louis, Portland, Riverside, Puerto Rico, and Pensacola, which would have enabled the Department to serve 18,000 veterans and their family members annually. 
Veteran advocates, including 
AMVETS, Disabled American Vet-erans, Paralyzed Veterans of America, and the Veterans of Foreign Wars, agree that, in the long run, Congress will be forced to appropriate much larger sums to enable the VA to catch up on the deficits being created by this bill, not only in capital infrastructure, but in critical investments in other VA services in health care. 
If we really want to change the cul-
ture of the VA and ensure that vet-erans everywhere can get the services and benefits they have earned, Con-gress must do its part by investing in our veterans. 
When Congress cuts corners, we put 
the health and well-being of the men and women who have served this coun-try at risk. 
I realize, Mr. Chairman, that my 
amendment is subject to a point of order, so I intend to withdraw my amendment, but we must fix this bill before it moves forward. 
Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous con-
sent to withdraw my amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection 
to the request of the gentlewoman from California? 
There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
read. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
CONSTRUCTION , MINOR PROJECTS  
For constructing, altering, extending, and 
improving any of the facilities, including parking projects, under the jurisdiction or for the use of the Department of Veterans Affairs, including planning and assessments of needs which may lead to capital invest-ments, architectural and engineering serv-ices, maintenance or guarantee period serv-ices costs associated with equipment guaran-tees provided under the project, services of claims analysts, offsite utility and storm drainage system construction costs, and site acquisition, or for any of the purposes set forth in sections 316, 2404, 2406, and chapter 81 of title 38, United States Code, not other-wise provided for, where the estimated cost of a project is equal to or less than the amount set forth in section 8104(a)(3)(A) of title 38, United States Code, $406,200,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020, along with unobligated balances of previous ‘‘Construction, Minor Projects’’ appropria-tions which are hereby made available for any project where the estimated cost is equal to or less than the amount set forth in such section: Provided , That funds made 
available under this heading shall be for: (1) repairs to any of the nonmedical facilities 
under the jurisdiction or for the use of the Department which are necessary because of loss or damage caused by any natural dis-aster or catastrophe; and (2) temporary measures necessary to prevent or to mini-mize further loss by such causes. 
GRANTS FOR CONSTRUCTION OF STATE  
EXTENDED CARE FACILITIES  
For grants to assist States to acquire or 
construct State nursing home and domi-ciliary facilities and to remodel, modify, or alter existing hospital, nursing home, and domiciliary facilities in State homes, for fur-nishing care to veterans as authorized by sections 8131 through 8137 of title 38, United States Code, $80,000,000, to remain available until expended. 
GRANTS FOR CONSTRUCTION OF VETERANS  
CEMETERIES  
For grants to assist States and tribal orga-
nizations in establishing, expanding, or im-proving veterans cemeteries as authorized by section 2408 of title 38, United States Code, $45,000,000, to remain available until ex-pended. 
A
DMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  
SEC. 201. Any appropriation for fiscal year 
2016 for ‘‘Compensation and Pensions’’, ‘‘Re-adjustment Benefits’’, and ‘‘Veterans Insur-ance and Indemnities’’ may be transferred as necessary to any other of the mentioned ap-propriations: Provided , That before a transfer 
may take place, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall request from the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress the authority to make the transfer and such Committees issue an approval, or absent a response, a period of 30 days has elapsed. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  
SEC. 202. Amounts made available for the 
Department of Veterans Affairs for fiscal year 2016, in this or any other Act, under the ‘‘Medical Services’’, ‘‘Medical Support and Compliance’’, and ‘‘Medical Facilities’’ ac-counts may be transferred among the ac-counts: Provided , That any transfers between 
the ‘‘Medical Services’’ and ‘‘Medical Sup-port and Compliance’’ accounts of 1 percent or less of the total amount appropriated to the account in this or any other Act may take place subject to notification from the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to the Com-mittees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress of the amount and purpose of the transfer: Provided further , That any transfers 
between the ‘‘Medical Services’’ and ‘‘Med-ical Support and Compliance’’ accounts in excess of 1 percent, or exceeding the cumu-lative 1 percent for the fiscal year, may take place only after the Secretary requests from the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress the authority to make the transfer and an approval is issued: Pro-
vided further , That any transfers to or from 
the ‘‘Medical Facilities’’ account may take place only after the Secretary requests from the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress the authority to make the transfer and an approval is issued. 
S
EC. 203. Appropriations available in this 
title for salaries and expenses shall be avail-able for services authorized by section 3109 of title 5, United States Code; hire of passenger motor vehicles; lease of a facility or land or both; and uniforms or allowances therefore, as authorized by sections 5901 through 5902 of title 5, United States Code. 
S
EC. 204. No appropriations in this title 
(except the appropriations for ‘‘Construc-tion, Major Projects’’, and ‘‘Construction, Minor Projects’’) shall be available for the purchase of any site for or toward the con-struction of any new hospital or home. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:13 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00094 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29AP7.067 H29APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2597 April 29, 2015 
SEC. 205. No appropriations in this title 
shall be available for hospitalization or ex-amination of any persons (except bene-ficiaries entitled to such hospitalization or examination under the laws providing such 
benefits to veterans, and persons receiving such treatment under sections 7901 through 7904 of title 5, United States Code, or the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emer-gency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5121 et seq.)), unless reimbursement of the cost of such hospitalization or examination is made to the ‘‘Medical Services’’ account at such rates as may be fixed by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs. 
S
EC. 206. Appropriations available in this 
title for ‘‘Compensation and Pensions’’, ‘‘Re-adjustment Benefits’’, and ‘‘Veterans Insur-ance and Indemnities’’ shall be available for payment of prior year accrued obligations required to be recorded by law against the corresponding prior year accounts within the last quarter of fiscal year 2015. 
S
EC. 207. Appropriations available in this 
title shall be available to pay prior year obli-gations of corresponding prior year appro-priations accounts resulting from sections 3328(a), 3334, and 3712(a) of title 31, United States Code, except that if such obligations are from trust fund accounts they shall be payable only from ‘‘Compensation and Pen-sions’’. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  
SEC. 208. Notwithstanding any other provi-
sion of law, during fiscal year 2016, the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs shall, from the National Service Life Insurance Fund under section 1920 of title 38, United States Code, the Veterans’ Special Life Insurance Fund under section 1923 of title 38, United States Code, and the United States Government Life Insurance Fund under section 1955 of title 38, United States Code, reimburse the ‘‘General Operating Expenses, Veterans Ben-efits Administration’’ and ‘‘Information Technology Systems’’ accounts for the cost of administration of the insurance programs financed through those accounts: Provided , 
That reimbursement shall be made only from the surplus earnings accumulated in such an insurance program during fiscal year 2016 that are available for dividends in that pro-gram after claims have been paid and actu-arially determined reserves have been set aside: Provided further , That if the cost of ad-
ministration of such an insurance program exceeds the amount of surplus earnings accu-mulated in that program, reimbursement shall be made only to the extent of such sur-plus earnings: Provided further , That the Sec-
retary shall determine the cost of adminis-tration for fiscal year 2016 which is properly allocable to the provision of each such insur-ance program and to the provision of any total disability income insurance included in that insurance program. 
S
EC. 209. Amounts deducted from en-
hanced-use lease proceeds to reimburse an account for expenses incurred by that ac-count during a prior fiscal year for providing enhanced-use lease services, may be obli-gated during the fiscal year in which the pro-ceeds are received. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  
SEC. 210. Funds available in this title or 
funds for salaries and other administrative expenses shall also be available to reimburse the Office of Resolution Management of the Department of Veterans Affairs and the Of-fice of Employment Discrimination Com-plaint Adjudication under section 319 of title 38, United States Code, for all services pro-vided at rates which will recover actual costs but not to exceed $43,700,000 for the Office of Resolution Management and $3,400,000 for the Office of Employment Discrimination Complaint Adjudication: Provided , That pay-ments may be made in advance for services 
to be furnished based on estimated costs: Provided further , That amounts received shall 
be credited to the ‘‘General Administration’’ and ‘‘Information Technology Systems’’ ac-counts for use by the office that provided the service. 
S
EC. 211. No appropriations in this title 
shall be available to enter into any new lease of real property if the estimated annual rent-al cost is more than $1,000,000, unless the Secretary of Veterans Affairs submits a re-quest to enter into such lease to the Com-mittees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress and (1) the Committees approve the request; or (2) the Committees have not re-jected the request before the date that is 15 days after the date on which the request is received. 
S
EC. 212. No funds of the Department of 
Veterans Affairs shall be available for hos-pital care, nursing home care, or medical services provided to any person under chap-ter 17 of title 38, United States Code, for a non-service-connected disability described in section 1729(a)(2) of such title, unless that person has disclosed to the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs, in such form as the Secretary may require, current, accurate third-party reimbursement information for purposes of section 1729 of such title: Provided , That the 
Secretary may recover, in the same manner as any other debt due the United States, the reasonable charges for such care or services from any person who does not make such dis-closure as required: Provided further , That 
any amounts so recovered for care or serv-ices provided in a prior fiscal year may be obligated by the Secretary during the fiscal year in which amounts are received. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  
SEC. 213. Notwithstanding any other provi-
sion of law, proceeds or revenues derived from enhanced-use leasing activities (includ-ing disposal) may be deposited into the ‘‘Construction, Major Projects’’ and ‘‘Con-struction, Minor Projects’’ accounts and be used for construction (including site acquisi-tion and disposition), alterations, and im-provements of any medical facility under the jurisdiction or for the use of the Department of Veterans Affairs. Such sums as realized are in addition to the amount provided for in ‘‘Construction, Major Projects’’ and ‘‘Con-struction, Minor Projects’’. 
S
EC. 214. Amounts made available under 
‘‘Medical Services’’ are available— 
(1) for furnishing recreational facilities, 
supplies, and equipment; and 
(2) for funeral expenses, burial expenses, 
and other expenses incidental to funerals and burials for beneficiaries receiving care in the Department. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  
SEC. 215. Such sums as may be deposited to 
the Medical Care Collections Fund pursuant to section 1729A of title 38, United States Code, may be transferred to ‘‘Medical Serv-ices’’, to remain available until expended for the purposes of that account. 
S
EC. 216. The Secretary of Veterans Affairs 
may enter into agreements with Indian tribes and tribal organizations which are party to the Alaska Native Health Compact with the Indian Health Service, and Indian tribes and tribal organizations serving rural Alaska which have entered into contracts with the Indian Health Service under the In-dian Self Determination and Educational As-sistance Act, to provide healthcare, includ-ing behavioral health and dental care. The Secretary shall require participating vet-erans and facilities to comply with all appro-priate rules and regulations, as established by the Secretary. The term ‘‘rural Alaska’’ shall mean those lands sited within the ex-ternal boundaries of the Alaska Native re-gions specified in sections 7(a)(1)–(4) and (7)– 
(12) of the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act, as amended (43 U.S.C. 1606), and those lands within the Alaska Native regions spec-ified in sections 7(a)(5) and 7(a)(6) of the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act, as amended (43 U.S.C. 1606), which are not with-in the boundaries of the municipality of An-chorage, the Fairbanks North Star Borough, the Kenai Peninsula Borough or the Matanuska Susitna Borough. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  
SEC. 217. Such sums as may be deposited to 
the Department of Veterans Affairs Capital Asset Fund pursuant to section 8118 of title 38, United States Code, may be transferred to the ‘‘Construction, Major Projects’’ and ‘‘Construction, Minor Projects’’ accounts, to remain available until expended for the pur-poses of these accounts. 
S
EC. 218. None of the funds made available 
in this title may be used to implement any policy prohibiting the Directors of the Vet-erans Integrated Service Networks from con-ducting outreach or marketing to enroll new veterans within their respective Networks. 
S
EC. 219. The Secretary of Veterans Affairs 
shall submit to the Committees on Appro-priations of both Houses of Congress a quar-terly report on the financial status of the Veterans Health Administration. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  
SEC. 220. Amounts made available under 
the ‘‘Medical Services’’, ‘‘Medical Support and Compliance’’, ‘‘Medical Facilities’’, ‘‘General Operating Expenses, Veterans Ben-efits Administration’’, ‘‘General Administra-tion’’, and ‘‘National Cemetery Administra-tion’’ accounts for fiscal year 2016 may be transferred to or from the ‘‘Information Technology Systems’’ account: Provided , 
That such transfers may not result in a more than 10 percent aggregate increase in the total amount made available by this Act for the ‘‘Information Technology Systems’’ ac-count: Provided further , That before a trans-
fer may take place, the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs shall request from the Commit-tees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress the authority to make the transfer and an approval is issued. 
S
EC. 221. Of the amounts made available to 
the Department of Veterans Affairs for fiscal year 2016, in this or any other Act, under the ‘‘Medical Facilities’’ account for non-recurring maintenance, not more than 20 percent of the funds made available shall be obligated during the last 2 months of that fiscal year: Provided , That the Secretary may 
waive this requirement after providing writ-ten notice to the Committees on Appropria-tions of both Houses of Congress. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  
SEC. 222. Of the amounts appropriated to 
the Department of Veterans Affairs for fiscal year 2016 for ‘‘Medical Services’’, ‘‘Medical Support and Compliance’’, ‘‘Medical Facili-ties’’, ‘‘Construction, Minor Projects’’, and ‘‘Information Technology Systems’’, up to $266,303,000, plus reimbursements, may be transferred to the Joint Department of De-fense-Department of Veterans Affairs Med-ical Facility Demonstration Fund, estab-lished by section 1704 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Pub-lic Law 111–84; 123 Stat. 3571) and may be used for operation of the facilities des-ignated as combined Federal medical facili-ties as described by section 706 of the Duncan Hunter National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Public Law 110–417; 122 Stat. 4500): Provided , That additional funds 
may be transferred from accounts designated in this section to the Joint Department of Defense-Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Facility Demonstration Fund upon 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:13 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00095 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29AP7.063 H29APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2598 April 29, 2015 
written notification by the Secretary of Vet-
erans Affairs to the Committees on Appro-priations of both Houses of Congress: Pro-
vided further, That section 223 of Title II of 
Division I of Public Law 113-235 is repealed. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  
SEC. 223. Of the amounts appropriated to 
the Department of Veterans Affairs which become available on October 1, 2016, for ‘‘Medical Services’’, ‘‘Medical Support and Compliance’’, and ‘‘Medical Facilities’’, up to $265,675,000, plus reimbursements, may be transferred to the Joint Department of De-fense-Department of Veterans Affairs Med-ical Facility Demonstration Fund, estab-lished by section 1704 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Pub-lic Law 111–84; 123 Stat. 3571) and may be used for operation of the facilities des-ignated as combined Federal medical facili-ties as described by section 706 of the Duncan Hunter National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Public Law 110–417; 122 Stat. 4500): Provided , That additional funds 
may be transferred from accounts designated in this section to the Joint Department of Defense-Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Facility Demonstration Fund upon written notification by the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs to the Committees on Appro-priations of both Houses of Congress. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  
SEC. 224. Such sums as may be deposited to 
the Medical Care Collections Fund pursuant to section 1729A of title 38, United States Code, for healthcare provided at facilities designated as combined Federal medical fa-cilities as described by section 706 of the Duncan Hunter National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Public Law 110–417; 122 Stat. 4500) shall also be available: (1) for transfer to the Joint Department of Defense-Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Facility Demonstration Fund, es-tablished by section 1704 of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84; 123 Stat. 3571); and (2) for operations of the facilities designated as combined Federal medical facilities as de-scribed by section 706 of the Duncan Hunter National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2009 (Public Law 110–417; 122 Stat. 4500). 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  
SEC. 225. Of the amounts available in this 
title for ‘‘Medical Services’’, ‘‘Medical Sup-port and Compliance’’, and ‘‘Medical Facili-ties’’, a minimum of $15,000,000 shall be transferred to the DOD–VA Health Care Sharing Incentive Fund, as authorized by section 8111(d) of title 38, United States Code, to remain available until expended, for any purpose authorized by section 8111 of title 38, United States Code. 
(INCLUDING RESCISSIONS OF FUNDS)  
SEC. 226. (a) Of the funds appropriated in 
title II of division I of Public Law 113–235, the following amounts which became avail-able on October 1, 2015, are hereby rescinded from the following accounts in the amounts specified: 
(1) ‘‘Department of Veterans Affairs, Med-
ical Services’’, $1,400,000,000. 
(2) ‘‘Department of Veterans Affairs, Med-
ical Support and Compliance’’, $100,000,000. 
(3) ‘‘Department of Veterans Affairs, Med-
ical Facilities’’, $250,000,000. 
(b) In addition to amounts provided else-
where in this Act, an additional amount is appropriated to the following accounts in the amounts specified to remain available until September 30, 2017: 
(1) ‘‘Department of Veterans Affairs, Med-
ical Services’’, $1,400,000,000. 
(2) ‘‘Department of Veterans Affairs, Med-
ical Support and Compliance’’, $100,000,000. (3) ‘‘Department of Veterans Affairs, Med-
ical Facilities’’, $250,000,000. 
S
EC. 227. The Secretary of Veterans Affairs 
shall notify the Committees on Appropria-tions of both Houses of Congress of all bid savings for a major construction project within 15 days of being identified that total at least $5,000,000, or 5 percent of the pro-grammed amount of the project, whichever is less. 
S
EC. 228. None of the funds made available 
for ‘‘Construction, Major Projects’’ may be used for a project in excess of the scope spec-ified for that project in the original jus-tification data provided to the Congress as part of the request for appropriations unless the Secretary of Veterans Affairs receives approval from the Committees on Appropria-tions of both Houses of Congress. 
S
EC. 229. The Secretary of Veterans Affairs 
shall submit to the Committees on Appro-priations of both Houses of Congress a quar-terly report that contains the following in-formation from each Veterans Benefits Ad-ministration Regional Office: (1) the average time to complete a disability compensation claim; (2) the number of claims pending more than 125 days; (3) error rates; (4) the number of claims personnel; (5) any corrective action taken within the quarter to address poor per-formance; (6) training programs undertaken; and (7) the number and results of Quality Re-view Team audits: Provided , That each quar-
terly report shall be submitted no later than 30 days after the end of the respective quar-ter. 
b1700 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . LAMALFA  
Mr. L AMALFA. Mr. Chairman, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 53, line 2, strike ‘‘and’’ after the semi-
colon. 
Page 53, line 3, insert the following before 
the colon: ‘‘; and (8) the number of informal claims that are unprocessed’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 223, the gentleman from California and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from California. 
Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Chair, each quar-
ter the Secretary of Veterans Affairs must submit a report that includes sev-eral metrics from every VA regional of-fice to the House and Senate Appro-priations Committees. The report in-cludes the average time to complete a disability claim, the backlog, error rates, and other important details. 
With this amendment, the Secretary 
of VA must also include the number of informal claims that are unprocessed. This amendment allows Congress to re-ceive a more complete picture of the regional office’s workload. 
We have seen troubling instances in 
Oakland and other VA regional offices of informal claims not being handled properly and even waiting decades for some of those claims to be processed. 
Informal claims should be included in 
this quarterly report from the Sec-retary, and this amendment simply re-quires that that be done; therefore, giv-ing Congress and veterans a better pic-ture of what that load would be and then we can address that appro-priately. So that is the amendment. Mr. DENT. Will the gentleman yield? 
Mr. L
AMALFA. I yield to the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania. 
Mr. DENT. I support the amendment. Mr. L
AMALFA. Again, Mr. Chair, it 
is a very simple amendment, and it will make a clear picture of what the real backlog is of informal claims, which has not gotten enough attention in the work of the VA in recent years. Again, we keep finding that it is an issue of importance and one of great concern as we have discovered what some of the regional offices have to deal with. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from California (Mr. L
AMALFA ). 
The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
read. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
SEC. 230. The Secretary of Veterans Affairs 
shall submit to the Committees on Appro-priations of both Houses of Congress a re-programming request if at any point during fiscal year 2016 the funding allocated for a medical care program that is not estimated through the Enrollee Health Care Projection Model is adjusted by more than $25,000,000 from the allocation shown in the cor-responding congressional budget justifica-tion. Amounts may only be reprogrammed as requested under this section if (1) the Com-mittees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress approve the request; or (2) the Com-mittees have not rejected the request before the date that is 15 days after the date on which the request is received. 
S
EC. 231. Of the funds provided to the De-
partment of Veterans Affairs for fiscal year 2016 for ‘‘Medical Services’’ and ‘‘Medical Support and Compliance’’, a maximum of $5,000,000 may be obligated from the ‘‘Med-ical Services’’ account and a maximum of $154,596,000 may be obligated from the ‘‘Med-ical Support and Compliance’’ account for the VistA Evolution and electronic health record interoperability projects: Provided , 
That funds in addition to these amounts may be obligated for the VistA Evolution and electronic health record interoperability projects upon written notification by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to the Com-mittees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress. 
S
EC. 232. The Secretary of Veterans Affairs 
shall provide written notification to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress 15 days prior to organiza-tional changes which result in the transfer of 25 or more full-time equivalents from one or-ganizational unit of the Department of Vet-erans Affairs to another. 
(RESCISSION OF FUNDS)  
SEC. 233. (a) There is hereby rescinded an 
aggregate amount of $101,000,000 from the total budget authority provided for fiscal year 2016 for discretionary accounts of the Department of Veterans Affairs in— 
(1) this Act; or (2) any advance appropriation for fiscal 
year 2016 in prior appropriation Acts. 
(b) The Secretary shall submit to the Com-
mittees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress a report specifying the account and amount of each rescission not later than 20 days following enactment of this Act. 
S
EC. 234. The Secretary of Veterans Affairs 
shall provide on a quarterly basis to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress notification of any single national outreach and awareness marketing campaign in which obligations exceed $2,000,000. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:13 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00096 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29AP7.063 H29APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2599 April 29, 2015 
SEC. 235. None of the funds available to the 
Department of Veterans Affairs, in this or any other Act, may be used to replace the current system by which the Veterans Inte-grated Service Networks select and contract for diabetes monitoring supplies and equip-ment. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  
SEC. 236. The Secretary of Veterans Affairs, 
upon determination that such action is nec-essary to address needs of the Veterans Health Administration, may transfer to the ‘‘Medical Services’’ account any discre-tionary appropriations made available for fiscal year 2016 in this title (except appro-priations made to the ‘‘General Operating Expenses, Veterans Benefits Administra-tion’’ account) or any discretionary unobli-gated balances within the Department of Veterans Affairs, including those appro-priated for fiscal year 2016, that were pro-vided in advance by appropriations Acts: Pro-
vided , That transfers shall be made only with 
the approval of the Office of Management and Budget: Provided further , That the trans-
fer authority provided in this section is in addition to any other transfer authority pro-vided by law: Provided further , That no 
amounts may be transferred from amounts that were designated by Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to a con-current resolution on the budget or the Bal-anced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985: Provided further , That such au-
thority to transfer may not be used unless for higher priority items, based on emergent healthcare requirements, than those for which originally appropriated and in no case where the item for which funds are requested has been denied by Congress: Provided fur-
ther, That, upon determination that all or 
part of the funds transferred from an appro-priation are not necessary, such amounts 
may be transferred back to that appropria-tion and shall be available for the same pur-poses as originally appropriated: Provided 
further , That before a transfer may take 
place, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall request from the Committees on Appropria-tions of both Houses of Congress the author-ity to make the transfer and receive ap-proval of that request. 
Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Chair, I 
move to strike the last word. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman is 
recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. I yield to the 
gentleman from California (Mr. L
OWENTHAL ). 
Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Chair, I thank 
the ranking member and also the chairman for providing me this time to speak on the floor. 
I am going to go back. My congres-
sional district is home to the Long Beach Veterans Affairs hospital; the American Gold Star Manor, which is a manor that provides affordable housing for mothers who have lost their sons to war and for veterans; and my district is also the home of Los Alamitos Joint Forces Training Base. 
Providing outstanding service to our 
veterans has been a top priority throughout my career. That is why I am cosponsoring this amendment to address the disability claims and ap-peals backlogs and hopefully provide funding for more full-time employees to address these issues. 
I want to share with you just quickly 
my concerns. 
There are long delays in Aid and At-
tendance claims, particularly with re-gard to elderly, frail veterans with rap-
idly declining health issues. And ap-proval is slow and sometimes comes, actually, too late, allowing the vet-erans to suffer for no reason. 
This year, I had a 100 percent service- 
connected Purple Heart veteran with Parkinson’s disease who filed for Aid and Attendance in July 2013. At that time, he needed caretaking assistance at his home but was initially denied. 
In March of 2014, I received a call 
from his son who informed me that his father had fallen and broken his shoul-der. During this time, my constituent had to produce multiple pieces of paper and doctor’s confirmation of disability, even though he is an amputee. His son called my office and informed my case-worker in the district that he needed immediate assistance for his father. My caseworker called my staffer in D.C., who ran to the VA Congressional Liaison’s office here at the Capitol to see what could be done during this emergency. I spoke to the VA about the situation, and my constituent re-ceived immediate assistance because I called. My constituent was finally awarded Aid and Attendance in May of 2014. 
Mr. Chair, our veterans should not 
have to wait for medical care and suf-fer while they are waiting for months and years. Our veterans deserve better service than we are giving them. It is unnecessary for these types of emer-gencies to occur. 
Last year, I encouraged the Depart-
ment to use its funding to hire addi-tional staff and stated that I do not be-lieve that providing overtime pay for workers who are already stretched thin was enough. I am pleased to see there is funding to hire more full-time em-ployees, but we still need more workers in order for the VA to respond faster. I am still concerned that the Veterans Benefits Administration is not request-ing adequate resources to expeditiously handle the current backlog or new claims, which are expected to increase. 
The VA is still contracting out 
claims to other regional offices rather than the home office. It is making progress. However, claims are still tak-ing as long as 2 years for resolution. The VA is encouraging veterans to use electronic benefits, eBenefits, though many Vietnam-era veterans need as-sistance with this technology. 
Mr. Chair, in closing, when we ask 
America’s veterans to serve their coun-try and sacrifice their lives on our be-half, our Nation needs to make a prom-ise to take care of them throughout their lives. Ensuring that our veterans receive the best care after their years of service to our Nation is a moral re-sponsibility which must happen. I pledge my continued support to work with Secretary McDonald and the De-partment of Veterans Affairs, my col-
leagues, stakeholder groups, and my constituents to address these issues. 
Mr. Chair, I ask that you support this 
amendment. 
Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. I yield back 
the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
read. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  
SEC. 237. Amounts made available for the 
Department of Veterans Affairs for fiscal year 2016, under the ‘‘Board of Veterans Ap-peals’’ and the ‘‘General Operating Expenses, Veterans Benefits Administration’’ accounts may be transferred between such accounts: Provided , That before a transfer may take 
place, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall request from the Committees on Appropria-tions of both Houses of Congress the author-ity to make the transfer and receive ap-proval from such Committees for such re-quest. 
(RESCISSION OF FUNDS)  
SEC. 238. Of the unobligated balances avail-
able within the ‘‘DOD–VA Health Care Shar-ing Incentive Fund’’, $15,000,000 are hereby rescinded. 
S
EC. 239. The Secretary of Veterans Affairs 
may not reprogram funds among major con-struction projects or programs if such in-stance of reprogramming will exceed $5,000,000, unless such reprogramming is ap-proved by the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress. 
(RESCISSIONS OF FUNDS)  
SEC. 240. Of the discretionary funds made 
available in Public Law 113-235 for the De-partment of Veterans Affairs for fiscal year 2016, $197,923,000 are rescinded from ‘‘Medical Services’’, $42,272,000 are rescinded from ‘‘Medical Support and Compliance’’, and 
$15,353,000 are rescinded from ‘‘Medical Fa-cilities’’. 
S
EC. 241. The amounts otherwise made 
available by this Act for the following ac-counts of the Department of Veterans Affairs are hereby reduced by the following amounts: 
(1) ‘‘Veterans Benefits Administration— 
Veterans Housing Benefit Program Fund’’, $3,098,000. 
(2) ‘‘Veterans Benefits Administration— 
Vocational Rehabilitation Loans Program Account’’, $10,000. 
(3) ‘‘Veterans Benefits Administration— 
Native American Veteran Housing Loan Pro-gram Account’’, $25,000. 
(4) ‘‘Veterans Health Administration— 
Medical and Prosthetic Research’’, $3,109,000. 
(5) ‘‘National Cemetery Administration’’, 
$1,654,000. 
(6) ‘‘Departmental Administration—Gen-
eral Administration’’, $3,877,000. 
(7) ‘‘Departmental Administration—Board 
of Veterans Appeals’’, $786,000. 
(8) ‘‘Departmental Administration—Gen-
eral Operating Expenses, Veterans Benefits Administration’’, $36,568,000. 
(9) ‘‘Departmental Administration—Infor-
mation Technology Systems’’, $7,958,000. 
(10) ‘‘Departmental Administration—Office 
of Inspector General’’, $993,000. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . BENISHEK  
Mr. BENISHEK. Mr. Chairman, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The CHAIR. The Clerk will report the 
amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 58, after line 25, insert the following: 
SEC. 242. Not later than 90 days after the 
date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall submit to Congress a report that describes the status, including the timeline for completion, of each Commu-nity-Based Outpatient Clinic to be estab-lished by the Department of Veterans Af-fairs, through construction or lease, that is not yet completed. 
Mr. DENT. Mr. Chair, I reserve a 
point of order on the gentleman’s amendment. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:13 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00097 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29AP7.069 H29APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2600 April 29, 2015 
The Acting CHAIR. A point of order 
is reserved. 
Pursuant to House Resolution 223, 
the gentleman from Michigan and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Michigan. 
Mr. BENISHEK. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
in support of my amendment to have the Secretary of the VA report to Con-gress on the status of VA clinics cur-rently in the leasing or construction process. 
Our rural veterans deserve access to 
quality care without having to drive hundreds of miles. In many areas, like in northern Michigan, VA clinics can serve an important role in providing care to veterans in their communities. However, no one is served when the VA takes many years to approve and com-plete these projects. 
In Traverse City, Michigan, an ex-
pansion for the VA clinic was approved and funded by Congress in 2013. After I sent letters to the Secretary asking for an explanation, the program was fi-nally approved by the VA in August of 2014. To this day, the VA has yet to make measurable progress on this fa-cility, and they have told me that it could be as many as 6 more years be-fore this facility is completed. 
Our veterans deserve to know how 
many facilities are facing similar delays. As we work to enforce some ac-countability at the VA, we can’t ignore our rural veterans that rely on VA clinics. The VA must be held account-able for these delays, and I want to know who in the agency is responsible. 
My goal is for all veterans to have a 
choice in where they receive care. We have taken an important step towards that with the Choice Act, and I look forward to continuing to work to ex-pand that program. However, it is crit-ical that we do not allow the VA to hold veterans and taxpayers in limbo as critical, funded projects sit unfin-ished. 
The money we provided in this bill is 
not for plush executive salaries and full retirement benefits for those that ma-nipulate data. It is for our veterans. The VA must return to its focus, to its central mission and remove bureau-cratic hurdles that keep veterans from the care they have earned. 
I yield back the balance of my time. 
POINT OF ORDER  
Mr. DENT. Mr. Chairman, I make a 
point of order against the amendment because it proposes to change existing law and constitutes legislation in an appropriation bill and, therefore, vio-lates clause 2 of rule XXI. 
The rule states in pertinent part: 
‘‘An amendment to a general appro-
priation bill shall not be in order if changing existing law.’’ 
The amendment gives affirmative di-
rection in effect. 
I ask for a ruling from the Chair. The Acting CHAIR. Does any other 
Member wish to be heard on the point of order? If not, the Chair is prepared to rule. 
The Chair finds that this amendment 
imposes new duties on the Secretary of Veterans Affairs. 
The amendment, therefore, con-
stitutes legislation in violation of clause 2 of rule XXI. 
The point of order is sustained, and 
the amendment is not in order. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
read. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
TITLE III 
RELATED AGENCIES 
AMERICAN BATTLE MONUMENTS COMMISSION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  
For necessary expenses, not otherwise pro-
vided for, of the American Battle Monu-ments Commission, including the acquisition of land or interest in land in foreign coun-tries; purchases and repair of uniforms for caretakers of national cemeteries and monu-ments outside of the United States and its territories and possessions; rent of office and garage space in foreign countries; purchase (one-for-one replacement basis only) and hire of passenger motor vehicles; not to exceed $7,500 for official reception and representa-tion expenses; and insurance of official motor vehicles in foreign countries, when re-quired by law of such countries, $75,100,000, to remain available until expended. 
FOREIGN CURRENCY FLUCTUATIONS ACCOUNT  
For necessary expenses, not otherwise pro-
vided for, of the American Battle Monu-ments Commission, such sums as may be necessary, to remain available until ex-pended, for purposes authorized by section 2109 of title 36, United States Code. 
U
NITED STATES COURT OF APPEALS FOR  
VETERANS CLAIMS  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  
For necessary expenses for the operation of 
the United States Court of Appeals for Vet-erans Claims as authorized by sections 7251 through 7299 of title 38, United States Code, $32,141,000: Provided , That $2,500,000 shall be 
available for the purpose of providing finan-cial assistance as described, and in accord-ance with the process and reporting proce-dures set forth, under this heading in Public Law 102–229. 
D
EPARTMENT OF DEFENSE —CIVIL 
CEMETERIAL EXPENSES , ARMY 
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  
For necessary expenses for maintenance, 
operation, and improvement of Arlington National Cemetery and Soldiers’ and Air-men’s Home National Cemetery, including the purchase or lease of passenger motor ve-hicles for replacement on a one-for-one basis only, and not to exceed $1,000 for official re-ception and representation expenses, $70,800,000, of which not to exceed $5,000,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2017. In addition, such sums as may be nec-essary for parking maintenance, repairs and replacement, to be derived from the ‘‘Lease of Department of Defense Real Property for Defense Agencies’’ account. 
A
RMED FORCES RETIREMENT HOME 
TRUST FUND  
For expenses necessary for the Armed 
Forces Retirement Home to operate and maintain the Armed Forces Retirement Home—Washington, District of Columbia, and the Armed Forces Retirement Home— Gulfport, Mississippi, to be paid from funds available in the Armed Forces Retirement Home Trust Fund, $64,300,000, of which $1,000,000 shall remain available until ex-pended for construction and renovation of the physical plants at the Armed Forces Re-
tirement Home—Washington, District of Co-lumbia, and the Armed Forces Retirement Home—Gulfport, Mississippi. 
A
DMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS  
SEC. 301. Funds appropriated in this Act 
under the heading ‘‘Department of Defense— Civil, Cemeterial Expenses, Army’’, may be provided to Arlington County, Virginia, for the relocation of the federally owned water main at Arlington National Cemetery, mak-ing additional land available for ground bur-ials. 
S
EC. 302. Amounts deposited during the 
current fiscal year into the special account established under 10 U.S.C. 4727 are appro-priated and shall be available until expended to support activities at the Army National Military Cemeteries. 
TITLE IV 
OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS 
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE 
M
ILITARY CONSTRUCTION , NAVY AND MARINE  
CORPS  
For an additional amount for ‘‘Military 
Construction, Navy and Marine Corps’’, $244,004,000 to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2020, for projects outside of the United States: Provided , That such amount is 
designated by the Congress for Overseas Con-tingency Operations/Global War on Ter-rorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
b1715 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . MULVANEY  
Mr. MULVANEY. Mr. Chairman, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Strike title IV. 
Mr. DENT. Mr. Chair, I reserve a 
point of order on the gentleman’s amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A point of order 
is reserved. 
Pursuant to House Resolution 223, 
the gentleman from South Carolina and a Member opposed each will con-trol 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from South Carolina. 
Mr. MULVANEY. Mr. Chairman, I 
want to read something at the begin-ning of this: 
‘‘Abuse of the overseas contingency 
operation global war on terror cap ad-justment is a backdoor loophole that undermines the integrity of the budget process.’’ 
It goes on to say that the Budget 
Committee will oppose increases above the levels the administration and our military commanders say are needed to carry out operations unless it can be clearly demonstrated that such amounts are war related. 
That is from last year’s House-passed 
budget report. Last year, this body took a position that we were not going to use the OCO budget, the global war on terror budget, in order to get around the BCA caps. 
The appropriations bill, as currently 
offered, does exactly that. It spends about $532 million in the OCO budget for matters that the Department of De-fense admits are not war related. These 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:13 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00098 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29AP7.075 H29APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2601 April 29, 2015 
are matters that the Department of 
Defense included in its original base defense budget request, but for which there wasn’t enough money under the BCA caps. 
So what the appropriators have done 
is taken those requests which are ad-mittedly not war related and buried it in this appropriations bill, using the OCO money in order to violate the caps. 
By the way, the money goes to over-
seas bases, bases in Italy, Poland, Bah-rain, Niger, Djibouti, and Oman, admit-ted by the Defense Department not to be war related, yet is in the war budget today. 
All I ask, Mr. Chairman, is this: If we 
agree as a body that we cannot live within the BCA caps and we agree that the defense of the Nation takes more money than is permitted under the BCA caps, then let’s break the caps. But let’s do it honestly, let’s do it openly, and let’s tell the people here why we have to do it and where the money is going. 
The OCO budget has been described 
by members of both the Democrat Party and the Republican Party alike as a slush fund, as a bad way to do business. The Defense Department doesn’t even like using this type of money because it does not allow them to budget properly. It is a desperate act, and it is a dishonest act when it comes to following the law. 
The Budget Control Act is the law of 
the land. It passed in the House, it passed in the Senate, and it was signed by the President. And this appropria-tions bill seeks to break the law and seeks to do it in such a way that isn’t even honest about how it is going for-ward. 
So with that, Mr. Chairman, I re-
spectfully request that folks would support the Mulvaney-Van Hollen amendment and strike the OCO-GWOT money from this particular appropria-tions bill. 
With that, Mr. Chairman, I reserve 
the balance of my time. 
POINT OF ORDER  
Mr. DENT. Mr. Chairman, I make a 
point of order against the amendment because it proposes to amend portions of the bill not yet read. 
Section 17 of chapter 2 of the House 
Practice book states in part: 
‘‘It is not in order to strike or other-
wise amend portions of a bill not yet read for amendment.’’ 
I ask for a ruling from the Chair. The Acting CHAIR. Does any other 
Member wish to be heard on the point of order? 
Mr. MULVANEY. Mr. Chairman, my 
understanding is that this amendment seeks to strike title IV on page 62, which is exactly where we are when I was called to the podium. 
The Acting CHAIR. Does any other 
Member wish to be heard? 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Chair, I wish 
to be heard. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Maryland is recognized. Mr. VAN HOLLEN. My under-
standing of this is it strikes the provi-sion and, therefore, meets the require-ments. After all, this is the first bill we are debating since the budget was passed. The budget opens the door wide to this accounting scam that Repub-licans on the Budget Committee just last year said was a gross runaround of the budget rules. 
I want to read, Mr. Chairman, from 
the report from the Budget Committee last year that said that abuse of the OCO cap adjustment is a backdoor loophole that undermines the integrity of the budget process. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
must confine his remarks to the point of order. 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Well, Mr. Chair-
man, I want to point out that the Budget Committee itself has indicated that this violates the budget process. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Maryland must confine his re-marks to the point of order. 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. So it is hard to 
understand how this could be a viola-tion of the point of order if the Budget Committee says that what we are doing violates the budget process or undermines the budget process. 
The Acting CHAIR. Does any other 
Member wish to be heard on the point of order? 
PARLIAMENTARY INQUIRY  
Mr. MULVANEY. Mr. Chairman, I 
have a parliamentary inquiry as to the point of order. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
may state his parliamentary inquiry. 
Mr. MULVANEY. Is the point of 
order that we have not yet reached the appropriate time for making this par-ticular amendment? 
The Acting CHAIR. The point of 
order has been stated. The Chair has not yet ruled. 
Mr. MULVANEY. Would the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania restate the point? 
Mr. DENT. The point of order is that 
we are not at the appropriate point in the bill for this amendment to be con-sidered. 
Mr. MULVANEY. Mr. Chairman, my 
understanding is that we are on page 62. That is the page I think on which title IV is printed. My amendment does nothing more than strikes all of title IV. So it seems like this is wholly the appropriate time to deal with that par-ticular amendment and, in fact, may be out of order if I don’t offer it right now. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Chair is pre-
pared to rule. 
The amendment strikes title IV. 
Only the first paragraph of title IV is pending. 
It is not in order to amend portions 
of the bill not yet read for amendment. 
The point of order is sustained. 
PARLIAMENTARY INQUIRIES  
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Chairman, 
parliamentary inquiry, just so I under-stand the ruling. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Maryland may state his par-liamentary inquiry. Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Chairman, as 
I understood the ruling, because the amendment strikes all of this section, as opposed to the portion of the section we are currently on, it is being ruled out of order. Is that correct? 
The Acting CHAIR. Only one para-
graph is currently pending, and the amendment sought to strike the entire title. 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Parliamentary 
inquiry: Is there going to be a point in time when that entire section is pend-ing? 
The Acting CHAIR. Only the first 
paragraph of title IV is pending. 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Chairman, I 
understand that the meaning of ‘‘is’’ is ‘‘is.’’ I understand that we are on the first paragraph. 
Parliamentary inquiry: Is there 
going to be a point in time when the entire section is pending, such that this amendment would then be consid-ered in order since the amendment is to strike the entire section? 
The Acting CHAIR. The bill is being 
read paragraph by paragraph. 
Mr. MULVANEY. Parliamentary in-
quiry, Mr. Chairman. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
may state his parliamentary inquiry. 
Mr. MULVANEY. Is the ruling with-
out prejudice as to my ability to offer the amendment at a later time? 
The Acting CHAIR. The paragraph 
that has been read is open for amend-ment at this time. 
Mr. MULVANEY. I respect that, Mr. 
Chairman. I don’t believe that responds to my parliamentary inquiry. 
Is the Chair’s ruling with or without 
prejudice as to my ability to bring the same amendment at a later time? 
The Acting CHAIR. The Chair cannot 
give an advisory opinion on a future amendment. 
Mr. MULVANEY. I respect that, Mr. 
Chairman. I am not asking the Chair for an advisory opinion. I am asking the Chair to clarify the ruling the Chair has already made. Is it with or without prejudice? 
The Acting CHAIR. The Chair has 
ruled and is ready for other business. 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Chairman, I 
move to strike the pending paragraph. 
The Acting CHAIR. Does the gen-
tleman seek to offer an amendment? 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. I ask unanimous 
consent to offer an amendment at this point in time to strike the pending paragraph. 
Mr. DENT. I object. The Acting CHAIR. If the gentleman 
would send his amendment to the desk. 
PARLIAMENTARY INQUIRY  
Mr. MULVANEY. Parliamentary in-
quiry, Mr. Chairman. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
may state his parliamentary inquiry. 
Mr. MULVANEY. Again, I am new at 
this. I understand that we are sort of working our way through this. 
Here is my question: If this was the 
inappropriate time for me to bring this amendment, why was I summoned to the podium? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:13 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00099 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29AP7.125 H29APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2602 April 29, 2015 
The Acting CHAIR. The Chair was in-
quiring as to the purpose the gen-tleman was seeking recognition. 
Mr. MULVANEY. Further parliamen-
tary inquiry, Mr. Chairman. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
may state his parliamentary inquiry. 
Mr. MULVANEY. My amendment 
was read. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . VAN HOLLEN  
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Chairman, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Strike the pending paragraph. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 223, the gentleman from Maryland and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Maryland. 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Chairman, I 
am pleased to offer this amendment with my colleague, Mr. M
ULVANEY . And 
now that we have gotten beyond the sort of procedural objections, let’s go to the substance of this. 
This is the first appropriations bill 
that we have on the floor that raises the question about the budgets that were passed in both the House and the Senate. As I think our colleagues know well by this point, both those budgets engage in an incredible accounting scam with respect to how we fund the Department of Defense and how we fund our military operations. 
For years, we have distinguished be-
tween the moneys that we spend on our ongoing defense programs, called the base budget, and the moneys set aside in the war account, the so-called over-seas contingency account funds. 
What has happened here is that the 
President, on the advice of the Joint Chiefs of Staff and our military leader-ship, has requested the amount that is necessary to address our overseas con-tingency operations. But instead of abiding by that request and what was necessary, the Republican budget does this end-run and ends up using our overseas contingency account as a slush fund for funds that have been in the base defense budget. 
As I was indicating earlier, Mr. 
Chairman, this accounting scam, the sleight of hand, was something that the Republican Budget Committee just last year strongly objected to and indi-cated that it violated the budget proc-ess. 
I am going to read another portion of 
the Republican Budget Committee re-port from last year on this issue where it says the Budget Committee will ex-ercise its oversight responsibilities with respect to the use of the OCO, the overseas contingency account, designa-tion in the budget process, and it will oppose increases above the level the administration and our military com-manders say are necessary to carry out operations. And then it goes on, be-cause those are not war related. 
So what this House is doing now is 
engaging in this incredible sleight of hand, and it is only one big problem in 
the budget before us, along with many other problems. 
But on this point, I would like to now 
yield to the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. M
ULVANEY ) if he would 
like to say a word on this amendment. 
Mr. MULVANEY. I thank the gen-
tleman. 
Mr. Chair, I will repeat what I said 
earlier on the amendment that was ruled out of order. The BCA is the law. We agreed that it is. I didn’t vote for it. By the way, I didn’t like it very much and was one of the few of my party who did not vote for it. But it is the law passed in the House, passed by the Senate, and signed by the Presi-dent. 
We can change it. We absolutely can 
change it if we want to. And if that is the will of this body, then let’s do it. But let’s do it by changing the Budget Control Act. Let’s not go around the BCA. Let’s not use a back door. Let’s not use a slush fund, something that is off-budget. 
I hope my friends in the private sec-
tor understand the severity of it at this point. We have spending here that is off-budget that doesn’t count towards the budget. And if we can use it for this, what else can we use it for? We are using it now for bases in Poland, Bahrain, Niger, Djibouti, and Oman, specifically not war related; yet it is in the war budget. 
If we can use it for this, what is to 
stop us from using it for anything? If the law is going to have any meaning, let’s respect it. And if we want to change it, let’s change it. But let’s be forthright about it. 
Bring a bill to the floor to change the 
Budget Control Act and make the argu-ments for why we should do that. Let’s not be disingenuous. Let’s not be de-ceptive. Let’s not be mischievous with the budget. 
If we really think it is necessary for 
the defense of this Nation to spend $532 million on base improvements in these overseas countries, then have folks come to the floor and tell us why. Let’s not slip a line into the MILCON-VA budget and just say, Well, everybody always votes for VA anyway. Who can vote against the vets? Who can vote against MILCON? Let’s put it in there. Nobody will notice it. 
That is how we get $18 trillion in 
debt. 
Mr. Chairman, I support the amend-
ment. In fact, I ask unanimous consent to be added as a cosponsor of Mr. V
AN 
HOLLEN ’s amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The amendment 
may not have cosponsors. 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Chairman, I 
ask unanimous consent, since the original amendment was offered by Mr. M
ULVANEY , to make this the Mulvaney 
amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The amendment 
may not have a cosponsor. 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. I am asking 
unanimous consent to make the main sponsor Mr. M
ULVANEY . The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman’s 
request cannot be entertained. 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Chairman, I 
am asking unanimous consent. 
The Acting CHAIR. Is the gentleman 
seeking to withdraw the amendment? 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. I am willing to 
withdraw the amendment but only on the understanding—parliamentary in-quiry—if I withdraw it and substitute the same amendment in the name of Mr. M
ULVANEY , can I do that? 
The Acting CHAIR. Any Member may 
offer an amendment. 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Speaker, let’s 
just keep it. This will be known as the 
Van Hollen-Mulvaney amendment. 
I thank the Chair. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman’s 
time has expired. 
b1730 
Mr. DENT. Mr. Chairman, I rise in 
opposition to the Van Hollen-Mulvaney amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. DENT. Mr. Chairman, I just want 
to say that there has been precedent to use OCO money on similar projects for similar purposes in previous years. Specifically, the Bahrain portion that is going to the U.S. Navy, there is a pier replacement, ship maintenance support facility. We used OCO funds in fiscal years ’11, ’12, and ’13 for similar purposes then. 
I should also note, too, that if we 
were to strike the OCO funding from this bill, the missile defense in Poland, the Aegis missile defense complex, would also be affected. Again, we had used OCO money for similar purposes in fiscal year ’15. 
I would argue that there is precedent 
for using OCO funds for the purposes contained in this bill. It is appropriate. I do not agree with the characteriza-tion that it is a scam, but it is used as precedent. 
I would urge rejection of this amend-
ment, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Maryland (Mr. V
ANHOL-
LEN). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Chairman, I 
demand a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Maryland will be postponed. 
Mr. MULVANEY. I have an amend-
ment at the desk to strike the second paragraph of title IV. 
The Acting CHAIR. The reading will 
first progress to that next paragraph. 
The Clerk will read the next para-
graph. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
MILITARY CONSTRUCTION , AIRFORCE  
For an additional amount for ‘‘Military 
Construction, Air Force’’ $75,000,000 to re-main available until September 30, 2020, for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:13 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00100 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29AP7.126 H29APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2603 April 29, 2015 
projects outside of the United States: Pro-
vided, That such amount is designated by the 
Congress for Overseas Contingency Oper-ations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 215(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budg-et and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . MULVANEY  
Mr. MULVANEY. Mr. Chairman, I 
have an amendment at the desk. I am moving to strike the second paragraph of title IV. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Strike pg. 62, line 15–22. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 223, the gentleman from South Carolina and a Member op-posed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from South Carolina. 
Mr. MULVANEY. Mr. Chairman, un-
less Mr. V
ANHOLLEN has anything to 
add, I believe the same arguments that we just made on his previous amend-ment stand for this one, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. Does any Member 
seek time in opposition? 
Mr. DENT. Mr. Chairman, I rise in 
opposition to the amendment, and I re-serve the balance of my time. 
Mr. MULVANEY. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. V
ANHOLLEN ). 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Chairman, I 
would just observe, in response to the distinguished gentleman from Pennsyl-vania on the Appropriations Com-mittee, that our military leadership has said that the funds that are re-quested for this purpose under OCO are not OCO funds, that they are not war- related funds. That is coming from the Department of Defense. That is coming from the folks who put together the budgets for the Department of Defense. 
So to just claim that somehow these 
expenditures, which have been de-scribed by Mr. M
ULVANEY , are now 
somehow part of the war effort as op-posed to the ongoing defense budget is to say to the military leadership that they don’t understand how their budg-ets work. I think they do understand how their budgets work. We are trying to make sure that we protect the integ-rity of the process so that people can’t be using the war account as a slush fund, which is exactly what this meas-ure does. 
Mr. MULVANEY. Mr. Chair, I reserve 
the balance of my time. 
Mr. DENT. Mr. Chairman, I oppose 
this amendment. This amendment es-sentially would strike the OCO funds that would be provided to the Air Force, specifically in Oman for the air-lift apron. I want to point out that the President of the United States re-quested funding for this same project under OCO in fiscal year 2011 for the airlift ramp. I am looking at the map actually of the work. It is on the same site. 
What I am saying is OCO has been 
used for this at the request of the President in fiscal year ’11. We are 
talking about using it on the same site for the same purpose. So, again, I would argue that the airlift apron in Oman is part of a facility that is very much part of our counterterrorism op-erations in that part of the world. 
So again, I would urge rejection of 
this amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MULVANEY. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. DENT. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from South Carolina (Mr. M
ULVANEY ). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. MULVANEY. Mr. Chairman, I de-
mand a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from South Carolina will be postponed. 
The Clerk will read. The Clerk read as follows: 
MILITARY CONSTRUCTION , DEFENSE -WIDE 
For an additional amount for ‘‘Military 
Construction, Defense-Wide’’, $212,996,000 to remain available until September 30, 2020, for projects outside of the United States: Pro-
vided , That such amount is designated by the 
Congress for Overseas Contingency Oper-ations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budg-et and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . MULVANEY  
Mr. MULVANEY. Mr. Chairman, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Strike p. 62 line 23 thru page 63 line 6. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 223, the gentleman from South Carolina and a Member op-posed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from South Carolina. 
Mr. MULVANEY. Mr. Chairman, I re-
serve the balance of my time. 
Mr. DENT. Mr. Chairman, I rise in 
opposition to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. DENT. Mr. Chairman, as I under-
stand this amendment, this would es-sentially eliminate OCO funding for our operation in Djibouti where we have infrastructure for fuel storage and distribution facilities. 
Again, OCO funds were used for simi-
lar purposes in Djibouti in fiscal years ’12 and ’13 through OCO, I believe at the request of the President at the time. Again, Djibouti is a key facility for us strategically and one that is being used in our fight in the global war on terror. It is obviously very close to Somalia, a hotbed of Islamist extre-mism, as well as close to Yemen, where there is so much hostile action. So, again, I would urge we reject this 
amendment because it will negatively impact our ability to conduct the glob-al war on terror at a facility right in that part of the world. And again, where precedent has been set, like in these other situations, precedent has been set for using OCO funds. We are doing it again this year, and I think it is appropriate. 
I urge rejection of the amendment, 
and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. MULVANEY. Mr. Chairman, I 
would like to read a portion of the lan-guage we are seeking to strike. It says: ‘‘For an additional amount for ‘Mili-tary Construction Defense-Wide’, $212,996,000 to remain available until September 30, 2020.’’ 
So not only are we looking to spend 
the money today, we are looking to have the right to spend this money whenever we want over the next 5 years. I don’t know of any other part of the budget where we do that. 
If this is not a slush fund, Mr. Chair-
man, I don’t know what it is. It was set up by a previous administration—an administration, by the way, of my party—and has been decried by Mem-bers of my party as being a slush fund. In fact, I think J
OHNMCCAINcalled it 
a slush fund, for goodness’ sake. I be-lieve Senator C
ORKER called it the 
same thing. This is one of the reasons. We have no idea why we are spending this money. It is available until 2020. 
This is a great opportunity, Mr. 
Chairman, to say no. The money in the overseas contingency operation is there to support the troops who are overseas fighting a war. It is there to fight the global war on terror. It is not there for a slush fund for whatever bases we happen to think are conven-ient at the time and for which we can’t find enough money under the base budget for that. 
I hope we support not only Mr. V
AN 
HOLLEN ’s first amendment, but my two 
subsequent amendments. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. DENT. Mr. Chairman, I would 
just like to respond to my friend from South Carolina. I do understand how construction is done. 
I do want to point out that many of 
these projects are not all funded in one single fiscal year, but over a period of years, both domestically and inter-nationally, as is the case here. 
So, again, I would rise in opposition 
to the amendment and urge its rejec-tion. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from South Carolina (Mr. M
ULVANEY ). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. MULVANEY. Mr. Chairman, I de-
mand a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from South Carolina will be postponed. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:13 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00101 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29AP7.074 H29APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2604 April 29, 2015 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
read. 
The Clerk read the following: 
TITLE V 
GENERAL PROVISIONS 
SEC. 501. No part of any appropriation con-
tained in this Act shall remain available for obligation beyond the current fiscal year un-less expressly so provided herein. 
S
EC. 502. None of the funds made available 
in this Act may be used for any program, project, or activity, when it is made known to the Federal entity or official to which the funds are made available that the program, project, or activity is not in compliance with any Federal law relating to risk assessment, the protection of private property rights, or unfunded mandates. 
S
EC. 503. All departments and agencies 
funded under this Act are encouraged, within the limits of the existing statutory authori-ties and funding, to expand their use of ‘‘E- Commerce’’ technologies and procedures in the conduct of their business practices and public service activities. 
S
EC. 504. Unless stated otherwise, all re-
ports and notifications required by this Act shall be submitted to the Subcommittee on Military Construction and Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies of the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representa-tives and the Subcommittee on Military Construction and Veterans Affairs, and Re-lated Agencies of the Committee on Appro-priations of the Senate. 
S
EC. 505. None of the funds made available 
in this Act may be transferred to any depart-ment, agency, or instrumentality of the United States Government except pursuant to a transfer made by, or transfer authority provided in, this or any other appropriations Act. 
S
EC. 506. None of the funds made available 
in this Act may be used for a project or pro-gram named for an individual serving as a Member, Delegate, or Resident Commis-sioner of the United States House of Rep-resentatives. 
S
EC. 507. (a) Any agency receiving funds 
made available in this Act, shall, subject to subsections (b) and (c), post on the public Web site of that agency any report required to be submitted by the Congress in this or any other Act, upon the determination by the head of the agency that it shall serve the national interest. 
(b) Subsection (a) shall not apply to a re-
port if— 
(1) the public posting of the report com-
promises national security; or 
(2) the report contains confidential or pro-
prietary information. 
(c) The head of the agency posting such re-
port shall do so only after such report has been made available to the requesting Com-mittee or Committees of Congress for no less than 45 days. 
S
EC. 508. (a) None of the funds made avail-
able in this Act may be used to maintain or establish a computer network unless such network blocks the viewing, downloading, and exchanging of pornography. 
(b) Nothing in subsection (a) shall limit 
the use of funds necessary for any Federal, State, tribal, or local law enforcement agen-cy or any other entity carrying out criminal investigations, prosecution, or adjudication activities. 
S
EC. 509. None of the funds made available 
in this Act may be used by an agency of the executive branch to pay for first-class travel by an employee of the agency in contraven-tion of sections 301–10.122 through 301–10.124 of title 41, Code of Federal Regulations. 
S
EC. 510. None of the funds made available 
in this Act may be used to execute a con-tract for goods or services, including con-struction services, where the contractor has 
not complied with Executive Order No. 12989. 
S
EC. 511. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used by the Department of Defense or the Department of Veterans Af-fairs to lease or purchase new light duty ve-hicles for any executive fleet, or for an agen-cy’s fleet inventory, except in accordance with Presidential Memorandum—Federal Fleet Performance, dated May 24, 2011. 
S
EC. 512. (a) I NGENERAL .—None of the 
funds appropriated or otherwise made avail-able to the Department of Defense in this Act may be used to construct, renovate, or expand any facility in the United States, its territories, or possessions to house any indi-vidual detained at United States Naval Sta-tion, Guanta ´namo Bay, Cuba, for the pur-
poses of detention or imprisonment in the custody or under the control of the Depart-ment of Defense. 
(b) The prohibition in subsection (a) shall 
not apply to any modification of facilities at United States Naval Station, Guanta ´namo 
Bay, Cuba. 
(c) An individual described in this sub-
section is any individual who, as of June 24, 2009, is located at United States Naval Sta-tion, Guanta ´namo Bay, Cuba, and who— 
(1) is not a citizen of the United States or 
a member of the Armed Forces of the United States; and 
(2) is— (A) in the custody or under the effective 
control of the Department of Defense; or 
(B) otherwise under detention at United 
States Naval Station, Guanta ´namo Bay, 
Cuba. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . NADLER  
Mr. NADLER. Mr. Chairman, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Strike section 512. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 223, the gentleman from New York and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from New York. 
Mr. NADLER. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Chairman, this amendment 
would strike section 512 of the bill, which prohibits the use of funds to con-struct or expand any facility in the United States to house any individual detained at the detention facility at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. 
b1745 
Simply put, this section is designed 
to prevent the closure of Guantanamo. 
Mr. Chairman, we are still holding 
122 people at Guantanamo, 57 of whom have been cleared for release. These people have been found guilty of noth-ing, are believed to be guilty of noth-ing, and have been judged not to pose any danger. Nonetheless, they are not released. By what claim of right do we continue to imprison them? 
As for the detainees who have not 
been cleared for release, this bill is de-signed to ensure that we will continue to hold them at Guantanamo indefi-nitely. We don’t know whether these people are enemy soldiers or not or are guilty of anything or not. Some of them may be, and some of them prob-ably are not. Those facts must be de-termined in a fair proceeding of some 
sort, but, at Guantanamo, there are no proceedings. The military tribunal process at Guantanamo has been at a complete standstill for years, and we cannot hold civilian trials at Guanta-namo, so we are holding people for no purpose with no proceedings, no hear-ings, no opportunity to determine their guilt or innocence, and we are holding them, essentially, forever. 
I recall a briefing last year at which 
Representative and now-Senator C
OT-
TONsaid that these people had been de-
termined to be guilty by Congress. Aside from the fact that Congress has not determined anybody to be guilty and aside from the fact, if Congress tried to determine someone to be guilty of a crime or of anything, that it would be a violation of the bill of at-tainder section of the Congress, it is simply not true. These people have been determined to be guilty of noth-ing, and they deserve, like anybody else, to have a day in court. How long will we let this shameful episode in American history continue? 
To overcome this challenge to one of 
the founding principles of the United States, which is that no person may be deprived of liberty without due process of law and, certainly, may not be de-prived of liberty indefinitely without due process of law, we must close the detention facility at Guantanamo now so that they can be properly charged and tried in a Federal court. This will afford the detainees no additional con-stitutional rights. The Supreme Court has already ruled that detainees at Guantanamo have the same constitu-tional rights as they would if they were to be brought to the United States. 
The government should transfer to 
Federal court any detainee against whom it has evidence. The Federal courts, in contrast to the military tri-bunals, have an excellent record in prosecuting and convicting terrorists. Anyone not charged should either be classified as a ‘‘prisoner of war’’ and treated as such or should be released back to his home country or elsewhere if that prevents a problem to his life or safety. This is not a radical suggestion. It has been our tradition for the entire history of our country and has been our unbroken legal practice until now. 
The President can and should with-
out delay authorize the Secretary of Defense to use existing certification and waiver procedures to repatriate and resettle abroad all prisoners who have been cleared for release, and he should arrange trial in the United States for all prisoners who are not cleared for release. 
We must close this facility. We must 
try and convict and sentence the peo-ple who are guilty of acts of terrorism or aggression against the United States or, in accord with our moral and con-stitutional principles, release those who are not guilty of offenses against the United States. Only so can we re-store our national honor. This amend-ment is necessary to start this process 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:13 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00102 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29AP7.084 H29APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2605 April 29, 2015 
because without our bringing some of 
these prisoners to the United States for trial, we cannot try them. I urge all of my colleagues to support this amend-ment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DENT. Mr. Chairman, I rise in 
opposition to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. DENT. Mr. Chairman, section 512 
has been included in the MILCON-VA bill for several years, and it is part of the overall policy discussion involving Guantanamo Bay. Identical language is also carried in the 2015 appropriations bill. Again, I respectfully request that the we reject this amendment. 
I would also add that, at Guanta-
namo Bay, we have about 120 prisoners there. Among those who are at that fa-cility are Khalid Sheikh Mohammed, the mastermind of the 9/11 attacks. I believe he is the man who also con-fessed that he decapitated Dan Pearl, the Wall Street Journal reporter. He was gruesomely executed by Khalid Sheikh Mohammed. He is a high-value detainee, and there are other high- value detainees there. Many of the prisoners down in Guantanamo are Yemeni, but we certainly can’t send them back to Yemen. It is also clear to me that many of these prisoners are very difficult to try and too dangerous to release, so I urge opposition to this amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Chairman, I note 
in his opposing this amendment that the gentleman simply said it is part of a larger policy discussion about Guan-tanamo. He is correct. He said that there is identical language in other bills. He is correct. He said that we should remove that language from the other bills, and he points out that Khalid Sheikh Mohammed and other high-value prisoners are at Guanta-
namo. He is correct. 
We are to bring them to the United 
States. We are to try them and convict them and either sentence them to death or to life in prison without pa-role or whatever. That is our tradition. We don’t simply declare someone is a bad guy and hold him forever without a trial. Our Federal courts in the United States have an excellent record of try-ing and convicting people accused of terrorism. In the military tribunals at Guantanamo, they can’t even run a trial. It has come to a complete stand-still. 
It is really missing the point to say 
that there are some very bad people at Guantanamo. Yes, there are. There are also some perfectly innocent people at Guantanamo. Those people ought to be released. The people who we think are guilty of something should be charged and tried. To simply say that someone is not going to be charged and tried but be held for life imprisonment without a trial is not what this country is about. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Chair-
man, I move to strike the last word. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman is 
recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Chair-
man, I rise in support of the amend-ment. 
I believe we need to set the condi-
tions for the closure of the detention facility at Guantanamo. It is in the United States national security inter-ests to do so. Guantanamo has become a rallying cry. It serves as a recruit-ment tool for terrorists, and it in-creases the will of our enemies to fight while decreasing the will of others to work with America. 
Part of the rationale for establishing 
Guantanamo in the first place was the misplaced idea that the facility would be beyond the law—a proposition re-jected by the United States Supreme Court. As a result, the continued oper-ation of this facility creates the im-pression in the eyes of our allies and our enemies alike that the United States selectively observes the rule of law. 
There is no reason that we should im-
pose upon ourselves the legal and moral problems arising from the pros-pect of indefinite detentions at Guan-tanamo. Working through civil courts since 9/11, hundreds of individuals have been convicted of terrorism or of ter-rorism-related offenses and are now serving long sentences in Federal pris-on. Not one has ever escaped custody. 
For these reasons, I believe that the 
time is past due to take the actions needed to initiate the closure of the de-tention facility at Guantanamo. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. DENT. Mr. Chairman, I would 
also like to remind the Members that Bowe Bergdahl was exchanged for five detainees at GTMO who have been sent elsewhere outside the United States and outside of Guantanamo. It is hard to keep eyes on these folks who have been released in exchange for Bowe Bergdahl, who has actually been charged with desertion. 
I also want to remind Members that, 
a few years ago, former Mayor Bloomberg of New York City agreed to allow certain detainees to be brought back to New York City for trial. Then, apparently, the mayor must have spo-ken to his police commissioner, who thought that that was a really bad idea because it would have choked off much of southern Manhattan, and it would have been extraordinarily expensive. It would have been a mistake. 
Again, I urge that we reject this 
amendment and maintain the facility at Guantanamo Bay. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from New York (Mr. N
ADLER ). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. NADLER. Mr. Chairman, I de-
mand a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from New York will be 
postponed. 
The Clerk will read. The Clerk read as follows: 
SPENDING REDUCTION ACCOUNT  
SEC. 513. The amount by which the applica-
ble allocation of new budget authority made by the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives under section 302(b) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 exceeds the amount of proposed new budget authority is $0. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . BOUSTANY  
Mr. BOUSTANY. Mr. Chairman, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
SEC. ll. (1) None of the funds made avail-
able by this Act may be used to pay any bonus or monetary award under chapter 45 or 53 of title 5, United States Code, to an em-ployee of the Chief Business Office of the De-partment of Veterans Affairs who is respon-sible for processing emergency medical care claims until the percentage of emergency medical care claims processed within 30 days reaches 90 percent. 
(2) The Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall 
submit quarterly data to Congress on the fol-lowing: 
(A) The total number of emergency med-
ical claims and the total number of billed charges for such claims. 
(B) The total number of emergency med-
ical claims and billed charges for such claims pending for more than 30 days. 
(C) The number of veterans with unpaid 
claims under consideration in each Veterans Integrated Service Network. 
(D) The percent of clean claims processed 
within 30 days. 
Mr. DENT (during the reading). Mr. 
Chairman, I ask unanimous consent to dispense with the reading of the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection 
to the request of the gentleman from Pennsylvania? 
There was no objection. Mr. DENT. Mr. Chairman, I reserve a 
point of order on the gentleman’s amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A point of order 
is reserved. 
Pursuant to House Resolution 223, 
the gentleman from Louisiana and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Louisiana. 
Mr. BOUSTANY. Mr. Chairman, our 
veterans deserve better than long, drawn-out claims processes that in-hibit access to high-quality care. This is just unacceptable. 
Since the passage of last year’s land-
mark VA reform legislation, the VA has demonstrated disturbingly little progress on addressing the emergency medical care claims processing backlog that is hurting our veterans. 
I requested data earlier this year on 
the VA’s progress in fiscal year 2015. I was shocked to find that, as of late March of this year, only 14 percent of the claims originating from VISN 16, including my home State of Louisiana, have been processed within 30 days. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:13 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00103 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29AP7.087 H29APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2606 April 29, 2015 
That is abysmal. No employee at any 
business in Louisiana or anywhere around this country would be given a bonus with such a poor success rate. 
Mr. Chairman, it is high time the VA 
starts demanding a higher standard from its employees. My amendment is fairly simple. It prevents this agency from granting bonuses to its emer-gency medical care claims processing staff until the percentage of emergency medical care claims processed within 30 days reaches 90 percent. 
This is just unacceptable behavior. 
Time and time again, we have asked the VA and have worked and legislated to get them to clean up their act. Our veterans are suffering, and this is no way to treat them. That is why I have offered this amendment. 
Mr. Chairman, I understand the gen-
tleman has a point of order raised against the amendment because it vio-lates the House rules of legislating on an appropriations bill. I just feel com-pelled to speak out because of the plight of our veterans, who are at the mercy of an incompetent agency, and it has got to change. 
I hope that all Members of this House 
on both sides of the aisle will work so that we clean up this mess and treat our veterans the way they should be treated because they have gone out and fought for us. 
Mr. Chairman, with respect to my 
friend, the chairman of the sub-committee, I ask unanimous consent to withdraw my amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection 
to the request of the gentleman from Louisiana? 
There was no objection. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MS . JACKSON LEE  
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
SEC. ll. The amounts otherwise provided 
by this Act are revised by reducing the amount made available for ‘‘Department of Veterans Affairs—Departmental Administra-tion—Information Technology Services’’ (and the amount specified under such head-ing for operations and maintenance), and by increasing the amount made available for ‘‘Veterans Health Administration—Medical Services’’, by $2,000,000. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE (during the read-
ing). Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous consent that the amendment be consid-ered as read. 
The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection 
to the request of the gentlewoman from Texas? 
There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 223, the gentlewoman from Texas and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from Texas. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, 
my first task is to thank the ranking member, Mr. B
ISHOP , and the chairman 
of the subcommittee, Mr. D ENT, both of whom I have worked with, and I con-
sider them champions of veterans and champions of the legislation that we have before us in terms of the needs that are there. 
b1800 
However, there are many needs that 
should be addressed, Mr. Chairman. I hold in my hand a list of veterans who have fallen upon hard times, one in particular who has three grown daugh-ters who are serving in the military. She, herself, served in the Navy for 5 years, had a divorce, and really needed to have housing assistance and medical care, but her options were insufficient. 
My amendment is a simple amend-
ment to, again, remind us of the impor-tance of these individuals who still suf-fer. The Jackson Lee amendment makes a modest but important im-provement to the bill by increasing the amount of funding for Supportive Serv-ices for Veteran Families account by $2 million, offset by a reduction in the same amount to the $4 billion allocated to the VA’s information technology systems. 
Today in our country, there are ap-
proximately 107,000 veterans, male and female, who are homeless on any given night, and perhaps twice as many— 200,000—experience homelessness at some point during the course of the year. 
All you need do, Mr. Chairman, is go 
home to your district and be able to engage with your veterans associations and your own constituents, and you will find that they will come up to you because they are homeless. 
The VA Supportive Services for Vet-
eran Families Program helps veterans and their families who may have fallen on hard times or hit a rough patch in life and need help from the country they selflessly risked their life to de-fend. 
The veterans don’t have to remind us 
that we owe them an obligation of sup-port. They don’t have to say it. We know that. When they put on the uni-form, they ask no questions; they are selfless. 
The SSVF program ensures that eli-
gible veteran families receive the out-reach, case management, and assist-ance in obtaining veterans and other benefits. Many are suffering from PTSD or traumatic brain injury. They have lived, and we are grateful for it. Many Vietnam vets are just being diag-nosed. This program is crucial to help-ing them get an extra step in life. 
I would ask my colleagues to be re-
minded of the kinds of veterans whom we see every day who are willing to put on that uniform and sacrifice without asking one single question. I ask my colleagues to support the Jackson Lee amendment. 
Mr. Chair, the Jackson Lee amend-
ment will enable this vital program to serve more veteran families in need of help by providing a bit more funding for grants to provide nonprofit private organizations and consumer coopera-tives the ability to provide supportive 
services. 
The main point is that there is a 
need, and I would only say that we need to follow the words of a veteran who said, after getting services, ‘‘I have a home, and I enjoy being inside.’’ 
Let’s give more of our veterans and 
veteran families that very important quote, ‘‘I have a home, and I enjoy being inside.’’ 
I ask my colleagues to support the 
Jackson Lee amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chair, before I 
begin, let me express my appreciation and thanks to my good friends, Chairman D
ENT 
and Ranking Member B ISHOP , for their hard 
and constructive work in shepherding this leg-islation to the floor. 
Chairman D
ENTand I worked together con-
structively for many years on the Homeland Security Committee and has always distin-guished himself as one of the most bipartisan members of the House. 
And Ranking Member B
ISHOP has for years 
been one of the ablest Members of this body; I thank them both for commitment to the im-portant work of ensuring that our veterans re-ceive the care and support they have earned from a grateful nation. 
The Jackson Lee Amendment makes a 
modest but important improvement to the bill by increasing the amount of funding for the ‘‘Supportive Services for Veterans’ Families’’ account by $2 million, offset by a reduction of the same amount to the $4 billion allocated to the VA’s ‘‘Information Technology Systems’’ account. 
Today, in our country, there are approxi-
mately 107,000 veterans (male and female) who are homeless on any given night. 
And perhaps twice as many (200,000) expe-
rience homelessness at some point during the course of a year. 
The VA’s ‘‘Supportive Services for Veterans’ 
Families’’ Program helps veterans, and their families, who may have fallen on hard times or hit a rough patch in life and need a little help from the country they selflessly risked their life to defend. 
The Jackson Lee Amendment will enable 
this vital program to serve more veterans’ fam-ilies in need of help by providing a bit more funding for grants to private non-profit organi-zations and consumer cooperatives that pro-vide supportive services to very low-income veteran families living in or transitioning to per-manent housing. 
The SSVF Program ensures that eligible 
veteran families receive the outreach, case management, and assistance in obtaining VA and other benefits. 
These services may include health care, 
daily living, legal services, fiduciary and payee services, personal financial planning, child care, transportation, housing counseling. 
The SSVF Program enables VA staff and 
local homeless service providers to work to-gether to effectively address the unique chal-lenges that make it difficult for some veterans and their families to remain stably housed. 
Many homeless veterans, including in my 
own state of Texas, lack housing because they lost their job or could no longer afford rent; many suffer from an untreated mental ill-ness that keeps them from working. 
Every day the SSVF program makes a real 
difference in the lives of real people. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:13 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00104 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K29AP7.091 H29APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2607 April 29, 2015 
Veterans like the Air Force veteran who, 
hoping to utilize the skills he learned in the service, instead bounced from job to job after being discharged and found himself sleeping at night on the cold cement under a bridge in Chicago. 
Through the Thresholds Veterans Project, 
funded through the SSVF, this hero received steady community service support and eventu-ally was placed in his own studio apartment. 
He now says, in his own words: I have a 
home. I enjoy bein’ inside.’’ 
Veterans like the one in Texas who because 
he lost his job at a manufacturing plant and was unable to pay the bills, was forced to seek shelter for himself and his family at a homeless shelter. 
Fortunately, the homeless shelter was a 
SSVF grantee and was able to assist the vet-eran obtain employment and his family in se-curing affordable low-cost housing. 
There are thousands of similar success sto-
ries made possible by the SSVF Program that I could share but all of them share a common theme: they involve veterans who served their country proudly, fell down on their luck, picked themselves back up, and found affordable and sustainable housing for their families because of the assistance and support made possible by the SSVF program. 
Ensuring that veterans have a place of their 
own to call home is the very least we can do. 
I urge my colleagues to support the Jackson 
Lee Amendment and commit ourselves to the hard but necessary work of ending veteran homelessness in America. 
I urge my colleagues to support the Jackson 
Lee Amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR (Mr. R
ODNEY  
DAVIS of Illinois). The question is on 
the amendment offered by the gentle-woman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . JOLLY  
Mr. JOLLY. I have an amendment at 
the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used to carry out the clo-sure or transfer of the United States Naval Station, Guanta ´namo Bay, Cuba. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 223, the gentleman from Florida and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Florida. 
Mr. JOLLY. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
This is a very simple measure. It sim-
ply prohibits the relinquishment, the closure, or the transfer of Naval Sta-tion Guantanamo Bay out of the pos-session of the United States. 
In 1903, as a result of the Cuban- 
American treaty, the United States began to occupy Naval Station Guanta-namo Bay for at least as long as nec-essary or in perpetuity for naval oper-ations. The treaty stated that the U.S. shall exercise complete jurisdiction and control of the base, while also rec-ognizing the sovereignty of Cuba. 
Today, Naval Station Guantanamo is 
a front line for our regional security in the Caribbean. It supports our Navy 
logistical work; drug interdiction; DHS migrant operations; and, importantly, disaster and humanitarian relief, in-cluding responding to the 1980s and 1990s mass migration, as well as the 2010 Haiti earthquake response. 
Very importantly is what this meas-
ure does not do. This measure does not touch the detention facility and the politics of the detention facility. This focuses solely on the national security implications of maintaining the Navy station 90 miles off the shores of Flor-ida. Importantly, it is an issue that has been brought right now as a result of the President’s decision to begin to normalize relations with Cuba. 
Also, importantly, this doesn’t take 
a position on normalizing relations with Cuba. In fact, you could make the argument that normalizing relations with Cuba actually enhances and im-proves and increases our national secu-rity because it allows us additional operational units and boots on the ground at our Navy station there, en-gaging with the locals, improving our intelligence, improving our ability to respond. 
The moment the President began to 
offer normalized relations, the Castro regime demanded the return of Guanta-namo. This is a matter of our national security to maintain it. You need not make this political. 
Simply look at the advice and opin-
ions of the previous three commanders of U.S. Southern Command. Current General John Kelly has called GTMO indispensable to the Departments of Defense, Homeland Security, and State. 
The commander before him, Admiral 
Stavridis, said it is of immense stra-tegic value. Prior to him, General Douglas Fraser, contemplating the eventual closure of the detention facil-ity said, even absent a detention facil-ity, the strategic capability provided by U.S. Naval Station Guantanamo Bay remains essential for executing the national priorities of the United States. 
Mr. Speaker, this is a matter of na-
tional security. We have a process for realigning and closing naval facilities. This legislation simply says, for pur-poses of national security, this amend-ment prohibits any transfer or closure of Naval Station Guantanamo. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. I claim the 
time in opposition, but I am not op-posed to the gentleman’s amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-
tion, the gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Chair-
man, I think sometimes people get con-fused about the role of Guantanamo Bay naval facility’s mission. There is a joint task force on detainee operations, and there is the actual facility. 
No one has ever floated the idea of 
closing the base and giving it back to Cuba, so when the detainee mission ends, which it will, we will still need to 
have this facility. It is the southern-most military facility of the Depart-ment. 
I don’t support detainee operations, 
but I do support the regular mission of the Guantanamo Bay naval facility, and therefore, I will not oppose the gentleman’s amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. JOLLY. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
the time I have remaining to the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. D
ENT), 
the chairman of the subcommittee. 
Mr. DENT. Mr. Chairman, I just 
wanted to state, too, that the under-lying legislation does not include any funds to close the naval station at Guantanamo Bay, a facility I have vis-ited. 
I also should point out, as the distin-
guished ranking member just stated, Mr. B
ISHOP , that the naval station is a 
key strategic location for SOUTHCOM, and I would support the gentleman’s amendment. 
Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Chair, I 
yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. JOLLY. Mr. Chair, I yield back 
the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Florida (Mr. J
OLLY ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . BLUMENAUER  
Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Chair, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used to implement, ad-minister, or enforce Veterans Health Admin-istration directive 2011-004 (or directive of the same substance) with respect to the pro-hibition on ‘‘VA providers from completing forms seeking recommendations or opinions regarding a Veteran’s participation in a State marijuana program’’. 
Mr. DENT. Mr. Chair, I reserve a 
point of order on the gentleman’s amendment. I haven’t seen the amend-ment yet. 
The Acting CHAIR. A point of order 
is reserved. 
Pursuant to House Resolution 223, 
the gentleman from Oregon and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Oregon. 
Mr. BLUMENAUER. I yield myself 
such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Chair, 36 States and the District 
of Columbia have passed laws that pro-vide legal access to medical marijuana in some form, and over 1 million pa-tients now use medical marijuana to treat conditions ranging from seizures, anxiety, chronic pain, nausea associ-ated with chemotherapy, and post- traumatic stress at the recommenda-tion of their physician. 
Over 213 million people reside in 
those jurisdictions; yet, according to Directive 2011–004, the Department of Veterans Affairs prohibits its medical 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:13 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00105 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29AP7.099 H29APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2608 April 29, 2015 
providers from completing forms 
brought by their patients seeking rec-ommendations or opinions regarding a veteran’s participation in a State med-ical marijuana program. 
The amendment I am offering en-
sures that no funds made available to the VA can be used to implement this prohibition. The amendment will not encourage doctors or patients to rec-ommend or use medical marijuana. It would not authorize the possession or use of marijuana at VA facilities. 
It would simply free up VA providers 
to have an honest conversation about treatment options and recommend medical marijuana in accordance with State law if they think it is appro-priate. It would not force veterans to not work with their primary care pro-vider. 
I am joined in offering this bipartisan 
amendment by Congressman H
ECK 
from Nevada, Congressman R OHR-
ABACHER , and a series of other Mem-
bers, some of whom you will hear from. 
Over 20 percent of the 2.8 million 
American veterans who served in Iraq and Afghanistan suffer from PTSD and depression. They should not be forced outside the VA system to seek a simple recommendation about a treatment that might help them manage these conditions. 
I will say, while nobody has ever died 
from a marijuana overdose, we are watching veterans have prescriptions for opiates who suffer from PTSD, for example, more than others, and their suicide rate is high. There is real dan-ger in not being able to provide bal-anced treatment. 
Our VA physicians should not be de-
nied their First Amendment right to have an honest conversation about op-tions and offer a recommendation they think could bring relief and well-being to a patient. Our veterans should not be treated as second class citizens in the States that permit medical mari-juana. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DENT. Mr. Chairman, I withdraw 
my reservation of a point of order. 
The Acting CHAIR. The reservation 
of a point of order is withdrawn. 
Mr. DENT. Mr. Chair, I claim the 
time in opposition to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. DENT. Mr. Chairman, I do rise in 
opposition to my friend’s amendment. We had a similar debate in the full committee just last week. The VA must comply with all Federal laws, in-cluding the Controlled Substances Act. 
This act designates schedule I drugs, 
such as marijuana, as having no cur-rently accepted medical use. There are criminal penalties associated with the production, distribution, and posses-sion of these drugs. 
The standing VA policy does not 
deny veterans who participate in State marijuana programs from also partici-pating in VA substance abuse or clin-ical programs. It simply prohibits VA clinicians from completing forms for 
their participation in such State pro-grams or for providing or paying for marijuana authorized by a State pro-gram. 
Veterans are able to participate in 
State programs. They just cannot pos-sess marijuana at VA facilities. Chang-ing the VA directive does not change the DEA’s interpretation of Federal law on marijuana. 
DEA has advised VA that its doctors 
cannot issue anything that could be construed as a prescription or endorse-ment of medical marijuana, so the amendment won’t change the situation for veterans unless the VA physicians are willing to risk prosecution. 
At this point, again, I would have to 
urge opposition. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. I move to 
strike the last word. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman is 
recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Chair-
man, I support the amendment offered by Mr. B
LUMENAUER . 
Just recently, in Georgia, Governor 
Deal signed legislation that imme-diately legalized the use of medical marijuana to treat serious medical conditions. Georgia became the 36th State, plus Washington, D.C., to legal-ize marijuana extracts to treat dis-eases. 
I believe that we should not limit the 
Veterans Health Administration in providing optimal pain care for our veterans. If medical marijuana is legal in the State, then the VA should be able to discuss that treatment option and allow the veteran to make his or her own choice. 
I believe that the VA’s published pol-
icy guidance related to the use of med-ical marijuana by veteran patients has become outdated. I believe supporting a veteran’s right to use alternative methods to deal with pain is the right thing to do. 
I support the amendment. I urge its 
adoption. 
I yield to the gentleman from Cali-
fornia (Mr. F
ARR). 
b1815 
Mr. FARR. I thank the gentleman for 
yielding. 
Mr. Chairman, I hope that you heard 
the amendment because it said nothing about the doctor’s ability to issue a prescription for use of medical mari-juana. This simply lifts a gag order. 
Now, these doctors have taken an 
oath of office to do no harm. Their ability is to talk to patients. They can tell patients that there is medical marijuana available. They can also tell patients that you shouldn’t try it, you shouldn’t use it. 
What you want is just an honest dia-
logue. You want to give doctors their professional capability to have a dis-cussion with the veteran. That is all this bill does. 
Our veterans are living in a civilian 
community. In 33 States, this is legal. When they walk in with admitted prob-
lems and they want medical attention, the doctor cannot have a thorough dis-cussion with them. 
That is all this amendment adds. It 
says, Let’s let these doctors be like the civilian doctors in the same offices in the same States, only maybe those ci-vilian doctors can issue prescriptions where the veteran doctor can’t. 
Because of the reasons that the 
chairman talked about of how this drug is listed, this is very limiting, so let’s lift the gag order. We owe it to our veterans to give them complete in-formation when they ask for it, even if it means discussing medical marijuana. 
I ask for an ‘‘aye’’ vote. Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Chair, I 
yield to the gentlewoman from Cali-
fornia (Ms. L
EE). 
Ms. LEE. I thank the gentleman for 
yielding. 
Mr. Chairman, I rise in very strong 
support of this bipartisan amendment, which I am very proud to cosponsor with my colleagues. 
This would finally put an end to the 
misguided VA policy that keeps our veterans from receiving the medicine that they need. To date, 23 States, the District of Columbia, and Guam have passed legislation allowing legal access to medical marijuana. 
What is more, similar amendments 
saying that the Federal Government should respect states’ rights and the will of voters on this issue have passed the House with bipartisan support. 
This amendment represents the will 
of more than 70 percent of voters who support patient access to medical marijuana and is supported across party lines. 
Veterans should have the benefit of 
being able to know what the options are. So many of our veterans are suf-fering from PTSD and other medical problems, and possibly, this would help in terms of relieving their pain and providing for the quality of life that they so deserve. 
This amendment would put an end to 
the policy that keeps our veterans from receiving the medicine, coun-seling, and care they so deserve, and I hope we have an ‘‘aye’’ vote on this. 
Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. May I in-
quire of the chair how much time is re-maining? 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Georgia has 1 minute remaining. 
Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. I yield to the 
gentlewoman from Nevada (Ms. T
ITUS). 
Ms. TITUS. I thank the gentleman 
for yielding. 
I want to say, very simply, that we 
shortchange our veterans if we don’t give them the opportunity to have every possible medical treatment that is out there. 
We know that certain States have le-
galized medical marijuana. In those States, our veterans deserve to have that as on option. To shortchange them would just be unconscionable, and I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote. 
Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Chair-
man, I yield back the balance of my time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:13 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00106 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29AP7.098 H29APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2609 April 29, 2015 
Mr. BLUMENAUER. May I inquire as 
to how much time is remaining? 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Oregon (Mr. B LUMENAUER ) has 21⁄2 
minutes remaining, and the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. D
ENT) has 31⁄2 
minutes remaining. 
Mr. BLUMENAUER. I yield 11⁄2min-
utes to the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OHRABACHER ). 
Mr. ROHRABACHER. Mr. Chairman, 
the question we are discussing is sim-ply whether Veterans Affairs physi-cians can recommend the use of mari-juana or not recommend the use of marijuana to their patients. 
As Republicans, we supposedly be-
lieve in the doctor-patient relation-ship, but apparently, some of my col-leagues believe that that relationship is not relevant when it comes to VA doctors and their patients, the patients who happen to be our Nation’s great heroes who went off to defend us in war. 
It is criminal that we send our men 
and women off to war, where their minds and bodies are broken, and then deny them the ability to obtain a med-ical recommendation from a legitimate VA doctor upon their return home. 
Why is it we have faith in the med-
ical qualifications of Congress to deter-mine the best medical practices rather than those people who are doctors in the Department of Veterans Affairs? 
I would submit that perhaps mari-
juana is a better option for some pa-tients—and maybe not—but we should stop this heavy-handed, top-down ap-proach and allow the Department of Veterans Affairs physicians and their patients to determine for themselves the best use and the best treatment that they would be able to have. 
Let’s respect these people and their 
rights. I thought we Republicans be-lieved in the doctor-patient relation-ship. Either you do or you don’t. If you vote this down, you don’t believe in the doctor-patient relationship for our vet-erans, of all people. 
Mr. DENT. Mr. Chairman, I under-
stand my colleagues are very sincere in their attempt. I am sympathetic to at least listening to the arguments for medicinal marijuana, but this discus-sion must be driven by the science. 
I would love to hear from the Na-
tional Institutes of Health, Food and Drug Administration, and the medical community formally about their views on this issue prior to us legislating on this matter. 
At this time, I yield 2 minutes to the 
gentleman from Maryland, Dr. H
ARRIS . 
Mr. HARRIS. Mr. Chairman, as a vet-
eran and a physician and someone who has treated veterans, I appreciate the sacrifice our men and women in uni-form have made and our duty to give them the best possible care. 
That means care based on real 
science, not promise, not hope, not conjecture, not politics, not as part of an agenda, but real science. 
The chairman says we should wait 
for good science and we should wait to hear from the experts. We don’t need to 
wait. We have heard. Dr. Nora Volkow, the head of the National Institute on Drug Abuse at the NIH, says medical marijuana, in the current state of med-ical knowledge, is not a good idea. 
There just isn’t very good science be-
hind what it works for and what it doesn’t; so I agree, when good science is in hand, let’s give doctors carte blanche to discuss that. That science isn’t available. 
Worse than that, Mr. Chairman, this 
bill does nothing to advance the knowl-edge of science on this issue because it doesn’t say we are going to sign vet-erans up for research so they can help other veterans answer the question of whether or not it helps. 
It doesn’t do anything like that. It 
doesn’t make it easier for them to en-list in research protocols to address the scientific questions. Now, the chairman of the subcommittee asked, Well, we should hear from the FDA; we should hear from DEA. 
We hear from all of them. They say 
medical marijuana is not scientifically based at this time. I have offered this to the Members, but the author of the amendment and I have been to the NIH. He knows my interest in getting to the bottom of what works and what doesn’t. 
At this point in time, we are not 
doing our veterans a service. We could. If we asked to engage in more sci-entific research, we could do them a service. If this amendment, in fact, en-couraged in any way, shape, or form further research on what works and what doesn’t, we could be doing them a service. 
Sadly enough, Mr. Chairman, it 
doesn’t; and that is why I oppose this effort—not helping our veterans, but this specific effort. 
Mr. DENT. Mr. Chairman, may I in-
quire as to how much time is remain-ing? 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Pennsylvania (Mr. D
ENT) has 1 
minute remaining. The gentleman from Oregon (Mr. B
LUMENAUER ) has 1 
minute remaining. 
Mr. DENT. At this time, I yield the 
balance of my time to the distin-guished gentleman from Louisiana, Dr. F
LEMING . 
Mr. FLEMING. I thank my friend, 
the chairman, for yielding. 
As a practicing physician and a vet-
eran myself, the way we approach health care is not to just allow any healthcare provider to do whatever he or she wants to do at the time. That is simply not the way health care works. 
Let’s look specifically at the problem 
of PTSD, which is one of the worst problems that we are dealing with today among veterans. 
What have we found just in the last 
year? Smoking pot increases psychotic episodes by a factor of two to four times normal. The conversion to schiz-ophrenia, a permanent mental disorder, is enhanced by pot by a factor of two— double. Why in the world would we give a 
drug that is addictive, that is prohib-ited under schedule I, that is not ac-cepted for any specific mental disease or disorder and enhances psychosis and schizophrenia, why are we going to give that to our veterans, especially those with PTSD? That is just abso-lutely insane. 
Mr. DENT. I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. BLUMENAUER. First, it isn’t 
just PTSD that medical marijuana is used for. There is a whole host of other conditions that were available. 
Second, the marijuana medical train 
has left the station. A million Ameri-cans have a legal right to use medical marijuana, and they do so. You want to treat veterans differently. 
Third, medical marijuana is nowhere 
near as addictive as what is happening to our veterans right now. Veterans seen by agency doctors are dying from prescription drug overdoses nearly twice the national average. 
Nobody dies from an overdose of 
marijuana; and the VA doctors pre-scribe significantly more opiates, which are highly addictive, to patients with PTSD and depression than other veterans, even though those people suf-fering those conditions are more at risk of overdose and suicide. 
Get your facts straight. I am happy 
to do more research; I have work com-ing forward, but, in the meantime, don’t treat these veterans as second class citizens. 
If you want to be concerned, be con-
cerned about the explosion of addictive drugs that are being prescribed to peo-ple who we should be giving more care. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Oregon (Mr. B
LU-
MENAUER ). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Chairman, I 
demand a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Oregon will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MR . BABIN  
Mr. BABIN. Mr. Chairman, I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used to carry out the Ap-praised Value Offer program of the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 223, the gentleman from Texas and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Texas. 
Mr. BABIN. Mr. Chairman, I rise to 
offer an amendment to terminate the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:13 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00107 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29AP7.099 H29APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2610 April 29, 2015 
VA’s abused Appraised Value Offer Pro-
gram so that these funds can be used to better serve the needs of our Nation’s veterans, rather than VA bureaucrats. 
The VA spent nearly $300,000 of tax-
payer money to move a VA employee 140 miles, specifically from Wash-ington, D.C., to Philadelphia. That is $300,000 that could have been used to care for numerous deserving veterans who have served this Nation in uni-form, but instead was spent to move someone 140 miles. 
At the request of the House Veterans’ 
Affairs Committee, the Department of Veterans Affairs Office of Inspector General is investigating this abuse, and here is what we have learned so far. 
Under the VA’s Appraised Value 
Offer Program, the VA paid more than $80,000 to one of its government em-ployees and $211,000 to a Federal con-tractor that was tasked with selling that employee’s home. 
At a time when the VA is struggling 
to meet the medical needs of our vet-erans, it is unconscionable that the VA would waste $300,000 in taxpayer money to move someone 140 miles. 
Unfortunately, this is just another 
disturbing example of the lack of transparency and accountability at the VA. The folks at the VA are already under scrutiny for their shocking fail-ure to properly care for veterans, and now, to spend $300,000 on this is abso-lutely abusive. Clearly, the VA cannot be trusted to exercise common sense with this program, and it is time to end it. 
As a military veteran and a father of 
a decorated Navy SEAL, I am deeply frustrated with the abuse and mis-management at the VA. Our veterans must be the VA’s first priority, not its bureaucrats. 
I would like to thank House Vet-
erans’ Affairs Committee Chairman J
EFFMILLER for shedding light on this 
important issue and holding the VA ac-countable for failing to put veterans first. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
amendment and to end this outrageous abuse within the Department of Vet-erans Affairs. 
b1830 
Mr. DENT. Will the gentleman yield? 
Mr. BABIN. I yield to the gentleman 
from Pennsylvania. 
Mr. DENT. I just wanted to state I do 
not object to the gentleman’s amend-ment. He raised the Philadelphia issue. I am very much aware of it and cer-tainly concerned about it, and I under-stand the purpose. 
I also understand the purpose of the 
Appraised Value Offer Program, when a valued employee would otherwise stand to lose thousands in the sale of a house to move at the request of their employ-ing agency. But sometimes the cost of the program seems a little excessive, in my view. 
In conference, we may need to tweak 
the language to make sure that we aren’t jeopardizing VA’s efforts to move talented staff to areas where 
they are needed. But as I said, I do not object to the amendment. 
Mr. BABIN. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. B
ABIN). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MS . ADAMS  
Ms. ADAMS. Mr. Chair, I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
SEC. ll. (1) Subject to paragraphs (2) and 
(3), amounts made available under the ‘‘Gen-eral Operating Expenses, Veterans Benefits Administration’’ account for fiscal year 2016 may be used by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to provide discretionary competitive grants for State and local governments to es-tablish or expand technology systems that develop a coordinated network of private, public and nonprofit services and resources to better serve veterans and their family members. A State or local government awarded a grant under this section shall work with an entity that has experience working with comprehensive coordinated networks, protects privacy of veterans and their families, ensures the quality of pro-viders, and has a metrics system to effec-tively measure success of the network. 
(2) Amounts used as described in paragraph 
(1) may not result in a more than 10 percent aggregate decrease in the total amount made available by this Act for the ‘‘General Oper-ating Expenses, Veterans Benefits Adminis-tration’’ account. 
(3) Each grant made under paragraph (1) 
shall be subject to the approval of the Com-mittees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate. 
Mr. DENT (during the reading). Mr. 
Chair, I reserve a point of order on the gentlewoman’s amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A point of order 
is reserved. 
The Clerk will read. 
The Clerk continued to read. Ms. ADAMS (during the reading). Mr. 
Chair, I ask unanimous consent that we dispense with the reading. 
The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection 
to the request of the gentlewoman from North Carolina? 
There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 223, the gentlewoman from North Carolina and a Member op-posed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from North Carolina. 
Ms. ADAMS. Mr. Chairman, I want to 
thank Chairman D
ENT and Ranking 
Member B ISHOP for allowing me to 
present my amendment. 
Mr. Chair, I rise today to highlight 
the need for better access to resources and services for our veterans and mili-tary families. 
The U.S. Department of Veteran Af-
fairs and other Federal agencies are providing a vast array of services and resources that our heroes deserve, but the Federal Government alone is not able to address every challenge our servicemen and -women and their fami-lies are facing and will face in years to 
come. Many community providers and local governments are starting their own initiatives to assist veterans in ap-plying for benefits with VA and other organizations. 
For those 37,000 veterans living in the 
12th Congressional District of North Carolina, it is important that commu-nity-based groups work collaboratively with local, State, and Federal Govern-ment service providers so that recipi-ents know where all of these different benefits and resources are and how to access them. 
Additionally, we need to make sure 
we are holding service providers ac-countable and that performance meas-ures are in place. 
My amendment encourages the VA to 
assist with establishing and expanding technology systems at the local and State level to create a more unified network of veteran services. These net-works would include private, public, and nonprofit partners who are quali-fied to serve veterans and their fami-lies. 
My amendment directs funding to a 
grant program that has not yet been authorized by law, and will be subject to a point of order. 
I look forward to working with the 
House Veterans’ Affairs Committee and with the Appropriations Committee to make this funding a reality for our community providers in the future. 
The veterans in my district, in Meck-
lenburg, Cabarrus, Rowan, Davidson, Forsyth, and Guilford Counties, have noted that they have difficulties find-ing and accessing the services that are available to them and their families. 
As more servicemen and -women 
come home from serving overseas, Con-gress must support innovation and local solutions to providing services for our Nation’s veterans. 
I thank the chairman and the rank-
ing member for allowing me to present my amendment. 
Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous con-
sent to withdraw the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection 
to the request of the gentlewoman from North Carolina? 
There was no objection. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MR . ROTHFUS  
Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Chairman, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment as fol-
lows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used by the Secretary of 
Veterans Affairs to pay a performance award under section 5384 of title 5, United States Code. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 223, the gentleman from Pennsylvania and a Member op-posed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Pennsylvania. 
Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
today to stand with our Nation’s vet-erans and their families. We owe these 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:13 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00108 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29AP7.102 H29APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2611 April 29, 2015 
brave individuals and their loved ones 
a debt that can never be repaid. When our Nation called, they answered. Our veterans served bravely in theaters around the world, kept us safe, and helped to spread American values and the freedoms that we hold dear. 
Our veterans made unimaginable sac-
rifices to their health, to their well- being, and to their families. They ful-filled their commitment to our great Nation, and we must now uphold the commitments we made to them. It is for that reason that I rise in strong support of the Military Construction and Veterans Affairs Appropriations Act under consideration today. It is also why this amendment is so impor-tant. 
For the last 2 years, I have offered 
this amendment with the same simple message: VA senior executives need to take responsibility, fix the problems, and do their jobs. As public servants, these senior executives have a solemn obligation to ensure that veterans re-ceive the respect, support, and care that they have earned. 
But one only needs to take a quick 
survey of the tremendous investigative work that Chairman M
ILLER , Congress-
man M IKECOFFMAN , and the rest of my 
colleagues on the Veterans’ Affairs Committee have been doing to see that, despite our efforts to reform and im-prove the agency culture at the VA, little to nothing has changed. 
The VA is still failing veterans in 
Pennsylvania and across the country. Veterans still have difficulty accessing care, claims and appeals are still back-logged, whistleblowers are still being retaliated against, and reckless, waste-ful spending has reached new levels. 
For example, in my home State of 
Pennsylvania, the inspector general re-cently conducted an investigation at the Philadelphia regional office after receiving numerous complaints that there was data manipulation and that management was mistreating and re-taliating against staff. The IG con-firmed a number of these allegations and found tens of thousands of unan-swered veteran inquiries. 
Many of us are also familiar with the 
VA Hospital project in Aurora, Colo-rado. Over a decade ago, veterans in Denver were promised a new medical facility; yet, due to gross mismanage-ment, the project is well behind sched-ule and is now going to cost taxpayers more than $1 billion over budget. 
To his credit, Secretary McDonald 
has publicly recognized many of his De-partment’s failings, has spoken of in-creased transparency and account-ability, and acknowledges that a wholesale culture change will be nec-essary. But this transformation has not yet occurred, and accountability is cer-tainly still lacking. 
To date, only a few of the senior ex-
ecutives who have been found respon-sible for the misconduct at the VA 
have actually been terminated. Some have been placed on extended paid leave, some reassigned, while others have been promoted. In fiscal year 2013, the VA shelled out 
some $2.8 million in bonuses solely to its executives, an increase from the previous year, when the agency paid out $2.3 million. 
I have always maintained that tax-
payer-funded bonuses to senior execu-tives of an organization with this sort of abysmal performance record are ri-diculous. These dollars would be better spent providing our veterans with the first-rate service and care they rightly deserve. 
That is why I am offering this 
amendment again this year, to direct that none of the funds appropriated may be used to pay for senior executive bonuses. The amendment was adopted the last 2 years and was included in bills that passed out of this Chamber with wide bipartisan support. 
Congress certainly has an important 
role to play in reforming the VA. We need to continue our oversight activi-ties and pass the sorts of reforms that are included in bills brought to the floor by Chairman M
ILLER and the Vet-
erans’ Affairs Committee. However, while we do that, we also need to en-sure that not a single dime is spent on paying bonuses to senior executives until the problems at the VA are fixed. 
I would like to thank Chairman M
IL-
LER and Congressmen F ITZPATRICK , 
KELLY , T IPTON , C RAWFORD , and 
HUELSKAMP for their support. 
I urge all of my other colleagues to 
stand with our Nation’s veterans and support increased transparency. 
Mr. DENT. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. ROTHFUS. I yield to the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania. 
Mr. DENT. I just want to say I rise in 
support of the amendment. 
A number of Members have offered 
amendments relating to the VA per-formance bonus awards. The gentle-man’s amendment is the most com-prehensive, and I would encourage other Members to join with Mr. R
OTHFUS rather than offer their own 
amendments. 
We have all certainly been outraged 
by the behavior of some VA employees and the consequences for veterans’ health and well-being resulting from incompetence, deceit, and deception. A ban on all senior executive service per-formance bonuses is a needed wake-up call to the VA bureaucracy which, as we have seen, needs to change its cul-ture to ensure veterans’ needs are their top priority. 
I support the amendment. Mr. ROTHFUS. I thank the chair-
man. 
I yield my remaining time to the 
gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. C
RAWFORD ). 
Mr. CRAWFORD. I will make it 
quick, Mr. Chairman. 
I rise in support of this amendment. 
Just last year, the House voted unani-mously to strip out funding for bonuses to Senior Executive Service employees at the VA because we were appalled by the heinous treatment of our veterans. And even though I opposed the legisla-tion, later, both Chambers voted to re-
instate many of these bonuses. Some of these executives are the very people who contributed to the plight of our VA hospitals. 
We can’t allow this negligent behav-
ior to continue to impact the care of those who sacrificed so much on behalf of our Nation’s security. In fact, no award should be reinstated until sig-nificant improvements are made to-ward transparency. 
I want to make this point. In my 
home State of Arkansas, $8 million of Federal funds were used to build solar panels in a VA parking lot. But those panels have sat unplugged and inoper-able for years, and now some of the panels are being torn down in order to make room for a parking garage that they knew in advance was coming, and yet they spent that money recklessly on another project. This is exactly the type of poor planning and behavior that shouldn’t be rewarded, even though it has been. 
This amendment makes sure that no 
Federal funds in the MILCON-VA Ap-propriations Act are used to pay per-formance awards to VA senior officials. I encourage its passage. 
The Acting CHAIR. The time of the 
gentleman has expired. 
Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Chair-
man, I claim the time in opposition. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman is 
recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Chair-
man, we are all outraged with regard to the claims backlog and the incidences of poor quality health serv-ices and safety. The current claims backlog is unacceptable. 
There is no question that the VA has 
struggled to successfully deliver one of its key missions: to provide timely rat-ings of disabilities. However, the VA has reduced the backlog by 44 percent. 
Should we ignore that? It is also clear that some VA health 
facilities have had serious issues that put the health, safety, and well-being of our veterans at risk. This, too, is un-acceptable. Where these failures have occurred, it is hard to imagine how VA leaders of these facilities could have received high performance ratings and substantial bonuses. 
However, this amendment will not 
provide any solution in the short-term and, in fact, may have long-term con-sequences and compound the very prob-lems that it attempts to address. This amendment would make the VA a less attractive option than other agencies when it comes to recruiting and retain-ing quality executive leaders, and it will not have the very talent that it needs to solve the problems that it faces today, like the claims backlog and the healthcare deficiencies. 
Furthermore, SES pay and bonuses 
are governed by title 5 of the United States Code and administered by the Office of Personnel Management. Any change to title 5 to address VA would then also apply to all other Federal agencies. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:13 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00109 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29AP7.107 H29APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2612 April 29, 2015 
Attempting to do an across-the- 
board, one-size-fits-all fix will penalize those dedicated VA executives who are working hard and well to find solutions to the VA’s problems. This is nonsense. I urge all Members to vote ‘‘no.’’ 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. R
OTHFUS ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MS . JACKSON LEE  
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act for benefits for homeless vet-erans and training and outreach programs may be used by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs in contravention of subchapter III of chapter 20 of title 38, United States Code. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 223, the gentlewoman from Texas and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from Texas. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, I 
thank the chairman and ranking mem-ber of the subcommittee again for the work, and I raise again a picture of three ladies who look attractive in this picture. 
Mr. Chairman, and colleagues, these 
are homeless vets. These are vets who bonded with each other in a homeless shelter. 
The good news is that we have made 
progress on providing services for homeless vets. But I want to empha-size, through this amendment, that we will continue to raise and focus on the needs of homeless vets. 
I offer the Jackson Lee amendment 
because I believe reducing and elimi-nating homelessness among veterans, those who risked their lives to protect our freedom, should also be one of the Nation’s highest priorities. I would like this bill to have it as its highest pri-ority. 
b1845 
Homelessness among the American 
veteran population is on the rise in the United States. We must be proactive in giving back to those who have given us so much. 
Even though the administration has 
done an enormous job, has made great strides in bringing down the numbers of homeless vets, for those that they bring down, then, for some reason— whether it is the loss of a job or med-ical issues—vets are becoming home-less every day. 
My amendment will help remind us 
of our obligation to provide our vet-erans the assistance needed to avoid homelessness, which includes ade-quately funding the program for Vet-erans Affairs Supportive Housing and, as well, to be able to ensure those cen-
ters are there for our veterans. 
Today in our country, we have men-
tioned the numbers of veterans that exist: 100,000 veterans, male and fe-male, are homeless; 200,000 experience homelessness. In my hometown of Houston, for example, between the years of 2010 and 2012, the number of homeless vets increased from 771 to 1,162. 
I want to acknowledge the city of 
Houston that has worked on their Homeless Veterans Project; the George Hotel that has worked on the Homeless Veterans Project; many other veteran organizations; U.S.VETS, who has worked on the Homeless Veterans Project; and a grant that came some years ago to the Houston Housing Au-thority to work on the Homeless Vet-erans Project. 
But this amendment is to, again, es-
tablish in this important legislation the idea that we must fight for our vet-erans, and we must ensure that every year, we take the temperature of the Nation’s homeless vets, the tempera-ture that says, if it is high, the num-bers have been going up; if it is low, we are doing our job because the numbers of homeless vets are going down. 
Let me thank the many shelters that 
deal with our vets, and particularly in my district, St. John’s United Meth-odist Church for the work they have done, along with many other entities that believe that cutting the numbers of homeless vets should be the end. 
I yield to the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania. 
Mr. DENT. I just wanted to let the 
gentlelady know that we support the amendment, which was accepted last year. I know the gentlelady is offering it to reaffirm the congressional obliga-tion to provide veterans the assistance they need to avoid homelessness. 
I accept the amendment. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Reclaiming my 
time, let me thank the chairman. With that, I thank my colleagues and ask my colleagues to support the Jackson Lee amendment to end homelessness for our veterans here in America. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chair, none of the 
funds made available by this Act for the De-partment of Veteran Affairs—Benefits for Homeless Veterans and Training and Out-reach Programs may be used in contravention of the title 38, Part II, Chapter 20, Subchapter II and III of the U.S. Code 
This amendment will help ensure that the 
rate of homelessness among veterans in the United States does not increase. 
I thank Subcommittee Chairman D
ENT and 
Ranking Member B ISHOP for their hard work in 
shepherding this important legislation to the floor. 
I offer the Jackson Lee Amendment be-
cause I believe reducing and eliminating homelessness among veterans, those who risked their lives to protect our freedom, should also be one of the nation’s highest pri-orities. 
Homelessness among the American veteran 
population is on the rise in the United States and we must be proactive in giving back to 
those who have given so much to us. 
My amendment will help remind us of our 
obligation to provide our veterans the assist-ance needed to avoid homelessness, which includes adequately funding for programs Vet-erans Administration Supportive Housing VASH) that provide case-management serv-ices, adequate housing facilities, mental health support, and address other areas that con-tribute to veteran homelessness. 
VASH is a jointly-administered permanent 
supportive housing program for disabled Vet-erans experiencing homelessness in which VA medical Centers provide referrals and case management while Public Housing Agencies (PHAs) administer the Section 8 housing vouchers. 
Mr. Chair, our veterans deserve the best 
services available, and I believe that we could be doing much more for them. 
Today, in our country, there are approxi-
mately 107,000 veterans (male and female) who are homeless on any given night. And perhaps twice as many (200,000) experience homelessness at some point during the course of a year. 
Many other veterans are considered near 
homeless or at risk because of their poverty, lack of support from family and friends, and dismal living conditions in cheap hotels or in overcrowded or substandard housing. 
While significant progress has been made, 
ending homelessness among veterans re-mains a big challenge. 
In my hometown of Houston for example, 
between the years 2010 and 2012, the num-ber of homeless veterans increased from 771 to 1,162. 
We must remain vigilant and continue to 
fight for those who put on the uniform and fought for us. 
Providing a home for veterans to come 
home to every night is the very least we can do. 
Mr. Chair, programs like VASH have suc-
ceeded in changing lives. In 2012 alone, 35,905 veterans lived in the public housing provided by VASH. 
I have seen the impact of such grants in my 
home state of Texas, and within my congres-sional district in Houston, and I am sure that this funding has positively impacted many communities across this country. 
In Texas, there are committed groups in 
Houston, working to eradicate the issue of homelessness. 
For example, the Michael E. DeBakey VA 
Medical Center has been involved in changing veterans’ lives in a mighty way by providing Veterans and their families with access to af-fordable housing and medical services that will help them get back on their feet. 
Mr. Chair, we cannot let this issue of home-
lessness continue. 
I urge my colleagues to support the Jackson 
Lee Amendment and commit ourselves to the hard but necessary work of ending veteran homelessness in America. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON  
LEE). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 6 OFFERED BY MR . ROE OF  
TENNESSEE  
Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Chairman, 
I have an amendment at the desk. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:13 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00110 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29AP7.108 H29APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2613 April 29, 2015 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
SEC. ll. Not more than $4,400,000 of the 
funds provided by this Act under the heading ‘‘Department of Veterans Affairs—Depart-mental Administration—General Adminis-tration’’ may be used for the Office of Con-gressional and Legislative Affairs, and the amount otherwise provided under such head-ing is hereby reduced by $1,500,000. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 223, the gentleman from Tennessee and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Tennessee. 
Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Chairman, 
I am offering this amendment that would cut $1.5 million from the budget of the VA’s Office of Congressional and Legislative Affairs, or OCLA. The OCLA is tasked with being the liaison between Congress and the VA. It is their job to provide information to Congress to help with casework and basic information. 
What is unfortunate is that, even 
after the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs’ investigation into the largest scandal in VA history continues, it is still the perception that the VA will do everything in its power to withhold in-formation to prevent negative news from being made public. Unfortunately, as many veterans can tell you, timeli-ness is not a word the VA understands or cares to learn. 
In VA’s budget submission, they as-
sert: ‘‘The mission of OCLA is to im-prove the lives of veterans and their families by advancing pro-veteran leg-islation and maintaining responsive and effective communications with Congress.’’ 
As of April 24, the Committee on Vet-
erans’ Affairs had 78 outstanding re-quests for information with OCLA, and over half of these have been pending for over 60 days. On average, it is now tak-ing the OCLA 69 days to respond to the committee’s requests. There is one that dates back all the way to 2012. These numbers do not reflect respon-sive or effective communications. What is even more disappointing is that the requests have gone unanswered despite the fact that the OCLA’s budget has gone up by 36 percent since fiscal year 2009. 
I understand that other parts of the 
Federal Government, such as the Office of General Counsel, the Office of Man-agement and Budget, and in some cases, the President’s own staff may be delaying Congress’ requests for months. However, OCLA is chartered with being Congress’ connection to the rest of the VA, and, as such, they bear the burden of these untimely re-sponses. 
The current delays in getting infor-
mation to Congress is not a new phe-nomenon, as the VA Committee has now held three separate hearings that have exposed VA’s lack of transparency to Congress and showed that even when 
we do receive information we have re-quested, it is so old or so heavily re-dacted that it is basically useless. 
These requests are critically impor-
tant to Congress’ role in providing meaningful oversight over the second- largest agency in the Federal Govern-ment. It is our duty to be a strong check on the executive branch. While Secretary McDonald is trying every-thing he can to change the culture at the VA, Congress must send a message that providing answers to our ques-tions 69 days after we have requested it is simply unacceptable to us, unaccept-able to the taxpayers, and, most impor-tantly, it is unacceptable to the vet-erans. Passage of this amendment would send that message. 
I thank Chairman D
ENTfor his hard 
work on this bill. 
Mr. DENT. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. ROE of Tennessee. I yield to the 
gentleman from Pennsylvania. 
Mr. DENT. Mr. Chair, I rise in sup-
port of the gentleman’s amendment. 
I certainly share Dr. R
OE’s frustra-
tion with the VA Congressional and Legislative Affairs Office stalling the delivery of important information Con-gress has requested to fulfill its over-sight responsibilities. 
Frankly, the only time I have seen 
that office act with lightning speed was in its delivery to all Members of the House last week in an inaccurate and critical portrayal of this appropria-tions bill. 
So, again, I support your amend-
ment. 
Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Chairman, 
I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. C
OSTELLO ) to speak 
on the amendment. 
Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. 
Chairman, I rise today in support of Dr. R
OE’s amendment to address the 
lack of accountability and trans-parency at the Department of Veterans Affairs Office of Congressional and Legislative Affairs. 
As the gentleman from Tennessee 
mentioned, OCLA is meant to serve as a bridge between Congress and the VA to help facilitate access to information that we, as a legislative body, request in our oversight role. 
Since I have been in Congress and a 
member of the Veterans’ Affairs Com-mittee all of 4 months, it is clear that more transparency is needed. 
Let me give you a clear example of a 
pending request, an unusually long unfulfilled request that is still out-standing. Back in December, as part of the committee’s continued investiga-tion into malfeasance at the Philadel-phia RO, the committee requested cop-ies of all EEO complaints and MSBP files that have been filed at this loca-tion since 2008. 
Late last year, we were told that the 
files were in boxes and ready to be shipped to Washington, D.C., for our re-view. It is now 5 months later, and after numerous requests, we have only received a few of the files we requested. The inability of the VA to provide 
these documents is mind-boggling. I don’t know how else to describe it. 
The bottom line is: ignoring reason-
able, relevant requests is unacceptable. There has to be accountability. This amendment does that. It does not im-pact or diminish in any way the treat-ment and care of our veterans. I urge adoption of Dr. R
OE’s amendment to 
demand accountability. 
Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Chairman, 
I urge my colleagues to adopt this amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. I claim the 
time in opposition. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman is 
recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Chair, I 
think that the concerns raised by the gentleman in offering the amendment are perhaps well taken from time to time. But I think this amendment is punitive. I think it is counter-productive. And I think it is going to make it much more difficult to get the results that the gentleman is seeking. 
Because of that, I think that the 
amendment should be defeated. It is a bad amendment. And I think it would be bad for morale for the Department. And I think it would be bad generally for the public. I urge opposition and a ‘‘no’’ vote on this amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Tennessee (Mr. R
OE). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . POCAN  
Mr. POCAN. Mr. Chair, I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
Mr. DENT. Mr. Chair, I reserve a 
point of order on the gentleman’s amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A point of order 
is reserved. 
The Clerk will report the amend-
ment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
in this Act may be used to withhold any re-port of an Inspector General from any mem-ber of Congress in any case where the mem-ber of Congress has requested that such re-port be provided. 
Mr. POCAN (during the reading). Mr. 
Chair, I ask unanimous consent that the amendment be considered as read. 
The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection 
to the request of the gentleman from Wisconsin? 
Mr. DENT. I object to the unanimous 
consent. I don’t know which amend-ment we are talking about here. 
The Acting CHAIR. Objection is 
heard. 
The Clerk will report the amend-
ment. 
The Clerk continued to read. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 223, the gentleman from Wisconsin and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Wisconsin. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:13 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00111 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29AP7.112 H29APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2614 April 29, 2015 
Mr. POCAN. Mr. Chair, I thank Sub-
committee Chairman D ENTand Rank-
ing Member B ISHOP for all of their 
work on this bill. 
This amendment is a simple amend-
ment to make sure that Members of Congress have access to inspector gen-eral reports, should they request one. 
We recently came across this issue 
when there was a bipartisan field hear-ing in Tomah, Wisconsin, regarding the Tomah VA facility. 
The Veterans Affairs Office of Inspec-
tor General had a report regarding the overprescription of opiates resulting in multiple deaths in the area. And in this case, the VA Office of Inspector Gen-eral completed a report that uncovered these practices, and they gave the rec-ommendations to the local and re-gional manager. However, the report and these recommendations were never reported to the Department of Vet-erans Affairs Secretary Bob McDonald, any congressional committees of juris-diction, or the public, as the report was administratively closed. What is more, the initial report was requested by a Member of the House of Representa-tives, and the VA Office of Inspector General failed to even provide the com-pleted report to the Member of Con-gress. 
Ultimately, that Member of Congress 
had to do a Freedom of Information re-quest, a very unusual request, in order to get a copy of that report. Instead, it was left largely to local facilities to implement the recommended changes without any oversight from the Sec-retary of the Department of Veterans Affairs or from the Members of Con-gress who had specifically requested that report. It is all about sunlight. I think we function better if we could have that information. And we should make sure that those reports are avail-able to every Member of Congress. This amendment would simply make sure that no funds can be expended in with-holding a report, as this report was in the State of Wisconsin. 
I yield back the balance of my time. 
POINT OF ORDER  
Mr. DENT. Mr. Chairman, I make a 
point of order against the amendment because it proposes to change existing law and constitutes legislation in an appropriations bill and, therefore, vio-lates clause 2 of rule XXI. 
The rule states in pertinent part: ‘‘An amendment to a general appro-
priation bill shall not be in order if changing existing law.’’ 
The amendment imposes additional 
duties. 
Therefore, I would request a ruling 
from the Chair. 
The Acting CHAIR. Does any other 
Member wish to be heard on the point of order? 
If not, the Chair will rule. As the Chair ruled on an analogous 
amendment on June 13, 2011, this amendment includes language requir-ing a new determination by the rel-evant executive branch official of the current membership of a body in the legislative branch. The amendment, 
therefore, constitutes legislation in violation of clause 2 of rule XXI. 
The point of order is sustained, and 
the amendment is not in order. 
b1900 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MRS . NOEM  
Mrs. NOEM. Mr. Chairman, I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used to end, suspend, or relocate hospital-based services with respect to a health care facility of the Department of Veterans Affairs that is— 
(1) the subject of an environmental impact 
statement in accordance with the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.); 
(2) designated as a National Historic Land-
mark by the National Park Service; and 
(3) located in a highly rural area. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 223, the gentlewoman from South Dakota and a Member op-posed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from South Dakota. 
Mrs. NOEM. Mr. Chairman, the De-
partment of Veterans Affairs is en-trusted with the protection of a mul-titude of historic facilities. As I noted last year during debate on the VA’s budget, the National Trust for Historic Preservation has found serious defi-ciencies in the manner in which the VA operates these facilities. 
These VA facilities, especially the 
medical facilities, are more important than ever. We are seeing thousands of veterans returning home after fighting in conflicts abroad, many suffering from chronic service-related injuries. The last thing we want to do is to force these veterans to travel hundreds of miles to receive treatment, as is often the case in rural States like South Da-kota. 
The health of these historic medical 
facilities is directly connected to our veterans’ health, and this amendment would prohibit the VA from curtailing healthcare services at the historic fa-cilities located in rural areas. 
I thank the chairman and his staff 
for all of their assistance on this amendment, and I urge everyone’s sup-port for this amendment as well. 
Mr. DENT. Will the gentlewoman 
yield? 
Mrs. NOEM. I yield to the gentleman 
from Pennsylvania. 
Mr. DENT. Mr. Chairman, I am aware 
the South Dakota delegation has been struggling with the VA’s determina-tion to move services out of historic fa-cilities into a new geographic area. We had language in last year’s bill forcing the VA to do a full analysis of the con-sequences of the facility moving. 
I have no objection to including the 
amendment Representative N
OEMis of-
fering this year. 
Mrs. NOEM. I thank the gentleman. I 
appreciate those words of support. It certainly is important to the veterans 
in our State and in many States across the country that often find it very dif-ficult to travel to local VA facilities, but now, with the closure of some of these facilities, they would have to travel hundreds of miles. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from South Dakota (Mrs. N
OEM). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . POCAN  
Mr. POCAN. Mr. Chairman, I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following new section: 
SEC. 5ll. None of the funds made avail-
able in this Act may be used to enter into a contract with any person whose disclosures of a proceeding with a disposition listed in section 2313(c)(1) of title 41, United States Code, in the Federal Awardee Performance and Integrity Information System include the term ‘‘Fair Labor Standards Act’’. 
Mr. POCAN (during the reading). Mr. 
Chair, I ask unanimous consent that the amendment be considered read. 
The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection 
to the request of the gentleman from Wisconsin? 
There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 223, the gentleman from Wisconsin and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Wisconsin. 
Mr. POCAN. Mr. Chairman, hope-
fully, the second time is the charm. This is an amendment on behalf of my-self, Representative E
LLISON , and the 
Congressional Progressive Caucus. 
This amendment would bar taxpayer 
dollars from going to companies that have recent wage theft convictions or civil penalties reported in the govern-ment’s contracting database. 
No hard-working American should 
ever have to worry that their employer will refuse to pay his or her work, over-time, or take money out of their pay-check, especially if they work for a Federal contractor. 
As a small-business owner who has 
had previous contracts, it is not a right, but an earned responsibility and privilege to have these contracts, and any employer that would do wage theft—which is considered to pay less than the minimum wage, to be short-ing someone their hours, being forced to work off the clock, not being paid overtime, or not being paid at all— should not be able to get these Federal contracts. 
A recent National Employment Law 
Project survey found that 21 percent of Federal contract workers were not paid overtime, and 11 percent have been forced to work off the clock. Eighteen Federal contractors were recipients of one of the largest 100 penalties issued 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:13 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00112 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29AP7.115 H29APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2615 April 29, 2015 
by the Occupational Safety and Health 
Administration of the Department of Labor between 2007 and 2012, and al-most half of the total initial penalty dollars assessed for OSHA violations were against companies holding Fed-eral contracts in 2012. 
Overall, 49 Federal contractors re-
sponsible for large violations of Fed-eral labor laws were cited for 1,776 sep-arate violations of these laws and paid $196 million in penalties and assess-ments; yet, just in fiscal year 2012, these same companies were awarded $81 billion in taxpayer dollars. 
The Federal Government cannot look 
the other way when Federal contrac-tors take advantage of their employ-ees. Those who violate the Fair Labor Standards Act deserve more than a slap on the wrist; they don’t deserve to do business with the government any-more. Those contractors who engage in wage theft should not be rewarded with contracts to do business with the Fed-eral Government. 
This was included in last year’s ap-
propriation. We would appreciate con-sideration again in this year’s appro-priation, to make sure that we are pro-
tecting the workers for these Federal contractors. 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. DENT. Mr. Chairman, I rise in 
opposition to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. DENT. Mr. Chairman, I do have 
some concerns with this amendment. As I read it, it appears to be a ‘‘one strike and you are out’’ type amend-ment. 
Mr. WALBERG. Will the gentleman 
yield? 
Mr. DENT. I yield to the gentleman 
from Michigan. 
Mr. WALBERG. I thank the chair-
man. I appreciate the concern that my colleague has on this issue. I know it is sincere. I think there is every one in this Chamber that has concerns that our laborers, our employees, and indi-vidual citizens be treated fairly and treated with respect, safety, and all of the rest by their employers. 
Mr. Chairman, we all agree that bad 
actors who deny workers basic protec-tions, including wage and overtime pay, shouldn’t be rewarded with gov-ernment contracts funded by taxpayer dollars. That is a given. 
There is a suspension and disbarment 
process already in place under current law. If an employer has a history of bad behavior, Federal agencies know about it and have the authority to deny that employer Federal contracts. My ques-tion is: Has anyone suggested the cur-rent process isn’t working? I don’t be-lieve so, Mr. Chairman. 
Earlier this year, we held a joint sub-
committee hearing, in fact, on this issue in relation to the President’s ex-ecutive order that functions to black-list Federal contractors for alleged Federal and State labor law violations, including the FLSA. The committee received a substan-
tial load of evidence regarding the in-herent flaws of the President’s execu-tive order, which, like this amendment, supersedes agencies’ current authority to exclude problematic contractors, causing significant delays and disrup-tion to the Federal procurement sys-tem. 
There is agreement on both sides of 
the aisle that the FLSA is the corner-stone of workers’ wage and hour pro-tections, but in many ways, the regula-tions implementing the law are flawed and outdated. 
For that reason, we have asked for 
consideration with the President, with the administration, the Department of Labor, both sides of the aisle, to look at reforming and fixing the Fair Labor Standards Act that has been in place an awful long time before present prac-tices and doesn’t fit with the 21st cen-tury workplace. 
A report by the Government Ac-
countability Office found that litiga-tion stemming from FLSA claims con-tinues to be a significant problem. These aren’t all from bad actors, but in many cases, it comes—if not most cases—from an employer trying to keep up with present law, present func-tions, and present regulations that don’t even fit with FLSA. 
Mr. Chairman, I would ask my col-
leagues to reject this amendment. We have in place opportunities now that can and should be used. We even have instances where the Labor Department has violated, and, under this amend-ment that is being offered, they would be held at risk as well. 
It is not an amendment that is need-
ed; it is an amendment that will dis-rupt the process, and it is an amend-ment that will not move us forward and really make changes with FLSA that can and should be made. 
I urge rejection. Mr. DENT. Mr. Chairman, I reserve 
the balance of my time. 
Mr. POCAN. Mr. Chairman, I would 
just like to say I agree with the gen-tleman. I was at the hearing, and I heard the conversation that was there. The difference we had is that the hear-ing—I understand there was a disagree-ment with the executive order, but I would hate for us to confuse the dis-agreement with the executive order with the action that we can do here in Congress. 
We had concluded this last year in 
the appropriations bill, the exact same language, to the best of my under-standing; and I know that, since then, there has been an executive order that we are trying to have a conversation with the executive branch about. 
However, it is not fair to the contrac-
tors who abide by the law that, when you bid against someone who doesn’t abide by the law because they are shortchanging their employees, that makes it an unfair practice. 
We think the bottom line is we 
should be protecting those good con-tractors; we should be protecting the employees who don’t get their fair pay; 
and, despite any disagreement we might have with the executive branch, I think we should, at minimum, as a Congress, stand up for those workers and for those good contractors. 
Mr. Chairman, I have been in busi-
ness for 28 years as a small-business owner. I know that, when I bid on something, I want to know I am at a fair and even playing field. 
We are not making a fair playing 
field when you have this number of people who are getting violations who already get Federal contracts and are really getting a slap on the hand, $196 million in penalties versus 81 billion in taxpayer dollars in contracts awarded. 
Clearly, there is an imbalance, and 
that becomes a cost to business for a bad company, but you are punishing the good companies and the good work-ers by doing that. 
I would certainly hope that we would 
support this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. DENT. Mr. Chairman, I will try 
to keep it brief. 
I do have concerns about the amend-
ment. There is an agreement on both sides of the aisle that the FLSA is the cornerstone of workers’ wage and hour protections, but in many ways, the reg-ulations implementing the law are flawed and outdated. A report by the GAO found that litigation stemming from the FLSA claims continue to be a significant problem. 
These aren’t all bad actors. Often, 
they are employers trying to do the right thing, but are simply tripped up by an overly complex regulatory struc-ture. 
I would urge opposition, and I yield 
back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Wisconsin (Mr. P
OCAN ). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. POCAN. Mr. Chairman, I demand 
a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Wisconsin will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 5 OFFERED BY MR . RATCLIFFE  
Mr. RATCLIFFE. Mr. Chairman, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), add the following new section: 
SEC. 5ll. None of the funds made avail-
able by this Act may be used to propose, plan for, or execute a new or additional Base Re-alignment and Closure (BRAC) round. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 223, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. R
ATCLIFFE ) and a 
Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Texas. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:13 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00113 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29AP7.120 H29APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2616 April 29, 2015 
Mr. RATCLIFFE. Mr. Chairman, I 
would like to thank Chairman D ENT 
and Ranking Member B ISHOP for their 
hard work on behalf of the 57,000 vet-erans in my district and on behalf of veterans and servicemembers across the country. 
I am also grateful for the support of 
Congressmen M
ACARTHUR , HURD, and 
NORCROSS in offering this bipartisan 
amendment, one which would simply prohibit any funds made available in this act from being used to propose or execute a new or additional round of BRAC. 
Mr. Chairman, I am honored to rep-
resent the Fourth Congressional Dis-trict of Texas, home to the Red River Army Depot. The depot has supported the warfighters since 1941. Although the depot community has weathered many changes over the years, their commitment to mission remains the same. It is reflected on the placard placed in each of the vehicles there which reads, ‘‘We build it as if our lives depend on it. Theirs do.’’ 
The Red River Army Depot is a vital 
job creator in northeast Texas, and it is a critical component of our national defense. 
Mr. Chairman, in this fiscal environ-
ment, we need to be careful stewards of taxpayer dollars and focus our limited resources on addressing critical na-tional security objectives and military readiness. Having another round of BRAC won’t help us achieve this goal. 
In fact, the Government Account-
ability Office reports that the last round of BRAC in 2005 cost the Amer-ican taxpayers $35.1 billion, which was 67 percent more than the original cost estimate. 
At the same time, the expected sav-
ings from the last round of BRAC were 73 percent less than was advertised. Starting another round of BRAC would weaken our capabilities and increase our vulnerability in the face of the critical threats facing our Nation. 
I would like to thank my colleagues 
who have supported this amendment. 
Mr. DENT. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. RATCLIFFE. I yield to the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania. 
Mr. DENT. I want to let the gen-
tleman know I support the amendment. 
Mr. RATCLIFFE. I thank the gen-
tleman. I would like to yield the re-mainder of my time to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. M
ACARTHUR ). 
b1915 
Mr. MacARTHUR. Mr. Chairman, I 
thank the gentleman from Texas. 
I have been fighting against BRAC 
since January, when I led a bipartisan letter urging then-Defense Secretary Hagel to not call for another round of base closures. But a BRAC was in-cluded in the President’s budget, and here we are today. 
Along with the gentleman from 
Texas, I am bringing this amendment and fighting against BRAC for two rea-sons: 
First, BRAC is not cost effective. As 
was mentioned, the 2005 BRAC was sup-posed to cost $21 billion. Just a few 
years later, it has now skyrocketed to $35 billion. On top of that, the savings were reduced by 73 percent. So it cost the taxpayers more and saved them less. Once more, the Department of De-fense won’t even recoup its upfront costs until 2018, 13 years after it start-ed. 
And second, I oppose BRAC because 
it destroys local economies. I know this all too well as Fort Monmouth in my home State was shuttered in 2005. That area is still recovering from the loss. 
My district is home to Joint Base 
McGuire-Dix-Lakehurst, which is re-sponsible for 105,000 local jobs in south-ern New Jersey. It is a $7 billion im-pact on just one local community. Like so many other military bases around the country, it is the backbone of our community. If it is closed, the area would be devastated. 
Spending more, saving less, ruining 
local economies, and reducing our mili-tary capability should not be done based on what we know today. In clos-ing, I urge passage of this amendment. 
Mr. RATCLIFFE. I yield such time as 
he may consume to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. H
URD). 
Mr. HURD of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I 
am proud to cosponsor this amendment alongside my colleague from Texas, the honorable J
OHNRATCLIFFE , and my col-
league from New Jersey, the Honorable T
OMMACARTHUR . 
Government action that both wastes 
the taxpayer dollars and hurts local economies just doesn’t make sense, es-pecially when the same action nega-tively impacts national security. But that is precisely what another round of base realignment and closures would 
do. 
Laughlin Air Force Base, located 
near Del Rio, Texas, in the 23rd Con-gressional District of Texas, is respon-sible for training more Air Force pilots than any other base in the world. It is an integral component of our Nation’s military readiness, and they are a vital part of Del Rio’s economy and commu-nity. Yet every year they wait to see if the powers that be up here have de-cided in their infinite wisdom to put Laughlin Air Force Base back on the chopping block, devastating Del Rio and endangering our Nation’s air supe-riority. 
I encourage my colleagues to support 
this amendment, which will prohibit funds from being used to propose, plan, or execute another round of BRAC clo-sures. Protecting our military readi-ness in communities such as Del Rio is vital. 
Mr. RATCLIFFE. I yield back the 
balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. R
ATCLIFFE ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . GRAYSON  
Mr. GRAYSON. Mr. Chairman, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used to enter into a con-tract with any offeror or any of its principals if the offeror certifies, as required by Federal Acquisition Regulation, that the offeror or any of its principals: 
(A) within a three-year period preceding 
this offer has been convicted of or had a civil judgment rendered against it for: commis-sion of fraud or a criminal offense in connec-tion with obtaining, attempting to obtain, or performing a public (Federal, State, or local) contract or subcontract; violation of Federal or State antitrust statutes relating to the submission of offers; or commission of em-bezzlement, theft, forgery, bribery, falsifica-tion or destruction of records, making false statements, tax evasion, violating Federal criminal tax laws, or receiving stolen prop-erty; or 
(B) are presently indicted for, or otherwise 
criminally or civilly charged by a govern-mental entity with, commission of any of the offenses enumerated above in subsection (A); or 
(C) within a three-year period preceding 
this offer, has been notified of any delin-quent Federal taxes in an amount that ex-ceeds $3,000 for which the liability remains unsatisfied. 
Mr. GRAYSON (during the reading). 
Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous con-sent to waive the reading of the amend-ment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection 
to the request of the gentleman from Florida? 
There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 223, the gentleman from Florida and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Florida. 
Mr. GRAYSON. Mr. Chairman, this 
amendment is identical to other amendments that were inserted by voice vote into every appropriations bill that was considered under an open rule during the 113th Congress. My amendment expands the list of parties with whom the Federal Government is prohibited from contracting due to se-rious misconduct on the part of the contractors. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Florida (Mr. G
RAYSON ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . HURD OF TEXAS  
Mr. HURD of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used in contravention of subtitle D of title VIII of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 223, the gentleman from Texas and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:13 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00114 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29AP7.123 H29APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2617 April 29, 2015 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Texas. 
Mr. HURD of Texas. Mr. Chairman, 
one thing we can all agree on is our veterans deserve better. For far too long, our Nation’s veterans have failed to receive the health care they have earned and the health care they have needed. 
One of the reasons is due to the VA’s 
inability to join the 21st century when it comes to information technology. Something as simple as allowing a vet-eran’s medical records to be available digitally to their health care providers shouldn’t be something beyond the ca-pabilities of the greatest Nation in the world. 
My amendment ensures the Depart-
ment of Veterans Affairs and their chief information officer will take the appropriate steps and get the VA mov-ing in the right direction. It will create accountability with their acquisition and use of information technology. 
Let’s do what is right and make sure 
the VA is using the right technology to ensure that our veterans are getting timely, quality care. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. H
URD). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . ROE OF  
TENNESSEE  
Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Chairman, 
I have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used to pay an award or bonus under chapter 45 or 53 of title 5, United States Code, to any employee of the Office of Construction and Facilities Management of the Department of Veterans Affairs. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 223, the gentleman from Tennessee and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Tennessee. 
Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Chairman, 
I am offering an amendment that would prevent bonuses from being awarded to the Office of Construction & Facilities Management, the branch of the Department of Veterans Affairs in charge of all construction projects costing more than $10 million and which is perhaps the least deserving of performance bonuses in the entire agency. 
In January, the House Veterans’ Af-
fairs Committee held a hearing to ex-amine the enormous shortcomings of this office. We found that construction of a VA hospital in Denver—Aurora, to be specific—is projected to outpace the budget by $1 billion. This project that started supposedly in 2010 was supposed to be completed in 2013. The original budget was $600 million, with a $10 mil-lion change order. Now they estimate the completion date is 2017. Mr. Chairman, the Romans built the 
Colosseum in 8 years, and I don’t think they were $1 billion over budget. That is $1,700 a square foot to build this hos-pital. Can you imagine how many vet-erans the VA could have treated with $1 billion. That is 1,000 million dollars. 
How many doctors and nurses could 
have been hired with $1 billion that the VA’s Office of Construction & Facili-ties Management has set fire to? The answer is: a lot. 
The Denver project, if that was just 
it, that would be fine, but it is not an isolated incident. 
In Orlando, a hospital project ini-
tially estimated to cost $254 million is almost 5 years behind schedule and projected to be $372 million over budg-et. That is 143 percent overrun. 
In New Orleans, a major hospital 
being built to replace a VA facility lost to Hurricane Katrina was initially esti-
mated to cost $625 million and is just over halfway completed, running 66 percent over budget at a cost of a whopping $1.035 billion. 
And in Las Vegas, a hospital initially 
projected to cost $325 million is almost complete after being delayed for more than 7 years, coming in $260 million over budget. 
These four projects alone have wast-
ed billions of dollars of taxpayer money and delayed the delivery of health care to veterans for almost 14 years. 
If this is the performance we should 
expect, the VA really has no business being in the construction industry. My friend, Congressman C
OFFMAN , who 
chairs the House Veterans’ Affairs Committee Oversight and Investigation Subcommittee and represents the Den-ver area, has introduced legislation that would allow construction to con-tinue at Denver while placing the re-sponsibility of any further future VA construction projects over $10 million in the hands of the Army Corps of En-gineers, who have a great track record, I might add. 
I hope that we are able to consider an 
approach like Mr. C
OFFMAN ’s and clean 
up this mess once and for all. But in the interim, it is critical that we send a message to this office that business as usual can’t be tolerated. 
The VA branch responsible for these 
cost overruns and delays should not have jobs in the construction realm, much less receive performance bo-nuses. This amendment would see that the taxpayer does not pay for perform-ance bonuses to an office that has caused more harm than good. 
I urge adoption of this amendment, 
Mr. Chairman, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. 
Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Chair-
man, I claim the time in opposition, al-though I do not oppose the gentleman’s amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-
tion, the gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Chair-
man, I think we are all very, very dis-turbed by what has happened with Den-
ver, and we are also disturbed about the practices of the construction office. But I just wanted to take this oppor-tunity to maybe kind of clarify what 
has happened in response to try to mitigate the situation. 
In January, Deputy Secretary Sloan 
Gibson announced the restructuring of the Office of Construction & Facilities Management, having them report di-rectly to the Deputy Secretary through the Office of Management. 
The VA also initiated an administra-
tive investigative board in January to find the truth and to document the misconduct on the project. Secretary Gibson has included the VA Office of General Counsel in the review, and the administrative investigative board is expected to complete its review and make recommendations to the Deputy Secretary this month. 
Additionally, the U.S. Corps of Engi-
neers is conducting a separate review of the VA’s Construction office to evaluate the structure and the proc-esses so that changes can be made in the future. 
I just thought that the R
ECORD ought 
to be set straight that everyone is dis-gusted with the way that these projects have been handled and that we are taking steps, and the Department is taking steps, to make sure that this bad situation is corrected. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Chairman, 
I would say—and I agree with that; I am on the Veterans’ Affairs Com-mittee—I have been involved person-ally in four hospitals being built in my hometown. All came in on time, under budget. 
When you have a bank, a lender, 
lending you money, they will stop you from going this much over budget. That is exactly what we didn’t have here. I cannot imagine spending $1 bil-lion more to build a facility and then maybe offering someone a bonus. 
There are some measures being put 
in right now, but right now I think— and I appreciate the gentleman not ob-jecting to this amendment—we need to make sure this never happens again to waste the taxpayers’ money. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Tennessee (Mr. R
OE). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . STIVERS  
Mr. STIVERS. Mr. Chairman, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used to pay the salary of any employee of the Department of Veterans Affairs who is a member of an Amputee Clin-ic Team (as described in VHA Handbook 1173.3, ‘‘Amputee Clinic Teams and Artificial Limbs’’, dated June 4, 2004) and who is not credentialed in accordance with VHA Direc-tive 2012-030, ‘‘Credentialing of Health Care Professionals’’, issued on October 11, 2012. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:13 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00115 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29AP7.132 H29APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2618 April 29, 2015 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 223, the gentleman from Ohio and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Ohio. 
b1930 
Mr. STIVERS. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
today in support of my amendment, which would help ensure that VA orthotists and prosthetists, who are re-sponsible for caring for our veterans, are fully qualified and are able to per-form the duties entrusted to them. 
This February, the CBS affiliate in 
Columbus, Ohio, ran a story exposing flaws at the Chalmers P. Wylie VA Am-bulatory Care Center, which serves constituents from my district. The story revealed that dozens of vet-erans—and possibly many more—who have not come forward had received in-effective care by uncertified prosthetists. One veteran was even told that his fitting was supposed to be painful. After several unsuccessful vis-its, he turned to a non-VA provider, Willow Wood, which is near Columbus, Ohio, where he was immediately pro-vided with a successful, pain-free fit-ting. 
The VA does claim to be following a 
credentialing directive, which is VA di-rective 2012–030. Mr. Chairman, I will soon be introducing comprehensive leg-islation to address this issue, but in the meantime, this amendment would force the VA to honor its word by en-suring that no salaries are paid to uncertified prosthetists and orthotists. Our veterans have made tremendous sacrifices for our country, and they de-serve the best. 
Mr. DENT. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. STIVERS. I yield to the gen-
tleman. 
Mr. DENT. I support the amendment. Mr. STIVERS. That was easy. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Ohio (Mr. S
TIVERS ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . BYRNE  
Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Chairman, I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used to transfer any funds from the Veterans Choice Fund estab-lished by section 802 of the Veterans Access, Choice, and Accountability Act of 2014 (Pub-lic Law 113–146; 128 Stat. 1802). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 223, the gentleman from Alabama and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Alabama. 
Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
today to offer an important clarifying amendment that will help ensure our Nation’s veterans have the choices 
they deserve when seeking medical care. 
Last year, Congress passed the Vet-
erans Access, Choice, and Account-ability Act. In addition to many impor-tant reforms, this bill created a VA Choice Card program. Under the law, veterans who are experiencing wait times of more than 30 days or who live more than 40 miles from a VA facility can seek private care. This was great news for veterans all across the Nation who had been stuck in a backlog or who lived a significant distance from a VA clinic. Like many of my colleagues, I praised this legislation as a major step forward. Unfortunately, due to a self-serving interpretation, the VA has put up barriers that restrict veterans’ access to private care. 
First, the VA calculated the 40-mile 
requirement in a straight line, or as the crow flies, instead of calculating based on driving distance. After much pushback from veterans’ organizations and from Members of Congress, the VA recently changed the interpretation to driving distance. I applaud the VA for making that change. However, the VA is still misinterpreting the law. The VA says, if a veteran lives 40 miles from a VA facility of any kind regard-less of what services are offered, then he is not eligible for private care. My district paints a good picture of why this is problematic. 
We have a VA outpatient clinic in 
Mobile that only provides minimal services, but the VA claims that, since that clinic is there, our veterans can-not seek private care even if the serv-ices they need are not provided by the local clinic. That is especially frus-trating because Mobile is home to a number of large, first class hospitals which could provide adequate care to our veterans. For example, if a veteran needed orthopedic surgery, he would be forced to travel to Pensacola or to Bi-loxi to seek that care even though he could get that surgery done right in his hometown. That is not how the legisla-tion was intended to work. 
Recently, VA Secretary Bob McDon-
ald asked Congress for the ability to shift money away from the VA Choice Card program into other accounts. I am disappointed that the Secretary would already be giving up on this pro-gram while it is still in its infancy. It is even more frustrating considering that one of the biggest obstacles to the program’s success is the VA’s own self- serving interpretation. My simple amendment would clarify that the VA cannot move money out of the Choice Program account. We need to give this program time to work and allow vet-erans access to private care instead of forcing them to travel hundreds of miles out of the way to receive care. 
Additionally, I have introduced 
stand-alone legislation, which is sup-ported by Republicans and Democrats from 15 different States, that would correct the VA’s interpretation and make clear that veterans are eligible for private care when they live more 
than 40 miles from a VA facility that provides the care the veterans need. 
I am optimistic that the House will 
act on this commonsense bill. Today, I urge my colleagues to support my amendment. Let’s prevent the VA from transferring funds away from the Choice Card program, and let’s work together to give our veterans the choices they need and deserve when seeking medical treatment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Alabama (Mr. B
YRNE ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . GOSAR  
Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chairman, I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used to— 
(1) carry out the memorandum from the 
Veterans Benefit Administration known as Fast Letter 13-10, issued on May 20, 2013; or 
(2) create or maintain any patient record- 
keeping system other than those currently approved by the Department of Veterans Af-fairs Central Office in Washington, D.C. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 223, the gentleman from Arizona and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Arizona. 
Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chairman, last year, 
in the midst of the explosive allega-tions about the Phoenix VA’s keeping secondary unofficial records of claims and appointment requests, I offered a similar amendment that passed this body which prohibited funds from being used to create or to maintain unofficial recordkeeping systems at the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs. This year, I am proud, once again, to offer this commonsense policy with the support of my friend and colleague from Geor-gia. 
As many of you know, several whis-
tleblowers came forward with allega-tions that the Phoenix Veterans Af-fairs Healthcare System had been using secondary unofficial records of vet-erans claims and appointment requests to misrepresent the actual wait times that veterans faced as they sought health care. Some employees within the VA even received bonuses as a re-
sult of these manipulations. It is unfor-tunate that, over the past year, many of these once unthinkable allegations have become substantiated. 
Recently, an inspector general’s in-
vestigation uncovered actual memos from VA leadership that encouraged this type of behavior. This is out-rageous. The memo I speak of is known as the ‘‘Fast Letter 13–10,’’ and it was handed down directly from the Office of the Director of Veterans Benefits Administration to the Philadelphia VA Regional Office. 
I am appalled but not totally sur-
prised to learn of this memo. I have 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:13 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00116 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29AP7.136 H29APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2619 April 29, 2015 
said this before, but it is sad that we 
have to pass amendments to prevent this type of behavior. When govern-ment bureaucrats don’t use good judg-ment or common sense, Congress must address these issues. No matter what the investigation shows and no matter who was involved, this practice must be prevented in the future. 
This amendment would prohibit the 
practice of altering or falsifying vet-erans wait-time data pursuant to the Fast Letter or any other purpose. We should have only one, uniform patient recordkeeping system within the VA in order to provide accountability as well as uniformity and to prevent employee manipulation. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
amendment, and I thank the distin-guished Chair and ranking member. 
Mr. DENT. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. GOSAR. I yield to the gentleman 
from Pennsylvania. 
Mr. DENT. I do not think any of us 
wants to allow the VA funds to be used in any way that would falsify records on the claims backlog. I have no objec-tion to the amendment. 
Mr. GOSAR. I thank the distin-
guished chairman. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield the balance of 
my time to the gentleman from Geor-gia (Mr. C
ARTER ). 
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Chair-
man, veterans continue to be one of the most neglected groups in our country. These men and women have sacrificed their lives to ensure that our values and principles remain true; yet we still have people within the VA system who neglect these sacrifices and who dis-regard these men and women. 
As my colleague from Arizona men-
tioned, this flawed guidance from the VA headquarters is wrong and com-pletely disrespectful to our country’s veterans. The memo that was issued by the VA, commonly known as ‘‘Fast Letter 13–10,’’ was a deliberate attempt to make VA bureaucrats appear as if they were delivering services and bene-fits to veterans faster than they really were. Through these internal actions, some VA offices were ‘‘eliminating’’ the backlog of benefit claims with a stroke of a pen. 
Just because you lie about the de-
tails does not make the problem dis-appear. With one memo, the VA man-agers disregarded every performance measure that had been put in place to protect our veterans and their benefits. Mr. Chairman, I believe this brings up a large point—the problems within the Federal civil service and, as an em-ployee within the VA stated, the dys-functional culture of management cor-ruption. 
For the time being, we must address 
this issue. I join my friend from Ari-zona in offering this amendment. We must ensure that VA managers care for our veterans in a timely and effective manner. I urge my colleagues to sup-port this amendment. 
Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Arizona (Mr. G
OSAR ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . HILL 
Mr. HILL. Mr. Chairman, I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title) add the following new section: 
SEC. 5ll. None of the funds made avail-
able by this Act may be used by the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs to carry out any new Key Renewable VA Energy Project under the Department’s Green Management Programs. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 223, the gentleman from Arkansas and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Arkansas. 
Mr. HILL. Mr. Chairman, in 2012, an 
award of $8 million was provided to de-sign and build a 1.8-megawatt solar system at the John L. McClellan VA Medical Center in Little Rock, Arkan-sas. It has been almost 2 years since that planned activation was to begin operating. However, reports in our local media have indicated that there is additional engineering and that it is not functioning and not operational. Further, sections of the solar panels for this system are now being torn down in order to be relocated to make way for a parking deck that was planned before the installation had begun of the solar panels. Many ques-tions remain unanswered about this project and when the VA plans to fully implement this supposed cost-saving system to provide energy for the facil-ity. 
Further, I found from the VA’s own 
Web site a list of 40 key energy projects that are designated as ‘‘works in progress’’ by the VA under its key re-newable energy program. Some of these date back to 2010; yet they have not been completed and have not been made operational. There are over 90 solar projects that have been funded under this program and 198 projects that have been funded under the VA’s Green Management Program. Some of these projects individually have cost the taxpayers up to $20 million. The Little Rock project is only projected to save $150,000 annually in energy costs, which would make the payback on that $8 million investment some 50 years. 
On April 8, I sent a letter to Sec-
retary McDonald, asking for answers about these solar systems, in Little Rock particularly, about the relocation of the panels at the facility, and about the activation date. Senator J
OHN 
BOOZMAN and I have called for an IG in-
vestigation into this project and into other aspects of the key renewable en-ergy program to ensure that the tax-payers’ hard-earned dollars are safe-guarded. 
This amendment would simply pre-
vent any new funding for these projects this fiscal year, allowing Congress the 
additional time to conduct oversight and allowing the VA to ensure that this program is effective. 
b1945 
It is essential that we demand ac-
countability and transparency when utilizing taxpayer dollars for these kinds of government projects. I urge the passage of this amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DENT. Mr. Chair, I claim the 
time in opposition. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. DENT. Mr. Chair, I rise reluc-
tantly in opposition to the amendment. I feel the gentleman’s amendment is a bit too broad. It is overly broad, in my view. I understand the gentleman’s frustration with the VA’s delay in get-ting the Little Rock solar panel project up and running. I certainly support the inspector general investigation into the problems. 
I am concerned that blocking all re-
newable energy projects, currently budgeted at $86 million for fiscal year 2016, would have the unintended impact of blocking some worthwhile projects that would save money, reduce energy consumption and greenhouse gas emis-sions. 
I would respectfully suggest maybe 
the gentleman would consider with-drawing the amendment, and we will try to work with him to get this amendment in a better form, one that we might be able to support. I just want to put that out there for his con-sideration at this time. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HILL. I thank the chairman for 
his comments. I appreciate his consid-eration. I would be happy to work with the gentleman to revise my amend-ment. 
Mr. Chair, I ask unanimous consent 
to withdraw my amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection 
to the request of the gentleman from Arkansas? 
There was no objection. Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Chair, I 
move to strike the last word. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman is 
recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Chair-
man, I just want to speak to this amendment. The VA Green Manage-ment Program is a sustainability pro-gram that integrates energy and water conservation, environmental compli-ance, vehicle fleet management, sus-tainable building design and operation, greenhouse gas management, and cli-mate change adaptation. 
Since its inception in 2007, the VA 
Green Management Program has re-duced VA’s energy costs from $504 mil-lion in 2010 to $459 million in 2014, de-spite significant growth in mission. Ad-ditionally, the Green Management Pro-gram has put in place energy perform-ance contracts requiring no appro-priated funds that will save VA over $9 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:13 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00117 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29AP7.141 H29APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2620 April 29, 2015 
million annually. Other significant 
achievements include it reduced VA energy use per square foot by 21 per-cent since 2003, reduced VA water con-sumption per square foot by 28 percent since 2007, increased VA’s vehicle fleet to 55 percent alternatively fueled vehi-cles, and reduced VA-generated green-house gases 12 percent since the 2008 baseline. 
In the absence of the Green Manage-
ment Program funding, a number of programs, processes, and projects will not be carried out. These activities save taxpayers significant amounts of money; improve indoor and outdoor en-vironments at VA facilities for the ben-efit of veterans, for visitors, employ-ees, and surrounding communities; and help assure the VA compliance with Federal laws, with regulations, with executive orders, Presidential memo-randa. 
I would urge Members to oppose it. I 
am happy that the gentleman has with-drawn the amendment. I think his con-cerns are well placed, and I join the chairman in agreeing to work with him to see if we can’t address those specific concerns in his location. 
I yield back the balance of my time. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . FARENTHOLD  
Mr. FARENTHOLD. I have an amend-
ment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used to pay the salary of any employee of the Department of Veterans Affairs who received an unsatisfactory work performance review in fiscal year 2015. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 223, the gentleman from Texas and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Texas. 
Mr. FARENTHOLD. Mr. Chairman, 
my amendment is very straight-forward. If an employee of the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs has received a work performance review rated as un-satisfactory in the last fiscal year, he will not be able to receive a salary for this fiscal year 2016. 
Mr. Chairman, there have been all 
sorts of media reports about how Sec-retary McDonald has been trying to re-form the VA but has been having trou-ble getting rid of the bad apples. This is one way we could help him do that. For instance, the VA employees in the 27th Congressional District of Texas that I represent and across the Nation continue to provide vital care to our veterans. In the 27th District, our local medical center is well below the na-tional standards for both customer service and phone standards. 
Mr. Chairman, an official report from 
the VA inspector general found that about 1,700 veterans were in need of care and were at risk of being lost or forgotten after being kept off official waiting lists. Schedulers for the Vet-erans Affairs were instructed to change 
the dates for which veterans had re-quested an appointment in order to hide delays. At the Phoenix VA, offi-cial data showed that veterans waited an average of 24 days for an appoint-ment when in reality the average wait was 115 days. That is absolutely unac-ceptable. 
The VA OIG reported in May of 2014 
that 17 veterans deaths had occurred while waiting for VA treatment in the Phoenix VA, and on June 5 of that same year, the VA reported they had identified an additional 18 deaths. Peo-ple are dying because of unsatisfactory performance at the VA. 
Earlier this month it was reported 
that out of 280,000 employees working for the VA, only eight had been ‘‘pun-ished’’ for any of the offenses. In fact, the only person who has actually been fired is Sharon Helman. She wasn’t fired immediately for unsatisfactory work performance. Instead, she was on paid administrative leave for over 7 months before they finally got around to firing her. She was that former VA person in Phoenix and was only fired after it was discovered she was accept-ing gifts from a lobbyist. We have no way of dealing with the problems, and we are looking for a solution to this. 
Mr. Chairman, the VA OIG found 
that, under Ms. Helman’s leadership, 35 veterans had died, and it took us 7 months to fire her for an unrelated of-fense. The VA still is struggling with this. 
Clearly, Congress needs to find a bet-
ter approach to help root out the bad apples in the VA. My amendment is one way we can do this. If you are re-ceiving the worst possible performance review, you ought not to be getting paid with taxpayer money for your un-satisfactory work. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DENT. Mr. Chairman, I claim the 
time in opposition to the amendment, though I am not necessarily opposed. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-
tion, the gentleman from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. DENT. Mr. Chair, I appreciate 
the gentleman for raising this impor-tant issue. I certainly share his con-cern about the service our veterans are receiving from VA employees. How-ever, I do have some concerns with the breadth of this amendment. It seems, again, a little bit overly broad. 
If the gentleman would withdraw his 
amendment, I will continue to work with him to ensure greater account-ability for poor-performing employees. Again, I thank the gentleman for high-lighting this important issue, but I just think the amendment is a little overly broad. The breadth is a bit more than I think is necessary at this moment, but we might be able to work this out. 
Would the gentleman consider with-
drawing the amendment? 
Mr. FARENTHOLD. Mr. Chair, I un-
derstand the concerns that the chair-man of the subcommittee has. The breadth was necessary in order to get 
by the requirement to not be legis-lating within an appropriations bill. If the chairman is willing to work with me on finding a scalpel rather than an ax to prune these bad apples out of the tree, I am willing to withdraw the amendment. 
Mr. DENT. I will do that. Mr. FARENTHOLD. Mr. Chairman, I 
ask unanimous consent to withdraw the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection 
to the request of the gentleman from 
Texas? 
There was no objection. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . LAMALFA  
Mr. L AMALFA. I have an amendment 
at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
Sec. ll. For an additional amount for 
‘‘Department of Veterans Affairs—Depart-mental Administration—General Operating Expenses, Veterans Benefits Administra-tion’’, there is hereby appropriated, and the amount otherwise provided by this Act for ‘‘Department of Veterans Affairs—Depart-mental Administration—General Adminis-tration’’ is hereby reduced by, $5,000,000. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 223, the gentleman from California and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from California. 
Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Chairman, first 
of all, let me thank those who have helped with this legislation here, my colleagues from California, Mr. C
OSTA , 
Mr. R UIZ, and my colleague from Mas-
sachusetts, Mr. M OULTON , on helping 
bring this forward. I also thank the chairman and the members of the com-mittee as well as the desk staff here to-night in helping to make this happen. 
Again, this bill simply reduces the 
amount budgeted for the general ad-ministration of Veterans Affairs to in-stead be posted toward the Veterans Benefits Administration; therefore, helping to take a bite out of the huge backlog that we have of veterans wait-ing to have their claims processed after having served with us. This $5 million shift, I think, will be helpful in that backlog, as we already know that the VA is at least 171,000 claims behind in their process. These 171,000 claims are behind by more than 125 days, which is unacceptable. 
Of course, the VA’s top priority 
should be making sure that veterans have their claims processed and are re-ceiving the benefit they should be get-ting. Our veterans should not have had to return from fighting a war and have to instead fight a bureaucracy at home. 
Mr. DENT. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. L
AMALFA. I yield to the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania. 
Mr. DENT. I do not oppose this 
amendment. I am prepared to accept it. 
Mr. L AMALFA. I thank the chair-
man. 
Mr. Chairman, again, this will be an 
important step towards helping reduce 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:13 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00118 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29AP7.145 H29APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2621 April 29, 2015 
that backlog and getting our veterans 
claims processed and the service they deserve. I ask for an ‘‘aye’’ vote. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from California (Mr. L
AMALFA ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . JODY B . HICE OF  
GEORGIA  
Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. 
Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used to pay a Federal em-ployee for any period of time during which such employee is using official time under section 7131 of title 5, United States Code. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 223, the gentleman from Georgia and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Georgia. 
Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. 
Chairman, I rise today to offer an amendment that will help our Nation’s veterans increase efficiency in the Fed-eral workforce and uphold the integ-rity of tax dollars. Title 5 of the U.S. Code allows for a practice in which Federal employees are permitted to en-gage in union-related activities while at work while not doing the job for which they were hired. This practice is known as official time, and it costs the taxpayers literally millions of man- hours every year and hundreds of mil-lions of dollars every year. 
The Department of Veterans Affairs 
is one of the agencies with the most egregious use of official time. This agency is singlehandedly responsible for almost one-third of all the reported official time usage in the entire Fed-eral Government. 
Mr. Chairman, this one agency has 
more than 250 individuals who do noth-ing but operate on official time. That is to say, 100 percent of their time at work is used doing union activity rath-er than what they were hired to do, which is to help our veterans. That is unacceptable. It costs the taxpayers hundreds of millions of dollars. 
On the other hand, Mr. Chairman, as 
of April 1, there were some 431,000 vet-erans who have been waiting for over 30 days to get an appointment at a VA medical facility. In my home State alone, more than 20,000 veterans have waited more than 30 days for appoint-ments, be it in Atlanta, Augusta, or Dublin. We have veterans literally beg-ging for access to health care, and yet they are being told while waiting in line that people appreciate their serv-ice to our country, appreciate the fact that they have been willing to lay their lives down for our country, but when it comes to their medical conditions, they will have to wait because of lack of resources. b2000 
Mr. Chairman, to allow hundreds of 
VA employees to give 100 percent of their work hours to union activity while telling veterans that we do not have the resources to provide for their medical needs is inexcusable. 
We need to stop this practice that al-
lows VA employees to prioritize their union over our veterans. The day that veterans are put in second place to union activities is the day that Con-gress must get involved, and that has day come. 
According to the most recent OPM 
report, the VA spends over $45 million taxpayer dollars every year on this practice. That is $45 million that could go to serve the medical needs of our veterans. 
Mr. Chairman, what we have before 
us is a tremendous opportunity to help our veterans while, at the same time, saving taxpayer dollars and increasing the overall efficiency of our Federal workforce. This amendment cuts through all the bureaucratic red tape and the sweetheart deals for unions and helps our Nation’s deserving vet-erans. 
Mr. Chairman, this amendment is an 
opportunity to put our veterans first, above special interests, and I ask my colleagues to support this amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Chair-
man, I rise in opposition to the amend-ment. 
The Acting CHAIR (Mr. C
OLLINS of 
Georgia). The gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. I believe 
that this amendment really serves no purpose but to erode collective bar-gaining rights for civil service Federal employees, and it may violate collec-tive bargaining agreements that have been negotiated between workers and these agencies. 
The VA employs some 342,000 people, 
and to complain because 200 of them spend their time representing and mak-ing sure that the conditions of employ-ment within the scope of employment of their coworkers under collective bargaining agreements are maintained, I believe, is just punitive. 
Federal unions are legally required 
to provide representation to all mem-bers of a bargaining unit, whether or not the workers elect to pay voluntary unions dues. Representation for em-ployees working their way through ad-ministrative procedures is a cost-effec-tive process for administering and ad-judicating agency policies. 
The alternative to official time is for 
government agencies to pay for costly third-party attorney and arbitrator fees. Eliminating official time would increase cost, time, and effort for the agencies, the workers, and the tax-payers. 
Official time is essential to main-
taining workplace safety. Union rep-resentatives use official time to set procedures to protect employees from on-the-job hazards. Official time is also used to allow employees to participate 
in work groups with the management team to improve the processes. 
Under current law, official time may 
not be used to solicit membership, to conduct internal union meetings, elect union officers, or to engage in any par-tisan political activities. The notion that official time is used for these pur-poses is just false. 
I would urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on this 
amendment. I think that it is punitive, and it has no purpose but to erode col-lective bargaining rights for civil serv-ice Federal employees. 
I think that is not consistent with 
the laws of the United States of Amer-ica. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. 
Chairman, how much time is remain-ing? 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
has 1
1⁄2minutes remaining. 
Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. 
Chairman, I understand my colleague’s concerns, but to say it is unnecessary is a bit beyond my understanding. 
Yes, there are some 259 individuals at 
the VA that dedicate 100 percent of their time to union activity when they were hired to do veterans work, but there are hundreds of others who don’t give 100 percent of their time, but hun-dreds of additional hours on a regular basis. 
We have reached out. After I intro-
duced H.R. 1658, the Federal Employee Accountability Act, we literally heard from veterans all across the country. Many of these fine men and women, being veterans now, also were and are employees at the VA. With one unified voice, they expressed that they had deep frustration and disappointment with how they have seen veterans treated. 
Mr. Chairman, I would like to quote 
just one of those individuals who served in our Air Force and is a current employee at the VA. He said, ‘‘The union is the number one obstacle to providing care to vets.’’ 
I just see, ultimately, Mr. Chairman, 
that the choice before us is clear. Mem-bers of this body can stand with union bosses, or they can stand with the peo-ple who have stood on the front line to defend our liberties and our freedom, the Nation’s veterans. 
I choose to stand with our brave vet-
erans, and I urge my colleagues to do the same. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Chair-
man, I would like to point out that many of the employees—as a matter of fact, I think the number is 34 percent— at the Department of Veterans Affairs are, indeed, veterans. 
They are people who, in fact, put 
their lives on the line and have given and served and sacrificed for this coun-try. Of course, they are now continuing to work for their colleagues and their coworkers on the job in their capacity as bargaining representatives in the VA. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:13 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00119 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29AP7.148 H29APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2622 April 29, 2015 
I would point out that, under the law, 
they have the right to do this. The law supports them in doing this. We should not interfere with that because too many of them—34 percent—are, in fact, veterans. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Georgia (Mr. J
ODY B. 
HICE). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Chair-
man, I demand a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Georgia will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3 OFFERED BY MR . KING OF  
IOWA 
Mr. KING of Iowa. Mr. Chairman, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
At the end of the bill, before the short 
title, add the following new section: 
SEC. 514. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used to implement, ad-minister, or enforce the prevailing wage re-quirements in subchapter IV of chapter 31 of title 40, United States Code (commonly re-ferred to as the Davis-Bacon Act). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 223, the gentleman from Iowa and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Iowa. 
Mr. KING of Iowa. Mr. Chairman, my 
amendment is an amendment that I brought up in previous appropriation cycles. 
What it does is defunds and elimi-
nates the Davis-Bacon federally man-dated wage scale components in the construction of MILCON on this under-lying bill. It recognizes a whole series of history that has been built since the early thirties on the Davis-Bacon Act. 
I have spent my life in the construc-
tion business, Mr. Chairman. I started a construction business in 1975. We are celebrating our 40th year in business, and, almost every one of those 40 years, we have dealt with Davis-Bacon wage scales. I have made out, personally, that payroll over and over again. 
I have also seen the inefficiencies 
that are created. The net effect is a de facto union scale. It is not a prevailing wage, but a de facto union scale. The net effect is it creates inefficiencies, and it increases and inflates the cost of our construction projects. 
Our records, over the years that I 
have been in business, show that Davis- Bacon wage scales—the federally man-dated wage scales—range between an additional 8 percent up to 38 percent; so I just bring that back to a bit of a moderate, careful average, and we have a 20 percent increase. 
The bottom line on this is that, if 
you want to build 5 miles of road, re-peal Davis-Bacon. If you are willing to 
accept 4 miles of road, accept a feder-ally mandated union scale. That is true with whatever else we might be doing in all of our military construction and everything else. 
This is a substantial savings on this 
bill, and I would point out that this is the last Jim Crow law that I recall that is still on the books. It was de-signed to lock Black construction workers out of the construction work in New York back in the thirties dur-ing the Great Depression. 
When there was a Federal building 
contract that was let and the con-tractor went to Alabama and brought in African Americans to do that work, undercutting the essentially White labor union forces within New York, two New Yorkers—both of them Repub-licans, Davis and Bacon—got together and brought this Jim Crow law. Now, we are dealing with union scale man-dates. 
I would point out I used to have this 
debate with the gentleman from Massa-chusetts, Mr. Frank. He would make the argument that two consenting adults should be able to agree to what-ever it is those two can do. 
I would say I agree, and there is no 
reason for the Federal Government to be involved in a relationship between an employer and employee that agree to a wage scale. 
We pay prevailing wages. They are 
not union scale wages, as a rule; but they are prevailing wages. We do that because we want to hire the best peo-
ple. We do the best work that we can do under the plans and specifications offered to us—government work and private sector work altogether—for 40 years. 
We are about to hear that the quality 
of the work isn’t that, that the govern-ment knows best, and government should intervene between a relation-ship between two consenting adults. We are about to hear some kind of re-sponse on why we shouldn’t get rid of the last Jim Crow law on the books. 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Chair-
man, I rise in opposition to the amend-ment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman is 
recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Chair-
man, Davis-Bacon is a pretty simple concept and a fair one. What the Davis- Bacon Act does is protect the govern-ment, as well as the workers, in car-rying out the policy of paying decent wages on government contracts. 
The Davis-Bacon Act requires that 
workers on federally funded construc-tion projects be paid no less than the wages paid in the community for simi-lar work. It requires that every con-tract for construction to which the Federal Government is a party in ex-cess of $2,000 contain a provision defin-ing the ‘‘minimum wages’’ paid to var-ious classes of laborers and mechanics. 
Mr. Chairman, the House has taken 
numerous votes on this issue, and on every vote, this body has voted to 
maintain Davis-Bacon requirements because it makes good sense, it saves the taxpayers money, and it is useful. 
Last year, we avoided including divi-
sive language like this, and it is my hope that we stop attacking the work-ing class and defeat the amendment be-fore us today and move on to more im-portant matters. 
I urge all Members to vote ‘‘no’’ on 
this, as we have repeatedly year after year. 
At this point, I yield to the gen-
tleman from Michigan (Mr. K
ILDEE ). 
Mr. KILDEE. I thank my friend for 
yielding. 
Mr. Chairman, we have been through 
this fight before. Thankfully, we have been able to prevail with help on both sides of the aisle. 
The gentleman referred to the 1930s. 
Anybody who is a student of history and a student of the U.S. economy knows that it was the period following the 1930s that we finally saw a steady progress toward greater wage equality in this country and we saw the middle class emerge and the strongest period of economic growth and income equal-ity in our history, a period which is at risk right now. 
I would urge the gentleman to take a 
look at the period that followed the en-actment of Davis-Bacon, how the mid-dle class was born, and I would also urge us to consider that, if not the Fed-eral Government, who can we expect to set the example that a decent wage should be paid for a decent day’s work. That is all this law does, and I support it wholeheartedly and urge my col-leagues to reject this amendment. 
Mr. KING of Iowa. I reserve the bal-
ance of my time. 
Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Again, let’s 
avoid including divisive language like this. This is a policy rider that is un-necessary. We have defeated it over and over again. 
Davis-Bacon saves the government 
money. It requires quality work and quality labor be done on Federal con-tracts, and it pays a fair day’s wages for a fair day’s work. 
I urge all Members to vote ‘‘no’’ and 
reject this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. KING of Iowa. Mr. Chairman, 
may I inquire as to how much time I have remaining? 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
has 2 minutes remaining. 
Mr. KING of Iowa. Mr. Chairman, 
first, in response to the gentleman’s ar-gument of a fair wage for a fair day’s pay, that is determined by supply and demand in the marketplace. This is the United States of America, and on the flashcard the USCIS puts out, they say: What is the American system of Amer-ica? It is free enterprise capitalism. 
You have to pay the going rate to get 
the people to do the job. That has been the case for a long time. I have done that for 40 years, and the quality of the work is there, and we are proud of the work that we do. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:13 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00120 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29AP7.151 H29APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2623 April 29, 2015 
I don’t know how anyone argues that 
the Federal Government has got to in-tervene in setting the marketplace for wages on construction projects $2,000 or more, but not intervene in the price of gas or the price of electricity or the price of some of the commodities that we are dealing with on a regular basis. 
If we are going to have a robust econ-
omy, we have got to get a value re-ceived for the work that is done, and that value received is determined by supply and demand in the marketplace, not by a de facto mandated union scale. I know how these scales are reached. I know how these conferences go. 
Mr. Chairman, we want to save the 
taxpayers money. We want to build 5 miles of road, not 4. We want to build five bases, not four. We want to put five different components out there, in-stead of four, and get a return on the taxpayers’ dollar so that we maximize the utilization of the hard-earned tax dollars that come from some of the people that are working on these projects. 
b2015 
They want a return on their invest-
ment, too. You can’t argue that there is fiscal responsibility in this country if we are going to impose an additional 20 percent on every dollar that is spent to produce construction projects on MILCON in America. 
So, Mr. Chairman, I urge the adop-
tion of my amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Iowa (Mr. K
ING). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. KING of Iowa. Mr. Chairman, I 
demand a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Iowa will be post-poned. 
Mr. DENT. Mr. Chairman, I move to 
strike the last word. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. DENT. Mr. Chairman I yield to 
my colleague from New Jersey (Mr. P
AYNE ) for a colloquy. 
Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Chairman, I would 
like to thank Chairman D ENT and 
Ranking Member B ISHOP for your work 
on this bill. And congratulations to Congressman D
ENTon the work he has 
done on H.R. 2029, his first bill as chair-man of the Military Construction and Veterans Affairs Appropriations Sub-committee. 
I admire Chairman D
ENT’s and Rank-
ing Member B ISHOP ’s commitment to 
our veterans of America. They have demonstrated day-to-day that they are here for our people in the armed serv-ices. 
I would like to especially acknowl-
edge this bill’s provisions relating to the importance of early detection and 
treatment of colorectal cancer. As the bill notes, the VA has made screening patients for colorectal cancer a pri-ority, and I am encouraged by the steps that this bill would take to ensure that the VA continues to dedicate the re-sources and attention to this impor-tant issue which it deserves. 
Almost every family in America, in-
cluding our veterans, including Mem-bers of Congress, including people all over this Nation, have been touched by cancer. My father, former Congressman Donald Payne, who served New Jer-sey’s 10th Congressional District for 23 years, prior to me coming here and taking his place, succumbed to this preventable and treatable disease. 
Chairman D
ENT, thank you for your 
partnership on this issue. I am looking forward to continuing to work together to advance the fight against colorectal cancer and lessen the needless loss of life. 
The committee report encourages the 
VA to support additional research and development in the field, including in-vestigating a less costly blood test for colorectal cancer. I applaud this lan-guage, and I also understand that both the FDA and CMS have approved a new DNA, noninvasive, stool-based colorectal cancer screening test that is pending review with the Federal supply services for availability in the VA health system. 
For clarity, does this committee also 
encourage the VA to consider and re-view such stool-based test screening? 
Mr. DENT. Thank you, Congressman 
P
AYNE , for your shared interest in this 
very important topic. 
Mr. Chairman, I commend my col-
league for his steadfast support of colorectal cancer awareness research, prevention, and treatment efforts. As the second leading cause of death in men and women in the United States, we have both seen the personal toll that colorectal cancer can have on family members and loved ones. Con-gressman P
AYNE obviously lost his fa-
ther; I lost my brother-in-law. It was very painful for all of us. We lost them all too soon. 
It has been a privilege to work to-
gether with you on an issue that has raised awareness and increased preven-tive screenings. This is an issue that affects far too many of our veterans and, as you mentioned, this bill takes steps to support the VA’s prevention and treatment efforts. 
The report’s language should not be 
misconstrued as only focusing on blood tests, and I certainly encourage the VA 
to expedite its review of alternative colorectal cancer screening tests, in-cluding DNA stool-based noninvasive tests. We certainly want to encourage the VA in that regard. 
I look forward to continuing to work 
with on you these important matters. Again, I want to really commend Con-gressman P
AYNE for his determination 
and steadfast interest in advancing therapies and treatments for colorectal cancer. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
Mr. DENT. Mr. Chairman, I move 
that the Committee do now rise. 
The motion was agreed to. Accordingly, the Committee rose; 
and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. N
EWHOUSE ) having assumed the chair, 
Mr. C OLLINS of Georgia, Acting Chair of 
the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under con-sideration the bill (H.R. 2029) making appropriations for military construc-tion, the Department of Veterans Af-fairs, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes, had come to no resolu-tion thereon. 
f 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-
VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 1732, REGULATORY INTEG-RITY PROTECTION ACT OF 2015; PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF CONFERENCE REPORT ON S. CON. RES. 11, CONCURRENT RES-OLUTION ON THE BUDGET, FIS-CAL YEAR 2016; AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.J. RES. 43, DISAPPROVAL OF DIS-TRICT OF COLUMBIA REPRODUC-TIVE HEALTH NON-DISCRIMINA-TION AMENDMENT ACT OF 2014 
Mr. WOODALL, from the Committee 
on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 114–98) on the resolution (H. Res. 231) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 1732) to preserve existing rights and responsibilities with respect to waters of the United States, and for other purposes; providing for consider-ation of the conference report to ac-company the concurrent resolution (S. Con. Res. 11) setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; and providing for consideration of the joint resolution (H.J. Res. 43) dis-approving the action of the District of Columbia Council in approving the Re-productive Health Non-Discrimination Amendment Act of 2014, which was re-ferred to the House Calendar and or-dered to be printed. 
f 
ENERGY AND WATER DEVELOP-
MENT AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2016 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on H.R. 2028, and that I may include tabular mate-rial on the same. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Idaho? 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to House Resolution 223 and rule 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:13 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00121 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29AP7.153 H29APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2624 April 29, 2015 
XVIII, the Chair declares the House in 
the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consider-ation of the bill, H.R. 2028. 
The Chair appoints the gentleman 
from Georgia (Mr. C
OLLINS ) to preside 
over the Committee of the Whole. 
b2022 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved 
itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill (H.R. 2028) making appropriations for energy and water development and related agen-cies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes, with Mr. C
OLLINS of Georgia in the 
chair. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The CHAIR. Pursuant to the rule, the 
bill is considered read for the first time. The gentleman from Idaho (Mr. S
IMPSON ) and the gentlewoman from 
Ohio (Ms. K APTUR ) each will control 30 
minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Idaho. 
Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
It is my distinct honor to bring the 
fiscal year 2016 Energy and Water bill before you today. 
Before I go into the details, I would 
like to recognize the hard work of Chairman R
OGERS and Ranking Mem-
ber L OWEY on this bill and the appro-priation process. I would also like to 
thank my ranking member, Ms. K AP-
TUR. I appreciate her help, and with it, 
this bill is better because of it. 
The bill provides $35.4 billion for the 
activities of the Department of Energy, Army Corps of Engineers, Bureau of Reclamation, and other agencies under 
our jurisdiction. This is a $1.2 billion increase from last year’s funding level, and $633 million below the request. 
This is a responsible bill that recog-
nizes the importance of investing in our Nation’s infrastructure and na-tional defense. As we do each year, we worked hard to incorporate priorities and perspectives from both sides of the aisle. 
The administration’s proposal to cut 
programs of the Army Corps of Engi-neers by $750 million would have led to economic disruptions in our ports and waterways as they filled in, and would have left our communities and busi-nesses vulnerable to flooding. 
Instead, this bill recognizes the crit-
ical work of the Corps and provides $5.6 billion for those activities, $865 million above the request and $142 million more than last year. The bill makes use of all estimated annual revenues from the inland waterways trust fund, for a total of $340 million. 
The bill takes a strong stand against 
the administration’s regulatory over-reach with regards to the Clean Water Act and includes three provisions that prohibit changes to the definition of ‘‘fill material,’’ the definition of ‘‘waters of the United States,’’ and the 
permit requirement for certain agricul-tural activities. 
The nuclear weapons program run by 
the Department of Energy is funded at $8.7 billion, which is $526 million more than last year. This increase will sup-port full funding for the stockpile life extension programs, and includes an additional $100 million above the re-quest to address the growing backlog of deferred maintenance and physical se-curity projects. 
The recommendation for Naval Reac-
tors is $1.3 billion, an increase of $86 million, and includes full funding for the Ohio class replacement submarine. 
This bill makes strong, balanced in-
vestments in our energy sector to en-sure that our constituents continue to have reliable, affordable energy. 
Fossil energy, which provided more 
than 67 percent of our electricity pro-duction in 2014, received $605 million, a $34 million increase above fiscal year 2015. 
Nuclear energy is increased by $23 
million above last year. The bill also includes $40 million more than last year to ensure an electric grid that is both reliable and resilient now and into the future. 
This is a strong bill that will advance 
our national security interests and our economy. I urge everyone to support it. 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:13 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00122 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29AP7.156 H29APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2625 April 29, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:13 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00123 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29AP7.096 H29APPT1
Insert offset folio 1062/1 here EH290415.001SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSEENERGY AND WATER DEVELOPMENT APPROPRIATIONS BILL FY 2016 (H. R. 2028) 
TITLE I -DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE -CIVIL 
DEPARTMENT OF THE ARMY 
Corps of Engineers Civil 
Investigations. 
Construction. 
Mi ssi ssi ppi River and Tributaries. 
Operations and Maintenance. 
Regula tory Program. 
Formerly Utilized Sites Remedial Action Program 
( FUSRAP) . 
Flood Cont ro 1 and Coast a 1 Emergencies. 
Expenses .. 
Office of Assistant Secretary of the Army (Civil 
Works) . 
General Provisions 
Title I Rescission .. 
Total, title I, Department of Defense- Civil 
Appropriations .. 
Rescissions. 
TITLE II DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR 
Central Utah Project Completion Account 
Central Utah Project Completion Account. 
Bureau of Reel amati on 
Water and Related Resources. 
Central Valley Project Restoration Fund. 
California Bay-Delta Restoration. 
Policy and Administration. 
Indian Water Rights Settlements. 
San Joaquin River Restoration Fund. 
Bureau of Reel a mat ion Loan Program Account 
(Rescission). 
Total, Bureau of Reel amati on. 
Total, title II, Department of the Interior .. 
TITLE I II -DEPARTMENT DF ENERGY 
Energy Programs 
Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy. 
Rescissions. 
Subtotal, Energy efficiency. 
Electricity Delivery and Energy Reliability. 
Nuclear Energy. 
Defense function. 
Rescission. 
Subtotal . 
Fossil Energy Research and Development .. 
Naval Petroleum and Oil Shale Reserves .. 
Elk Hills School Lands Fund .. 
Strategic Petroleum Reserve .. (Amounts thousands) 
FY 2015 
Enacted 
122,000 
1,639,489 
302' 000 
2,908,511 
200' 000 
101 '500 
28' 000 
178' 000 
3' 000 
-28' 000 
5,454,500 
( 5' 482' 500) 
(-28 '000) 
9' 874 
978' 131 
56' 995 
37 '000 
58' 500 
-500 
-------------
1 ,130' 126 
:::;::;;:::;;:::;::;;::::;;::;:;:;:;:::;::;;::::;::;;;;;;; 
1 '140 '000 
( 1 ' 1 40 ' 500) 
( -500) 
-------------
1 '923' 935 
147,306 
805' 000 
108' 500 
-80' 000 
-------------
833' 500 
571 '000 
19' 950 
15' 580 
200' 000 FY 2016 
Request 
97' 000 
1 '172 '000 
225' 000 
2,710' 000 
205' 000 
104' 000 
34' 000 
180,000 
5' 000 
4' 732' 000 
( 4,732' 000) 
7' 300 
805' 157 
49' 528 
37' 000 
59' 500 
112 '483 
35' 000 
-------------
1 '098' 668 
::;:.:;;::;;;;:::;:::::;:::;:::::::::::::::::::::::: 
1 '105 '968 
( 1 , 1 05 '968) 
2.722,987 
-------------
2, 722' 987 
270' 100 
772,413 
135' 161 
-~ -------- ~ --
907,574 
560' 000 
17' 500 
257' 000 Bi 11 
110,000 
1,631,000 
275' 000 
3,058,000 
200' 000 
104' 000 
34' 000 
180' 000 
4' 750 
5, 596' 750 
(5,596,750) 
9' 874 
948' 640 
49' 528 
37' 000 
59' 500 
-------------
1 '094' 668 
:;:::::::::;::;;:;:;;:;:::::::::;:::;::;;::::;:::;:::::: 
1 '1 04' 542 
( 1 ' 1 04' 542) 
1.657' 774 
-------------
1, 657' 774 
187,500 
810,000 
126' 161 
-------------
936' 161 
605 '000 
17 '500 
212,030 Bill vs. 
Enacted 
-12' 000 
-8 '489 
-27' 000 
+149' 489 
+2' 500 
+6' 000 
+2' 000 
+1 ,750 
+28' 000 
+142,250 
(+114,250) 
(+28,000) 
-29 '491 
-7' 467 
+1 '000 
+500 
-------------
-35 '458 
::::::::::::::;:::;::;:;;:;::::;:;;:;:;;:::;:;:;;::::::::;:::: 
-35,458 
-279,226 
+13,065 
-------------
-266' 161 
+40,194 
+5 '000 
+17 '661 
+80 '000 
-------------
+102,661 
+34, 000 
-2 '450 
-15.580 
+12,030 Bi I I vs 
Request 
+13,000 
+459' 000 
+50' 000 
+348' 000 
-5' 000 
-250 
+864' 750 
(+864, 750) 
+2 574 
+143 483 
-112,483 
-35,000 
-------------
-4' 000 
:::::::::::::;:::;:::;::;:::;;:::;::::;::;::::;:::;;:;; 
-1 '426 
( -1 ,426) 
-1 '065' 213 
-------------
-1,065,213 
-82 '600 
+37 '587 
-9' 000 
+28 587 
+45' 000 
-44,970 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2626 April 29, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:13 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00124 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29AP7.096 H29APPT1
Insert offset folio 1062/2 here EH290415.002SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSEENERGY AND WATER DEVELOPMENT APPROPRIATIONS BILL FY 2016 (H,R. 2028) 
(Amounts in thousands) 
Northeast Home Heating Oi 1 Reserve, 
Rescission, 
Subtotal, 
Energy Information Administration. 
Non-defense Environmental Cleanup, 
Uranium Enrichment Decontamination and Decommissioning 
Fund, 
Science. 
Nuclear Waste Disposal .. 
Advanced Research Projects Agency-Energy. 
Office of Indian Energy Policy and Programs. 
Title 17 Innovative Technology Loan Guarantee Program. 
Offsetting collection,,,. 
Subtotal. 
Tribal Indian Energy Loan Guarantee Program. 
Advanced Technology Vehicles Manufacturing Loans 
Technology (Rescission) 
Departmental Administration. 
Miscellaneous revenues. 
Net appropriation. 
Office of the Inspector General,, 
Total, Energy programs., 
Atomic Energy Defense Activities 
National Nuclear Security Administration 
Weapons Activities, 
Rescission, 
Subtotal .. 
Defense Nuclear Nonproliferation, 
Rescission. 
Subtotal. 
Naval Reactors. 
Rescission .. 
Subtotal. 
Federal Salaries and Expenses. 
Total, National Nuclear Security Administration. 
En vi ronmenta 1 and Other Defense Activities 
Defense Envi ronmenta'l Cleanup, 
Rescission. 
Subtotal, 
Defense Environmental c'leanup (Legislative 
Defense Urani urn Enrichment Decontamination 
Decommiss·ioning .. ), FY 2015 
Enacted 
7' 600 
-6,000 
------ ~------
1,600 
117' 000 
246 '000 
625' 000 
5. 071 '000 
280' 000 
42' 000 
·25,000 
17' 000 
4,000 
-6,600 
245,142 
-119' 171 .,.._,. __________ 
125' 971 
40 500 
10' 232 742 
8,231 '770 
-45,113 
8' 186' 657 
1,641,369 
-24,731 
1 '616' 638 
1 '238' 500 
-4' 500 
1,234,000 
370' 000 
11,407,295 
5' 000 000 
463' 000 FY 2016 
Request 
7' 600 
-------------
7,600 
131 '000 
220' 185 
542 '289 
5' 339' 794 
325' 000 
20' 000 
42' 000 
-25,000 
-------------
17,000 
11,000 
6' 000 
--------~----
153' 511 
46' 424 
-------------
11 '554' 964 
8 ,846, 948 
8 '846' 948 
1, 940' 302 
1,940,302 
1,375,496 
1,375,496 
402' 654 
12' 565,400 
5' 055' 550 
5,055.550 
471 '797 Bi 11 
7' 600 
.. ------ -- ~ ~ ~ -
7' 600 
625 '000 
5, 100,000 
150' 000 
280' 000 
-"'" ~ ----------
17' 000 
6' 000 
247' 420 
-117' 171 -------------
130 '249 
46' 000 
10,324,007 
8' 713,000 
8,713 000 
-~ ----- ---
1, 907' 606 
1 '320' 394 
~-. -~ ~------ ~ 
1 '320 '394 
388,000 
~ ~ ~---.. ------
12' 329' 000 
5' 055' 550 
------------~ 
055 '550 
471 '797 Bi 11 vs 
Enacted 
+6' 000 -------------
+6' 000 
-16' 807 
+29 '000 
+150,000 
+2' 000 
+6' 600 
+2' 278 
+2, 000 
~ ------------
+4' 278 
+5 '500 
+91 '265 
+481 '230 
+45' 113 
+526' 343 
+276' 631 
+14,337 
+290 '968 
+81, 894 
+4' 500 
---~--~~~~--w 
+86' 394 
+18' 000 
+921 '705 
+44 '720 
+10.830 
-~ ------ ---
+55 550 
+8 '797 Bi II vs, 
Request 
-------------
+82' 711 
-239,794 
+150' 000 
-45' 000 
·20' 000 
-11 '000 
-23,262 
-23,262 
-424 
-------------
-1,230,957 
-133,948 
-133.948 
-22' 302 
-10.394 
-32 696 
-55 102 
-55' 102 
·14, 654 
·236 '400 
-471 ,797 
+471 ,797 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2627 April 29, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:13 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00125 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29AP7.096 H29APPT1
Insert offset folio 1062/3 here EH290415.003SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSEENERGY AND WATER DEVELOPMENT APPROPRIATIONS BILL FY 2016 (H. R. 2028) 
(Amounts in thousands) 
Other Defense Activities .. 
Total, Environmental and Other Defense 
Activities. 
Total, Atomic Energy Defense Activities ... 
Power Marketing Administrations 11 
Power 
Offsetting collections. 
Subtotal . 
Southwestern Power 
Offsetting collections. 
Subtotal. 
Construction, Rehabilitation, Operation and 
Maintenance, Western Area Power Admi ni strati on .. 
Offsetting collections 
Subtotal . 
Falcon and Amistad and Maintenance Fund. 
Offsetting 
Subtotal .. 
Total, Power Marketing Administrations. 
Federal Energy Regulatory Commission 
Sa 1 aries and expenses. 
Revenues app 'I i ed. 
General Provisions 
Title III Rescissions: 
Department of Energy: 
Energy Efficiency and Energy Reliability. 
Science. 
Nuclear 
Foss i 1 and 
Office of 
Reliability .. 
Advanced Research Agency -Energy. 
Construction, Operation and 
Naval Reactors 
Other Defense 
Subtotal . Power Administration. 
(050) FY 2015 
Enacted 
754.000 
~~~---~~ .. ----
6,217,000 
17 '624' 295 
________ ,. ____ 
46,240 
-34 '840 -------------
11,400 
304.402 
-211 '030 -------------
93 '372 
4, 727 
-4,499 
-------------
228 
105.000 
304.389 
-304,389 
-9' 740 
-3' 262 
-121 
-10.413 
-331 
-18 
-1 
-413 
-928 
-1 
-160 
-551 
-45,240 FY 2016 
Request 
774' 425 
-------------
6' 301 '772 
-------------
18,867,172 
6' 900 
-6' 900 -------------
47' 361 
-35 '961 ____________ ,.. 
11.400 
307.714 
-214,342 
----- ------- ~ 
93 '372 
4' 490 
-4' 262 
-------------
228 
105' 000 Bi 11 
767,570 
-----~ -----.... 
6,294,917 
18,623,917 
6' 900 
-6' 900 
47' 361 
-35' 961 
-------------
11,400 
307.714 
-214,342 
-------------
93.372 
4,490 
-4' 262 
228 
105 '000 
319,800 
-319,800 
-16' 677 
-4,717 
-1 '665 
-12' 064 
-900 
-4' 832 
-40' 855 Bill vs. 
Enacted 
+13 ,570 
.. ------------
+77. 917 
-----------
+999' 622 
-320 
+320 
+1 '121 
-1 '121 
-------------
+3' 312 
-3' 312 
-------------
-237 
+237 
+15. 411 
-15.411 
-6,937 
-1 ,455 
-1 '544 
-1 '651 
-569 
+18 
-3' 200 
+6 '298 
+413 +928 
+1 
+160 
+551 
+4' 385 Bi 11 vs 
Request 
-6 855 
-6 855 
-243,255 
-16 '677 
-4' 717 
-1 '665 
-12,064 
-900 
-4' 832 
-40 855 
============= ============= ============= ===,===,,===,=== ==,,===,,===,=== 
27,916,797 30,527,136 
(28,152,876) (30,527,136) 
( -236, 079) 29,012,069 +1,095,272 
(+910. 442) 
(+184,830) -1,515,067 
( -1 ,463,818) 
(-51' 249) 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2628 April 29, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:13 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00126 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29AP7.096 H29APPT1
Insert offset folio 1062/4 here EH290415.004SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSEENERGY AND WATER DEVELOPMENT APPROPRIATIONS BIll FY 2016 (H. R. 2028) 
(Amounts in thousands) 
TITLE IV • INDEPENDENT AGENCIES 
Appalachian Regional Commission. 
Defense Nuclear Facilities Safety Board. 
Delta Regional Authority. 
Denali Commission. 
Northern Border Regional Commission. 
Southeast Crescent Regional Commission .. 
Nuclear Regulatory Commission: 
Salaries and expenses. 
Revenues. 
Subtotal. 
Office of Inspector General 
Revenues. 
Subtotal . 
Total, Nuclear Regulatory Commission. 
Nuclear Waste Technical Review Board. 
Office of the Federal Coordinator for Alaska Natural 
Gas Transportation Projects .. 
Total, title IV, Independent agencies .. 
Appropriations. FY 2015 
Enacted 
90' 000 
28' 500 
12' 000 
10 '000 
5 '000 
250 
1,003,233 
·885. 375 
117' 858 
12' 071 
-10,099 
~ ~ ~ ------ --~ -
1 '972 
119' 830 
3,400 
268 '980 
(268,980) FY 2016 
Request 
95' 000 
29' 150 
14' 936 
10' 000 
5' 000 
1 ,020,119 
-899,971 
~ ----~ --- ----
120' 148 
12' 136 
·10' 060 
-------------
2,076 
-------------
122' 224 
3 '600 
1 '000 
280,910 
(280. 910) Bill 
95' 000 
29 '900 
12 '000 
10 '000 
3 '000 
250 
140 959 
12' 136 
-10 060 
-----------~ ~ 
2' 076 
143,035 
3 '600 
1,000 
297 '785 
(297 '785) Blll VS 
Enacted 
+5' 000 
+1 ,400 
·2' 000 
+23. 101 
+23' 101 
+65 
+39 
-------------
+104 
-------------
+23 '205 
+200 
+1 '000 
+28 805 
(+28 805) B i 11 vs 
Request 
+750 
·2' 936 
·2' 000 
+250 
-16' 886 
+37. 697 
----------
+20 '811 
+20 811 
+16,875 
( +16' 875) 
:==,===oo===•=== ============= ==:========== ==:=:======== 
Grand total ..... 
1 I Totals adjusted to net out alternative financing 
costs, reimbursable agreement funding, and power 
purchase and Offsetting 
collection totals funds collected 
for annual expenses, exc 1 udi ng power purchase 
wheeling 34,780,277 36,646,014 36.011 146 +1 ,230,869 
(36,646,014) (+1 ,017,539) 
(+213' 330) 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2629 April 29, 2015 
Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
I want to begin by thanking Chair-
man S IMPSON for his bipartisan ap-
proach in preparing this bill. We have a good committee, and we work together. 
I want to thank also our entire staff, 
Donna Shahbaz and Taunja Berquam, the Republican and Democratic Clerks, as well as the rest of the Committee staff: Matt Anderson, Angie Giancarlo, Loraine Heckenberg, and Perry Yates; and in the personal offices, Sarah Can-non and Ryan Steyer. Their countless long hours, late nights, and thoughtful insight are so critical to help us pre-pare this legislation. 
Thirty-seven years ago, President 
Jimmy Carter, after the first Arab oil embargo, as gasoline prices exploded and the U.S. fell into deep, deep reces-sion, championed the creation of a U.S. Department of Energy. He equated the struggle for America’s energy inde-pendence as the moral equivalent of war, and he was right. He set a goal to steer the United States toward energy independence by 1985. 
Today, America still struggles to 
meet that challenge set out nearly four decades ago: reducing our imported en-ergy dependence, curbing our voracious appetite for foreign oil, and growing a diverse domestic energy portfolio that invests in a self-reliant America and the job creation here at home that goes with it. 
Containing our ballooning consump-
tion topped President Carter’s agenda. But while he successfully reduced con-sumption during his Presidency, his successors lost focus. Demand for gaso-line increased by 40 percent in the 25 years after he left office, a troubling reality, as every economic recession since World War II has come on the heels of a sharp spike in gasoline prices. I have a chart here that so dra-matically shows every time gasoline went over $4 a gallon, America, in the late seventies, in the early nineties, and then of course in 2008, fell into deep, deep recession. 
Our work is important. Under the 
current administration, partnerships between the Department of Energy labs and automotive companies have finally helped level out demand for gasoline with increasing fuel efficiency. 
President Carter also envisioned a 
new energy horizon for our Nation, in-cluding renewable energy and con-servation. Solar electric capacity cur-rently operating in our country is enough to power more than 3.5 million homes, on average. 
Today, 90 percent of homes in our 
country are insulated. These are im-portant achievements, milestones for our country, and America must push onward. 
On the critical issue of reducing for-
eign oil dependence, President Carter’s initiative strikingly reduced imports below the target of 6 million barrels a day, a cut of nearly a third, but im-ports, again, after his Presidency, went on the rise in subsequent decades. Vast energy imports continue to represent 
the single largest component of our overall trade deficit. 
b2030 
I brought a chart down here tonight 
that shows America has been in the depths of deficit in trade, but the por-tion of it that deals with petroleum is its most significant percentage, and it has been for a very long time. 
That translates into millions and 
millions of forfeited jobs here at home. Still at $47 billion last year, crude oil imports were roughly equal to the next four largest trade deficit categories. 
Around the world, the war over en-
ergy rages on. Look only to Europe’s compromised position toward Ukraine and, of course, oil-rich but unstable Iraq. We must position our own Nation to a secure energy future. 
Our bill’s priority is to strengthen 
our Nation’s energy foundation. This bill does responsibly invest in that ef-fort, as well as in our nuclear security as well as our water infrastructure. But I must ask: At what cost does our bill do this? Our bill is among the first two to be considered. There are 10 bills that will follow, and, frankly, they were raided to pay for ours. 
This Republican budget will mean 
that additional funding for this bill—1 of 12 appropriation bills on which Con-gress must act—comes at the expense of other vital national needs that will be shortchanged as subsequent appro-priation bills are brought forward; in total, 12 of them. 
For example, our bill funds incredible 
advanced scientific research. But it does so at the expense of the Health and Human Services bill that shorts support for our students who will be the next generation of scientists. 
Our bill provides for the Department 
of Energy labs, whose new technologies will power our future. But why is the National Institutes of Health short-changed in the Health and Human Services, Education Appropriations bill? Its discoveries will save and im-prove millions of lives. 
In our bill, nuclear weapons funding 
will increase by $500 million. Mean-while, in the Transportation, Housing bill, crumbling cities will lose even more resources, elderly housing will re-main unfunded, and our poorest fami-lies will continue struggling to put food on the table. 
Nuclear nonproliferation and envi-
ronmental cleanup efforts in our bill will make our world safer. But on America’s streets, police and fire de-partments will remain understaffed, in-sufficiently trained, and underequipped because the Commerce-Justice-Science appropriations bill is shorted. 
In our bill, there are no new starts 
for the Army Corps of Engineers infra-structure, whose $60 billion backlog of unfinished projects is astounding. But to fund the Corps in our bill, America’s roads will be shortchanged and remain pothole-ridden, the rail lines clogged, with more bridges on the brink of col-lapse because the Transportation, 
Housing bill has been shortchanged too. 
In our bill, the Bureau of Reclama-
tion will continue to help our 17 West-ern States cope with record drought, yet severe underfunding of the clean water and drinking water funds in the Department of Interior-EPA bill will further threaten the fresh water supply of thousands more communities across our country. No amount of duct tape can fix all the leaking pipes. 
This bill sacrifices the long-term 
strength of our Nation by raiding other bills that are essential appropriation responsibilities, but that is the game plan of the overall Republican budget that has been handed us. It is not a pre-scription for an American success story. 
The Appropriations Committee’s dis-
cretionary programs, at only 6.8 per-cent of our Nation’s total economy, or GDP, are too thin a reed on which to balance our Nation’s accounts. 
The Ways and Means Committee 
must put its cards on the table too and open its vast jurisdiction to scrutiny. Mandatory programs must be put on the table. And then the preparation of America’s budget will have an engine in which all pistons are firing and en-gaged. 
We want to produce an appropriation 
bill here tonight, but I find myself guilty in a way because I know what is being taken from those other sub-committees so vital to our Nation’s fu-ture. 
Though this Energy and Water bill is 
respectable, it is only one oar in the water pushing our ship of state for-ward. We can’t reach our destination without the other 11 oars in the water too. For that reason, I urge my col-leagues, as we move forward, to con-sider a ‘‘no’’ vote on this measure in hopes that a message will be sent strongly. The American people deserve all hands on deck and all oars in the water. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
1 minute to the gentleman from Michi-gan (Mr. B
ENISHEK ). 
Mr. BENISHEK. I thank the chair-
man. 
Mr. Chair, I rise today in support of 
H.R. 2028 and would like to take this opportunity to talk about the impor-tance of investing in American infra-structure. 
This legislation provides support for 
critical national and regional water-ways. The Soo Locks, located in my district, are a critical point in our Na-tion’s infrastructure. Over 80 million tons of commercial commodities travel through the Soo Locks each year, in-cluding the vast majority of the iron ore mined in the United States. The value of the cargo traveling through the Soo Locks represents approxi-mately 3.2 percent of the U.S. gross do-mestic product each year. 
Recently, the Army Corps completed 
a sensitivity analysis on the Soo Locks 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:13 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00127 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29AP7.157 H29APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2630 April 29, 2015 
and has indicated that they may begin 
a new benefit-cost ratio in the future. 
This lip service isn’t good enough. 
The impact on our economy, should there be a failure of the lock, is too great. 
The study must be completed, and I 
am confident that it will show a need for a replacement lock and construc-tion can get underway. 
I urge the Corps to continue to work 
with Congress in an efficient and trans-parent fashion so that we can continue to move this process forward and get 
this project going. 
Ms. KAPTUR. I would like to inquire 
of the Chair, how much time do we have remaining on this side, please? 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman 
from Ohio has 22 minutes remaining. The gentleman from Idaho has 26 min-utes remaining. 
Ms. KAPTUR. I yield 4 minutes to 
the very distinguished gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. L
OWEY ), the 
ranking member of the full Appropria-tions Committee. 
Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Chair, I thank sub-
committee Chairman S
IMPSON , Rank-
ing Member K APTUR , and full com-
mittee Chairman R OGERS for their 
work on this bill. 
The House Republican ‘‘work harder 
for less’’ budget resolution was opposed by every Member on my side of the aisle in part because it makes it impos-sible to provide the funding necessary in the 12 appropriations bills to grow our economy and give hard-working Americans the opportunity to succeed. 
Democrats much preferred the ap-
proach taken by the President, calling for an end to the sequester and more reasonable and realistic budgeting that could help families afford college, a home, and a secure retirement. 
The proposed funding level for the Of-
fice of Energy Efficiency and Renew-able Energy is dismal and would cur-tail innovation in clean and renewable energy and make us less competitive. This type of investment grows our economy and provides opportunity to hard-working Americans. But under the Republican proposal, funding would be slashed by $266 million compared to the 2015 level. 
A number of other areas fall far short 
of the President’s proposal, including $82.6 million less to modernize and se-cure the electric grid and $240 million less for scientific research critical to addressing long-term energy needs. 
These levels are above the current 
enacted levels; but by failing to address sequestration, the majority is missing an opportunity to further invest in critical initiatives that create jobs and make American families more secure. 
Given the difficulty in resolving 
funding disputes, I am deeply dis-appointed that the majority also, once again, needlessly included controver-sial policy riders. 
An annual appropriations bill is not 
the place to make sweeping changes to environmental protection or gun laws. 
Despite the fact that it streamlines 
existing activities to protect 2.8 mil-lion ocean industry jobs and $282 bil-
lion in GDP generated by ocean indus-tries in coastal States, the National Ocean Policy would be blocked. I do not understand how any public good is served by thwarting efficiency meas-ures that bring together the best eco-logical, economic, and stakeholder- driven data. 
There are egregious attacks on the 
Clean Water Act, including locking in place a state of confusion about the scope of pollution control programs and sacrificing water quality for small streams and wetlands that contribute to the drinking water of one in three Americans. 
I should not have to remind my ma-
jority colleagues that similar provi-sions have imperiled this bill in the past. The administration is, once again, on record with veto threats of nearly identical language, and leading environmental groups have stated that these and other riders are bad policies that will put Americans’ health and safety at risk. 
I am truly amazed that the majority 
would willfully go down this path again. Despite the many shortcomings, there are positive aspects, particularly the Army Corps of Engineers. In its most recent report card, the American Society of Civil Engineers gave the U.S. a D-plus and estimated that $2.6 trillion in investments are needed by 2020. 
I am very grateful that Chairman 
S
IMPSON included $142 million more 
than the current level and $865 million more than the President requested for the Army Corps. 
While a number of priorities in the 
bill receive sufficient funding, due to major shortcomings, I urge my col-leagues to oppose the bill. 
Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Speaker, it is my 
pleasure to yield 1 minute to the gen-tleman from West Virginia (Mr. J
EN-
KINS). 
Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia. I 
thank the chairman. 
Mr. Chair, I was elected to fight for 
the people of the Third Congressional District. That is what I am doing, and that is what this bill does. 
As members of the Appropriations 
Committee, we are using the power of the purse. This bill provides full fund-ing for key Army Corps of Engineers projects in my district, nearly $26 mil-lion for projects in southern West Vir-ginia—East Lynn, Summersville, Bluestone, and Beech Fork lakes—all critically important. 
This bill supports the excellent work 
of the Appalachian Regional Commis-sion, making a real difference in real people’s lives. This bill actually adds an additional $5 million over last year’s funding. 
And this bill also says no to funding 
for the administration’s war on coal, no to expanding the definitions of the ‘‘waters of the U.S.,’’ and no to new regulations on fill material. 
This is a good bill, and I urge its pas-
sage. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chair, I yield 3 
minutes to the very, very able gen-tleman from the State of California (Mr. H
ONDA ), a distinguished member 
of our subcommittee. 
Mr. HONDA. Mr. Chair, this was my 
first year serving on the subcommittee. And I thank Chairman S
IMPSON and 
Ranking Member K APTUR for their 
leadership throughout this process, for the collaborative way they had worked with the members of the subcommittee on this bill. 
I support the increases in the bill for 
the important investigations and con-struction accounts of the Army Corps of Engineers, which are increasingly important for dealing with the effects of climate change and have been under-funded for too long. I hope we can fully address the Corps’ budgetary needs as this bill moves forward. 
I am pleased that the bill includes 
language I sought to help us increase access to solar and other renewable en-ergy sources for low-income families. This inclusiveness is critically impor-tant if we are going to transform to a 21st century energy economy that ben-efits all Americans. 
I also appreciate the inclusion lan-
guage supporting development of new photonics technologies to enable exascale computing breakthroughs. 
Funding DOE’s Workforce Develop-
ment for Teachers and Scientists pro-gram at the President’s request level is essential for programs to develop K–12 
STEM educators, including the Albert Einstein Distinguished Educator Fel-lowship, now in its 25th year. 
b2045 
The funding level in this bill should 
allow for continued growth of the Ein-stein Fellows program, which brings exceptional STEM educators to Wash-ington for a year to work in Federal agencies and in Congress helping to shape STEM education programs. There are, however, damaging cuts to some programs and others funded below the President’s budget request. 
These decisions will take us in the 
wrong direction. We need to boost the funding levels for renewable energy programs that are our path to a clean energy future. We also must address the shortfalls in the Science Labora-tories infrastructure funding that will hamper operations at user facilities such as light sources and science and nanoscience centers and engineering centers. 
I want to voice my disagreement 
with several of the policy riders in the bill. We shouldn’t be blocking work to clarify the scope of the Clean Water Act, and we should be fostering col-laboration between the Federal, State, and local agencies and ocean stake-holders about how to share this vital resource and not hindering it. 
I know my chairman was faced with 
a difficult task, and his approach to de-veloping this bill has shown these issues, which are important for our Na-tion and for our planet, the respect they deserve. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:13 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00128 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29AP7.158 H29APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2631 April 29, 2015 
I look forward to working with 
Chairman S IMPSON and Ranking Mem-
ber K APTUR , as this bill moves forward, 
to resolve some of these issues in a bi-partisan fashion so we can send a bill to the President that all of us can sup-port. 
Mr. SIMPSON. It is my pleasure to 
yield 90 seconds to the gentleman from California (Mr. F
ARR), a good friend of 
mine, for the purpose of colloquy. 
Mr. FARR. I thank the gentleman. Mr. Chairman, as we continue to cut, 
squeeze, and trim the Federal budget, we have a responsibility to ensure that our Federal agencies operate as effi-ciently as possible. 
I know that we both have examples 
in our district where multiple Federal, State, and local agencies overlap in their management authority, often causing unnecessary bureaucratic red tape, which ends up costing taxpayers more money while accomplishing less. 
Mr. Chairman, I would like to work 
with you as we move this bill forward to improve the transparency and effi-ciency of Federal agencies. They need to talk to each other and work to-gether so that our constituents are not forced to sort through conflicting re-quirements. I hope you can help me. 
Mr. SIMPSON. I thank the gen-
tleman from California for inviting me to speak on this important matter. I agree that the Energy and Water Ap-propriations bill should strive to make our Federal agencies work more effi-ciently with each other and work to-gether. 
I look forward to working with the 
gentleman on this issue. 
Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
2 minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. L
EE), a very, very hard- 
working and passionate member of our Appropriations Committee. 
Ms. LEE. Let me thank our ranking 
member, first of all, for yielding, but secondly, for her unwavering leader-ship on this subcommittee, but also on each and every issue that we are ad-
dressing in this bill and for her leader-ship just in general, in terms of mak-ing sure that people who have been marginalized and who really have been victimized by this terrible recession really have opportunities into the mid-dle class. Thank you very much, Con-gresswoman K
APTUR . 
Let me thank the Chair for including 
language to recognize the importance of workplace diversity in the Depart-ment of Energy’s National Labora-tories and encouraging the Department to develop and broaden partnerships with minority-serving institutions, in-cluding Historically Black Colleges and Universities. 
Mr. Chairman, however, I am con-
cerned that not only does this bill maintain harmful sequester levels for funding, it also continues the pattern of inserting unnecessary policy riders into spending bills, including allowing guns to be carried on all Corps of Engi-neers lands. These riders are harmful and further complicate the already dif-ficult appropriations process. Mr. Chairman, instead of trying to 
roll back vital environmental protec-tions, we need to be proactive about preserving our environment for the next generation. We need to make more investments in clean energy like solar, wind, and geothermal. 
We need to do this to reduce our de-
pendence on fossil fuels that release harmful, toxic methane and carbon. Pollution and smog must not be a nor-mal way of life for our children and our children’s children. 
Ms. KAPTUR. I would like to yield 30 
seconds to myself to just thank the gentlewoman very much for her com-ments and to say how very much I en-joyed visiting the Berkeley lab with her out in California and knowing the work that they are doing not just for California, but for the whole country. 
It has been really a pleasure to work 
with you and to support that lab and its activities. 
Ms. LEE. Will the gentlewoman 
yield? 
Ms. KAPTUR. I yield to the gentle-
woman from California. 
Ms. LEE. I just thank the gentle-
woman, first of all, for her visit, but also for really understanding very deeply what our labs are about and what they are really conducting not only for my district and for California, but for the country and for the world in terms of their research. 
I just really want to thank you be-
cause the feedback, of course, from my lab is how smart and how committed you are. 
Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, it is 
my pleasure to yield 90 seconds to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. D
IAZ- 
BALART ), a good friend of mine and a 
member of the Appropriations Com-mittee. He is the chairman of the Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agen-cies Subcommittee on Appropriations. 
Before yielding to Mr. D
IAZ-BALART  
from Florida, I would like to thank the gentleman for all his tireless work on behalf of the Everglades, truly a re-markable spot. He is a true leader on these issues, and he continues to re-store the Everglades to their natural state. 
Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Mr. Chairman, I 
actually came here to thank Chairman S
IMPSON for putting together this great 
bill, a responsible bill and, again, for 
putting up with me and working with me on issues dealing with Everglades restoration. I don’t have to tell any-body here that is a national treasure. It is important not only for southern Florida’s drinking water, but also for our economy. 
I also want to specifically thank the 
chairman for his help in the Herbert Hoover Dike, which is crucial, again, for the folks in that area. 
Again, Mr. Chairman, this is a great 
bill. Chairman S
IMPSON has a very dif-
ficult task. He has done a spectacular job. Again, thank you, sir, for working with me on these important issues. 
Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
3 minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. L
EE). Ms. LEE. Let me thank the gentle-
woman for yielding. Once again, con-gratulations on bringing this impor-tant bill to the floor. 
I wanted to thank you for the chance 
to really engage and for your willing-ness to address an issue of critical im-portance to the Nation’s innovation and competitiveness, that is the full utilization of the Department of Ener-gy’s radiation light source national user facilities. 
Unfortunately, the funding level in 
this bill for DOE’s light source sci-entific user facilities would not utilize our Federal investment to the fullest effect. This would lead to facilities temporarily shutting down and laying off and furloughing scientific staff. 
The fiscal year ’15 enacted level for 
this program was $447 million. Now, the President has requested $477 mil-lion, but the House mark is $443 mil-lion. 
My colleagues and I look forward to 
working with you to address this issue in conference and with the Senate and to work toward a higher mark for this account, at least higher than fiscal year ’15 and hopefully closer to the President’s budget. 
Again, I want to thank you for your 
leadership and for your willingness to work with us on this important issue. 
Mr. HONDA. Will the gentlewoman 
yield? 
Ms. LEE. I yield to the gentleman 
from California. 
Mr. HONDA. Mr. Chairman and 
Ranking Member K
APTUR , I echo my 
colleague’s comments and thank you for your collegial leadership of the sub-committee. 
Funding the synchrotron light 
sources adequately is a competitive-ness issue for the Nation’s economic well-being. Companies from my dis-trict, throughout Silicon Valley and around the Nation, utilize these unique, large-scale scientific facilities to advance next generation tech-nologies and to grow our Nation’s econ-omy. 
Other nations are catching up. We 
must make sure to make the invest-ments that retain our leadership. Thank you for your willingness to ad-dress this issue. 
Mr. SIMPSON. Will the gentlewoman 
yield? 
Ms. LEE. I yield to the gentleman 
from Idaho. 
Mr. SIMPSON. I thank you for bring-
ing this important issue to the sub-committee’s attention. I look forward to working with Ranking Member K
AP-
TURand all of you to support the Na-
tion’s light source user facilities as we move forward into conference. 
Ms. KAPTUR. I also appreciate the 
Members bringing this to our atten-tion, having visited more than one of these facilities and look forward to working with the chairman to support this very worthy activity. 
Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, it is 
my pleasure to yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Washington (Mr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:13 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00129 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29AP7.160 H29APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2632 April 29, 2015 
NEWHOUSE ), a new Member of Congress 
who has been very active and who has been newly appointed to the Rules Committee for the purpose of a col-loquy. 
Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Chairman, Han-
ford is the Nation’s largest and most complex Department of Energy defense nuclear cleanup site. I have greatly ap-preciated your willingness to work with me to ensure funding for this im-portant effort. 
The restoration of funds for cleanup 
along the Columbia River Corridor, which is legally required and a priority for the mid-Columbia region, puts those projects on a very strong path forward. 
I also appreciate the funding pro-
vided for the Office of River Protec-tion. As the final bill is developed for fiscal year ’16, I would like to continue working with you to ensure that all of the work that the Federal Government is legally obligated to do is realized. 
I am particularly concerned with en-
suring that work is able to progress on retrieving Hanford’s tank waste and preparing to feed an operational waste treatment plant while providing suffi-cient resources to meet near-term reg-ulatory requirements in the tank farms. 
Mr. SIMPSON. Will the gentleman 
yield? 
Mr. NEWHOUSE. I yield to the gen-
tleman from Idaho. 
Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I 
would like to thank the gentleman from Washington for his strong advo-cacy for these important cleanup ac-tivities. I agree they are probably the most important in this country. 
I look forward to working with him 
to ensure that activities at Hanford’s tank farms and at the waste treatment plant receive the funding required to move forward safely, efficiently, and in a timely manner. 
Mr. NEWHOUSE. I thank the gen-
tleman and look forward to working with him, as well as the ranking mem-ber from Ohio, in the future. 
Ms. KAPTUR. I have no further re-
quests for time, so I yield back the bal-ance of my time in the interests of moving forward with the bill. 
Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, it is 
my pleasure to yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. G
IBBS). 
Mr. GIBBS. I thank the gentleman 
for yielding. 
Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support 
of H.R. 2028, the Energy and Water De-velopment Appropriations bill for fis-cal year 2016. 
Not only does the underlying bill 
support funding for critical infrastruc-ture in our country, but also includes several important provisions a major-ity of the Members in this body are concerned with. 
Section 105 provides an excellent 
backstop for ensuring the EPA’s con-troversial waters of United States rule does not go forward in its current state. This rule is nothing more than a Federal power grab for the EPA and it flies in the face of two Supreme Court 
decisions. The agencies themselves have admitted to Congress, in multiple hearings, that the proposed rule has created confusion and uncertainty. 
I want to thank the chairman for in-
cluding this necessary backstop provi-sion that will help stop this rule from wreaking havoc on farmers, businesses, families, and the entire regulated com-munity. This rule could potentially roll back the progress we have made in our Nation’s water quality by insti-tuting burdensome permitting costs and unnecessary red tape. 
Another important provision pro-
hibits the Corps from using funds for open lake placement of dredge material in Lake Erie, unless the material is ap-
proved under the State water quality certification program. We all know the benefits of dredging and how vital it is to the Great Lakes system’s eco-system, businesses, recreation, and tourism. 
We must ensure dredged material is 
safely repurposed for beneficial use or placed in a confined disposal facility. If dredged sediment is placed in Lake Erie now, research shows increased PCB levels in the fish could cause sig-nificant setbacks to the recreational community. 
In a time where our Great Lakes’ 
water quality is threatened by algae and other contaminants, we must en-sure we do not add to the problem. 
I am also pleased to see my common-
sense legislation included in the under-lying bill to grant law-abiding gun owners the ability to exercise their Second Amendment rights when they are legally camping, hunting, and fish-ing on Army Corps property. 
I thank Representative S
IMPSON and 
Ranking Member K APTUR for recog-
nizing the importance of these provi-sions and for putting together a bill that sets appropriate levels. 
Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, it is 
now my pleasure to yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. R
EED) for the purpose of a colloquy. 
Mr. REED. Mr. Chairman, I thank 
Chairman S IMPSON for providing me 
time to engage in this colloquy. 
Through working with the chairman 
and others, the House was able to pass the Revitalize American Manufac-turing and Innovation Act last year, and the legislation was signed into law. 
b2100 
This legislation is designed to bring 
manufacturing in our country to the next level by increasing global com-petitiveness and training the workforce of tomorrow through the establishment of centers throughout the country. 
As some of these centers lie within 
the purview of the Energy and Water Appropriations bill, I want to take this opportunity to thank the chairman for working with me on this issue and to clarify that this bill we are considering today funds the establishment of at least one new center that can be co-ordinated with the Department of Com-merce. With that, I thank the chairman. 
Mr. SIMPSON. I appreciate my 
friend’s leadership on the Revitalize American Manufacturing and Innova-tion Act and can confirm that this bill funds the establishment of at least one new center. I look forward to working with you on these issues in the future and as this bill moves forward. 
Mr. REED. I thank the gentleman. Mr. SIMPSON. With that, Mr. Chair-
man, I believe we have no more re-quests for time on general debate and look forward to moving forward on the bill. 
Like my colleague from Ohio, I yield 
back the balance of my time. 
The CHAIR. All time for general de-
bate has expired. 
Pursuant to the rule, the bill shall be 
considered for amendment under the 5- minute rule. 
During consideration of the bill for 
amendment each amendment shall be debatable for 10 minutes equally di-vided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent and shall not be sub-ject to amendment. No pro forma amendment shall be in order except that the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Appro-priations or their respective designees may offer up to 10 pro forma amend-ments each at any point for the pur-pose of debate. The chair of the Com-mittee of the Whole may accord pri-ority in recognition on the basis of whether the Member offering an amendment has caused it to be printed in the portion of the C
ONGRESSIONAL  
RECORD designated for that purpose. 
Amendments so printed shall be con-sidered read. 
The Clerk will read. The Clerk read as follows: 
H.R. 2028 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That the following sums 
are appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for en-ergy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes, namely: 
TITLE I—CORPS OF ENGINEERS—CIVIL 
DEPARTMENT OF THE ARMY 
C
ORPS OF ENGINEERS —CIVIL 
The following appropriations shall be ex-
pended under the direction of the Secretary of the Army and the supervision of the Chief of Engineers for authorized civil functions of the Department of the Army pertaining to river and harbor, flood and storm damage re-duction, shore protection, aquatic ecosystem restoration, and related efforts. 
INVESTIGATIONS  
For expenses necessary where authorized 
by law for the collection and study of basic information pertaining to river and harbor, flood and storm damage reduction, shore protection, aquatic ecosystem restoration, and related needs; for surveys and detailed studies, and plans and specifications of pro-posed river and harbor, flood and storm dam-age reduction, shore protection, and aquatic ecosystem restoration projects, and related efforts prior to construction; for restudy of authorized projects; and for miscellaneous investigations, and, when authorized by law, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:13 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00130 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29AP7.161 H29APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2633 April 29, 2015 
surveys and detailed studies, and plans and 
specifications of projects prior to construc-tion, $110,000,000, to remain available until expended. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . GOSAR  
Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chairman, I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
The CHAIR. The Clerk will report the 
amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 3, line 4, after the dollar amount, in-
sert ‘‘(increased by $1,000,000)’’. 
Page 27, line 13, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(reduced by $1,000,000)’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-
lution 223, the gentleman from Arizona and a Member opposed each will con-trol 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Arizona. 
Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chairman, I rise to 
offer an amendment which will help re-duce the large backlog of important Army Corps of Engineers projects. 
This amendment transfers $1 million 
from the Department of Energy’s De-partmental administration budget to the Corps of Engineers’ investigations budget to bring it closer to the fiscal year 2015 enacted appropriation level. 
The investigation account funds the 
planning and environmental studies re-quired under law for important Corps projects prior to construction. There is a large backlog of worthwhile Corps projects throughout the country that are essential to improving infrastruc-tures for communities, improving eco-system restoration, providing clean water, and expanding much-needed water storage. These projects are espe-cially critical to the drought-stricken communities in the West and many other parts of the Nation. 
The committee showed great insight 
in recognizing that the administra-tion’s request for the Corps’ investiga-tion budget was much too low. Having said that, the amount appropriated in this bill is still $12 million below the fiscal year 2015 levels. At a time of his-toric drought and major water chal-lenges, we shouldn’t be reducing inves-tigation dollars that will allow worth-while community projects to move for-ward. 
The committee has provided signifi-
cant safeguards in the report to ensure the funds transferred by this amend-ment will go to the studies in planning for the most viable projects. Thus, sup-port for this amendment is a definitive action we can take to directly support timely development of critical infra-structure projects. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
amendment. 
I thank the distinguished chair and 
ranking member for their work on this bill. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
The CHAIR. The question is on the 
amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. G
OSAR ). 
The amendment was agreed to. The Clerk will read. The Clerk read as follows: CONSTRUCTION  
For expenses necessary for the construc-
tion of river and harbor, flood and storm damage reduction, shore protection, aquatic ecosystem restoration, and related projects authorized by law; for conducting detailed studies, and plans and specifications, of such projects (including those involving participa-tion by States, local governments, or private groups) authorized or made eligible for selec-tion by law (but such detailed studies, and plans and specifications, shall not constitute a commitment of the Government to con-struction); $1,631,000,000, to remain available until expended; of which such sums as are necessary to cover the Federal share of con-struction costs for facilities under the Dredged Material Disposal Facilities pro-gram shall be derived from the Harbor Main-tenance Trust Fund as authorized by Public Law 104–303; and of which such sums as are necessary to cover one-half of the costs of construction, replacement, rehabilitation, and expansion of inland waterways projects shall be derived from the Inland Waterways Trust Fund, except as otherwise specifically provided for in law. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . GOSAR  
Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chairman, I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
The CHAIR. The Clerk will report the 
amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 3, line 16, after the dollar amount, in-
sert ‘‘(increased by $3,000,000)’’. 
Page 27, line 13, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(reduced by $3,000,000)’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-
lution 223, the gentleman from Arizona and a Member opposed each will con-trol 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Arizona. 
Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chairman, I rise to 
offer another commonsense amend-ment that will help reduce the large backlog of important Army Corps of Engineers’ projects by providing addi-tional resources to the Corps’ construc-tion budget. 
I applaud the committee for recom-
mending resources for the Corps of En-gineers’ construction budget above the President’s budget request, but the rec-ommended level in this bill for con-struction is still $8.5 million beneath the fiscal year 2015 level. 
A devastating drought is currently 
plaguing the West. CRS estimates that more than 93 percent of the State of California is experiencing severe drought. Other scientists have claimed this is the worst drought for some Western States in more than 100 years and that approximately 60 percent of the West is ‘‘experiencing moderate drought or worse, affecting 52 million people.’’ 
At a time of historic drought and 
major water challenges, we shouldn’t be reducing construction dollars for Corps projects that improve infrastruc-ture for local communities, improve ecosystem restoration, provide clean water, and expand much-needed water storage. 
The committee report on this bill 
raised some important concerns about the draconian cuts proposed by this ad-ministration to the Corps of Engineers’ construction budget. From the committee report: ‘‘The 
construction account would see the largest dollar reduction ($467,489,000) and largest percentage reduction (29 percent) . . . As mentioned above, the budget request is woefully inadequate for meeting the critical water resource infrastructure needs of this Nation. Numerous continuing studies and con-struction projects will be suspended or slowed, leaving many communities vul-nerable to floods and coastal storms longer than necessary and hindering economic growth and international competitiveness . . . Once again, the administration’s claims to understand the importance of infrastructure ring hollow when it comes to water resource infrastructure investments . . . Once again, however, the committee rejects the low priority placed on infrastruc-ture in the budget request.’’ 
The committee has provided signifi-
cant safeguards in the report that will ensure that the funds transferred by this amendment go to the best projects, including those that will pre-vent future flooding and storm damage, create jobs, and enhance national, re-gional, or local economic development. 
Support for this amendment is defini-
tive action that we can take to directly support timely development of critical water projects that benefit commu-nities throughout the Nation. 
I thank the distinguished chair and 
ranking member. 
With that, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I claim 
the time in opposition to the amend-ment, even though I am not opposed to the gentleman’s amendment. 
The CHAIR. Without objection, the 
gentleman from Idaho is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. SIMPSON. But I will tell you it 
is easy to draft amendments and take money out of the department of the ad-ministration—who is not going to be in support of that—and put it to other things. 
I can tell you this committee has 
worked hard to address the issues. We know about the drought in California and other places, and we have done a good job in trying to fund this. If the gentleman wants to do this in here and take money out of the department of administration and the committee wants to do it, it is kind of meaning-less, but I understand what the gen-tleman is trying to do. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOSAR. I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
The CHAIR. The question is on the 
amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. G
OSAR ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . MURPHY OF  
FLORIDA  
Mr. MURPHY of Florida. Mr. Chair-
man, I have an amendment at the desk. 
The CHAIR. The Clerk will report the 
amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:13 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00131 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29AP7.129 H29APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2634 April 29, 2015 
Page 3. line 16, after the dollar amount, in-
sert ‘‘(increased by $1,000,000)’’. 
Page 7, line 3, after the dollar amount, in-
sert ‘‘(decreased by $1,000,000)’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-
lution 223, the gentleman from Florida and a Member opposed each will con-trol 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Florida. 
Mr. MURPHY of Florida. Mr. Chair-
man, I want to thank the chair and ranking member for their extremely hard work on the underlying bill and their ongoing commitment to Ever-glades restoration. 
I rise because, at this very moment 
in my district in Florida, toxic blue- green algae is threatening the environ-ment in our area. The amendment I am 
offering, along with the gentleman from Florida, Mr. C
LAWSON , will en-
hance the Army Corps’ environmental restoration efforts in south Florida and help put a stop to this vicious cycle once and for all. 
The Everglades watershed stretches 
as far north as Orlando, where runoff eventually flows into Lake Okee-chobee. Due to rapid development, the natural flow of water from north to south in the system has been severely disrupted, and we are inundated with freshwater discharges that harm our communities to the east and to the west of the lake. 
Meanwhile, Florida Bay desperately 
needs freshwater to restore its natural ecology. However, moving clean water south to restore the entire ecosystem is no small feat. 
I had the chance to explain to Presi-
dent Obama last week on his first trip to the Everglades how freshwater dis-charges are hurting our community while freshwater is desperately needed in the Florida Bay, and how critical the Everglades restoration efforts are throughout the whole system. 
Supporting the Corps’ ongoing work 
in the Everglades is key for water qual-ity in the Caloosahatchee River water-shed, which includes Ft. Myers and Cape Coral, the St. Lucie River water-shed in the Treasure Coast and Palm Beaches that I represent, and through-out Florida. 
Right now, a toxic blue-green algae 
bloom pictured here is threatening wa-terways in the most biodiverse estuary in all of North America. When toxic blooms hit our water, health advisories like this are posted—right here—warn-ing people do not touch the very water that is the center of their livelihoods. 
Supporting the Corps’ Everglades 
work can help move restoration projects closer to completion, like the C–44 reservoir in Martin County, which will help hold water back from further harming the local population and eco-logically fragile areas. 
This is not the first time I have come 
to the House floor to address this issue. Every year, our communities face this same threat. And to the people that I represent, it is unsustainable, and it is time to stop this before lasting damage is done. I, along with many people committed 
to protecting our water and our com-munity, will not rest until the health advisories posted along our rivers and estuaries disappear once and for all. These aren’t just our precious Ever-glades in Florida. This ecosystem is America’s River of Grass with no place like it in the world. It must be pro-tected at all costs. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
amendment, and I yield the balance of my time to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. C
LAWSON ), who has been a tireless 
champion on Everglades restoration. 
b2115 
Mr. CLAWSON of Florida. Thank you 
to Representative M URPHY for his great 
leadership on this issue, and particu-larly thank you to the chairman, Mr. S
IMPSON , for his leadership and success 
in this endeavor. 
Mr. Chairman, my first steps towards 
Congress began one summer day 2 years ago while I was wading in the Gulf of Mexico with my father, who is in the autumn of his lifetime. Walking beside my dad in knee-deep depth, the old vet and I couldn’t see our own toes because of the dirty water. Dad looked at me, and he said, ‘‘Son, do something about this.’’ 
The Gulf had been contaminated by 
the discharge from Lake Okeechobee. The algae was in full bloom—toxic algae in our Gulf. Two years later, I humbly stand here and ask you: Please join me. Let’s do something about this. 
Clean water is both an environmental 
issue and a business issue. The dirty discharges damage our tourism, our economy, our drinking water, our beaches, our businesses, and our na-tional treasure, the Everglades. The Federal Government and the State of Florida are already working to restore the Everglades with a larger freshwater supply, but we can do more. 
I am asking you to help here by vot-
ing ‘‘yes’’ on this Murphy-Clawson amendment in order to help expedite projects like the critical South Florida Ecosystem Restoration and the Her-bert Hoover Dike. 
Mr. MURPHY of Florida. Mr. Chair-
man, I yield back the balance of my time. 
The CHAIR. The question is on the 
amendment offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. M
URPHY ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . DUFFY  
Mr. DUFFY. Mr. Chairman, I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
The CHAIR. The Clerk will report the 
amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 3, line 16, after the dollar amount, in-
sert ‘‘(reduced by $10,000,000) (increased by $10,000,000)’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-
lution 223, the gentleman from Wis-consin and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Wisconsin. 
Mr. DUFFY. Mr. Chairman, I appre-
ciate the opportunity to offer this amendment and to speak in support of 
a program that is important to my constituents and to all of those around the Great Lakes. 
The Great Lakes Fishery and Eco-
system Restoration, also known as ‘‘GLFER,’’ is responsible for the plan-ning, design, and construction of projects to protect and restore the fish-eries and aquatic habitat of the Great Lakes. These projects include the res-toration of riverside and wetland habi-tats, the construction of fish passages, and improving spawning and nursery habitats. A critical part of this pro-gram is that it requires a 35 percent cost share from a local sponsor. So it is not just Federal money. It is local money as well to fund this project. 
GLFER is widely supported by those 
with a stake in the Great Lakes, in-cluding the Great Lakes Commission, the Alliance for the Great Lakes, the Great Lakes Fishery Commission, and the Great Lakes fishing community. 
Al House of Washburn, Wisconsin, 
one of my constituents and a board member of the Apostle Islands Sport Fisherman’s Association, recently shared with me the importance of this program. He recounted: ‘‘In recent dis-cussions with groups in Lake Superi-or’s basin, sport fishermen are in unan-imous agreement that the GLFER pro-gram offers invaluable support to fish-ery habitat and ecosystem restoration projects that maintain and restore the health of our Great Lakes.’’ 
This program has broad bipartisan 
support and the backing of environ-mental, industry, and recreational groups. Not often in this House do we see this kind of support across the spectrum. 
It is authorized under WRRDA, simi-
lar to other regional restoration pro-grams in south Florida and the Lou-isiana coastline, which are funded by the Army Corps of Engineers in this bill. Unfortunately, for the past several years, the Corps has chosen to include no funding for this program in the budget request. This is despite the calls from Congress to do so. In fact, lan-guage in the final funding bill for fiscal year 2015 urged the Corps to ‘‘budget for this aquatic habitat restoration program in future budget submissions as it is important to the overall Great Lakes Restoration effort.’’ Again, they didn’t include it in their budget. 
This amendment is intended to en-
sure that the Army Corps actually pro-vides the $10 million necessary for the GLFER program in this fiscal year. This program should not have to rely on funding from other Great Lakes pro-grams or wait for the leftovers of the Corps’ to fund this very important project. I would hope that the Corps would follow the advice of Congress and actually account for this program in next year’s budget request—actually listen to us. 
I want to thank Chair Simpson and 
Ranking Member K
APTUR for their 
work on this legislation and for their support on this issue. I would urge my 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:13 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00132 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29AP7.149 H29APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2635 April 29, 2015 
colleagues to support our Great Lakes, 
to support our fish, and to support this bipartisan effort. 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chairman, I claim 
the time in opposition, although I am not opposed to the gentleman’s amend-ment. 
The CHAIR. Without objection, the 
gentlewoman from Ohio is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chairman, I just 
want to say to my fellow Great Lakes member that I appreciate his coming down here tonight at this late hour and representing the interests of the Great Lakes. We need stronger voices, and you, obviously, are one of those. 
I am so glad that you are calling the 
Corps to task to pay attention to our region and to all of the improvements that are necessary to deal with the most vital body of freshwater on the face of the Earth and, certainly, in our country. I want to thank you very much, Congressman D
UFFY , for your 
proposal. I think that the Corps will hear you. Many of us want to work with you and to do what we can to help not just this generation but those that follow in having access to this globally critical, precious freshwater resource that we call the Great Lakes. Thank you so very much for coming down this evening. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DUFFY. Mr. Chairman, I thank 
Ms. K
APTUR for her support of this 
amendment and for all of her work on the Great Lakes. 
It is remarkable that we have such a 
wonderful bipartisan group that has a wide variety of opinions in this Cham-ber but that comes together to support the health and well-being of our Great Lakes and of our fisheries. Thank you for your support. 
Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of 
my time. 
Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
back the balance of my time. 
The CHAIR. The question is on the 
amendment offered by the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. D
UFFY ). 
The amendment was agreed to. The CHAIR. The Clerk will read. The Clerk read as follows: 
MISSISSIPPI RIVER AND TRIBUTARIES  
For expenses necessary for flood damage 
reduction projects and related efforts in the Mississippi River alluvial valley below Cape Girardeau, Missouri, as authorized by law, $275,000,000, to remain available until ex-pended, of which such sums as are necessary to cover the Federal share of eligible oper-ation and maintenance costs for inland har-bors shall be derived from the Harbor Main-tenance Trust Fund. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . CRAWFORD  
Mr. CRAWFORD. Mr. Chairman, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I re-
serve a point of order against the gen-tleman’s amendment. 
The CHAIR. A point of order is re-
served. 
The Clerk will report the amend-
ment. The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 4, line 7, after the dollar amount, in-
sert ‘‘(increased by $27,000,000)’’. 
Page 21, line 5, after the dollar amount, in-
sert ‘‘(reduced by $96,000,000)’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-
lution 223, the gentleman from Arkan-sas and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Arkansas. 
Mr. CRAWFORD. First, let me thank 
the committee chairman and the staffs for their hard work in putting this bill together. I know it has taken a lot of time and the work of a lot of people to get it here today. 
Mr. Chairman, my amendment re-
stores funding for the Mississippi River and Tributaries Project, which is the largest flood control project in the world, to its FY15 enacted levels. The MR&T is critical in preventing widely devastating floods and to ensure this waterway remains open and able to carry the massive stream of trade that is so vital to American commerce. The Mississippi River is a thriving eco-nomic thoroughfare in the United States, with billions of tons of cargo being transported up and down the river each year. 
The MR&T has played an integral 
role in protecting the lower Mississippi valley from floods and enabling contin-uous navigation along the Mississippi River and its tributaries. Since its in-ception in 1928, our Nation has received $45 for every dollar invested while pre-venting $612 billion in flood damages and protecting 4 million residents of the lower Mississippi River valley. The success of the project was on display in 2011, when the system withheld historic flooding that exceeded the benchmark set by the very 1927 flood which spurred the creation of the MR&T. 
Not only does the MR&T protect 
lives and property in the lower Mis-sissippi valley, but it also promotes navigation along the river and its trib-utaries, and it helps support a vibrant agriculture economy. Over 500 million tons of cargo move on the Mississippi River system each year, saving billions of dollars in domestic transportation costs and giving U.S. businesses a nat-ural advantage. 
At a time when the fiscal environ-
ment forces us to carefully evaluate where every dollar goes, I believe it is prudent to sufficiently fund projects like those covered under MR&T, which give taxpayers a return on their invest-ment. I urge the support of this critical project. 
I thank the chairman for his consid-
eration, and I look forward to con-tinuing to work with the committee and the chairman through the appro-priations process on this critical in-vestment in the Midsouth region. 
Mr. Chair, at this time, I ask unani-
mous consent to withdraw my amend-ment. 
The CHAIR. Is there objection to the 
request of the gentleman from Arkan-sas? There was no objection. 
The CHAIR. The Clerk will read. The Clerk read as follows: 
OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE  
For expenses necessary for the operation, 
maintenance, and care of existing river and harbor, flood and storm damage reduction, aquatic ecosystem restoration, and related projects authorized by law; providing secu-rity for infrastructure owned or operated by the Corps, including administrative build-ings and laboratories; maintaining harbor channels provided by a State, municipality, or other public agency that serve essential navigation needs of general commerce, where authorized by law; surveying and charting northern and northwestern lakes and connecting waters; clearing and straightening channels; and removing ob-structions to navigation, $3,058,000,000, to re-main available until expended, of which such sums as are necessary to cover the Federal share of eligible operation and maintenance costs for coastal harbors and channels, and 
for inland harbors shall be derived from the Harbor Maintenance Trust Fund; of which such sums as become available from the spe-cial account for the Corps of Engineers es-tablished by the Land and Water Conserva-tion Fund Act of 1965 shall be derived from that account for resource protection, re-search, interpretation, and maintenance ac-tivities related to resource protection in the areas at which outdoor recreation is avail-able; and of which such sums as become available from fees collected under section 217 of Public Law 104–303 shall be used to cover the cost of operation and maintenance of the dredged material disposal facilities for which such fees have been collected: Pro-
vided , That 1 percent of the total amount of 
funds provided for each of the programs, projects, or activities funded under this heading shall not be allocated to a field oper-ating activity prior to the beginning of the fourth quarter of the fiscal year and shall be available for use by the Chief of Engineers to fund such emergency activities as the Chief of Engineers determines to be necessary and appropriate, and that the Chief of Engineers shall allocate during the fourth quarter any remaining funds which have not been used for emergency activities proportionally in accordance with the amounts provided for the programs, projects, or activities. 
AMENDMENT NO . 6 OFFERED BY MR . HUIZENGA  
OF MICHIGAN  
Mr. HUIZENGA of Michigan. Mr. 
Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. 
The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate 
the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 4, line 24, after the dollar amount, in-
sert ‘‘(increased by $36,306,000)’’. 
Page 27, line 13, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(reduced by $36,720,000)’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-
lution 223, the gentleman from Michi-gan and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Michigan. 
Mr. HUIZENGA of Michigan. Mr. 
Chairman, I rise this evening to offer an amendment, along with my friend, the gentlewoman from California (Ms. H
AHN), to ensure that the Federal Gov-
ernment meets its obligations to our ports, to our harbors, and, frankly, to the American people. 
Just last year, this body overwhelm-
ingly passed the Water Resources Re-form and Development Act, WRRDA, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:13 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00133 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29AP7.173 H29APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2636 April 29, 2015 
by a vote of 412–4. It was later then 
signed into law by President Obama. WRRDA includes a glide path to in-crease harbor maintenance funding to a level collected through the harbor maintenance tax, directing Congress this fiscal year to spend 69 percent of all of the funds collected from the user fee of that harbor maintenance. Now, that is just 69 percent this year with a 10-year glide path, and we are pleased that we are going to be able to use all of that funding for its intended pur-pose. 
While I was hoping to achieve full ex-
penditure for the trust fund right away, I was willing to compromise on this glide path as a step in the right di-rection. Unfortunately, the current version of the Energy and Water bill falls short of the mark by just over $36 million. 
I would like thank the chairman for 
working with us on a bipartisan and, I should say, a bicoastal way with my coming from the west side of Michigan, the west coast of Michigan—and we have got the West Coast of the country with California—and for finding a bi-partisan solution to hit the target and offset the cost by reducing spending elsewhere. 
We can hit this WRRDA target, and 
we believe that this will ensure that the 140 federally maintained commer-cial and recreational ports and harbors in the Great Lakes will be adequately maintained. These Federal harbor channels, like Pentwater, White Lake, Ludington, Muskegon, Holland, and Grand Haven, in my district, are the lifeblood of these very communities. Let’s keep our promise to these com-munities and to the taxpayers who sup-port this and allow their ports and har-bors to be engines of economic growth and create jobs for American workers, farmers, and manufacturers. 
Again, thank you for working with 
us, Mr. Chairman. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. HAHN. Mr. Chairman, I rise in 
opposition, although I do not oppose the amendment. 
The CHAIR. Without objection, the 
gentlewoman from California is recog-nized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Ms. HAHN. I yield myself such time 
as I may consume. 
Mr. Chairman, I join my colleague 
and good friend from Michigan in offer-ing the Huizenga-Hahn amendment to the Energy and Water Appropriations bill in order to utilize the harbor main-tenance trust fund at the target set forth in the recently passed Water Re-sources Reform and Development Act. As my colleague said, this is a very im-portant part of what we compromised on in the WRRDA bill. 
As a Representative of the Nation’s 
busiest port complex in Los Angeles, along with Long Beach, and as the co-founder of the Ports Caucus, along with T
EDPOE, I have fought so hard 
since the first day I came to Congress to increase the funding for our Nation’s ports and to fully utilize this harbor 
maintenance trust fund to ensure that the money that is collected at our ports goes back to our ports. 
b2130 
After working for months with my 
colleagues, we reached a plan to finally put the harbor maintenance trust fund to work and fully utilize it by 2025, but this bill on the floor today fails to fol-low the law we passed just last year with an overwhelming vote of 404–4. This bill is $36 million behind our tar-gets. For our Nation to remain globally competitive, we need to fund our port infrastructure. 
According to the Army Corps of En-
gineers, we need to fully fund our har-bor maintenance tax for 5 years to fully dredge our ports. Ports are cru-cial across this country. Americans ex-pect to go to Target and have tennis shoes or toys on its shelves; our farm-ers need efficient ports to export our agriculture products, and we cannot let America’s infrastructure crumble. That is unacceptable. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HUIZENGA of Michigan. Mr. 
Chairman, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. R
OUZER ). 
Mr. ROUZER. Mr. Chairman, I en-
courage my colleagues to support this amendment because it is critically im-portant that we provide the necessary funding to ensure that our ports are fully dredged and properly maintained. The port in Wilmington, North Caro-lina, plays a vital role in helping our State’s farmers and other businesses export their goods to foreign markets. 
In fact, a recent study showed that 
Wilmington’s port contributes $14 bil-lion toward North Carolina’s economy and supports, both directly and indi-rectly, nearly 77,000 jobs in our State. Without the proper funding, our ports will continue to deteriorate, and we risk putting our farmers and local in-dustry—indeed, America—at a com-petitive disadvantage. 
Ms. HAHN. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. G
ENEGREEN ). 
Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. 
Chairman, I rise to speak in favor of the Huizenga and Hahn amendment. First, I would like to commend our Committee on Appropriations’ efforts on the increased Army Corps of Engi-neers budget on the navigation safety and efficiency. 
The committee’s work this year, de-
spite very low numbers from the budg-et, has been difficult. I would like to thank the chair, ranking member, and staff for your hard work in working with us. 
In Texas, we have serious energy and 
water infrastructure needs. Rep-resenting a large part of the Port of Houston, our need for operation and maintenance, as well as construction money, is significant. I greatly appre-ciate the committee’s efforts to fund our needs by appropriating more than $32 million for harbor maintenance, but 
this amount does not reflect the amount the Port of Houston needs or the amount of revenue it generates. The Port of Houston is the second larg-est port in the country by tonnage. The Port of Houston ranks number one in foreign tonnage. 
For dredging operations alone, the 
Port of Houston requires more than $50 million annually. Currently, the Port of Houston has a backlog of projects with the Corps of Engineers totaling almost $100 million. 
The Port of Houston generates sig-
nificant tax revenue, both for the State and Federal Government. To meet the challenges and opportunities of the 21st century, the Port of Houston needs the funding allocated from the harbor maintenance trust fund. 
The Water Resources Reform and De-
velopment Act, WRRDA, requires that 69 percent of harbor maintenance trust fund fees be spent on related activities. While the energy and water appropri-ators have done great things with lim-ited resources, this bill shortchanges the Port of Houston and many other ports across the country. 
I support the Huizenga-Hahn amend-
ment. The approximately $37 million shortfall significantly impacts the ability of the Port of Houston to re-ceive larger ships, and it is our job to meet these demands. 
I ask my colleagues to support the 
Huizenga and Hahn amendment. 
Mr. HUIZENGA of Michigan. Mr. 
Chair, at this time, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. A
BRAHAM ). 
Mr. ABRAHAM. Mr. Chair, I want to 
thank Chairman S IMPSON for putting 
the money for the whole E and W bill. 
Mr. Chair, I rise in support of this 
amendment to ensure that Congress re-mains faithful to its obligation to fund important infrastructure projects. The harbor maintenance trust fund takes in enough revenue each year to provide the necessary maintenance of our har-bor ports and channels. 
However, for years, expenditure of 
these funds has failed to keep up with the annual revenues. This amendment would simply keep us on schedule to hit the harbor maintenance target au-thorized by law in the Water Resource Reform and Development Act. 
This fund helps the Army Corps of 
Engineers provide dredging and main-tenance for critical ports and channels throughout the country. In my district alone, these funds have been used to provide needed dredging at the Lake Providence Harbor, the Madison Parish Port, and ensure that the Ouachita and 
Black Rivers and the J. Bennett John-ston Waterway remain open to trans-portation and commerce. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
amendment that will keep our Nation’s critical arteries open for business. 
Ms. HAHN. Mr. Chairman, I just real-
ly want to thank Chairman S
IMPSON  
and Ranking Member K APTUR for al-
lowing us to offer this amendment to-night. I really want to thank my col-league, Mr. H
UIZENGA , for his incredible 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:13 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00134 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29AP7.179 H29APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2637 April 29, 2015 
passion and his ability to move this 
forward in a way that was acceptable tonight. 
I think our ports and waterways 
across this country will thank the gen-tleman, but more importantly, I really believe that, when our ports and water-ways are strong, this country will be strong, and I thank the gentleman very much for that. 
I urge all my colleagues to support 
the Huizenga-Hahn amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HUIZENGA of Michigan. Mr. 
Chair, I, too, want to thank my col-league, Ms. H
AHN, for her work on the 
Huizenga-Hahn amendment. It has been a pleasure to work with her over a few years as we have gone to battle over this issue and for this issue; and ultimately, as she pointed out, having a port system that is functional, that is usable, is critical to the economy of our Nation. 
I, too, want to thank Chairman S
IMP-
SONfor his work and willingness to sit 
down and work through some issues with us. I pledge to the chairman—and I know Representative H
AHN does as 
well—that, as we are going through this process, we will continue to refine how the harbor maintenance trust fund works, and I look forward to having this amendment be passed. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
Mr. SIMPSON. I move to strike the 
last word. 
The CHAIR. The gentleman from 
Idaho is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chair, I want to 
thank the gentleman from Michigan and the gentlelady from California for working with us on this. 
What a lot of people may not under-
stand is the challenge that presents us with the harbor maintenance trust fund and the way it is scored and the way it is counted for. I am one who be-lieves that, if you have got a problem and you are going to tax people in order to address that problem, you ought to spend the money that you are receiving to address the problem. 
Instead, what happens is we spend— 
as I think the gentleman said, 69 per-cent is the target—we will only spend 69 percent of what came in this year in the harbor maintenance trust fund on actually dredging the harbors and so forth. That seems rather silly. I think we ought to be able to spend it all if we have got a problem. If we are not going to spend it all, we shouldn’t tax it. 
The problem is the way we score 
things and the budget around here is that we are given an overall cap in the Subcommittee on Energy and Water Development and Related Agencies of the Committee on Appropriations. We have to have our total bill come in under that cap. 
If we spend more money in the har-
bor maintenance area, even though we have that money in a trust fund, then we have to decrease spending in every-thing else, such as the other energy portions of the bill or something like that, so increasing it even more de-
creases what we can spend in other needed areas. That is the challenge we face. 
What I would like to do is work with 
all of the supporters of the harbor maintenance trust fund to find a way that we can address this issue—it is really an issue created by us—but ad-dress this issue so that the funds that we collect in the harbor maintenance trust fund can actually go out and do what we expect them to do. 
I do appreciate the gentlelady from 
California and the gentleman from Michigan and the others that are inter-ested. I should mention the other gen-tleman from Louisiana that is not here that has been an advocate for this for many years and many Congresses, Mr. B
OUSTANY . I do thank you for working 
on this and working with the com-mittee to try to address this to see if we can get up to the target. 
The other thing is it was said that we 
didn’t reach the target in this. While it depends on kind of how you look at it, there are, as you know, other purposes for which the harbor maintenance trust fund is spent, Saint Lawrence Seaway and also for one of the other accounts in transportation for border security and stuff. 
If you count those in the total spend-
ing of WRRDA, it probably does come close to reaching the target, as long as those committees appropriate what was requested. I don’t know whether they will or not, but if they do. 
I think working in a bipartisan way, 
we have come up with the best we can do to address this. I know it is of high importance to all Members of Con-gress. I thank the gentlelady and the gentleman for working with the com-mittee. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the 
amendment offered by the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. H
UIZENGA ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . RICE OF SOUTH  
CAROLINA  
Mr. RICE of South Carolina. I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The CHAIR. The Clerk will report the 
amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 4, line 24, after the dollar amount, in-
sert ‘‘(increased by $4,500,000)’’. 
Page 6, line 6, after the dollar amount, in-
sert ‘‘(reduced by $4,500,000)’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-
lution 223, the gentleman from South Carolina and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from South Carolina. 
Mr. RICE of South Carolina. I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Chairman, so many things we do 
here in Washington are nonsensical. Our tax system is not competitive; our immigration system is not competi-tive; our regulatory system is not com-petitive, and our infrastructure is dete-riorating. Our ports are certainly a very, very critical part of our infra-structure. When we have a situation where it 
takes 15-plus years to get environ-mental permitting done for the Port Everglades, when we are on the fourth year of studying the Charleston port— one of the most efficient ports on the East Coast—and when it has been 10 years since we have had dredging funds for the small Port of Georgetown in my district, our infrastructure continues to deteriorate; the country becomes less competitive, and thousands more American jobs are lost. 
With limited funds, it is increasingly 
difficult for small harbors to compete with larger projects. Given this com-petition for scarce funds, very few small projects make the President’s budget and receive funding. 
What my amendment proposes to do, 
Mr. Chairman, is to remove $4.5 million from the Army Corps’ regulatory budg-et, which the regulatory division of the Army Corps of Engineers continues to grow and promulgate more regulations that make our country even less com-petitive, such as the expansion of the Clean Water Act that are currently proposed. 
This would take money from that 
regulatory division and put it into the operating and maintenance division so that these moneys can be used to actu-ally make our ports work again. 
The bottom line is our harbors are 
showing, and we need to increase money to maintenance accounts so that our harbors can compete. In my district, the Port of Georgetown has not received maintenance dredging in over a decade. This is a port that han-dled 1.7 million tons of cargo in the year 2000. The economy in the area is largely dependent on the port, and the port is getting more and more shallow each year. 
The State of South Carolina has 
pledged $18 million for port dredging. The ports authority in South Carolina has pledged $5 million, and even the Georgetown County voters have passed a referendum that will apply $6 million to dredge the harbor. Currently, Georgetown is waiting for the Presi-dent or the Army Corps of Engineers to realize its importance and fund the Federal portion of this project. 
It is vitally important for the Corps’ 
maintenance account to be sufficient, which is why my amendment transfers $4.5 million from regulatory activities to maintaining our harbors. 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
b2145 
Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I claim 
the time in opposition. 
The CHAIR. The gentleman from 
Idaho is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. SIMPSON. It is my under-
standing the gentleman is going to withdraw the amendment after speak-ing on it. 
Mr. RICE of South Carolina. If the 
chairman is going to oppose my amend-ment, I will withdraw it out of respect for the chairman. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:13 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00135 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29AP7.180 H29APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2638 April 29, 2015 
Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I cer-
tainly understand the desire and the need for sufficient funding for harbor maintenance. That was a debate we just had here on the floor, but this House adopted an amendment from my colleague from Michigan (Mr. H
UIZENGA ) to meet the annual target 
set for the Water Resources Reform and Development Act of 2014. We hit the target we all agreed to. 
Additionally, while I certainly take 
issue with some of the regulatory changes this administration is pur-suing, the Corps does need funding for processing permits in a timely manner. 
The underlying bill already elimi-
nates funding for the changes to the waters of the United States. We do not want to slow down other necessary ac-tivities. 
For these reasons, I must oppose the 
gentleman’s amendment, but I cer-tainly understand his concern and his desire with this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. RICE of South Carolina. Mr. 
Chairman, I want to thank Chairman S
IMPSON and Ranking Member K APTUR  
for their work on this good piece of leg-islation. 
Mr. Chair, I ask unanimous consent 
to withdraw the amendment. 
The CHAIR. Is there objection to the 
request of the gentleman from South Carolina? 
There was no objection. The CHAIR. Are there further 
amendments? 
If not, the Clerk will read. The Clerk read as follows: 
REGULATORY PROGRAM  
For expenses necessary for administration 
of laws pertaining to regulation of navigable waters and wetlands, $200,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . GOSAR  
Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chairman, I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
The CHAIR. The Clerk will report the 
amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 6, line 6, after the dollar amount, in-
sert ‘‘(reduced by $424,000)’’. 
Page 28, line 13, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(increased by $424,000)’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-
lution 223, the gentleman from Arizona and a Member opposed each will con-trol 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Arizona. 
Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chairman, I offer an 
amendment which seeks to ensure the adequate resources for the Department of Energy’s inspector general’s office. 
As a member of the House Oversight 
and Government Reform Committee, I am a firm believer in oversight of the Federal Government. The more sun-light on Federal activity, the more honest and efficient it will be. I am also a strong proponent of our inspec-tor general community. 
Since the Inspector General Act was 
passed into law, the IG community has saved taxpayers billions of dollars and has uncovered countless examples of wrongdoing in the Federal Govern-
ment. 
I just read a GAO investigation re-
port yesterday that found that loans currently in the Department of Energy portfolio are expected to cost the tax-payers more than $2.2 billion. The re-port went on to state that $807 million of the $2.2 billion is a result of bad loans that have already defaulted. In fact, five major DOE loans have al-ready defaulted from the agency’s 2014 portfolio. 
The report also noted that the cost to 
the taxpayers from these flawed DOE loans could even exceed the $2.2 billion estimated figure. ‘‘The final credit sub-sidy cost of a given loan or loan guar-antee will not be known until the life of the loan is complete . . . Both DOE loan programs can expose the govern-ment and taxpayers to substantial fi-nancial risk if borrowers default.’’ 
Further, this committee noted in the 
committee report accompanying this bill: ‘‘The committee is also concerned that the Department is failing in its re-sponsibility to ensure that DOE con-tracts with incurred costs valued at billions of dollars per year are audited in a timely manner.’’ 
Clearly, there is a lack of oversight 
and accountability within DOE that needs to change. It is the responsibility of the DOE inspector general to report to Congress on these issues so that we can rectify these problems and ensure taxpayers aren’t exposed to another Solyndra. 
I applaud the committee for recom-
mending resources above and beyond last year’s enacted levels, but the rec-ommended level is still beneath the President’s budget request. 
Let’s give the inspector general’s of-
fice the resources it needs. I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support the passage of this common-sense amendment. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
The CHAIR. The question is on the 
amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. G
OSAR ). 
The amendment was agreed to. The CHAIR. The Clerk will read. The Clerk read as follows: 
FORMERLY UTILIZED SITES REMEDIAL ACTION  
PROGRAM  
For expenses necessary to clean up con-
tamination from sites in the United States resulting from work performed as part of the Nation’s early atomic energy program, $104,000,000, to remain available until ex-pended. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . MCCLINTOCK  
Mr. M CCLINTOCK. Mr. Chairman, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The CHAIR. The Clerk will report the 
amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 6, line 12, after the dollar amount, in-
sert ‘‘(reduced by $2,500,000)’’. 
Page 21, line 5, after the dollar amount, in-
sert ‘‘(reduced by $400,000)’’. 
Page 22, line 3, after the dollar amount, in-
sert ‘‘(reduced by $22,661,000)’’. 
Page 22, line 20, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(reduced by $34,000,000)’’. Page 24, line 7, after the dollar amount, in-
sert ‘‘(reduced by $227,000)’’. 
Page 25, line 5, after the dollar amount, in-
sert ‘‘(reduced by $32,262,000)’’. 
Page 25, line 25, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(reduced by $18,000)’’. 
Page 27, line 7, after the dollar amount, in-
sert ‘‘(reduced by $2,000,000)’’. 
Page 27, line 13, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(reduced by $5,119,000)’’. 
Page 35, line 17, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(reduced by $1,632,000)’’. 
Page 49, line 22, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(reduced by $5,000,000)’’. 
Page 51, line 24, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(reduced by $23,101,000)’’. 
Page 57, line 11, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(increased by $128,920,000)’’. 
Mr. SIMPSON (during the reading). 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve a point of order on the gentleman’s amendment. 
The CHAIR. A point of order is re-
served. 
The Clerk will read. The Clerk continued to read. The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-
lution 223, the gentleman from Cali-fornia and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from California. 
Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Chairman, 
this amendment continues the effort to stop or, at least in this case, to freeze appropriations that are made for agen-cies whose legal authorizations lapsed many years and even decades ago. 
Ever since 1835, the rules of the 
House have forbidden spending any money for purposes unauthorized by current law; yet today, about one-third of our discretionary spending is for un-authorized programs. 
Why is that? Well, it is because the 
rule against unauthorized spending cannot be enforced because it is always waived by the resolutions that bring these bills to the floor. 
The bill before us today contains $25 
billion in unauthorized spending for programs that have not been reviewed by the authorizing committees since as far back as 1980, Jimmy Carter’s last year in office. 
I am sure that some—even many—of 
these programs are valuable and wor-thy of taxpayer dollars, but surely oth-ers are not. The fact that they have not been authorized in as many as 35 years ought to warn us to at least be a little more careful in continuing to fund them. 
Rather than review our spending de-
cisions and making tough choices about spending priorities, Congress simply rubberstamps these programs out of habit, year after year. It is no wonder we are so deeply in debt with so little to show for it. 
My amendment does not defund these 
unauthorized programs, as the House rules require. It simply freezes spend-ing on them at last year’s level. 
The cuts contained in this amend-
ment total $129 million, or about thir-ty-six one-hundredths of 1 percent of the total spending in this bill. 
This House has a responsibility to ex-
amine these programs, reauthorize the ones that work, and modify or end the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:13 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00136 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29AP7.184 H29APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2639 April 29, 2015 
ones that don’t. It has a responsibility, 
but it has no incentive, as long as we keep funding them and, worse, increas-ing the funding that these programs re-ceive. 
In a sense, this is a token. It is a 
symbol. Reducing this bill by thirty-six one-hundredths of 1 percent will have no appreciable effect on the $35.5 mil-lion in this appropriation or the $3.8 trillion the Federal Government plans to spend this year, but I hope that it will send a subtle but clear message that the Members of this House insist that the Congress reassert its constitu-tional responsibility to authorize Fed-eral spending and to enforce its own rules that prohibit spending blindly on unauthorized programs. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
in opposition to the gentleman’s amendment. 
The CHAIR. The gentleman from 
Idaho is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. SIMPSON. I have to tell you, in 
all honesty, I understand what he is trying to do, and I agree with him in many ways; but, when he says we have to observe the rules of the House, the rules of the House also allow for the Rules Committee to write a rule that overrides the rules of the House. If it is approved by a majority, guess what, that is what happens. We are following the rules of the House, but he raises a point that is of concern—and should be. 
When I was chairman of the Interior 
Subcommittee, we tried to defund the Endangered Species Act and designa-tions of critical habitat because the Endangered Species Act had not been reauthorized for something like 23 or 26 years. 
We lost an amendment on the floor 
to put the money back into it, but we were trying to make a point—and I was supported by the chairman of the Re-sources Committee—but we were try-ing to make the point that the author-izing committees need to get busy and do their job. I fully believe that. 
That was 8 years ago. We still 
haven’t done anything to reauthorize the Endangered Species Act, and the chairman at that time supported what we were trying to do. I haven’t seen any reauthorization bills come up. 
Now, if you look at what is not au-
thorized in the Federal Government right now—or where authorizations have expired—I think there is a reason for an expiration date. It is so that you go in and review the program and see if the need is still there, can we do it bet-ter, do we need to make changes, is there still a justification for the pro-gram. 
The problem is the authorizing com-
mittees have failed in many respects in that responsibility. If we were to sim-ply defund everything where authoriza-tions have expired—I think the Depart-ment of State authorization has ex-pired; I am not sure we want to defund the Department of State; some people might want to—but there is an awful lot. I think, in most senior programs, the authorizations have expired, and 
you can go through the list. 
While the gentleman raises a very 
valid point and one that I would like to help work with him on trying to ad-dress, the Appropriations Committee is trying to do our job of oversight. That is why we have hearings. 
Is it the best place to do oversight of 
the need for the programs? We do over-sight on how the money is spent and so forth, but the authorizing committees are the best place to look at the pro-grams and see in their totality if they are still needed or not. 
While I sympathize—and I know that 
is not what the gentleman from Cali-fornia wants—while I sympathize with what the gentleman is trying to do— and even agree with what he is trying to do—I have to rise in opposition to the gentleman’s amendment, but I thank him for bringing a very impor-tant subject to this floor. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chair, I move to 
strike the last word. 
The CHAIR. The gentlewoman from 
Ohio is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Ms. KAPTUR. I, as well as the chair-
man, appreciate the gentleman coming to the floor and pointing out some of the inadequacies of process here, but I wanted to just state for the record that a couple of the items that the gen-tleman targets, I think, would do dam-age to the country. 
For example, the accounts that deal 
with cleaning up the cold war legacy, that means that communities across our country that sacrificed in the name of the country would have to wait even longer for a resolution to the contami-nation that exists. 
It is astounding how much there is 
from coast-to-coast. When you start looking, you almost want to close the book because there is so much, and I think that the communities that have been dealing with these remediation problems over the years would not ap-preciate the gentleman’s amendment this evening. 
b2200 
In addition to that, I wanted to say 
something about ARPA-E, where we have our advanced energy research going on. You know, the United States is not energy secure. We are still too vulnerable here at home on many lev-els, and ARPA-E provides us with a real global advantage. 
I don’t think we need to shave any-
thing from ARPA-E because if I look at some of the competition that is coming at us from China, for example, it is even coming in very unfair ways, such as hacking into our intellectual prop-erty that any of our private companies hold. 
We view ARPA-E as essential to our 
future, really, with what we are doing within the global marketplace. So I think the gentleman is very well-inten-tioned in trying to have regular order. I wish that it all worked so perfectly, but I don’t think that we should hurt communities across this country nor 
the long-term energy interests of the Nation, because I think that is what would be done if the gentleman’s amendment were to pass. 
I just wanted to put that on the 
R
ECORD and rise in opposition, but I re-
spect the gentleman for coming down here and for trying to perfect the way that we conduct the affairs of the Na-tion. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. I appreciate the 
gentlelady’s kind words. 
I would point out that this defunds 
nothing. All that it does is to freeze spending of those unauthorized pro-grams at last year’s level until the au-thorizing committees actually sit down and review them and revise them and reauthorize them. Nor is anything in the NDAA affected by this freeze. 
I appreciate my friend from Idaho’s 
sympathy, but I would trade it in a mo-ment for his support. And I would point out that this amendment, the whole point of this amendment is that au-thorizing committees have got to re-view, reauthorize, revise, or repeal these measures. They have got to do one of those things. 
But why should they, why would they 
want to go to all of the fuss and bother of reviewing these programs, taking on entrenched interests, asking hard ques-tions, making people cranky in the process, when all they have to do, under our current practice, is sit there, do absolutely nothing, and the funding, just like the mighty Mississippi, just keeps rolling along. 
We cannot continue down this course 
responsibly. We have a responsibility to the American people to do that heavy lifting, to go through these pro-grams with a fine-tooth comb, to make the revisions that are necessary ac-cording to our own experience and, in the most important mandate this Con-gress has been given, to stop wasting people’s money. 
This measure is a very small step. To 
suggest that it is going to have dire consequences, cutting thirty-six one- hundredths of 1 percent of the total funds in this bill, is a measure of how out of control our thinking on spending has gotten. 
So, with that, Mr. Chairman, I would 
ask for this single token, that we take a stand and at least freeze the unau-thorized spending. 
The CHAIR. The time of the gen-
tleman has expired. 
Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, how 
much time do I have left? 
The CHAIR. The gentleman from 
Idaho has 2 minutes remaining. 
Mr. SIMPSON. I thank the gen-
tleman for his comments and for pro-posing this amendment. 
Mr. Chairman, I withdraw my res-
ervation of a point of order. 
The CHAIR. The reservation of the 
point of order is withdrawn. 
Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
in opposition to the gentleman’s 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:13 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00137 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29AP7.190 H29APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2640 April 29, 2015 
amendment. I would hate to get the 
idea, when he says stop wasting tax-payer money that, just because we are funding these programs that haven’t been reauthorized, we are wasting tax-payer money. We actually look at these programs very deeply when we do the appropriations process. 
And, in fact, I wouldn’t want to sug-
gest to the American people that we never eliminate any program that au-thorizations have expired on or whose need we have deemed has run out. When I was chairman of the Committee on the Interior, I think we eliminated something like 59 different programs that we no longer needed. So it is not that we sit here and just continue to fund things, but we do look at the pro-grams, the need for the programs. 
I fully agree with the gentleman 
about the need to somehow change this so that the authorizing committees can do their—or will do their—authoriza-tions work. But the Appropriations Committee holds probably more hear-ings than any other committee in this body and looks at these programs very deeply. 
There may be differences about what 
is necessary and what is appropriate for funding between Members of this body, but what we come out with is a bill that we think a majority of the Members of this body can support. 
So I look forward to working with 
the gentleman from California to try to address what is a real problem that he brings up, but I would hope my col-leagues would oppose this amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. 
The CHAIR. The question is on the 
amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ). 
The question was taken; and the 
Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Chairman, I 
demand a recorded vote. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of 
rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California will be postponed. 
The Clerk will read. The Clerk read as follows: 
FLOOD CONTROL AND COASTAL EMERGENCIES  
For expenses necessary to prepare for 
flood, hurricane, and other natural disasters and support emergency operations, repairs, and other activities in response to such dis-asters as authorized by law, $34,000,000, to re-main available until expended. 
EXPENSES  
For expenses necessary for the supervision 
and general administration of the civil works program in the headquarters of the Corps of Engineers and the offices of the Di-vision Engineers; and for costs of manage-ment and operation of the Humphreys Engi-neer Center Support Activity, the Institute for Water Resources, the United States Army Engineer Research and Development Center, and the United States Army Corps of Engineers Finance Center allocable to the civil works program, $180,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017, of which not to exceed $5,000 may be used for official reception and representation purposes and only during the current fiscal year: Provided , 
That no part of any other appropriation pro-vided in this title shall be available to fund 
the civil works activities of the Office of the Chief of Engineers or the civil works execu-tive direction and management activities of the division offices: Provided further , That 
any Flood Control and Coastal Emergencies appropriation may be used to fund the super-vision and general administration of emer-gency operations, repairs, and other activi-
ties in response to any flood, hurricane, or other natural disaster. 
OFFICE OF THE ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF THE  
ARMY FOR CIVIL WORKS  
For the Office of the Assistant Secretary of 
the Army for Civil Works as authorized by 10 U.S.C. 3016(b)(3), $4,750,000, to remain avail-able until September 30, 2017: Provided , That 
not more than 25 percent of such amount may be obligated or expended until the As-sistant Secretary submits to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Con-gress a work plan that allocates at least 95 percent of the additional funding provided under each heading in this title (as des-ignated under such heading in the report of the Committee on Appropriations accom-panying this Act) to specific programs, projects, or activities. 
GENERAL PROVISIONS—CORPS OF 
ENGINEERS—CIVIL 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  
SEC. 101. (a) None of the funds provided in 
this title shall be available for obligation or expenditure through a reprogramming of funds that— 
(1) creates or initiates a new program, 
project, or activity; 
(2) eliminates a program, project, or activ-
ity; 
(3) increases funds or personnel for any 
program, project, or activity for which funds have been denied or restricted by this Act; 
(4) reduces funds that are directed to be 
used for a specific program, project, or activ-ity by this Act; 
(5) increases funds for any program, 
project, or activity by more than $2,000,000 or 10 percent, whichever is less; or; 
(6) reduces funds for any program, project, 
or activity by more than $2,000,000 or 10 per-cent, whichever is less. 
(b) Subsection (a)(1) shall not apply to any 
project or activity authorized under section 205 of the Flood Control Act of 1948, section 14 of the Flood Control Act of 1946, section 208 of the Flood Control Act of 1954, section 107 of the River and Harbor Act of 1960, sec-tion 103 of the River and Harbor Act of 1962, section 111 of the River and Harbor Act of 1968, section 1135 of the Water Resources De-velopment Act of 1986, section 206 of the Water Resources Development Act of 1996, or section 204 of the Water Resources Develop-ment Act of 1992. 
(c) The Corps of Engineers shall submit re-
ports on a quarterly basis to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Con-gress detailing all the funds reprogrammed between programs, projects, activities, or categories of funding. The first quarterly re-port shall be submitted not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act. 
S
EC. 102. None of the funds made available 
in this title may be used to award or modify any contract that commits funds beyond the amounts appropriated for that program, project, or activity that remain unobligated, except that such amounts may include any funds that have been made available through reprogramming pursuant to section 101. 
S
EC. 103. The Secretary of the Army may 
transfer to the Fish and Wildlife Service, and the Fish and Wildlife Service may accept and expend, up to $4,700,000 of funds provided in this title under the heading ‘‘Operation and Maintenance’’ to mitigate for fisheries lost due to Corps of Engineers projects. S
EC. 104. None of the funds made available 
in this or any other Act making appropria-tions for Energy and Water Development for any fiscal year may be used by the Corps of Engineers to develop, adopt, implement, ad-minister, or enforce any change to the regu-lations in effect on October 1, 2012, per-taining to the definitions of the terms ‘‘fill material’’ or ‘‘discharge of fill material’’ for the purposes of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1251 et seq.). 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . BEYER  
Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chairman, I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
The CHAIR. The Clerk will report the 
amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 10, beginning on line 10, strike sec-
tion 104. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-
lution 223, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. B
EYER ) and a Member opposed 
each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Virginia. 
Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chairman, the 
amendment is very simple. It strikes section 104 of this bill. 
Section 104 would prevent the Army 
Corps of Engineers from updating regu-lations pertaining to the definitions of ‘‘fill material’’ or ‘‘discharge of fill ma-terial’’ for the purposes of the Clean Water Act. 
When Congress first enacted the 
Clean Water Act, and for nearly 35 years after its passage, the law kept America’s lakes, rivers, and streams safe from mining pollution, protecting our wildlife and our drinking water. That is no longer the case today. 
My amendment would remove this 
anti-Clean Water Act rider. Current and future administrations should have the flexibility to change the definitions of ‘‘fill material’’ or ‘‘discharge of fill material’’ should they wish to. 
When Congress first enacted the 
Clean Water Act, the 404 permit proc-ess was supposed to be used for certain construction projects like bridges and roads where raising the bottom ele-vation of a water body or converting an area into dry land was unavoidable. 
Under a 2002 rule change, the defini-
tion of ‘‘fill material’’ was broadened to include: ‘‘rock, sand, soil, clay, plas-tics, construction debris, wood chips, and overburden from mining or other excavation activities.’’ The revised rule also removed regulatory language which previously excluded ‘‘waste’’ dis-charges from section 404 jurisdiction, a change that some argue allows the use of 404 permits to authorize certain dis-charges that harm the aquatic environ-ment. 
The Clean Water Act, section 
404(b)(1) guidelines are not well-suited for evaluating the environmental ef-fects of discharging hazardous wastes such as mining refuse and similar ma-terials into a water body or wetland. 
In sum, the net effect of the 2002 rule 
change was to alter the Corps permit process in ways that Congress never in-tended. It was not congressional intent to allow mining refuse and similar ma-terial, some of it hazardous, to qualify 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:07 Nov 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00138 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\APR 15\H29AP5.REC H29AP5bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2641 April 29, 2015 
as ‘‘fill material’’ and thereby bypass a 
more thorough environmental review and meet Federal pollution standards. Downstream water users have every right to be concerned that the section 404 process fails to protect them from the discharge of hazardous substances. 
Lower Slate Lake in Alaska is the 
perfect example. A permit allows the discharge of toxic wastewater from a gold ore processing mill to go un-treated directly into the lake, despite the fact that the discharge violates EPA’s standards for the mining indus-try. 
Mining waste can contain toxic 
chemicals known to pose health risks to humans and aquatic animals, and continuing the practice of dumping this waste into our Nation’s streams and rivers is dangerous and irrespon-sible. EPA estimates that 120 miles per year of headwater streams are buried with the chemical-laden discharge as a result of surface mining operations under the existing definitions of ‘‘fill.’’ 
Equally important, a 2008 EPA study 
found evidence that mining activities can have severe impacts on down-stream aquatic life and the biological 
conditions of a stream. That same study found that 9 out of every 10 streams downstream from surface min-ing operations were impaired based on assessments of aquatic life. 
Mr. Chairman, this provision is a pre-
emptive strike against protecting our drinking water, and since there is no time limit on the provision, it would not only block the current Obama ad-ministration, but any future adminis-tration from considering changes. 
I urge my colleagues to support my 
amendment and to strike section 104 from this bill. 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I claim 
the time in opposition to the amend-ment. 
The CHAIR. The gentleman from 
Idaho is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. SIMPSON. I thank the gen-
tleman from Virginia. It seems like old times. You just changed your appear-ance. 
Mr. Moran and I, your colleague be-
fore you, he and I had this discussion many, many times on the Clean Water Act and waters of the United States and fill material and so forth, and it seems like you just look different than he used to. 
Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to 
this amendment. The language in the bill is intended simply to maintain the status quo regarding what is ‘‘fill ma-terial’’ for the purposes of the Clean Water Act. 
The existing definition was put in 
place through a rulemaking initiated by the Clinton administration and fi-nalized by the Bush administration. The rule aligned the definitions on the books of the Corps and the EPA, so that both agencies were working with the same definition. 
Changing the definition again, as 
some have proposed, could effectively kill mining operations across much of 
this country. For that reason, I support the underlying language in the bill. That is why we put it in the bill, and I oppose this amendment. 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
back the balance of my time. 
Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chair, I yield 
back the balance of my time. 
The CHAIR. The question is on the 
amendment offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. B
EYER ). 
The amendment was rejected. The CHAIR. The Clerk will read. The Clerk read as follows: 
SEC. 105. None of the funds made available 
in this or any other Act making appropria-tions for Energy and Water Development for any fiscal year may be used by the Corps of Engineers to develop, adopt, implement, ad-minister, or enforce any change to the regu-lations and guidance in effect on October 1, 2012, pertaining to the definition of waters under the jurisdiction of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1251 et seq.), including the provisions of the rules dated November 13, 1986, and August 25, 1993, relat-ing to such jurisdiction, and the guidance documents dated January 15, 2003, and De-cember 2, 2008, relating to such jurisdiction. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . BEYER  
Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chairman, I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
The CHAIR. The Clerk will report the 
amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 10, beginning on line 19, strike sec-
tion 105. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-
lution 223, the gentleman from Virginia and a Member opposed each will con-trol 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Virginia. 
Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chairman, my 
amendment would simply strike sec-tion 105. As it stands, section 105 would prevent the Army Corps of Engineers from finalizing its proposed regulation clarifying the limits of Federal juris-diction under the Clean Water Act. 
This language is not new. I under-
stand we have seen it a number of times. The difference is that the con-versation has since progressed, and al-most everyone agrees that clarity is needed. Calls for the EPA to issue a rule even came from such notable orga-nizations as the National Cattlemen’s Beef Association, the American Farm Bureau Federation, the Western Busi-ness Roundtable, and the National As-sociation of Manufacturers. 
Prohibiting EPA from finalizing the 
rule, as section 105 would direct, would perpetuate this confusion, and there are countless cases that reiterate this point. 
For example, the EPA acknowledged 
enforcement difficulties in a case in which storm water from construction sites carried oil, grass, grease, and other pollutants into tributaries to the San Pedro River, which is an inter-nationally recognized river ecosystem supporting diverse wildlife but where the waters in question only flow for part of the year. The Agency stated 
that it ‘‘had to discontinue all enforce-ment cases in this area because it was so time-consuming and costly to prove that the Clean Water Act protects these rivers.’’ 
We need to end the confusion and, 
through a public comment process and appropriate congressional oversight, allow the administration to move for-ward and complete a formal rule-making. 
It also needs to be said that the oppo-
nents of the Clean Water rule have it wrong. The proposed rule respects agri-culture and the law by maintaining all of the existing exemptions for agricul-tural discharges and water. It identi-fies specific types of water bodies to which it does not apply, areas like arti-ficial lakes and ponds, and many types of drainage and irrigation ditches. It does not extend Federal protection to any waters not historically protected under the Clean Water Act, and it is fully consistent with the law and the decisions of the Supreme Court. 
The administration has a strong, 
commonsense plan to make clean water a priority by protecting the sources that feed the drinking water for more than 117 million Americans. 
If Congress blocks this proposal to 
protect clean water, 20 million acres of wetlands nationwide will continue to be at risk. Stopping this proposal will also impact the small businesses and communities that rely on clean water. 
American businesses need to know 
when the Federal Government has au-thority and when it doesn’t, and with-out updated guidance, businesses will often not know when they need Army Corps of Engineers permits. This uncer-tainty could subject them to civil and criminal liability and will certainly cost them extra money. 
b2215 
The clean water rule will largely re-
store but not expand historic coverage of the Clean Water Act at no direct cost to the public. EPA estimates that the clean water rule would provide up to $514 million annually in benefits to the public. 
Updating the rules and guidance is 
essential. We need to allow EPA and the Corps to do their job and clarify their rules and guidance. If they fail to do it in accordance with existing law, more lawsuits will ensue. 
Overall, these anti-Clean Water Act 
riders are part of an effort to return us to a time when we had no uniform na-tional minimum clean water standard and States had conflicting policies or no policies at all. That was a time when rivers were so polluted, they caught fire, and responsible down-stream States suffered the con-sequences of lax or weak upstream States’ policies. 
Today we have cleaner, more drink-
able waters precisely because of the Clean Water Act. 
I urge my colleagues to oppose this 
clean water rider and support our amendment. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:13 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00139 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29AP7.194 H29APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2642 April 29, 2015 
I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
in opposition to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Idaho is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
in strong opposition to this amend-ment. Last spring, the administration proposed a rule that would greatly ex-pand the Federal jurisdiction over the Clean Water Act to include waters that were traditionally understood to be under State jurisdiction. 
Let me repeat that. Many people be-
lieved that if the waters were not regu-lated under the Clean Water Act, they were unregulated. Not true. They were regulated by the States. And that is where it should remain. 
Now, there became a question of, 
under the Clean Water Act, under ‘‘navigable waters,’’ what the heck does that mean? It was very confusing. Does it mean navigable by a steamship, navigable by a boat, a canoe, an inner tube? And the Court said, You need to clarify this. 
Well, the EPA essentially said, Well, 
we can clarify that. We will just con-trol all the waters and take them out of State control. 
I think that is a problem, and I can 
tell you that it is a real problem for States in the West, particularly. 
The administration’s proposed rule is 
inconsistent with two separate Su-preme Court decisions that clearly said the Corps of Engineers and the Envi-ronmental Protection Agency had gone too far in that Federal jurisdiction under the Clean Water Act was not as broad as they had claimed. 
Deciding how water is used should be 
the responsibility of State and local of-ficials who are familiar with the people and local issues. 
Under the rule provided by the EPA 
and the Army Corps of Engineers, they are saying intermittent streams. Any streams that don’t have water running in them, but maybe a month or two a year, now fall under their jurisdiction. 
And under the connectivity rule, 
which is what this is—you know, the hip bone is connected to the leg bone is connected to the knee bone sort of thing—under the connectivity rule, while they say that this is not their in-tent, there is no way that you cannot eventually say that we are going to control groundwater also—not just sur-face water but groundwater also—be-cause it is connected to the surface water also. 
So while there may be a desire for 
clarity on the issue of Federal jurisdic-tion, providing clarity does not trump the need to stay within the limits of the law. The proposed rule would ex-pand Federal jurisdiction far beyond what was ever intended by the Clean Water Act. The provision in the Energy and Water bill does not weaken the Clean Water Act. It stops the adminis-tration from expanding Federal juris-diction. 
For those reasons, I strongly oppose 
this amendment and urge my col-leagues to vote ‘‘no.’’ I yield back the balance of my time. 
The CHAIR. The question is on the 
amendment offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. B
EYER ). 
The amendment was rejected. The CHAIR. The Clerk will read. The Clerk read as follows: 
SEC. 106. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used to require a permit for the discharge of dredged or fill material under the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1251, et seq.) for the activities identified in subparagraphs (A) and (C) of section 404(f)(1) of the Act (33 U.S.C. 1344(f)(1)(A), (C)). 
S
EC. 107. As of the date of enactment of 
this Act and each fiscal year thereafter, the Secretary of the Army shall not promulgate or enforce any regulation that prohibits an individual from possessing a firearm, includ-ing an assembled or functional firearm, at a water resources development project covered under section 327.0 of title 36, Code of Fed-eral Regulations (as in effect on the date of enactment of this Act), if— 
(1) the individual is not otherwise prohib-
ited by law from possessing the firearm; and 
(2) the possession of the firearm is in com-
pliance with the law of the State in which the water resources development project is located. 
S
EC. 108. No funds in this Act shall be used 
for an open lake placement alternative of dredged material, after evaluating the least costly, environmentally acceptable manner for the disposal or management of dredged material originating from Lake Erie or trib-utaries thereto, unless it is approved under a State water quality certification pursuant to 33 U.S.C. 1341. 
TITLE II—DEPARTMENT OF THE 
INTERIOR 
C
ENTRAL UTAHPROJECT  
CENTRAL UTAH PROJECT COMPLETION ACCOUNT  
For carrying out activities authorized by 
the Central Utah Project Completion Act, $9,874,000, to remain available until ex-pended, of which $1,000,000 shall be deposited into the Utah Reclamation Mitigation and Conservation Account for use by the Utah Reclamation Mitigation and Conservation Commission: Provided , That of the amount 
provided under this heading, $1,300,000 shall be available until September 30, 2017, for ex-penses necessary in carrying out related re-sponsibilities of the Secretary of the Inte-rior: Provided further , That for fiscal year 
2016, of the amount made available to the Commission under this Act or any other Act, the Commission may use an amount not to exceed $1,500,000 for administrative expenses. 
B
UREAU OF RECLAMATION  
The following appropriations shall be ex-
pended to execute authorized functions of the Bureau of Reclamation: 
WATER AND RELATED RESOURCES  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  
For management, development, and res-
toration of water and related natural re-sources and for related activities, including the operation, maintenance, and rehabilita-tion of reclamation and other facilities, par-ticipation in fulfilling related Federal re-sponsibilities to Native Americans, and re-lated grants to, and cooperative and other agreements with, State and local govern-ments, federally recognized Indian tribes, and others, $948,640,000, to remain available until expended, of which $22,000 shall be available for transfer to the Upper Colorado River Basin Fund and $5,899,000 shall be available for transfer to the Lower Colorado River Basin Development Fund; of which such amounts as may be necessary may be advanced to the Colorado River Dam Fund: 
Provided , That such transfers may be in-
creased or decreased within the overall ap-propriation under this heading: Provided fur-
ther, That of the total appropriated, the 
amount for program activities that can be fi-nanced by the Reclamation Fund or the Bu-reau of Reclamation special fee account es-tablished by 16 U.S.C. 6806 shall be derived from that Fund or account: Provided further , 
That funds contributed under 43 U.S.C. 395 are available until expended for the purposes for which the funds were contributed: Pro-
vided further , That funds advanced under 43 
U.S.C. 397a shall be credited to this account and are available until expended for the same purposes as the sums appropriated under this heading: Provided further , That of 
the amounts provided herein, funds may be used for high-priority projects which shall be carried out by the Youth Conservation Corps, as authorized by 16 U.S.C. 1706. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . RUIZ 
Mr. RUIZ. Mr. Chairman, I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
The CHAIR. The Clerk will report the 
amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 13, line 14, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(increased by $5,000,000)’’. 
Page 22, line 20, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(reduced by $20,000,000)’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-
lution 223, the gentleman from Cali-fornia and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from California. 
Mr. RUIZ. Mr. Chairman, before I 
begin, I thank Chairman S
IMPSON and 
Ranking Member K APTUR for their 
hard work and collaboration on this important bill. 
I rise today to offer an amendment to 
H.R. 2028, the Energy and Water Appro-priations Act, that provides additional, critical resources for the Bureau of Reclamation to undertake projects that address the historic and severe drought conditions across the West. 
Mr. Chairman, one of the worst 
droughts in modern history is ravaging our Nation’s crops, choking our fragile economic recovery, and placing our water supply in unprecedented jeop-ardy. 
Last year, more than 60 percent of 
the contiguous United States suffered drought conditions, and the West con-tinues to bear the brunt of this burden. In the Olympic Mountains of northwest Washington State, the snowpack con-tained just 7 percent of the average. In California, the drought is the worst to hit the State since record-keeping started in 1895. 2013 was the driest year on record, and 2014 was the hottest. 
The impacts of this severe drought 
are harsh and far-reaching, threatening public health, degrading the environ-ment, increasing the risk of wildfires, and hampering a wide range of indus-tries. 
In 2012, California’s agriculture in-
dustry contributed over $45 billion to the United States economy. Last year, because of the drought, hundreds of thousands of acres were left fallow be-cause sufficient water was unavailable. According to a University of California 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:13 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00140 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29AP7.198 H29APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2643 April 29, 2015 
study, this cost the State $2.2 billion in 
direct economic output and the dev-astating loss of 17,100 seasonal and part-time jobs. 
These effects will be felt by Ameri-
cans across the country. This year, the price of fruits and vegetables is ex-pected to rise 3 percent, in part due to the severe drought conditions in Cali-fornia. 
Furthermore, continuing to draw 
down groundwater supplies in Cali-fornia will have dangerous public health impacts. In rural communities, where residents rely on wells for drink-ing water, reduced groundwater levels result in higher concentrations of con-taminants, including dangerous ni-trates and arsenic. 
Stagnant pools have also created 
breeding grounds for mosquitoes. The California Department of Public Health announced in April that the State had a record-breaking number of deaths related to the mosquito-borne West Nile virus in 2014. 
In addition to West Nile, the arid 
conditions could also increase the num-ber of cases of valley fever, a poten-tially fatal disease caused by a fungus called Coccidioides that can grow in the soil and becomes airborne if the soil dries out. While the majority of people exposed to the spores do not ex-hibit symptoms, people who start to develop the disease can have cough, fever, headache, and, in rare cases, it can lead to death. 
It is time for action at all levels of 
government to address the dangerous economic and public health impacts of ignoring this drought. 
Back home in the southern California 
desert, local water agencies are work-ing to help residents, businesses, and municipalities convert their lawns and landscaping into water-efficient desert landscapes. 
At the Federal level, the Bureau of 
Reclamation is investing in public-pri-vate partnerships to help improve the delivery of water for agricultural users, which in turn allows them to invest in more water-efficient irrigation tech-niques, such as drip irrigation. 
The Bureau can also help commu-
nities whose wells have run dry due to excessive groundwater pumping install relief wells that provide, in some cases, the only source of freshwater for an en-tire town. And through one of the most successful water conservation grant programs, the WaterSMART program, the Bureau has helped local water agencies, tribal governments, irriga-tion districts, and State agencies im-plement water conservation techniques 
that have conserved over 860,000 acre- feet of water since 2009. 
For these reasons, Mr. Chairman, my 
amendment would simply shift funding away from taxpayer-subsidized fossil fuel research that benefits the wealthi-est oil companies that can pay for the research themselves and redirect it to-ward critical Bureau of Reclamation activities to address the impacts of this devastating drought and help miti-gate future droughts. We must put the American economy, 
our constituents, and the public’s health above politics and Big Oil. I urge my colleagues to come together to support my amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
in opposition to the amendment. 
The CHAIR. The gentleman from 
Idaho is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
in opposition to this amendment. 
I understand the gentleman seeks to 
show support for additional funding for projects that are drought-related in California and other places, but we must be mindful of the balancing and competing priorities across this bill. 
The gentleman would take $20 mil-
lion out of the fossil energy account. As I have said before, fossil fuels—such as coal, oil, natural gas—provide near-ly 85 percent of the energy used by the Nation’s homes and businesses and will continue to provide for the majority of our energy needs for the foreseeable fu-ture. 
The bill rejects the administration’s 
proposed reductions to fossil energy and, instead, funds these programs at $605 million, $34 million above last year. With this additional funding, the Office of Fossil Energy will research how heat can more efficiently be con-verted into electricity in a cross-cut-ting effort with nuclear and solar en-ergy programs, how water can be more efficiently used in power plants, and how coal can be used to produce elec-tric power through fuel cells. 
This amendment would reduce fund-
ing for a program that ensures that we use our Nation’s abundant fossil fuel resources as well and as cleanly as pos-sible. Therefore, I must oppose the amendment and urge other Members to do so. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. RUIZ. Mr. Chairman, I yield my-
self the balance of my time. 
Again, I thank Chairman S
IMPSON  
and Ranking Member K APTUR for their 
leadership and hard work on this bill. 
I urge my colleagues to come to-
gether in a bipartisan fashion and sup-port my amendment to ensure the Bu-reau dedicates essential resources to-wards projects that will help keep American-made food on the table and prevent a dangerous rise in food prices across the country, again, just taking money from taxpayer-subsidized re-search that they can afford on their own and putting it to combating our drought. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SIMPSON. I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
The CHAIR. The question is on the 
amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. R
UIZ). 
The question was taken; and the 
Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. RUIZ. Mr. Chairman, I demand a 
recorded vote. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of 
rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman 
from California will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . TIPTON  
Mr. TIPTON. Mr. Chairman, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The CHAIR. The Clerk will report the 
amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 13, line 14, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(increased by $2,000,000)’’. 
Page 27, line 13, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(reduced by $2,000,000)’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-
lution 223, the gentleman from Colo-rado and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Colorado. 
Mr. TIPTON. Mr. Chairman, I thank 
Chairman S
IMPSON and Ranking Mem-
ber K APTUR for their collaborative ef-
fort in bringing together this bill. 
I appreciate very much Chairman 
SIMPSON ’s support of my floor amend-
ment last year, reprogramming funds within the Bureau of Reclamation’s water conservancy and delivery fund to advance and complete ongoing work that would provide efficient delivery of clean drinking water from an existing multipurpose reclamation project, as authorized by Congress in 1962. 
Mr. Chairman, water is the lifeblood 
of the Western United States and is ab-solutely critical to the vitality of our communities and local economies. 
Today I am offering a simple amend-
ment that will bolster the Bureau of Reclamation’s water and related re-sources account by $2 million, allowing the Bureau of Reclamation to proceed with ongoing water supply delivery projects at a more efficient pace to reach our shared goals in meeting in-creased water demands by developing and maximizing clean water supplies. 
In Colorado, as is the case through-
out the West, we have similar needs to move forward with engineering design work on the authorized features of ex-isting reclamation projects. These projects improve water supply quality, address water shortage issues, improve conservation measures, and stabilize water supplies. 
b2230 
In the Western United States, water 
is an economic driver. In order to at-tract more economic growth, either in business or agriculture, every industry in the West is dependent upon an ample and safe water supply. 
This amendment will provide Bureau 
of Reclamation increased funding to continue with these types of projects while simultaneously improving public health and protecting the environment. These projects are critically important during drought years so that water is appropriately allocated for both mu-nicipal and agricultural uses. 
The Bureau’s budget has been pre-
viously used for the California Central Valley Project, the Washington State Yakima River Basin Water Enhance-ment Project, the Arkansas Valley Conduit in Colorado, and the Lewiston 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:13 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00141 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29AP7.201 H29APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2644 April 29, 2015 
Orchards Project in the chairman’s 
home State of Idaho. 
It is our hope that this bill gives the 
Bureau of Reclamation the resources it needs to advance vital projects that re-solve water shortage issues in the West while enhancing regional development and promoting job growth. 
Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues 
to support this amendment. 
At this time, I yield 2 minutes to the 
gentleman from Colorado (Mr. B
UCK), 
the coauthor of this amendment and my colleague. 
Mr. BUCK. Mr. Chairman, I rise in 
support of this amendment from my colleague from Colorado (Mr. T
IPTON ). 
Mr. Chairman, we have a history of 
borrowing for the future in this coun-try. We have borrowed for fighting wars, for building roads, and for build-ing space programs. Now, we are bor-rowing from the future, as opposed to for the future. We have $18 trillion of debt, and we will add to that debt this year. 
This project was authorized in 1962, 
and it is required more recently by the EPA’s interpretation of the Clean Water Act. We have 40 communities in southeast Colorado who are in viola-tion of the Clean Water Act because of naturally occurring elements. This amendment offers those communities a future. 
If we have to incur debt, let it be an 
investment for our children’s future. 
Mr. TIPTON. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
the balance of my time to Chairman S
IMPSON . 
Mr. SIMPSON. I thank the gentle-
men from Colorado, both of them, for offering this amendment and bringing this issue before the committee. We have no objection with the amendment and would be happy to accept it. 
Mr. TIPTON. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
back the balance of my time. 
The CHAIR. The question is on the 
amendment offered by the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. T
IPTON ). 
The amendment was agreed to. The CHAIR. The Clerk will read. The Clerk read as follows: 
CENTRAL VALLEY PROJECT RESTORATION FUND  
For carrying out the programs, projects, 
plans, habitat restoration, improvement, and acquisition provisions of the Central Valley Project Improvement Act, $49,528,000, to be derived from such sums as may be collected in the Central Valley Project Restoration Fund pursuant to sections 3407(d), 3404(c)(3), and 3405(f) of Public Law 102–575, to remain available until expended: Provided , That the 
Bureau of Reclamation is directed to assess and collect the full amount of the additional mitigation and restoration payments author-ized by section 3407(d) of Public Law 102–575: Provided further , That none of the funds made 
available under this heading may be used for the acquisition or leasing of water for in- stream purposes if the water is already com-mitted to in-stream purposes by a court adopted decree or order. 
CALIFORNIA BAY -DELTA RESTORATION  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  
For carrying out activities authorized by 
the Water Supply, Reliability, and Environ-mental Improvement Act, consistent with plans to be approved by the Secretary of the Interior, $37,000,000, to remain available until 
expended, of which such amounts as may be necessary to carry out such activities may be transferred to appropriate accounts of other participating Federal agencies to carry out authorized purposes: Provided , That 
funds appropriated herein may be used for the Federal share of the costs of CALFED Program management: Provided further , That 
CALFED implementation shall be carried out in a balanced manner with clear per-formance measures demonstrating concur-rent progress in achieving the goals and ob-jectives of the Program. 
POLICY AND ADMINISTRATION  
For expenses necessary for policy, adminis-
tration, and related functions in the Office of the Commissioner, the Denver office, and of-fices in the five regions of the Bureau of Rec-lamation, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2017, $59,500,000, to be derived from the Reclamation Fund and be nonreimburs-able as provided in 43 U.S.C. 377: Provided , 
That not more than 25 percent of such amount may be obligated or expended until Reclamation complies with congressional and statutory direction related to Technical Memorandum 8140-CC-2004-1 (‘‘Corrosion Con-siderations for Buried Metallic Water Pipe’’) and the associated pipeline reliability study: Provided further , That no part of any other 
appropriation in this Act shall be available for activities or functions budgeted as policy and administration expenses. 
ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISION  
Appropriations for the Bureau of Reclama-
tion shall be available for purchase of not to exceed five passenger motor vehicles, which are for replacement only. 
GENERAL PROVISIONS—DEPARTMENT 
OF THE INTERIOR 
S
EC. 201. (a) None of the funds provided in 
this title shall be available for obligation or expenditure through a reprogramming of funds that— 
(1) creates or initiates a new program, 
project, or activity; 
(2) eliminates a program, project, or activ-
ity; 
(3) increases funds for any program, 
project, or activity for which funds have been denied or restricted by this Act; 
(4) restarts or resumes any program, 
project or activity for which funds are not provided in this Act, unless prior approval is received from the Committees on Appropria-tions of both Houses of Congress; 
(5) transfers funds in excess of the fol-
lowing limits— 
(A) 15 percent for any program, project or 
activity for which $2,000,000 or more is avail-able at the beginning of the fiscal year; or 
(B) $300,000 for any program, project or ac-
tivity for which less than $2,000,000 is avail-able at the beginning of the fiscal year; 
(6) transfers more than $500,000 from either 
the Facilities Operation, Maintenance, and Rehabilitation category or the Resources Management and Development category to any program, project, or activity in the other category; or 
(7) transfers, when necessary to discharge 
legal obligations of the Bureau of Reclama-tion, more than $5,000,000 to provide ade-quate funds for settled contractor claims, in-creased contractor earnings due to acceler-ated rates of operations, and real estate defi-ciency judgments. 
(b) Subsection (a)(5) shall not apply to any 
transfer of funds within the Facilities Oper-ation, Maintenance, and Rehabilitation cat-egory. 
(c) For purposes of this section, the term 
‘‘transfer’’ means any movement of funds into or out of a program, project, or activity. 
(d) The Bureau of Reclamation shall sub-
mit reports on a quarterly basis to the Com-mittees on Appropriations of both Houses of 
Congress detailing all the funds repro-grammed between programs, projects, activi-ties, or categories of funding. The first quar-terly report shall be submitted not later 
than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act. 
S
EC. 202. (a) None of the funds appropriated 
or otherwise made available by this Act may be used to determine the final point of dis-charge for the interceptor drain for the San Luis Unit until development by the Sec-retary of the Interior and the State of Cali-fornia of a plan, which shall conform to the water quality standards of the State of Cali-fornia as approved by the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency, to minimize any detrimental effect of the San Luis drainage waters. 
(b) The costs of the Kesterson Reservoir 
Cleanup Program and the costs of the San Joaquin Valley Drainage Program shall be classified by the Secretary of the Interior as reimbursable or nonreimbursable and col-lected until fully repaid pursuant to the ‘‘Cleanup Program—Alternative Repayment Plan’’ and the ‘‘SJVDP—Alternative Repay-ment Plan’’ described in the report entitled ‘‘Repayment Report, Kesterson Reservoir Cleanup Program and San Joaquin Valley Drainage Program, February 1995’’, prepared by the Department of the Interior, Bureau of Reclamation. Any future obligations of funds by the United States relating to, or pro-viding for, drainage service or drainage stud-ies for the San Luis Unit shall be fully reim-bursable by San Luis Unit beneficiaries of such service or studies pursuant to Federal reclamation law. 
S
EC. 203. The Secretary of the Interior, act-
ing through the Commissioner of Reclama-tion, shall— 
(1) complete the feasibility studies de-
scribed in clauses (i)(I) and (ii)(II) of section 103(d)(1)(A) of Public Law 108–361 (118 Stat. 1684) and submit such studies to the appro-priate committees of the House of Represent-atives and the Senate not later than Decem-ber 31, 2015; 
(2) complete the feasibility studies de-
scribed in clauses (i)(II) and (ii)(I) of section 103(d)(1)(A) of Public Law 108–361 and submit such studies to the appropriate committees of the House of Representatives and the Sen-ate not later than November 30, 2016; 
(3) complete the feasibility study described 
in section 103(f)(1)(A) of Public Law 108–361 (118 Stat. 1694) and submit such study to the appropriate committees of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Senate not later than December 31, 2017; and 
(4) provide a progress report on the status 
of the feasibility studies referred to in para-graphs (1) through (3) to the appropriate committees of the House of Representatives and the Senate not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act and each 180 days thereafter until December 31, 2017, as applicable. The report shall include timelines for study completion, draft envi-ronmental impact statements, final environ-mental impact statements, and Records of Decision. 
TITLE III—DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY 
ENERGY PROGRAMS 
E
NERGY EFFICIENCY AND RENEWABLE ENERGY  
For Department of Energy expenses includ-
ing the purchase, construction, and acquisi-tion of plant and capital equipment, and other expenses necessary for energy effi-ciency and renewable energy activities in carrying out the purposes of the Department of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), including the acquisition or condemna-tion of any real property or any facility or for plant or facility acquisition, construc-tion, or expansion, $1,657,774,000, to remain 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:13 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00142 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29AP7.204 H29APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2645 April 29, 2015 
available until expended: Provided , That of 
such amount, $150,000,000 shall be available until September 30, 2017, for program direc-tion. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . GRIFFITH  
Mr. GRIFFITH. I have an amendment 
at the desk, Mr. Chairman. 
The CHAIR. The Clerk will report the 
amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 21, line 5, after the dollar amount in-
sert ‘‘reduced by $50,000,000)’’. 
Page 22, line 20, after the dollar amount in-
sert ‘‘(increased by $50,000,000)’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-
lution 223, the gentleman from Virginia and a Member opposed each will con-trol 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Virginia. 
Mr. GRIFFITH. Mr. Chairman, over 
the past 6 years, the policy of the cur-rent administration has been to wage a war on coal that has crippled the coal industry and left areas like Virginia’s Ninth District economically dev-astated, and I believe it has put our ac-cess to reliable, affordable electricity in jeopardy. 
The onslaught of harmful, burden-
some, and unreasonable regulations on coal-fired power plants is continuing in the President’s Clean Power Plan. States must come up with a plan for CO
2in 13 months after the final rule is 
released, which is supposed to be that summer. That State plan is then to begin by 2020 and completed by 2030. 
There are a number of clean coal 
technologies currently in development, but according to the testimony from the Department of Energy, these new technologies are not likely to be ready for prime time until 2025. That is 9 years after the States have to come up with a plan and 5 years after the States have to begin implementing that plan and halfway through the time to come into compliance. 
This is not right. If we are to avoid 
rolling brownouts, coal will have to continued to be used; but, if we don’t take action, it will be illegal to use coal. 
While I fight and will continue to 
fight more for more reasonable regula-tions, we must take action to ensure that we can still use coal, should the next administration also be unreason-able and anticoal. 
Mr. Chairman, to bend the curve of 
development and bring the new coal technologies to market, we must spend some money. My amendment will sim-ply add $50 million for fossil energy re-search and development from energy efficiency and renewable energy for the purpose of aiding the development of these new clean coal technologies so we can continue to have reliable, afford-able energy. 
The very least we can do is to make 
sure that coal-fired power plants have access to these new technologies in a timely fashion so that they can meet these extremely burdensome regula-tions. 
Mr. Chairman, I appreciate that the 
underlying bill provides a 6 percent in-crease in fossil fuel energy research. 
However, when districts like mine are seeing mine after mine shut down and power plants shut down because of nu-merous regulations on coal, it is clear that more needs to be done. 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chairman, I rise in 
opposition to the amendment. 
The CHAIR. The gentlewoman from 
Ohio is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chairman, I rise to 
oppose the gentleman from Virginia’s amendment. I wanted to point out— perhaps he doesn’t have the full num-bers—but the figure that we have, we had a request from the administration of $560 million, and we actually in-creased the administration’s request by $45 million to a level of $605 million for fossil energy research, which is more than we spent in this fiscal year of 2015. We are spending $571 million this year, so I would say that the fossil en-ergy accounts have been rather well provided for. 
I also want to say to the gentleman 
that you are taking the funds from the Energy Efficiency and Renewable En-ergy account, and that account is not above last year. It is $266 million below 
last year. What is in the account, what remains there, is focused on American manufacturing—which is important in Virginia—and vehicle technology, which are really not partisan interests. 
My own view is that, if you were to 
take the amount of funds that you are proposing out of the Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy account, you would decimate these programs and further erode manufacturing which has taken such big hits. 
Let me also mention that since 2003, 
our country has spent $2.3 trillion im-porting foreign petroleum. This shifts vast amounts of wealth abroad and squelches thousands upon thousands of jobs in our country in the energy sec-tor. 
I agree with the gentleman that a di-
verse energy portfolio is necessary to eliminate our reliance on imported en-ergy, and we need an ‘‘all of the above’’ strategy. Our bill provides that in terms of not just fossil energy, but re-newable energies. We should be leading investment in these technologies across the board and expanding jobs in our country. 
Though I appreciate the gentleman’s 
interest—and I know Virginia has coal deposits, so does Ohio—but I really feel that the bill that we have worked out on a bipartisan basis provides very, very well for fossil energy, certainly better than the Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy accounts fared. 
I would oppose the amendment, and I 
would ask our colleagues to join us in doing the same. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
Mr. GRIFFITH. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield to the gentleman from Idaho (Mr. S
IMPSON ), the chairman. 
Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
in support of the amendment. My colleague’s amendment would in-
crease funding for the Fossil Energy re-search and development program and decrease the EERE account by the same amount as an offset. 
Mr. Chairman, I appreciate my col-
league’s concern to protect the fossil fuel industry against overreach by this administration’s Clean Power Plan pro-posal. 
This amendment would advance re-
search and development in allowing ro-bust utilization of our abundant nat-ural resources in a safe and efficient way. Therefore, I support the amend-ment and urge Members to do the same. 
Mr. GRIFFITH. Using the remainder 
of my time, Mr. Chairman, I would have to say that I appreciate the gen-tlewoman’s comments, and I appreciate the chairman’s support. 
The bottom line is that we are losing 
thousands of jobs in the central Appa-lachian region, and according to the Bristol Herald Courier in a recent arti-cle, 1,000 jobs have been lost in the last year alone in the coal fields. That is one concern. 
We are shutting down this month 
several coal-powered power plants in my district, and we are going to have serious problems if we don’t do some-thing. If we are going to continue down this path, we have to help the industry. We have to help make sure that we are burning the coal in a clean manner, and this is the way to do it. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
The CHAIR. The question is on the 
amendment offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
RIFFITH ). 
The question was taken; and the 
Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. 
Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chairman, I de-
mand a recorded vote. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of 
rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Virginia will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MS . CASTOR  
Ms. CASTOR of Florida. I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
The CHAIR. The Clerk will report the 
amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 21, line 5, after the dollar amount in-
sert ‘‘(increased by $266,161,000)’’. 
Page 22, line 20, after the dollar amount in-
sert ‘‘(reduced by $355,000,000)’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-
lution 223, the gentlewoman from Flor-ida and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from Florida. 
Ms. CASTOR of Florida. Mr. Chair-
man, my amendment increases the En-ergy Efficiency and Renewable Energy account by $266 million, to simply re-store it to last year’s levels, with an offset from the fossil energy account. 
My amendment will boost energy ef-
ficiency and renewable energy initia-tives across America that have a prov-en return on investment for taxpayers. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:13 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00143 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29AP7.150 H29APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2646 April 29, 2015 
This amendment is paid for by reduc-
ing—but not by eliminating—accounts that do not have the same return on in-vestment for taxpayers. 
Unless we adopt this amendment, 
America’s commitment to energy effi-ciency and renewable energy will be slashed by $266 million below the 2015 enacted level and over $1 billion below the budget request. 
Now, Mr. Chairman, I wish that we 
could meet the budget request this year, but that doesn’t appear possible, but we should at least restore the money back to last year’s levels, which is still a very modest investment in en-ergy efficiency and renewable energy for America. 
Investments in energy efficiency cre-
ate jobs and help make our businesses more competitive compared to busi-nesses all across the globe. In addition, energy efficiency reduces costs for con-sumers. Wouldn’t that be revolu-tionary, that we put money back into the pockets of our neighbors back home? 
The amount proposed for energy effi-
ciency and renewable energy in the Re-publican bill is so low that America will have to reduce the number of re-search, development, and demonstra-tion projects with industry, with our universities, and in our national labs. America should be a leader in innova-tion and technological advancement, but instead, the Republican bill says America should take a back seat. 
Well, Mr. Chairman, America should 
take a back seat to no one. We are in the midst of a technological revolution when it comes to energy. Look at what is happening across our great country. We have an incredibly diverse energy portfolio and a growing clean energy and efficiency sector. This is especially important as we tackle the challenges of the changing climate. 
Yet the Republican bill reduces in-
vestment in solar energy technology R&D within the Solar Energy Tech-nologies Office by $81 million, or 35 per-cent, from last year. That means the Department of Energy’s exciting SunShot Initiative goal of enabling cost-competitive solar electricity with-out subsidies by 2020 will be delayed for years. 
That is extremely detrimental to the 
U.S. solar industry and the jobs it cre-ates that currently employ over 174,000 Americans. It will send an unfortunate signal to the Chinese and foreign com-petitors that we are ceding this clean energy industry to them. 
The Republican bill also would result 
in a significant reduction in core solar R&D and the national labs, including the National Renewable Energy Lab-oratory and Sandia National Labora-tories, necessitating reductions in force. 
The Republican bill will also elimi-
nate support for solar industry job training for students and military vet-erans at more than 400 community col-leges across 49 States. This network has been a critical source of trained employees in an industry that is grow-
ing and is expected to grow even more with over 200,000 jobs by the end of 2015. 
Finally, the recently piloted Solar 
Ready Vets program would be at risk, and the planned expansion from 3 to 10 military bases would be affected and canceled. Veterans currently make up 10 percent of the solar industry. 
b2245 
If we do not unleash American inge-
nuity now, our neighbors back home will face increased costs of the chang-ing climate, such as increases in prop-erty insurance, increases in flood in-surance, all of this from extreme weather events, increased property taxes from having to protect drinking water supplies, and storm water infra-structure. I would say instead, let’s in-
vest in America. 
My amendment shifts a little bit, not 
all, from older technologies into cut-ting-edge energy efficiency and clean energy that are so vital to America’s future. 
I appreciate Ranking Member K
AP-
TUR’s vision. She understands that this 
is our future. We are talking about American jobs in American manufac-turing. I appreciate her work. And I ap-preciate Chairman S
IMPSON ’s work on 
the appropriations bill. 
I ask for an ‘‘aye’’ vote on the Castor 
amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
in opposition to the amendment. 
The CHAIR. The gentleman from 
Idaho is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, the 
gentlewoman from Florida says we should invest. We are investing. This amendment would increase funding for energy efficiency and renewable energy by $266 million, restoring it to last year’s level, by using the fossil energy account as an offset. 
This year, funding for EERE is $1.66 
billion, $266 million below last year, and $1.1 billion below the budget re-quest. The recommendation strategi-cally focuses funding on three main priorities: helping American manufac-turers compete in the global market-place, supporting weatherization as-sistance programs, and supporting basic research into renewable energy sources. These are all areas with broad bipartisan support. 
The House recommendation for this 
year was the result of a focused effort to ensure taxpayer funds are spent on the most advanced research projects within these priorities. Increasing funding for EERE by diverting funds from research into fossil energy strikes the wrong balance when considering the Nation’s electricity needs. 
Fossil fuel, such as coal, oil, and nat-
ural gas, provide the vast majority of the energy used by the Nation’s homes and businesses and will continue to provide our energy needs for the fore-seeable future. For example, fossil fuels produce nearly 11 times more electricity than renewable energy fuel sources. I am not against renewable energy. I 
think they are an important part of the mix. They are cute, but they don’t provide the majority of energy that is needed in this country. 
This amendment would decimate 
funding for a program that ensures we use our Nation’s fossil fuel resources as well and as cleanly as possible. There-fore, I must oppose the gentlewoman’s amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. CASTOR of Florida. Mr. Chair-
man, I would say that the burgeoning jobs being created in American manu-facturing and energy efficiency and re-newable energy are more than just cute. They are the jobs of the future in America, a clean energy future. 
I urge my colleagues to adopt the 
Castor amendment: vote for America, vote for American jobs, and vote for the future. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
back the balance of my time. 
The CHAIR. The question is on the 
amendment offered by the gentle-woman from Florida (Ms. C
ASTOR ). 
The amendment was rejected. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . LAMBORN  
Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Chairman, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The CHAIR. The Clerk will report the 
amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 21, line 5, after the dollar amount, in-
sert ‘‘(reduced by $4,000,000) (increased by $4,000,000)’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-
lution 223, the gentleman from Colo-rado and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Colorado. 
Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
The purpose of this amendment is to 
increase the funding for the U.S.-Israel Energy Cooperation program from the current $2 million to $4 million. This critical program allows companies across the U.S. to develop cutting-edge technologies with new partners in Israel in order to advance America’s energy goals. 
Furthermore, the U.S.-Israel Energy 
Cooperative Agreement facilitates greater cooperation and sharing of knowledge between American and Israeli universities on alternative en-ergy. Collaboration between the Amer-ican and Israeli private sector and aca-demia will significantly enhance U.S. efforts to develop alternative tech-nologies and increase energy efficiency to the benefit of our national security, our economy, and the environment. 
Let me be clear, this is not an aid 
program, but instead a cooperative agreement designed to connect the U.S. and Israeli private sectors in the devel-opment of innovative technologies to strengthen our energy security and independence. Reauthorized in 2014 through 2024, the cooperative energy program mandate was expanded to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:13 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00144 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29AP7.209 H29APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2647 April 29, 2015 
cover collaborative research and devel-
opment into renewable technologies, natural gas, and water—key areas of interest for the United States. 
The program is also designed to le-
verage matching contributions from both the Israeli and American private sectors; thus, for every dollar Congress appropriates, $3 are invested, contrib-uting to our economy in addition to our energy security. The program has already leveraged over $27 million in private sector investment. This is an excellent way to leverage a modest in-vestment into critical energy innova-tion to the benefit of both countries. 
I encourage all of my colleagues to 
support this amendment to make a greater investment in America’s and Israel’s energy future and to support an important bilateral energy coopera-tion agreement with one of our Na-tion’s closest allies. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
The CHAIR. The question is on the 
amendment offered by the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. L
AMBORN ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . SWALWELL OF  
CALIFORNIA  
Mr. SWALWELL of California. Mr. 
Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. 
The CHAIR. The Clerk will report the 
amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 21, line 5, after the dollar amount, in-
sert ‘‘(increased by $25,500,000)’’. 
Page 22, line 20, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(reduced by $34,000,000)’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-
lution 223, the gentleman from Cali-fornia and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from California. 
Mr. SWALWELL of California. Mr. 
Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of my 
amendment, which I offer along with Representatives P
ERLMUTTER , W ELCH , 
LIEU, TONKO , M ATSUI , and C ONNOLLY , 
which would cut the increase provided to the fossil Energy Research and De-velopment account back to its fiscal year 2015 level and put that money to-ward the Energy Efficiency and Renew-able Energy, also known as EERE, ac-count. 
My amendment presents a question 
for the Congress this evening: Are we going to invest in the future of energy or are we going to continue to look backwards? 
We are certainly an all-of-the-above 
country when it comes to where we get our energy; however, that does not mean we have to be an all-of-the-above country when it comes to how we spend our Federal research dollars. 
For decades, we have relied on fossil 
fuels, fuels that dirty our environment, that are fundamentally changing our environment, that keep us dependent on foreign sources of energy and are a finite resource. Reliance like this is simply not sustainable over the long- 
term. 
Energy that is clean and renewable is 
where our future lies. To put this in perspective, this budget proposes to cut the investment in renewable energy by $266 million from last year, and in-crease investments in fossil fuel by $34 million. 
My colleagues on the other side often 
ask: Why can’t we run government like a business? This would be similar to a business cutting its cell phone, iPhone, laptop, iPad budget and increasing its pager and landline budget. It is time that we start running government like a business and making investments in renewable energy because they will pay off for our future and also for health and jobs that will be created around them. 
Young people understand this choice 
well. I have the opportunity to lead a group in the Congress called Future Forum, and we have gone across the country from New York to Boston to San Francisco talking to young people about what issues matter to them. And across the country the issue is always the same: Why can’t this Congress be more forward looking as to where we get our energy? 
Millennials know that they are a 
generation who will be living with the consequences of the energy choices we make here today. It is their environ-ment that will be damaged. It is their climate that will be altered, and their energy choices that will be limited if we fail to invest in renewable clean sources of energy now. 
I know the budget is tight and we 
have to make difficult choices about how to allocate scarce resources, and I understand and appreciate that some of the money supported by the Fossil En-ergy research and development account are seeking to improve how we use fos-sil fuels. 
But how can we take limited re-
sources to increase spending in any way to support fossil fuels and encour-age their use over fiscal year 2016 by $34 million while cutting renewable en-ergy by $266 million? This makes no sense. 
Look at what other countries are 
doing. Germany right now receives 30 percent, 30 percent of its energy from renewable sources. Can we not do bet-ter than Germany? The only way we can is if we invest in the future. We shouldn’t be increasing funding to con-tinue to use energy sources of the past. 
I urge all Members to support my 
amendment, to undo this increase and redirect that money towards sup-porting the energy of the future—re-newable energy. 
With that, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
in opposition to the amendment. 
The CHAIR. The gentleman from 
Idaho is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, it is 
the same debate we used on the other amendment, so I could just say repeat the same debate. The fact is we are in-
vesting in what we use: 85 percent of electricity produced in this country is produced by fossil energies. We invest in that to try to make it more clean. We are the Saudi Arabia of coal. Why would we walk away from that? We can do it cleaner. We can do it more effi-ciently, and that is what we are invest-ing in. 
We are still investing in renewable 
energies. It is not that we are just ig-noring those other things. In fact, we are investing $1.66 billion in those things. Fossil energy that we use much more than we do renewable energies, only investing $605 million in it. 
So our priorities, I believe, in this 
bill are in the right place. And while I appreciate what the gentleman is try-ing to do, I think it would unbalance the bill, and I would urge the rejection of his amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SWALWELL of California. Mr. 
Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
back the balance of my time. 
The CHAIR. The question is on the 
amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. S
WALWELL ). 
The question was taken; and the 
Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. SWALWELL of California. Mr. 
Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of 
rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . PERRY  
Mr. PERRY. Mr. Chairman, I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
The CHAIR. The Clerk will report the 
amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 21, line 5, after the dollar amount, in-
sert ‘‘(increased by $22,300,000)’’. 
Page 27, line 13, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(reduced by $22,300,000)’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-
lution 223, the gentleman from Penn-sylvania and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Pennsylvania. 
Mr. PERRY. Mr. Chairman, let me 
begin by thanking Chairman S
IMPSON  
for working on the bill and being will-ing to listen to this issue. 
This amendment seeks to highlight 
the fact that the Water Power Program is vitally important to reducing our de-pendence on foreign oil. 
This bill, the underlying bill, cuts 
hydropower by over $22 million. What the amendment I am offering does is restores that funding and offsets it with Department of Energy adminis-trative costs. 
Hydropower is the Nation’s most 
available, reliable, affordable, and sus-tainable energy source. Requiring only the power of moving water—rivers, streams, and ocean waves and tides— hydropower is domestic and renewable. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:13 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00145 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29AP7.212 H29APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2648 April 29, 2015 
Hydropower is available in every re-
gion of the country. A range of tech-nologies exist or are under develop-ment to tap the power of waves, tides, and river flows. Thousands of megawatts of potential are available from ocean energy projects from New England to the west coast and Alaska, and from in-river hydrokinetic projects proposed along the Mississippi River and others. 2,200 hydropower plants provide America’s most abundant source of clean, renewable electricity. 
The United States produces more 
electricity from hydropower than from any other renewable electricity source. It accounted for 56 percent of renew-able generation in 2012 and 7 percent of the Nation’s overall electricity genera-tion. 
New technology employed at existing 
hydro sites represents an opportunity for new sources of power. By installing more efficient turbines and enhancing performance, existing hydropower in-frastructure can generate even more power, sustainably. Harnessing more of this energy will create a truly renew-able and green energy source. 
There are advantages over wind and 
solar. Hydro has a predictable year- round output, while solar and wind out-put can be variable in some areas and necessitates the use of large battery banks and/or alternate power sources. 
b2300 
Even routine, minor maintenance on 
a windmill can be difficult on the top of a wind tower, while hydropower pro-vides relatively low maintenance. Hy-dropower facilities are quiet and often can be made unobtrusive, while many people report that considerable noise is generated by wind power. 
Hydropower also faces a comprehen-
sive regulatory approval process. It in-volves too many participants, includ-ing FERC, the Federal and State re-source agencies, local governments, tribes, NGOs, and the public. Cur-rently, there are 60,000 megawatts of preliminary permits and projects awaiting final approval or that are pending before the Commission in 45 States. 
Pennsylvania, where I come from, is 
in the top 10 for hydropower potential, and, according to the Department of Energy, of the 80,000 total dams in the United States, 600 have the immediate capability to produce energy. 
This amendment seeks to highlight 
the lost and underutilized capacity of abundant, economical, and clean en-ergy right here within our commu-nities while we irresponsibly spend hard-earned tax dollars on less viable options. 
At this time, I ask unanimous con-
sent to withdraw this amendment from consideration while simultaneously asking for favorable consideration on the bipartisan hydro amendment to be offered very shortly. 
The CHAIR. Is there objection to the 
request of the gentleman from Penn-sylvania? There was no objection. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MS . BONAMICI  
Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Chairman, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The CHAIR. The Clerk will report the 
amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 21, line 5, after the dollar amount in-
sert ‘‘(increased by $9,000,000)’’. 
Page 27, line 13, after the dollar amount in-
sert ‘‘(reduced by $9,000,000)’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-
lution 223, the gentlewoman from Or-egon and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from Oregon. 
Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
today because of the power and poten-tial of water and in support of a bipar-tisan amendment that I am pleased to offer with my colleague from Pennsyl-vania, Congressman P
ERRY , and with 
my colleague from Maine, Congress-woman P
INGREE . 
Mr. Chairman, our amendment would 
increase funding to the Department of Energy’s Water Power Program by just $9 million, which is a small price tag that will yield a huge return on invest-ment. This increase is offset by an equal amount by the departmental ad-ministration account. The modest in-crease that we are proposing will sup-port hydropower and also the develop-ment of innovative hydropower tech-nologies, along with marine and hydrokinetic energy technologies. 
The development of these new tech-
nologies can offer the United States a chance to lead the world in an emerg-ing area of abundant renewable energy. Marine and hydrokinetic energy—in particular, energy from waves, cur-rents, and tides, which, unlike the Sun and wind, do not stop—is an exciting frontier in the renewable energy sec-tor. 
Currently, Oregon State University, 
the University of Washington, and the University of Alaska Fairbanks are 
using Federal funding from the Water Power Program to support the testing and research activities of the North-west National Marine Renewable En-ergy Center, a center that will provide visionary entrepreneurs a domestic lo-cation to test wave energy devices, along with other technology, rather than traveling to Scotland to use the European test center. Without contin-ued Federal investment, Europe will remain the leader. 
When fully developed, wave and tidal 
energy systems could generate a sig-nificant amount of total energy used in the United States. As Congress pro-motes technologies that can help lower our constituents’ energy bills, we must embrace new and innovative solutions, like marine and hydrokinetic renew-able energy. With this modest increase, the Water Power Program can do that while continuing to support a Federal investment in conventional hydro-power technology. 
Mr. Chairman, I urge the adoption of 
the bipartisan amendment, and I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. PERRY. Mr. Chairman, I rise in 
opposition, but I am not opposed to the amendment. 
The CHAIR. Without objection, the 
gentleman from Pennsylvania is recog-nized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. PERRY. Mr. Chairman, I see the 
amendment as a reasonable, bipartisan approach and agreement which has seen favorable consideration in this House in the past. 
As I said just previously, hydropower 
is the Nation’s most available, reliable, affordable, and sustainable energy source. It seems to me, while we spend a lot of money, time, and energy on unproven resources, this is one that has stood the test of time. As a matter of fact, it is one of the beginning sources of energy not only in the United States but around the globe, and if we should be spending any of our resources, this is one that we know. This is one that is in every community. This is one that is clean. This is one that doesn’t create too much noise for people, and it doesn’t hurt fish. All it does is produce power without doing anything else, so it is hard to argue why we wouldn’t be in support of this amendment and this program. 
Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues 
to vote in support of this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
Ms. BONAMICI. I thank the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania for his co-sponsorship of this amendment. 
Mr. Chairman, again, this is a modest 
increase in the Water Power Program, which supports hydropower technology as well as new and innovative solu-tions, like hydrokinetic renewable en-ergy. 
I urge the support of this bipartisan 
amendment, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. 
The CHAIR. The question is on the 
amendment offered by the gentle-woman from Oregon (Ms. B
ONAMICI ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . COHEN  
Mr. COHEN. Mr. Chairman, I rise to 
offer an amendment. 
The CHAIR. The Clerk will report the 
amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 21, line 5, after the dollar amount, in-
sert ‘‘(increased by $2,000,000)’’. 
Page 27, line 13, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(reduced by $2,000,000)’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-
lution 223, the gentleman from Ten-nessee and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Tennessee. 
Mr. COHEN. Mr. Chairman, this 
amendment would increase funding for the Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy account by $2 million for the SuperTruck II program. 
The SuperTruck program was initi-
ated by the Department of Energy to improve freight and heavy-duty vehicle efficiency. The Appropriations Com-mittee acknowledged the success of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:13 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00146 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29AP7.216 H29APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2649 April 29, 2015 
SuperTruck I in their committee re-
port, but, unfortunately, it rec-ommended only $8 million of the re-quested $40 million for the SuperTruck II program to further improve the effi-ciency of these vehicles. SuperTruck II will continue dramatic improvements in the freight efficiency of heavy-duty Class 8 long-haul and regional-haul ve-hicles through system level improve-ments. These improvements include hybridization, more efficient idling, and high efficiency HVAC technologies. 
By increasing the funding for the 
SuperTruck program by just $2 million, it will allow the Department of Energy to better achieve their freight effi-ciency goals. It will be good for the en-vironment. It will be good for the trucking community. It will be good for America. This amendment is offset via a decrease in the departmental ad-ministration account. 
I would like to thank Chairman 
S
IMPSON and Ranking Member K APTUR  
for their hard work on the bill, and I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on this amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the 
amendment offered by the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. C
OHEN ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . BYRNE  
Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Chairman, I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
The CHAIR. The Clerk will report the 
amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 21, Line 5 
In the ‘‘Energy Efficiency and Renewable 
Energy’’ account, after the aggregate dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $1,657,774,000)’’. 
Page 21, Line 6 In the ‘‘Energy Efficiency and Renewable 
Energy’’ account, after the dollar amount re-lating to program direction, insert ‘‘(reduced by $150,000,000)’’. 
Page 57, Line 11 In the spending reduction account, after 
the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $1,657,774,000)’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-
lution 223, the gentleman from Ala-bama and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Alabama. 
Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Chairman, my 
amendment seeks to strike all funding of the Department of Energy’s Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy pro-gram. 
This program, under the Department 
of Energy, allows the government to invest millions—indeed, over $1 bil-lion—of taxpayer money in high-risk research and development schemes for green energy projects. The government should not be in the business of sub-sidizing the research and development initiatives of individual companies. Let’s be clear. Competition and innova-tion have been key aspects of the pri-vate sector’s success in our country from day one, and the government should not take the role of a private in-vestor. 
Every business has a bottom line, 
which is itself a direct incentive for de-veloping methods for becoming more 
energy efficient and innovative. By subsidizing this small sector of the en-ergy economy, we are essentially al-lowing the Department of Energy to spend millions of taxpayer dollars on unconventional energy initiatives and projects that place taxpayer dollars at risk and that are not likely to produce a return on investment. 
We as a Congress have continuously 
stated the need for an all-of-the-above energy strategy, but continued invest-ment into the EERE program focuses on the small portion of a largely unpro-ductive portion of the energy sector at the expense of more traditional energy sources, such as fossil fuels and nu-clear, which have a proven, reliable track record. 
I do want to applaud Chairman S
IMP-
SONand the entire committee for their 
work on this bill. I know they face many tough choices when it comes to preparing these bills, and I do appre-ciate their hard work. 
Ultimately, the American people are 
sick and tired of a Federal Government that continues to recklessly spend tax-payer dollars. They want to see Con-gress make the tough choices and rein in wasteful spending. I believe that eliminating funding for the EERE pro-gram would be a step in the right direc-tion. It would be a small step toward restoring fiscal sanity in Washington. At a time when many Americans and small businesses continue to struggle, we must focus on reasonable energy strategies that allow for the most af-fordable and reliable energy resources for consumers and businesses alike. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
in opposition to the gentleman’s amendment. 
The CHAIR. The gentleman from 
Idaho is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, we 
have now seen amendments to put 
more money into the EERE and amendments to take money out of the EERE and now an amendment to elimi-nate the EERE. 
I have to rise in opposition to this 
amendment. This bill supports an all- of-the-above approach to utilize our abundant natural resources and ad-vance energy in new technologies to in-crease our energy security. A part of that approach includes strategic in-vestments in the EERE accounts. 
I agree that there are many activi-
ties in this program that could use a closer and more critical look. That is why this bill focuses funding on basic technological research and manufac-turing advancements in this account. The bill reduces the EERE by $266 mil-lion over last year’s level, but this amendment, I believe, would go too far. I must support the strategic balance of this bill. Therefore, I must oppose my colleague’s amendment, and I urge oth-ers to do the same. 
I yield to the gentlewoman from Ohio 
(Ms. K
APTUR ). 
Ms. KAPTUR. I appreciate the chair-
man’s yielding. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to 
this amendment. 
I first want to invite the gentleman 
from Alabama to Ohio to see part of the new energy sector in our country. It is absolutely incredible, and it does involve high-level research to produce new energy technologies. I support nu-clear, and I support fossil-based re-search, but I also support coal and tidal energy and wind and biofuels and geothermal—all of them—because we need them. 
New investment in clean energy in 
our country in 2013 totaled $36.7 billion. The leading company in solar in our country and, frankly, globally is a U.S.-born company—born in Ohio— called First Solar. You mentioned non-productivity. Their stock is sold on Wall Street. They benefited early on in that company’s life by photovoltaic re-search beginning back in the 1970s and 1980s at the U.S. Department of En-ergy. It is really incredible to see the future being born, and I am hoping Ala-bama can take advantage of that kind of technology. 
What concerns me, and one of the 
reasons I am on my feet at this point, is that they have competition from China. The first and second companies in the world that are being subsidized by the Chinese Government are in tough competition with the U.S.-born company, and we can’t ignore the fact that global venture capital and private equity in new investment in clean en-ergy increased from $1.4 billion in 2004 to $4.4 billion in 2013. The question is: Where is that going to be invested—in our country or someplace else? 
b2315 
So I would just say that we have 
made tremendous progress in an all-of- the-above strategy. Renewable sources now account for 23 percent of all elec-tricity generation globally. That is amazing progress. We are learning how to work in conjunction with the Earth. 
Who would ever have guessed that 
ethanol would now consume 10 percent of what you put in your tank? People said you can’t even get to 1 percent. Now they are looking to 15 percent. It is unbelievable what is happening in these fields. 
I appreciate the gentleman wanting 
to be responsible. I think we are being responsible in providing an all-of-the- above bill, including new energy tech-nologies that will help our country in future generations so we no longer have to be dependent on imported en-ergy, which I view as our chief stra-tegic vulnerability. 
I thank the gentleman for yielding. I 
rise in strong opposition to the gentle-man’s amendment. 
Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chair, I yield 
back the balance of my time. 
Mr. BYRNE. I rejoice with the gen-
tlewoman from Ohio that there is a company there that is making money. We should always be about American companies making money. But if they are making money, they don’t need a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:13 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00147 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29AP7.221 H29APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2650 April 29, 2015 
subsidy from the government. I would 
like you to come to Alabama, where coal miners are losing their jobs be-cause we have a war on coal in this country. 
We give lip service to all-of-the- 
above, and then the administration has a deliberate policy of attacking coal as a means of energy for our country and putting people out of work. So I would invite you to come down and see the suffering of our people because of that one-sided strategy: we are going to at-tack coal, but we are going to give money to alternative energy. There is something wrong with that. 
So I understand the gentlewoman 
wants to stand up for a great company in Ohio—I would love to come see it— because I think an all-of-the-above strategy is good for America, but we are picking winners and losers with this money, and the administration is picking losers by attacking coal as a source of energy and a source of jobs for our American people. So I would hope that we would care as much about those coal miners in West Virginia and Kentucky and Alabama. 
Ms. KAPTUR. And Ohio. Mr. BYRNE. And Ohio as we do about 
these alternative energy programs that we are subsidizing. No one is sub-sidizing those coal miners; no one is subsidizing their families that have lost their means of living, but we are going to subsidize all these other com-panies—maybe they are doing good things, maybe they are not—because we have a lopsided understanding about how to produce energy in this country. 
Let the energy sector go. Let oil and 
natural gas and coal go. Look what we have done to the price of oil and the price of gas just over the last year be-cause they have innovated on their own. They don’t need the government to innovate for them. They need the government to get out of their way. 
If the gentlewoman wants to respond, 
I would be happy to yield to her. 
Ms. KAPTUR. I just wanted to say 
Ohio is a major coal-producing State. 
Mr. BYRNE. Then you understand 
what I am saying. 
Ms. KAPTUR. We will have more 
coal-fired utilities shut down in Ohio than almost any other State, so I iden-tify with what the gentleman is saying. Frankly, I think that we, as a country, have to be much more responsive to our miners and to coal country USA. I represent the largest coal shipping port on the Great Lakes. I fully appreciate what you are saying. 
I supported that industry from the 
day I got here. I have supported re-search into the clean coal program and continue to do so. I just want you to know that. We don’t disagree on harm-ing any sector. We need them all. 
Mr. BYRNE. Reclaiming my time, I 
would just say I wish we could put money into that program like we do into this. 
Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of 
my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the 
amendment offered by the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. B
YRNE ). 
The question was taken; and the 
Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Chair, I demand a 
recorded vote. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of 
rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Alabama will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . MCCLINTOCK  
Mr. M CCLINTOCK. Mr. Chairman, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The CHAIR. The Clerk will report the 
amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 21, lines 5 and 6, after each dollar 
amount, insert ‘‘(reduced to $0)’’. 
Page 22, line 3, after the dollar amount, in-
sert ‘‘(reduced by $691,886,000)’’. 
Page 22, lines 20 and 21, after each dollar 
amount, insert ‘‘(reduced to $0)’’. 
Page 57, line 11, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(increased by $2,954,660,000)’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-
lution 223, the gentleman from Cali-fornia and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from California. 
Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Chairman, 
this amendment is similar to the pre-vious one, except this one requires en-ergy companies of all kinds to fund their own research and development programs rather than continuing to re-quire taxpayers to subsidize their ac-tivity to the tune of almost $3 billion. It does not affect the funds set aside for nuclear waste disposal or national defense projects. 
For too long we have suffered from 
the conceit that politicians can make better energy investments with tax-payer money than investors can do with their own money. It is this con-ceit that has produced a long line of scandals best illustrated by the Solyndra fiasco. This research doesn’t even benefit the common good by plac-ing these discoveries in the public do-main. Any discoveries, although fi-nanced by the public, are owned lock, stock, and barrel by the private compa-nies that receive these public funds. Public costs, private benefit; this is nothing but corporate welfare, and that is what these energy subsidies amount to. 
My amendment protects taxpayers 
from being forced to pay the research and development budgets of these com-panies. It gets government out of the energy business and requires all energy companies and all energy technologies to compete equally on their own merits and with their own funds. 
Last year when we debated similar 
amendments, we heard of all the tech-nological breakthroughs financed by the Federal Government, from rail-roads to the Internet. We heard prom-ises of future breakthroughs from this massive expenditure of public funds. I freely recognize that if you hand over millions of dollars of public subsidies to a private corporation, perhaps in 
Ohio, that corporation will do very well. Some of these dollars might even produce a breakthrough that will then be owned by that private corporation, and then it will do extremely well. 
But what the advocates of these sub-
sidies fail to consider is Bastiat’s di-lemma between the seen and the un-seen. We see the politically well-con-nected company that makes out like a bandit. What we don’t see are the sac-rifices that struggling families and small businesses must make as these taxes are taken away from them. You don’t see small companies struggle by having to compete against their own tax dollars given to their corporate competitors by a doting friend in gov-ernment. Nor do we see the break-throughs and discoveries that these dollars might have purchased if they had been made by investors using their own money, making investments based on the highest economic return of these dollars. 
Politicians using other people’s 
money make investments based on the highest political return of these dol-lars. That is the principal difference between Apple Computer and Solyndra or between FedEx and the post office. These public subsidies, in effect, take dollars that would have naturally flowed into the most effective and promising technologies and divert them into those that are politically fa-vored. Dollar for dollar, this minimizes our energy potential instead of maxi-mizing it. 
For example, hydraulic fracturing 
has revolutionized the fossil fuels in-dustry, and it offers us the very real potential of becoming energy inde-pendent. After the 1973 oil embargo, the Federal Government spent $1.5 bil-lion on oil and gas production research, much of it on shale production, and ac-complished nothing. The government lost interest. 
But private investors renewed re-
search with their own money in the 1990s and began producing the tech-nologies that are used in today’s boom. Public investment failed miserably; private investment succeeded beyond our wildest dreams. In short, if the technology is promising, it does not need our help; and if it isn’t promising, it doesn’t deserve our help. In either case, we have no business taking from the earnings of struggling families and small businesses that pay the research and development budgets of big cor-porations. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
in opposition to the amendment. 
The CHAIR. The gentleman from 
Idaho is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
to oppose this amendment. Hydraulic fracking has been going on for 40 or 50 years in this country, by the way. 
This year the committee continues 
its responsibility to reduce government spending, and we have done that. We have worked tirelessly to that end. The 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:13 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00148 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29AP7.224 H29APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2651 April 29, 2015 
bill already cuts energy efficiency and 
renewable energy programs by $266 mil-lion below last year’s request and $1.1 billion below the budget request. 
The fossil and nuclear energy pro-
grams receive targeted increases of $34 million and $23 million, respectively. The increase to fossil energy targets advanced research that will increase the efficiency of power plant turbines and conserve water usage during elec-tricity generation. 
The increase to nuclear energy will 
support security upgrades for the Idaho National Laboratory to protect the Na-tion’s nuclear energy materials and a range of nuclear security programs at the NNSA, Homeland Security, and other Federal agencies. 
Although my colleague asserts the 
amendment would keep the govern-ment from intervening in the private markets, these applied energy pro-grams are strategic investments for our energy independence. I appreciate my colleague’s desire to reduce the size of the government. I agree with him. This amendment goes too far by elimi-nating the strategic investments we need to make for our future. I therefore oppose this amendment and ask my colleagues to oppose it also. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Chairman, I 
would simply respond to my friend from Idaho that he is right to point with pride to the fact that the Com-mittee on Appropriations has reduced EERE spending by 16 percent. He is certainly on the right track. He is just building a little slowly in that regard. 
We want to help him by doing what is 
right and restoring to the private in-vestors the responsibility of using their own money to research and develop these energy breakthroughs and leave the Federal Government to doing what it does best, and that is staying out and letting the private sector succeed. 
Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. SIMPSON. I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
The CHAIR. The question is on the 
amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ). 
The question was taken; and the 
Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Chairman, I 
demand a recorded vote. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of 
rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California will be postponed. 
The Clerk will read. The Clerk read as follows: 
ELECTRICITY DELIVERY AND ENERGY  
RELIABILITY  
For Department of Energy expenses includ-
ing the purchase, construction, and acquisi-tion of plant and capital equipment, and other expenses necessary for electricity de-livery and energy reliability activities in carrying out the purposes of the Department of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), including the acquisition or condemna-tion of any real property or any facility or for plant or facility acquisition, construc-tion, or expansion, $187,500,000, to remain 
available until expended: Provided , That of 
such amount, $27,000,000 shall be available until September 30, 2017, for program direc-tion. 
N
UCLEAR ENERGY  
For Department of Energy expenses includ-
ing the purchase, construction, and acquisi-tion of plant and capital equipment, and other expenses necessary for nuclear energy activities in carrying out the purposes of the Department of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), including the acquisition or condemnation of any real property or any facility or for plant or facility acquisition, construction, or expansion, $936,161,000, to re-main available until expended: Provided , 
That of such amount, $80,000,000 shall be available until September 30, 2017, for pro-gram direction including official reception and representation expenses not to exceed $10,000. 
Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chair, I move 
that the Committee do now rise. 
The motion was agreed to. Accordingly, the Committee rose; 
and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ) having assumed the 
chair, Mr. C OLLINS of Georgia, Chair of 
the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under con-sideration the bill (H.R. 2028) making appropriations for energy and water de-velopment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes, had come to no resolution thereon. 
f 
SENATE BILL REFERRED 
A bill of the Senate of the following 
title was taken from the Speaker’s table and, under the rule, referred as follows: 
S. 304. An act to improve motor vehicle 
safety by encouraging the sharing of certain information; to the committee on Energy and Commerce. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT 
Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Speaker, I move 
that the House do now adjourn. 
The motion was agreed to; accord-
ingly (at 11 o’clock and 29 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Thursday, April 30, 2015, at 10 a.m. for morning-hour debate. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, 
ETC. 
Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
1298. A letter from the Chief Counsel, 
FEMA, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Suspension of Community Eligibility (Cecil County, MD, et al.) [Docket ID: FEMA-2015- 0001] [Internal Agency Docket No.: FEMA- 8377) received April 27, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Fi-nancial Services. 
1299. A letter from the Director, Regula-
tions Policy and Management Staff, Depart-ment of Health and Human Services, trans-mitting the Department’s final rule — Ad-ministrative Detention of Drugs Intended for Human or Animal Use; Correction [Docket 
No.: FDA-2013-N-0365] received April 28, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
1300. A letter from the Secretary, Federal 
Trade Commission, transmitting the Com-mission’s final rules — Revisions to Rules of Practice received April 28, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
1301. A letter from the Secretary, Federal 
Trade Commission, transmitting the Com-mission’s final rules — Revisions to Rules of Practice received April 28, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
1302. A letter from the Assistant Director, 
Executive and Political Personnel, Depart-ment of Defense, transmitting a report pur-suant to the Federal Vacancies Reform Act of 1998, Pub. L. 105-277; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
1303. A letter from the Assistant Director, 
Senior Executive Management Office, De-partment of Defense, transmitting a report pursuant to the Federal Vacancies Reform Act of 1998, Pub. L. 105-277; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
1304. A letter from the Assistant Director, 
Senior Executive Management Office, De-partment of Defense, transmitting a report pursuant to the Federal Vacancies Reform Act of 1998, Pub. L. 105-277; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
1305. A letter from the Assistant Director, 
Senior Executive Management Office, De-partment of Defense, transmitting a report pursuant to the Federal Vacancies Reform Act of 1998, Pub. L. 105-277; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
1306. A letter from the Director, Peace 
Corps, transmitting the Corp’s FY 2014 an-nual report, pursuant to Sec. 203 of the Noti-fication and Federal Employee Antidiscrimi-nation and Retaliation Act of 2002 (No FEAR Act), Pub. L. 107-174; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
1307. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, 
U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Sabine River, Orange, TX [Docket No.: USCG-2015- 0236] (RIN: 1625-AA00) received April 27, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 
1308. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, 
U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Xterra Swim, Myrtle Beach, SC [Docket No.: USCG- 2015-0019] (RIN: 1625-AA00) received April 27, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 
1309. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, 
U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Drawbridge Operation Regula-tion; Mantua Creek, Paulsboro, NJ [Docket No.: USCG-2014-0807] (RIN: 1625-AA09) re-ceived April 27, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
1310. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, 
U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Drawbridge Operation Regula-tion; Taylor Bayou Outfall Canal (Joint Out-fall Canal), TX [Docket No.: USCG-2014-0386] (RIN: 1625-AA09) received April 27, 2015, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 
1311. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, 
U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Consolidation of Officer in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:13 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00149 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29AP7.226 H29APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2652 April 29, 2015 
Charge, Marine Inspection For Outer Conti-
nental Shelf Activities; Eighth Coast Guard District; Technical, Organizational, and Con-forming Amendments [Docket No.: USCG- 2013-0491] (RIN: 1625-AB88) received April 27, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 
1312. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, 
U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Drawbridge Operation Regula-tion; Coquille River, Bandon, OR [Docket No.: USCG-2014-0213] (RIN: 1625-AA09) re-ceived April 27, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
1313. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, 
U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Special Local Regulations and Safety Zones; Recurring Marine Events and Fireworks Displays within the Fifth Coast Guard District [Docket No.: USCG-2014-1011] (RIN: 1625-AA00, AA08) received April 27, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 
1314. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, 
U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s in-terim temporary final rule — Special Local Regulation; San Salvador Launch and Pro-cession; San Diego Bay, San Diego, CA [Docket No.: USCG-2015-0138] (RIN: 1625- AA08) received April 27, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
1315. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, 
U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Special Local Regu-lation; Glass City Scrimmage; Maumee River, Toledo, OH [Docket No.: USCG-2015- 0185] (RIN: 1625-AA08) received April 27, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 
1316. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, 
U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Special Local Regu-lation; Hebda Cup Rowing Regatta; Detroit River, Wyandotte, MI [Docket No.: USCG- 2015-0190] (RIN: 1625-AA08) received April 27, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 
1317. A letter from the Deputy General 
Counsel, Small Business Administration, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Advisory Small Business Size Decisions (RIN: 3245-AG59) received April 27, 2015, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Com-mittee on Small Business. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of 
committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Committee on Nat-
ural Resources. H.R. 308. A bill to prohibit gaming activities on certain Indian lands in Arizona until the expiration of certain gam-ing compacts (Rept. 114–95). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia: Committee of 
Conference. Conference report on S. Con. Res. 11. A resolution setting forth the con-gressional budget for the United States Gov-ernment for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025 (Rept. 114–96). Or-
dered to be printed. 
Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky: Committee on 
Appropriations. Suballocation of Budget Al-locations for Fiscal Year 2016 (Rept. 114–97). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. WOODALL: Committee on Rules. 
House Resolution 231. Resolution providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 1732) to preserve existing rights and responsibilities with respect to waters of the United States, and for other purposes; providing for consid-eration of the conference report to accom-pany the concurrent resolution (S. Con. Res. 11) setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budg-etary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; and providing for consideration of the joint resolution (H.J. Res. 43) disapproving the ac-tion of the District of Columbia Council in approving the Reproductive Health Non-Dis-crimination Amendment Act of 2014 (Rept. 114–98). Referred to the House Calendar. 
f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XII, public 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. SWALWELL of California: 
H.R. 2082. A bill to provide for loan forgive-
ness for STEM teachers, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mrs. CAPPS (for herself, Mr. J
OYCE , 
Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. D ANNY K. 
DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. 
LANGEVIN , Mr. P AYNE , Mr. P ETERS , 
Mr. S CHRADER , Ms. S LAUGHTER , and 
Mrs. T ORRES ): 
H.R. 2083. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to provide for patient protection by establishing safe nurse staffing levels at certain Medicare providers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. MARCHANT: 
H.R. 2084. A bill to amend title 18, United 
States Code, to add certain tax-related crimes to the definition of aggravated iden-tity theft, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. DENHAM (for himself, Mr. C
AL-
VERT , Mr. M CCLINTOCK , and Mr. 
NUNES ): 
H.R. 2085. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
the Interior to enter into negotiations with interested local water and power providers for the transfer of ownership, control, and operation of the New Melones Unit, Central Valley Project, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
By Mr. DENHAM (for himself, Mr. 
L
AMALFA , Mr. C ALVERT , Mr. M CCLIN-
TOCK , Mr. N UNES , and Mr. C OSTA ): 
H.R. 2086. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
Commerce, with the Oakdale Irrigation Dis-trict and the South San Joaquin Irrigation District, California, to develop and conduct a pilot program to remove nonnative predator fishes from the Stanislaus River, California, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia (for him-
self, Mr. C
ONYERS , Mr. C UMMINGS , Ms. 
MAXINE WATERS of California, Mr. 
VANHOLLEN , Mr. S COTT of Virginia, 
Mr. E LLISON , Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. 
SCHAKOWSKY , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Ms. 
JUDYCHUof California, Mr. D EUTCH , 
Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. N ADLER , Mr. 
DEFAZIO, Mr. L YNCH , Mr. S ERRANO , 
Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, Mr. 
PIERLUISI , Ms. M CCOLLUM , Ms. N OR-
TON, Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Ms. E DWARDS , 
Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. R ICHMOND , Mr. 
CARSON of Indiana, Mr. R YANof Ohio, 
Mr. H ONDA , Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. L IPIN-
SKI, Mr. P OCAN , Ms. C LARK of Massa-
chusetts, Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. S WALWELL  
of California, Ms. B ASS, Ms. 
BONAMICI , Mrs. C APPS , Mr. M CGOV-
ERN, Ms. D ELBENE, Mr. S ARBANES , 
Ms. D EGETTE , Mr. P AYNE , Ms. S PEIER , 
Mr. T AKANO , Mr. D ELANEY , Mr. 
FATTAH , Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. M CNER-
NEY, Mr. H IGGINS , Mr. B LUMENAUER , 
Ms. L EE, Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. G ENE 
GREEN of Texas, Mr. L OEBSACK , Ms. 
JACKSON LEE, Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. 
TONKO , Ms. W ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. 
CAPUANO , Mr. C OURTNEY , Mr. K ILDEE , 
Ms. P INGREE , Mr. F ARR, Mr. G RAY-
SON, Ms. L OFGREN , Ms. E DDIE BERNICE  
JOHNSON of Texas, Mrs. C AROLYN B. 
MALONEY of New York, and Mr. 
MEEKS ): 
H.R. 2087. A bill to amend title 9 of the 
United States Code with respect to arbitra-tion; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. CONAWAY (for himself, Mr. 
P
ETERSON , Mr. C RAWFORD , and Mr. 
WALZ): 
H.R. 2088. A bill to amend the United 
States Grain Standards Act to improve in-spection services performed at export ele-vators at export port locations, to reauthor-ize certain authorities of the Secretary of Agriculture under such Act, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agriculture. 
By Ms. D
ELBENE (for herself and Mr. 
HANNA ): 
H.R. 2089. A bill to amend the Higher Edu-
cation Act of 1965 to lower the cost of college education by establishing pilot programs to expand student access to digital course ma-terials; to the Committee on Education and 
the Workforce. 
By Mr. COURTNEY (for himself, Ms. 
W
ILSON of Florida, Mr. T AKANO , Mr. 
GENEGREEN of Texas, Mr. S COTT of 
Virginia, and Mr. C ONYERS ): 
H.R. 2090. A bill to amend the Occupational 
Safety and Health Act of 1970 to expand cov-erage under the Act, to increase protections for whistleblowers, to increase penalties for high gravity violations, to adjust penalties for inflation, to provide rights for victims or their family members, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mr. POLIQUIN (for himself, Mr. 
E
LLISON , Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, 
Mr. D UFFY , Mr. M URPHY of Florida, 
and Mrs. W AGNER ): 
H.R. 2091. A bill to amend the Fair Credit 
Reporting Act to clarify the ability to re-quest consumer reports in certain cases to establish and enforce child support payments and awards; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
By Mr. MESSER (for himself and Mr. 
P
OLIS): 
H.R. 2092. A bill to require operators that 
provide online and similar services to edu-cational agencies or institutions to protect the privacy and security of personally identi-fiable information, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce, for a period to be 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:13 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00150 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L29AP7.000 H29APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2653 April 29, 2015 
subsequently determined by the Speaker, in 
each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. CULBERSON (for himself, Mr. 
S
MITH of Texas, Mr. S ENSENBRENNER , 
and Mr. C UELLAR ): 
H.R. 2093. A bill to preserve American 
space leadership, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Tech-nology, and in addition to the Committee on the Budget, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. 
By Mr. WESTMORELAND: 
H.R. 2094. A bill to repeal titles I and II of 
the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act; to the Committee on Financial Services, and in addition to the Committees on Agriculture, the Judiciary, and Ways and Means, for a period to be sub-sequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. O’ROURKE (for himself, Mr. 
P
EARCE , Mr. S WALWELL of California, 
Mr. T AKANO , and Mr. M CGOVERN ): 
H.R. 2095. A bill to amend the Immigration 
and Nationality Act to promote family unity, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. REICHERT (for himself, Mr. 
K
IND, Mr. T IBERI , Mr. N EAL, Mr. 
PAULSEN , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. B OU-
STANY , and Mr. P ASCRELL ): 
H.R. 2096. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 and the Small Business Act to expand the availability of employee stock ownership plans in S corporations, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Commit-tees on Education and the Workforce, and Small Business, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. NEWHOUSE (for himself, Mr. 
L
AMALFA , Mr. M CCLINTOCK , Mr. 
GOSAR , and Mrs. L UMMIS ): 
H.R. 2097. A bill to facilitate and stream-
line the Bureau of Reclamation process for creating or expanding surface water storage under Reclamation law; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
By Mr. CRAWFORD (for himself, Mr. 
W
OMACK , Mr. W ESTERMAN , and Mr. 
HILL): 
H.R. 2098. A bill to amend the Endangered 
Species Act of 1973 to require the Secretary of the Interior to publish and make available for public comment a draft economic anal-ysis at the time a proposed rule to designate critical habitat is published; to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. 
By Mr. CARNEY: 
H.R. 2099. A bill to amend the Consumer 
Financial Protection Act of 2010 to require the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protec-tion to develop a model form for a disclosure notice that shall be used by depository insti-tutions and credit unions, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Financial Serv-ices. 
By Mr. CHABOT (for himself, Ms. 
M
CCOLLUM , Mr. S MITH of New Jersey, 
Mr. S HERMAN , Mr. R OYCE , and Mr. 
ENGEL ): 
H.R. 2100. A bill to authorize the Secretary 
of State and the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Develop-ment to provide assistance to support the rights of women and girls in developing countries, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. COOPER (for himself and Mrs. 
L
UMMIS ): 
H.R. 2101. A bill to amend the Federal 
Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to provide for expedited review of drugs and biological products to provide safer or more effective treatment for males or females, to amend the Public Health Service Act to enhance the consideration of sex differences in basic and clinical research, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mrs. DAVIS of California (for her-
self, Mr. K
ING of New York, Mr. 
RIBBLE , Mr. T AKAI, Mr. S MITH of New 
Jersey, and Mr. F ITZPATRICK ): 
H.R. 2102. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to reduce the incidence of diabetes among Medicare beneficiaries, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. DOGGETT (for himself, Ms. 
B
ROWNLEY of California, Mr. 
CICILLINE , Ms. D ELAURO , Mr. E LLI-
SON, Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. H UFFMAN , Ms. 
LEE, Mr. L IPINSKI , Mr. L OWENTHAL , 
Mr. M CDERMOTT , Mr. M CGOVERN , Ms. 
NORTON , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. 
RUSH, Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Ms. S LAUGH -
TER, Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , 
Mr. V ISCLOSKY , Mr. B RADY of Penn-
sylvania, Mr. P ASCRELL , and Ms. 
MOORE ): 
H.R. 2103. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to expand the denial of de-duction for certain excessive employee remu-neration, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. 
By Ms. ESHOO (for herself, Ms. M
AT-
SUI, Mr. P ETERS , Ms. L INDA T. 
SA´NCHEZ of California, and Ms. 
SPEIER ): 
H.R. 2104. A bill to prioritize funding for an 
expanded and sustained national investment in biomedical research; to the Committee on the Budget, and in addition to the Commit-tees on Energy and Commerce, Armed Serv-ices, and Veterans’ Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. GRIJALVA: 
H.R. 2105. A bill to provide grants to States 
to ensure that all students in the middle grades are taught an academically rigorous curriculum with effective supports so that students complete the middle grades pre-pared for success in secondary school and postsecondary endeavors, to improve State and district policies and programs relating to the academic achievement of students in the middle grades, to develop and implement effective middle grades models for struggling students, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mr. GUINTA (for himself and Mr. 
K
EATING ): 
H.R. 2106. A bill to provide exclusive fund-
ing to support fisheries and the communities that rely upon them, to clear unnecessary regulatory burdens and streamline Federal fisheries management, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 
By Mr. GUTHRIE (for himself and Mr. 
S
CHRADER ): 
H.R. 2107. A bill to amend title XIX of the 
Social Security Act to clarify the treatment of certain Medicaid enrollment brokers; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. HIMES: 
H.R. 2108. A bill to require reports sub-
mitted to Congress under the Foreign Intel-ligence Surveillance Act of 1978 to also be 
submitted to the Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Intelligence (Permanent Select), for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-
tion of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. HUIZENGA of Michigan (for 
himself, Mrs. L
UMMIS , Mr. N EUGE -
BAUER , Mr. C OLLINS of Georgia, and 
Mr. H ARDY ): 
H.R. 2109. A bill to amend the Endangered 
Species Act of 1973 to conform citizen suits under that Act with other existing law, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources, and in addition to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. ISSA (for himself, Mr. 
S
WALWELL of California, Mr. S HER-
MAN, Mr. F ARENTHOLD , Ms. E SHOO , 
and Mr. C OHEN ): 
H.R. 2110. A bill to prohibit the use of cer-
tain clauses in form contracts that restrict the ability of a consumer to communicate regarding the goods or services that were the subject of the contract; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas: 
H.R. 2111. A bill to eliminate certain pro-
grams of the Environmental Protection Agency, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce, and in ad-dition to the Committees on Transportation and Infrastructure, Agriculture, and Science, Space, and Technology, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. LANCE: 
H.R. 2112. A bill to direct the United States 
Postal Service to designate a single, unique ZIP Code for North Plainfield, New Jersey; to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. 
By Mr. LANGEVIN (for himself, Mr. 
L
OWENTHAL , Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. C APU-
ANO, Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. T ONKO , 
Mr. C ONNOLLY , and Mr. B EYER ): 
H.R. 2113. A bill to amend title 5, United 
States Code, to provide for a corporate re-sponsibility investment option under the Thrift Savings Plan; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
By Ms. LEE: 
H.R. 2114. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
State, the Secretary of Health and Human Services, and the Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs to provide assistance for individuals af-fected by exposure to Agent Orange, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs, and in addition to the Com-mittees on Energy and Commerce, and For-eign Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. 
By Mr. PAULSEN: 
H.R. 2115. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to expand and make perma-nent rules related to investment by non-resident aliens in domestic mutual funds and business development companies; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Ms. PLASKETT: 
H.R. 2116. A bill to amend the Immigration 
and Nationality Act to establish the Virgin Islands visa waiver program; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. 
By Ms. PLASKETT: 
H.R. 2117. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to repeal the limitation on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:13 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00151 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L29AP7.100 H29APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2654 April 29, 2015 
the amount of distilled spirits taxes covered 
over to the Virgin Islands and Puerto Rico; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Ms. PLASKETT: 
H.R. 2118. A bill to amend the Harmonized 
Tariff Schedule of the United States to ex-tend to 2027 the production certificate pro-gram that allows refunds of duties on certain articles produced in United States insular possessions; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. SHIMKUS: 
H.R. 2119. A bill to amend title XI of the 
Social Security Act to require that State ap-
plications for State plan waivers under the Medicaid program be approved only if such applications are budget neutral, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. SMITH of New Jersey: 
H.R. 2120. A bill to encourage States to ex-
pand the protections offered to victims of sex offenses who are not in a familiar or dating relationship with the perpetrators of such of-fenses; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. STIVERS (for himself, Ms. S
E-
WELL of Alabama, Mr. W ESTMORE -
LAND , Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. M ESSER , and 
Ms. S INEMA ): 
H.R. 2121. A bill to amend the S.A.F.E. 
Mortgage Licensing Act of 2008 to provide a temporary license for loan originators transitioning between employers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finan-cial Services. 
By Mr. ENGEL (for himself and Mr. 
S
MITH of New Jersey): 
H. Res. 227. A resolution condemning the 
murder of Boris Nemtsov, offering condo-lences to his family, friends, and colleagues, expressing solidarity with the people of Rus-sia, and calling for an international inves-tigation into this crime; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
By Mr. HONDA (for himself and Ms. 
N
ORTON ): 
H. Res. 228. A resolution expressing support 
for the designation of May 7, 2015, as a ‘‘Na-tional Day of Reason’’ and recognizing the importance of reason in the betterment of humanity; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
By Ms. FOXX: 
H. Res. 229. A resolution electing Members 
to certain standing committees of the House of Representatives; considered and agreed to. considered and agreed to. 
By Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ (for 
herself, Mrs. W
AGNER , Ms. M OORE , 
Mrs. L UMMIS , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Ms. 
BROWNLEY of California, Mr. V ARGAS , 
Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, and Mr. 
KINGof New York): 
H. Res. 230. A resolution encouraging 
State-by-State adoption of a sexual assault survivors’ bill of rights; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. FOSTER (for himself, Mr. R
AN-
GEL, Mr. M EEKS , Mrs. T ORRES , and 
Mr. T IBERI ): 
H. Res. 232. A resolution encouraging 
greater public-private sector collaboration to promote financial literacy for students and young adults; to the Committee on Fi-nancial Services. 
By Mr. KILDEE (for himself, Mr. 
H
UFFMAN , Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. L AB-
RADOR , Mr. E NGEL , and Ms. R OS- 
LEHTINEN ): 
H. Res. 233. A resolution expressing the 
sense of the House of Representatives that Iran should immediately release the three United States citizens that it holds, as well as provide all known information on any United States citizens that have disappeared within its borders; to the Committee on For-eign Affairs. 
By Mr. LATTA (for himself and Mr. 
W
ELCH ): H. Res. 234. A resolution expressing the 
sense of the House of Representatives that telephone service must be improved in rural areas of the United States and that no entity may unreasonably discriminate against tele-phone users in those areas; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. SALMON (for himself, Mr. 
S
HERMAN , Mr. C RENSHAW , Mr. P OLIS, 
Mr. E NGEL , Mr. M CGOVERN , Ms. R OS- 
LEHTINEN , Mr. L ARSEN of Wash-
ington, Mr. M ARINO , Mr. W EBER of 
Texas, Ms. D ELBENE, Ms. J ACKSON  
LEE, Mr. N EWHOUSE , Ms. G ABBARD , 
Mr. C OOK, Mr. M EEKS , Ms. M CCOLLUM , 
Mr. B ERA, Mr. D ESANTIS , Mr. C LAW-
SONof Florida, Mrs. C OMSTOCK , Mr. 
BLUM, Mr. G RAYSON , Mr. C ONNOLLY , 
Mr. S MITH of Washington, Ms. P IN-
GREE , Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. R USH, Mr. 
BILIRAKIS , Mr. C APUANO , Miss R ICEof 
New York, Mr. W ILLIAMS , Mr. G RI-
JALVA , Mr. L EVIN, Mr. J OHNSON of 
Georgia, Mr. P OCAN , Mr. C OSTA , Mr. 
CONYERS , Mr. I SRAEL , Ms. B ASS, Mr. 
RYANof Ohio, Ms. J UDYCHUof Cali-
fornia, Mr. S IRES, Mr. T ONKO , Mr. 
LANGEVIN , Mr. B OUSTANY , Mrs. K IRK-
PATRICK , Mrs. B LACK , Mr. B ISHOP of 
Georgia, Mr. F ATTAH , Mrs. B USTOS , 
Mr. J OLLY , Ms. M OORE , Mr. K ILMER , 
Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Mr. A BRAHAM , 
Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. P RICE of North 
Carolina, Mr. S ARBANES , Mr. P ETER -
SON, Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. S EANPAT-
RICK MALONEY of New York, Mr. 
CLEAVER , Mr. P ASCRELL , Ms. M ENG, 
Mr. Y OHO, Mr. K EATING , Mr. Y AR-
MUTH , Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Mr. 
PITTENGER , Mr. M CDERMOTT , Mr. 
RANGEL , Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. 
DESJARLAIS , Ms. H AHN, Ms. 
WASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. H ONDA , Ms. 
WILSON of Florida, Mr. B RADY of 
Pennsylvania, Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Mr. 
BRENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, 
Ms. B ONAMICI , Mr. B ARR, Ms. 
EDWARDS , Ms. L EE, Mr. W ILSON of 
South Carolina, Mr. L YNCH , Mr. R OS-
KAM, Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. 
BUTTERFIELD , Mr. P OEof Texas, Ms. 
FRANKEL of Florida, Mr. C OHEN , Mr. 
LEWIS, Mr. H IGGINS , Mr. C HABOT , Mrs. 
DAVIS of California, Mrs. C AROLYN B. 
MALONEY of New York, and Mr. 
GOSAR ): 
H. Res. 235. A resolution expressing deepest 
condolences to and solidarity with the people of Nepal following the devastating earth-quake on April 25, 2015; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
f 
PRIVATE BILLS AND 
RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 3 of rule XII, 
Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas introduced a 
bill (H.R. 2122) for the relief of Enrique Soriano and Areli Soriano; which was re-ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY 
STATEMENT 
Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of 
the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. SWALWELL of California: 
H.R. 2082. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1 and 18 of the 
United States Constitution. 
By Mrs. CAPPS: 
H.R. 2083. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United 
States Constitution. 
By Mr. MARCHANT: 
H.R. 2084. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1: The Congress 
shall have Power to lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uni-form throughout the United States. 
By Mr. DENHAM: 
H.R. 2085. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 of the Constitution of 
the United States. 
By Mr. DENHAM: 
H.R. 2086. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 of the Constitution of 
the United States. 
By Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia: 
H.R. 2087. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Sec. 8, Cl. 3 
By Mr. CONAWAY: 
H.R. 2088. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Pursuant to Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3, 
Congress has the authority to regulate for-eign and interstate commerce. 
By Ms. D
ELBENE: 
H.R. 2089. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution. 
By Mr. COURTNEY: 
H.R. 2090. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Clauses 3 and 18 of Section 8, Article I of 
the U.S. Constitution 
By Mr. POLIQUIN: 
H.R. 2091. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The constitutional authority on which this 
bill rests is the power of Congress ‘‘To regu-late Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the In-dian Tribes:’’ as enumerated in Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. 
By Mr. MESSER: 
H.R. 2092. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, section 8, clause 18, of the United 
States Constitution 
By Mr. CULBERSON: 
H.R. 2093. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I. Section 8 of the Constitution of 
the United States of America. 
By Mr. WESTMORELAND: 
H.R. 2094. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The Commerce Clause, Article I, Section 8, 
Clause 3 of the Constitution states that Con-gress shall have power to regulate the regu-late Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the In-dian Tribes. 
By Mr. O’ROURKE: 
H.R. 2095. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:13 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00152 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L29AP7.100 H29APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2655 April 29, 2015 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 The Congress shall have Power *** To 
make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the fore-going Powers, and all other Powers vested by the Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Offi-cer thereof. 
By Mr. REICHERT: 
H.R. 2096. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The constitutional authority of Congress 
to enact this legislation is provided by Arti-cle I, Section 8 of the United States Con-stitution, specifically Clause 1 (relating to providing for the general welfare of the United States) and Clause 18 (relating to the power to make all laws necessary and proper for carrying out the powers vested in Con-gress), and Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 (re-lating to the power of Congress to dispose of and make all needful rules and regulations respecting the territory or other property belonging to the United States). 
By Mr. NEWHOUSE: 
H.R. 2097. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United 
States Constitution 
By Mr. CRAWFORD: 
H.R. 2098. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
the enumerated powers listed in Article I, 
Section 8, Clause 3 of the U.S. Constitution. 
By Mr. CARNEY: 
H.R. 2099. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United 
States Constitution, the Taxing and Spend-ing Clause: ‘‘The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States . . .’’ 
By Mr. CHABOT: 
H.R. 2100. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3: To regulate 
commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes; 
Article 1, Section 9, Clause 7: No money 
shall be drawn from the treasury, but in con-sequence of appropriations made by law; and a regular statement and account of receipts and expenditures of all public money shall be published from time to time. 
By Mr. COOPER: 
H.R. 2101. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The Constitutional authority in which this 
bill rests is the power of the Congress to reg-ulate Commerce, as enumerated by Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Con-stitution. 
By Mrs. DAVIS of California: 
H.R. 2102. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1 Section 8 Clause 3 
By Mr. DOGGETT: 
H.R. 2103. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article I of the 
United States Constitution. 
By Ms. ESHOO: 
H.R. 2104. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: Pursuant to Article 1, Section 8. 
By Mr. GRIJALVA: 
H.R. 2105. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
U.S. Const. art. I, §§1 and 8. 
By Mr. GUINTA: 
H.R. 2106. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article: I Section: 8 Clause: 18, the Nec-
essary and Proper Clause 
The Congress shall have Power. . . . To 
make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the fore-going Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Offi-cer thereof. 
By Mr. GUTHRIE: 
H.R. 2107. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 
By Mr. HIMES: 
H.R. 2108. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution of 
the United States 
By Mr. HUIZENGA of Michigan: 
H.R. 2109. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, clause 18 of the United 
States Constitution: To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for car-rying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitu-tion in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
By Mr. ISSA: 
H.R. 2110. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 
By Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas: 
H.R. 2111. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the U.S. 
Constitution and Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 of the U.S. Constitution. 
By Mr. LANCE: 
H.R. 2112. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 7, of the United 
States Constitution 
This states that ‘‘Congress shall have the 
power to . . . establish Post offices and post Roads’’ 
By Mr. LANGEVIN: 
H.R. 2113. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 3 of Section 8 of Article I of the 
Constitution. 
By Ms. LEE: 
H.R. 2114. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1 of the Consititution 
By Mr. PAULSEN: 
H.R. 2115. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution. 
By Ms. PLASKETT: 
H.R. 2116. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 (General Wel-
fare Clause) 
Article 4, Section 3, Clause 2 (Territories 
Clause) 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 (Necessary 
and Proper Clause) By Ms. PLASKETT: 
H.R. 2117. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 (Interstate 
Commerce Clause) 
Article 4, Section 3, Clause 2 (Territories 
Clause) 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 (Necessary 
and Proper Clause) 
By Ms. PLASKETT: 
H.R. 2118. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 (General Wel-
fare Clause) 
Article 4, Section 3, Clause 2 (Territories 
Clause) 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 (Necessary 
and Proper Clause) 
By Mr. SHIMKUS: 
H.R. 2119. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: To regulate 
Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. 
By Mr. SMITH of New Jersey: 
H.R. 2120. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the Con-
stitution. 
By Mr. STIVERS: 
H.R. 2121. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 
By Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas: 
H.J. Res. 2122. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 4 of the U.S. 
Constitution 
f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS 
Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors 
were added to public bills as follows: 
H.R. 25: Mr. S MITH of Missouri. 
H.R. 169: Mr. B ARR. 
H.R. 187: Mr. S EAN PATRICK MALONEY of 
New York. 
H.R. 303: Mrs. M CMORRIS RODGERS , Mrs. 
COMSTOCK , and Mr. W ESTERMAN . 
H.R. 379: Mr. Y ARMUTH and Mr. G RAVES of 
Missouri. 
H.R. 427: Mr. J ORDAN . 
H.R. 430: Mrs. T ORRES . 
H.R. 448: Mr. C OHEN . 
H.R. 484: Mr. K ILMER and Mr. D ELANEY . 
H.R. 504: Mr. H UDSON , Mr. F LEISCHMANN , 
and Mr. B LUM. 
H.R. 511: Mr. D UFFY and Mr. B ISHOP of 
Michigan. 
H.R. 512: Mr. B OUSTANY and Ms. L INDA T. 
SA´NCHEZ of California. 
H.R. 588: Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio. 
H.R. 592: Mr. B ERA. 
H.R. 600: Mr. S EAN PATRICK MALONEY of 
New York. 
H.R. 602: Mr. P ERLMUTTER . 
H.R. 664: Mr. G RIJALVA and Mr. P OLIS. 
H.R. 692: Mr. Z INKE and Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa. 
H.R. 699: Ms. S INEMA . 
H.R. 704: Mrs. C OMSTOCK . 
H.R. 712: Mr. S TEWART . 
H.R. 721: Mr. K ILDEE , Mr. B ISHOP of Utah, 
and Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi. 
H.R. 727: Ms. L EE. 
H.R. 767: Mr. M CDERMOTT , Mr. H INOJOSA , 
and Mr. Y OHO. 
H.R. 775: Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana and Mr. 
BERA. 
H.R. 776: Mr. M ESSER . 
H.R. 793: Mr. R IBBLE and Mr. H UIZENGA of 
Michigan. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:13 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00153 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29AP7.105 H29APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2656 April 29, 2015 
H.R. 801: Mr. S EAN PATRICK MALONEY of 
New York. 
H.R. 822: Mr. M ULLIN . 
H.R. 825: Mr. M CCAUL, Mr. A BRAHAM , Mr. 
CURBELO of Florida, Mr. S MITH of Nebraska, 
and Mr. S WALWELL of California. 
H.R. 828: Mr. B ECERRA . 
H.R. 835: Mr. M CGOVERN . 
H.R. 845: Mr. G RAVES of Georgia. 
H.R. 864: Mr. M CDERMOTT . 
H.R. 879: Mr. B LUM. 
H.R. 891: Mr. P OEof Texas, Mr. B ARTON , 
Mr. O LSON , Mr. F LORES , Mr. B RADY of Texas, 
Mr. W EBER of Texas, Mr. N EUGEBAUER , Mr. 
CASTRO of Texas, Mr. B URGESS , Mr. D OGGETT , 
Mr. M CCAUL, Mr. T HORNBERRY , Mr. G OHMERT , 
and Mr. O’R OURKE . 
H.R. 907: Mr. C ICILLINE . 
H.R. 913: Mr. F ATTAH . 
H.R. 920: Mr. M CDERMOTT , Mr. V ANHOL-
LEN, Mr. C ICILLINE , Ms. S LAUGHTER , and Mr. 
HECKof Washington. 
H.R. 921: Mr. B OUSTANY . 
H.R. 928: Mr. R ATCLIFFE , Mr. M ACARTHUR , 
and Mr. F ITZPATRICK . 
H.R. 932: Mr. T EDLIEUof California. 
H.R. 985: Mr. K ILMER . 
H.R. 989: Mr. C HABOT and Mr. P OLIS. 
H.R. 1062: Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio. 
H.R. 1086: Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio. 
H.R. 1087: Mr. C URBELO of Florida. 
H.R. 1089: Mrs. L AWRENCE and Ms. M CCOL-
LUM. 
H.R. 1171: Ms. K USTER . 
H.R. 1188: Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. H UFFMAN , and 
Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia. 
H.R. 1194: Mr. T ONKO . 
H.R. 1233: Mr. P OSEY , Mr. W EBSTER of Flor-
ida, Mr. C URBELO of Florida, Mr. G RAVES of 
Georgia, Mr. C OLE, Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Mr. 
ADERHOLT , and Mr. T IBERI . 
H.R. 1247: Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia. 
H.R. 1266: Mr. B ABIN, Ms. G RANGER , and Mr. 
PITTS. 
H.R. 1272: Mr. R UIZ. 
H.R. 1275: Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. 
HUFFMAN , and Mr. Q UIGLEY . 
H.R. 1276: Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. 
HUFFMAN , and Mrs. N APOLITANO . 
H.R. 1278: Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. H UFFMAN , 
Mr. Q UIGLEY , and Mr. V EASEY . 
H.R. 1288: Mr. H UDSON and Ms. H ERRERA  
BEUTLER . 
H.R. 1300: Mr. L ONG. 
H.R. 1309: Ms. M ENG, Mr. K INGof New 
York, Mr. W EBSTER of Florida, Mr. P OLIQUIN , 
Mr. F LEISCHMANN , Mr. R OSS, Mr. W ESTMORE -
LAND , Mr. C ARTER of Georgia, and Mrs. 
BEATTY . 
H.R. 1321: Mr. K ILDEE . 
H.R. 1344: Mr. M CKINLEY . 
H.R. 1365: Mrs. W ALORSKI . 
H.R. 1384: Mr. S MITH of New Jersey. 
H.R. 1393: Mr. B LUMENAUER . 
H.R. 1399: Mr. R OSSand Mr. S WALWELL of 
California. 
H.R. 1411: Mr. C OHEN . 
H.R. 1413: Mr. B ARR. 
H.R. 1431: Mr. A LLEN . 
H.R. 1432: Mr. A LLEN . 
H.R. 1448: Mr. H UFFMAN . 
H.R. 1465: Mr. M CGOVERN . 
H.R. 1475: Ms. S INEMA and Mr. W EBER of 
Texas. 
H.R. 1478: Mr. P EARCE , Mr. G ROTHMAN , Mr. 
BLUM, and Mr. T IPTON . 
H.R. 1479: Mr. A LLEN and Mr. L UETKE -
MEYER . 
H.R. 1516: Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Mr. J OHNSON of 
Ohio, Mr. M ULLIN , Mrs. B USTOS , Mr. C OLE, 
and Mr. D EFAZIO. 
H.R. 1523: Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Mr. T IPTON , 
and Mr. T IBERI . 
H.R. 1528: Mrs. M IMIWALTERS of California. 
H.R. 1530: Ms. D UCKWORTH . 
H.R. 1550: Mr. B ARR. 
H.R. 1559: Mr. B ENISHEK , Mrs. W ATSON  
COLEMAN , Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, Mr. C ARSON  
of Indiana, and Mr. S WALWELL of California. H.R. 1572: Mr. M CKINLEY . 
H.R. 1574: Mr. R ANGEL and Mr. H ONDA . 
H.R. 1594: Mr. P OLIQUIN and Mrs. 
HARTZLER . 
H.R. 1605: Mr. L ABRADOR . 
H.R. 1607: Mr. M CDERMOTT , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. 
POLIS, and Ms. E STY. 
H.R. 1608: Mr. R IBBLE , Mr. D UFFY , Ms. M AT-
SUI, Mr. H ARPER , Mr. M CDERMOTT , Mr. R YAN 
of Ohio, Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. 
MCCAUL, Mr. D UNCAN of Tennessee, Mrs. 
KIRKPATRICK , and Mr. R USH. 
H.R. 1610: Mr. R OUZER . 
H.R. 1613: Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, Mr. 
ROKITA , Mr. Y OHO, Mr. I SSA, Mr. P ITTENGER , 
and Mr. B ENISHEK . 
H.R. 1624: Mr. W ESTMORELAND and Mr. 
MCKINLEY . 
H.R. 1655: Mr. V ALADAO . 
H.R. 1660: Mr. T IPTON . 
H.R. 1661: Mr. T IPTON . 
H.R. 1664: Mr. H ENSARLING . 
H.R. 1666: Mr. V EASEY . 
H.R. 1674: Mr. R YANof Ohio, Mr. Y ARMUTH , 
and Ms. S CHAKOWSKY . 
H.R. 1684: Mr. G IBSON . 
H.R. 1699: Mr. M ULVANEY and Mr. 
PITTENGER . 
H.R. 1706: Mr. T EDLIEUof California. 
H.R. 1713: Mrs. T ORRES . 
H.R. 1726: Mr. O LSON . 
H.R. 1739: Mr. A LLEN . 
H.R. 1741: Mr. F ORTENBERRY . 
H.R. 1743: Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , 
and Mr. G RIJALVA . 
H.R. 1752: Mr. F ORTENBERRY . 
H.R. 1759: Mr. B ARRand Mr. O LSON . 
H.R. 1763: Mr. H UFFMAN . 
H.R. 1769: Mr. R OSS, Mr. J OLLY , Mr. C OS-
TELLO of Pennsylvania, and Mr. C ONNOLLY . 
H.R. 1782: Ms. G RANGER . 
H.R. 1846: Mr. B UCSHON and Ms. K APTUR . 
H.R. 1861: Mr. S MITH of Nebraska and Mr. 
DOLD. 
H.R. 1882: Mr. K ILMER . 
H.R. 1887: Ms. E STY. 
H.R. 1926: Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. H UFFMAN , 
and Mr. G RIJALVA . 
H.R. 1956: Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. C UELLAR , 
Mr. V ELA, Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of 
Texas, Mr. G ENEGREEN of Texas, Mr. M EEKS , 
Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, and Ms. S E-
WELL of Alabama. 
H.R. 1957: Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. C UELLAR , 
Mr. V ELA, Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of 
Texas, Mr. G ENEGREEN of Texas, Mr. M EEKS , 
Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, and Ms. S E-
WELL of Alabama. 
H.R. 1958: Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. C UELLAR , 
Mr. V ELA, Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of 
Texas, Mr. G ENEGREEN of Texas, Mr. M EEKS , 
Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, and Ms. S E-
WELL of Alabama. 
H.R. 1959: Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. C UELLAR , 
Mr. V ELA, Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of 
Texas, Mr. G ENEGREEN of Texas, Mr. M EEKS , 
Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, and Ms. S E-
WELL of Alabama. 
H.R. 1977: Mr. N ORCROSS . 
H.R. 1982: Ms. G RANGER . 
H.R. 1985: Mrs. M CMORRIS RODGERS . 
H.R. 1986: Mr. B LUMand Mr. I SSA. 
H.R. 1993: Mr. B ENISHEK and Mr. 
MOOLENAAR . 
H.R. 1994: Mr. R OUZER , Mrs. R ADEWAGEN , 
and Ms. S INEMA . 
H.R. 1998: Ms. F RANKEL of Florida and Mr. 
SCOTT of Virginia. 
H.R. 2025: Mr. S WALWELL of California. 
H.R. 2032: Mr. T IPTON and Mrs. L UMMIS . 
H.R. 2033: Mr. E LLISON , Ms. M AXINE  
WATERS of California, Mr. C UELLAR , Ms. 
JACKSON LEE, Ms. L EE, Ms. E DDIE BERNICE  
JOHNSON of Texas, Ms. L OFGREN , Ms. M ENG, 
Mr. C LEAVER , and Mr. C LYBURN . 
H.R. 2044: Mr. B LUMand Mr. A LLEN . 
H.R. 2048: Mr. S MITH of New Jersey, Mr. 
SCHIFF , Mr. W ELCH , Mrs. C APPS , and Mr. 
MARINO . H.R. 2050: Ms. L OFGREN and Ms. L EE. 
H.R. 2058: Mr. R OUZER , Mr. G UTHRIE , and 
Mr. R OONEY of Florida. 
H.R. 2079: Mr. S COTT of Virginia. 
H.J. Res. 43: Mr. A LLEN , Mr. F RANKS of Ari-
zona, Mr. H ILL, and Mr. F LEISCHMANN . 
H. Con. Res. 18: Mr. V EASEY and Mr. 
SERRANO . 
H. Con. Res. 40: Mr. D OLD. 
H. Con. Res. 43: Mr. C ARSON of Indiana. 
H. Res. 26: Mr. B ABIN. 
H. Res. 28: Mr. C APUANO , Mr. C OHEN , and 
Mr. G ENEGREEN of Texas. 
H. Res. 130: Mr. L ATTA and Ms. R OS- 
LEHTINEN . 
H. Res. 159: Mr. C ROWLEY and Mrs. C AROLYN  
B. M ALONEY of New York. 
H. Res. 186: Mr. C OHEN . 
H. Res. 194: Mr. G IBSON . 
H. Res. 208: Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn-
sylvania, Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Mr. L EVIN, 
Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. P AYNE , Mr. R UPPERS -
BERGER , Mr. S WALWELL of California, and Mr. 
VARGAS . 
H. Res. 214: Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. S ABLAN , 
and Mr. V ARGAS . 
H. Res. 225: Mr. O’R OURKE and Mr. K ILMER . 
f 
CONGRESSIONAL EARMARKS, LIM-
ITED TAX BENEFITS, OR LIM-ITED TARIFF BENEFITS 
Under clause 9 of rule XXI, lists or 
statements on congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits were submitted as follows: 
f 
AMENDMENTS 
Under clause 8 of rule XVIII, pro-
posed amendments were submitted as follows: 
H.R. 2028 
OFFERED BY: MR. ENGEL  
AMENDMENT NO. 7: At the end of the bill 
(before the short title), insert the following: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used by the Department of Energy, the Department of the Interior, or any other Federal agency to lease or pur-chase new light duty vehicles for any execu-tive fleet, or for an agency’s fleet inventory, except in accordance with Presidential Memorandum—Federal Fleet Performance, dated May 24, 2011. 
H.R. 2028 
O
FFERED BY: MR. WEBER OF TEXAS  
AMENDMENT NO. 8: At the end of the bill, 
before the short title, insert the following new section: 
S
EC. 507. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used for the Cape Wind Energy Project on the Outer Continental Shelf off Massachusetts, Nantucket Sound. 
H.R. 2028 
O
FFERED BY: MS. BONAMICI  
AMENDMENT NO. 9: Page 21, line 5, after the 
dollar amount insert ‘‘(increased by $9,000,000)’’. 
Page 27, line 13, after the dollar amount in-
sert ‘‘(reduced by $9,000,000)’’. 
H.R. 2028 
O
FFERED BY: MR. GOSAR  
AMENDMENT NO. 10: At the end of the bill 
(before the short title), insert the following: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used for the Department of Energy’s Climate Model Development and Validation program. 
H.R. 2028 
O
FFERED BY: MR. BARTON  
AMENDMENT NO. 11: At the end of the bill 
(before the short title), insert the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:13 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00154 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29AP7.111 H29APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2657 April 29, 2015 
SEC. ll. The Secretary of the Army, act-
ing through the Chief of Engineers, shall ac-cept from the Trinity River Authority of Texas, if received by October 31, 2015, $30,191,026 as payment in full of amounts owed to the United States, including any ac-crued interest, for water supply storage space in Joe Pool Lake, Texas (previously known as Lakeview Lake), under contract number DACW63-76-C-0106. 
H.R. 2028 
O
FFERED BY: MRS. BLACKBURN  
AMENDMENT NO. 12: At the end of the bill 
(before the short title), insert the following: 
SEC. ll. Each amount made available by 
this Act is hereby reduced by 1 percent. 
H.R. 2028 
OFFERED BY: MRS. BLACKBURN  
AMENDMENT NO. 13: At the end of the bill, 
before the short title, add the following new section: 
S
EC. 507. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used to finalize, promul-gate, or enforce the Department of Energy’s proposed rule entitled ‘‘Energy Conservation Program for Consumer Products: Energy Conservation Standards for Residential Fur-naces’’ (80 Fed. Reg. 48: March 12, 2015). 
H.R. 2028 
O
FFERED BY: MR. KING OF IOWA 
AMENDMENT NO. 14: At the end of the bill 
(before the short title), insert the following: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used for attendance at, or participation in, the twenty-first session of the Conference of Parties (COP 21) to the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change in Paris, France, in 2015. 
H.R. 2028 
O
FFERED BY: MR. DENT 
AMENDMENT NO. 15: At the end of title III, 
insert the following: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used by the Department of Energy to finalize, implement, or enforce the proposed rule entitled ‘‘Standards Ceil-ing Fans and Ceiling Fan Light Kits’’ and identified by regulation identification num-ber 1904-AC87. 
H.R. 2028 
O
FFERED BY: MR. LUETKEMEYER  
AMENDMENT NO. 16: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used to continue the study conducted by the Army Corps of Engi-neers pursuant to section 5018(a)(1) of the Water Resources Development Act of 2007 (Public Law 110–114). 
H.R. 2028 
O
FFERED BY: MR. SWALWELL OF CALIFORNIA  
AMENDMENT NO. 17: 
Page 21, line 5, after the dollar amount, in-
sert ‘‘(increased by $25,500,000)’’. 
Page 22, line 20, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(reduced by $34,000,000)’’. 
H.R. 2028 
OFFERED BY: MS. CASTOR OF FLORIDA  
AMENDMENT NO. 18: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
SEC. ll. For an additional amount for 
‘‘Corps of Engineers-Civil—Expenses’’ for the Water Infrastructure Public-Private Part-nership Pilot Program, as authorized in sec-tion 5014 of the Water Resources Reform and Development Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–121; 33 U.S.C. 2201 note), there is hereby appro-priated, and the amount otherwise made available by this Act for ‘‘Corps of Engi-neers-Civil—Office of the Assistant Sec-retary of the Army for Civil Works’’ is here-
by reduced by, $2,375,000. 
H.R. 2028 
O
FFERED BY: MS. CASTOR OF FLORIDA  
AMENDMENT NO. 19: 
Page 21, line 5, after the dollar amount in-
sert ‘‘(increased by $266,161,000)’’. 
Page 22, line 20, after the dollar amount in-
sert ‘‘(reduced by $355,000,000)’’. 
H.R. 2028 
OFFERED BY: MR. FLEMING  
AMENDMENT NO. 20: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used to pay the salary of any officer or employee to carry out section 301 of the Hoover Power Plant Act of 1984 (42 U.S.C. 16421a; added by section 402 of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 (Public Law 111–5)). 
H.R. 2028 
O
FFERED BY: MR. PITTENGER  
AMENDMENT NO. 21: 
At the end of the bill, before the short 
title, insert the following new section: 
SEC. 507. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used to issue loans under title XVII of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16511 et seq.). 
H.R. 2028 
O
FFERED BY: MR. GRAYSON  
AMENDMENT NO22: At the end of the bill 
(before the short title), insert the following: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used to enter into a con-tract with any offeror or any of its principals if the offeror certifies, as required by Federal Acquisition Regulation, that the offeror or any of its principals: 
(A) within a three-year period preceding 
this offer has been convicted of or had a civil judgment rendered against it for: commis-sion of fraud or a criminal offense in connec-tion with obtaining, attempting to obtain, or performing a public (Federal, State, or local) contract or subcontract; violation of Federal or State antitrust statutes relating to the submission of offers; or commission of em-bezzlement, theft, forgery, bribery, falsifica-tion or destruction of records, making false statements, tax evasion, violating Federal criminal tax laws, or receiving stolen prop-erty; or 
(B) are presently indicted for, or otherwise 
criminally or civilly charged by a govern-mental entity with, commission of any of the offenses enumerated above in subsection (A); or 
(C) within a three-year period preceding 
this offer, has been notified of any delin-quent Federal taxes in an amount that ex-ceeds $3,000 for which the liability remains unsatisfied. 
H.R. 2029 
O
FFERED BY: MR. O’R OURKE  
AMENDMENT NO. 8: At the end of the bill 
(before the short title), insert the following: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act, including the funds made avail-able for ‘‘
CONSTRUCTION , MAJOR PROJECTS ’’, 
may be used to increase the funding for any Department of Veterans Affairs major med-ical facility project, as defined in paragraph (3)(A) of subsection (a) of section 8104 of title 38, United States Code, that is under con-struction as of the date of the enactment of this Act, above the amount specified in the prospectus for such project submitted under subsection (b) of such section and the de-tailed estimate of costs for such project sub-mitted under paragraph (1) of such sub-section. H.R. 2029 
O
FFERED BY: MR. ENGEL  
AMENDMENT NO. 9: At the end of the bill 
(before the short title), insert the following: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used by the Department of Defense, the Department of Veterans Af-fairs, or any other Federal agency to lease or purchase new light duty vehicles for any ex-ecutive fleet, or for an agency’s fleet inven-tory, except in accordance with Presidential Memorandum—Federal Fleet Performance, dated May 24, 2011. 
H.R. 2029 
O
FFERED BY: MR. GRAYSON  
AMENDMENT NO. 10: At the end of the bill 
(before the short title), insert the following: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used to enter into a con-tract with any offeror or any of its principals if the offeror certifies, as required by Federal Acquisition Regulation, that the offeror or any of its principals: 
(A) within a three-year period preceding 
this offer has been convicted of or had a civil judgment rendered against it for: commis-sion of fraud or a criminal offense in connec-tion with obtaining, attempting to obtain, or performing a public (Federal, State, or local) contract or subcontract; violation of Federal or State antitrust statutes relating to the submission of offers; or commission of em-bezzlement, theft, forgery, bribery, falsifica-tion or destruction of records, making false statements, tax evasion, violating Federal criminal tax laws, or receiving stolen prop-erty; or 
(B) are presently indicted for, or otherwise 
criminally or civilly charged by a govern-mental entity with, commission of any of the offenses enumerated above in subsection (A); or 
(C) within a three-year period preceding 
this offer, has been notified of any delin-quent Federal taxes in an amount that ex-ceeds $3,000 for which the liability remains unsatisfied. 
H.R. 2029 
O
FFERED BY: MR. BOUSTANY  
AMENDMENT NO. 11: At the end of the bill 
(before the short title), insert the following: 
SEC. ll. (1) None of the funds made avail-
able by this Act may be used to pay any bonus or monetary award under chapter 45 or 53 of title 5, United States Code, to an em-ployee of the Chief Business Office of the De-partment of Veterans Affairs who is respon-sible for processing emergency medical care claims until the percentage of emergency medical care claims processed within 30 days reaches 90 percent. 
(2) The Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall 
submit quarterly data to Congress on the fol-lowing: 
(A) The total number of emergency med-
ical claims and the total number of billed charges for such claims. 
(B) The total number of emergency med-
ical claims and billed charges for such claims pending for more than 30 days. 
(C) The number of veterans with unpaid 
claims under consideration in each Veterans Integrated Service Network. 
H.R. 2029 
O
FFERED BY: MR. BENISHEK  
AMENDMENT NO. 12: Page 58, after line 25, 
insert the following: 
SEC. 242. Not later than 90 days after the 
date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall submit to Congress a report that describes the status, including the timeline for completion, of each Commu-nity-Based Outpatient Clinic to be estab-lished by the Department of Veterans Af-fairs, through construction or lease, that is not yet completed. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:13 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00155 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29AP7.088 H29APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2658 April 29, 2015 
H.R. 2029 
OFFERED BY: MS. ADAMS  
AMENDMENT NO. 13: At the end of the bill 
(before the short title), insert the following: 
SEC. ll. (1) Subject to paragraphs (2) and 
(3), amounts made available under the ‘‘Gen-eral Operating Expenses, Veterans Benefits Administration’’ account for fiscal year 2016 may be used by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to provide discretionary competitive grants for State and local governments to es-tablish or expand technology systems that develop a coordinated network of private, public and nonprofit services and resources to better serve veterans and their family members. A State or local government awarded a grant under this section shall work with an entity that has experience working with comprehensive coordinated networks, protects privacy of veterans and 
their families, ensures the quality of pro-viders, and has a metrics system to effec-tively measure success of the network. 
(2) Amounts used as described in paragraph 
(1) may not result in a more than 10 percent aggregate decrease in the total amount made available by this Act for the ‘‘General Oper-ating Expenses, Veterans Benefits Adminis-tration’’ account. 
(3) Each grant made under paragraph (1) 
shall be subject to the approval of the Com-mittees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate. 
H.R. 2029 
O
FFERED BY: MR. POCAN  
AMENDMENT NO. 14: At the end of the bill 
(before the short title), insert the following: SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
in this Act may be used to withhold any re-port of an Inspector General from any mem-ber of Congress in any case where the mem-ber of Congress has requested that such re-port be provided. 
H.R. 2029 
O
FFERED BY: MR. POCAN  
AMENDMENT NO. 15: At the end of the bill 
(before the short title), insert the following new section: 
S
EC. 5ll. None of the funds made avail-
able in this Act may be used to enter into a contract with any person whose disclosures of a proceeding with a disposition listed in section 2313(c)(1) of title 41, United States Code, in the Federal Awardee Performance and Integrity Information System include the term ‘‘Fair Labor Standards Act’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:13 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00156 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29AP7.093 H29APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S2491 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 29, 2015 No. 63 
Senate 
The Senate met at 9:30 a.m. and was 
called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-
fered the following prayer: 
Let us pray. Eternal God, enthroned above all 
other powers, thank You for the mas-terpiece of another day. Lord, our hearts ache because of the pain in our world. We see the anger, the violence, the death, the tears, and the despair. Forgive us when we forget that You are still in control of our planet and that the hearts of humanity are in Your hands. Lord, help us to remember that Your power is far above any conceiv-able command, authority or control. As our lawmakers strive to contribute to peace in our time, bless those who support them in their work. Help us all to trust You without wavering. 
We pray in Your strong Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The President pro tempore led the 
Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY 
LEADER 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
PAUL). The majority leader is recog-
nized. 
f 
IRAN NUCLEAR AGREEMENT 
REVIEW ACT 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, yes-
terday, we were reminded yet again of Iran’s determination to use every ele-ment of national power to expand its sphere of influence and undermine international law. What we saw in the Strait of Hormuz 
simply underlines the danger posed by Iran, along with the pressing need for a clear-eyed understanding of the Iranian threat. 
It is appropriate, then, that the Sen-
ate will resume consideration of the bi-partisan Iran Nuclear Agreement Re-view Act later today. I encourage Mem-bers to come to the floor, offer amend-ments, and work with the floor man-agers to schedule votes. 
We have voted on one amendment to 
this bipartisan bill. I am sure we will take votes on several more significant amendments before the week is over. 
f 
WELCOMING THE PRIME MINISTER 
OF JAPAN 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, 
later this morning we will welcome an important friend of the United States to the Capitol, Shinzo Abe, Prime Min-ister of Japan. 
I am looking forward to hearing what 
he has to say. I know many of my col-leagues feel the same way because Prime Minister Abe doesn’t just lead one of the most important economies and countries in the Asia-Pacific re-gion, he leads one of the most impor-tant countries and economies in the entire world. Abe has proposed to tack-le some tough structural problems other leaders in his country might not touch, but he knows the Japanese peo-ple can be persuaded to reward their leaders for taking risks. 
Abe previously served in the Cabinet 
of a free-market Prime Minister who grabbed hold of economic third rails of Japanese politics and then rolled to a landslide victory when others counted him out. Perhaps that is why Abe feels liberated to pursue new initiatives of his own. 
On the domestic side, Abe has pro-
posed structural reforms. On the inter-national front, Abe has worked to en-hance the role and influence of demo-cratic nations, such as the two of us, in the Asia-Pacific. Just this week in 
Washington, he signed important agreements with the United States on both cyber security and defense. 
This all serves to underline the en-
during importance of the U.S.-Japan alliance. It also reminds us that the Obama administration must do its part, too, by investing in the platforms and capabilities needed to make its an-nounced pivot to Asia real. That is the only way to both bolster democratic nations such as Japan in the region, while also effectively countering Chi-na’s aggressive encroachment upon the 
territorial and navigational rights of its neighbors. 
Trade is another way to advance our 
common values and strengthen our na-tional security and our economy. For years, Japan and the United States had a difficult trading relationship. Today, though, the U.S. and Japanese nego-tiators actually appear close to reach-ing an agreement that could signifi-cantly lower existing barriers to trade, benefiting both of our economies. 
That breakthrough is being nego-
tiated as part of the Trans-Pacific Partnership, a trade agreement be-tween Pacific nations such as Japan, Australia, and the United States. That would help ensure the region and the world play by fair rules, instead of ceding the fields to an increasingly ag-gressive China. 
The Trans-Pacific Partnership could 
also, according to one estimate, sup-port up to nearly one-quarter of a mil-lion new jobs in the United States, in-cluding more than 50,000 jobs in the manufacturing sector alone. But Amer-ican and Kentucky workers and farm-ers will never be able to reap the re-wards of selling more ‘‘Made in Amer-ica’’ goods to the Pacific until Con-gress passes a bipartisan trade pro-motion bill. 
Passing that bipartisan legislation is 
key to enhancing Congress’s role in the trade process, while simultaneously en-suring Presidents of either party—be-cause this is a 6-year TPA, it will apply 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:08 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29AP6.000 S29APPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2492 April 29, 2015 
to the next President—have the tools 
they need to secure a strong and en-forceable trade agreement for Amer-ican workers. 
The bill recently passed the Finance 
Committee on an overwhelmingly bi-partisan vote, and I intend to take it up after we complete action on the Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act. 
But, for now, let me just say that 
Congress is pleased to have the Prime Minister join us today. We thank Prime Minister Abe and his country for their enduring friendship. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY 
LEADER 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
Democratic leader is recognized. 
f 
IRAN NUCLEAR AGREEMENT 
REVIEW ACT 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, I am grate-
ful for the work done yesterday and during the entire process of working toward an agreement on the important Iran legislation. 
Senators C
ORKER and C ARDIN have 
done a magnificent job. They are both good managers. I would suggest every-one who is concerned about amend-ments should come and talk to the two managers before they lay down their amendments. 
There is a process for moving amend-
ments forward. It has been very well articulated by both Senator C
ARDIN  
and Senator C ORKER , so we know what 
rules we can move under today. 
We know there are difficult issues 
with this bill—and those are some of the things we do here, work on difficult issues—not always but some of the time. 
f 
WASHINGTON NATIONALS 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, Senator 
MCCONNELL and I love our jobs. We re-
alize how important things are that we work on, but once in a while we take a minute and talk about one of our hob-bies and that is watching baseball. 
Because we are in Washington and 
have been for some time, we have been focused recently on the Nationals. They started off in a very bad fashion, losing, now—last night, they were in the process of a six-game losing streak. They brought in a pitcher because their star was injured. He gave up nine runs in two innings. So I think we were both fairly well going to acknowledge they were going to lose their seventh straight, but they won the game 13 to 12. 
I admire the tenacity of the Repub-
lican leader because he watched the end of the game. I couldn’t do that. I tried, but at the beginning of the ninth inning—they had given up more runs earlier—they were behind with one out, and I said: I am going to go to bed. I was surprised when I got up this morn-ing and they had won. So we had a good laugh talking about the game today 
that they had won. As I indicated, I am sorry I didn’t get to watch the last of the game. I decided I didn’t have enough faith in the team, and I went to bed. 
f 
THE BUDGET 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, budgets 
should be about reality, not ideology. The reality of the budget today is that our middle class is being pushed to the edge of extinction, and that is the truth, while there is an ever-widening gap between the rich and the poor. As I have said—I will continue to say—the rich are getting richer and the poor are getting much poorer. But perhaps the most brutal reality is that Congress is not doing its job, and the real brutal reality is that congressional Repub-licans don’t even seem to care. 
In the very near future, the Senate is 
expected to consider a conference re-port on the Republican budget resolu-tion. It is a budget that is as irrespon-sible as it is immoral. 
It is a budget based on the failed ide-
ology of a political party out of touch with America’s middle class, a political party that is out of touch with reality. It amounts to an all-out attack on working families, an attack designed to protect only the interests of million-aires, billionaires, and many special in-terests. 
The Republican budget would deprive 
more than 16 million Americans of their health insurance. It allows big in-surance companies to, once again, dis-criminate against women. It would cause people who have disabilities to be unable to get insurance—as it used to be before ObamaCare came into being. It threatens the coverage of hard-working Americans who lose their jobs or suffer from, as I have indicated, preexisting medical conditions. 
The budget that is proposed by my 
Republican friends would also make deep cuts to Medicare at the expense of our Nation’s seniors. It would raise taxes on working Americans by allow-ing the expansion of the earned-income tax credit and allows the child tax credit to simply expire, go out of exist-ence. 
It would end key supports that help 
young Americans afford college. At a time when student debt is higher than credit card debt—we have tried to re-solve it on the Senate floor, but the Republicans vote unanimously no. They are not going to cut parents— these young men and women who have debt—any slack. 
The budget they propose would un-
dermine job training—and certainly at a time when we need it with the chang-ing technology that creates jobs—for Americans who are simply trying to better themselves and get a good job or a better job. 
Meanwhile, Republicans refuse to 
close a single tax loophole to reduce the deficit—not one. They will not end tax breaks for companies that send jobs overseas. They will not close loop-
holes for wealthy hedge fund managers. They will not do away with wasteful tax breaks for the oil and gas industry. 
Once again, Republicans are attack-
ing the middle class, and they are at-tacking it forcefully, while protecting the superwealthy. 
The budget is just wrong. It is also 
dishonest. 
It claims to be balanced. There is no 
balance in this budget. That is a word. The budget is no more balanced than the earthquakes they have had in Nepal. It claims to reach balance, but the claim is laughable, based on gim-micks and massive cuts that are left unspecified. 
When you have editorials from maga-
zines such as Forbes, a conservative magazine, denigrating the Republican budget, you know it is wrong. One of the worst aspects of this budget is it uses sequestration to undermine Amer-ica’s middle class, to underfund the in-vestments needed for our security and our future. 
Let’s talk about sequestration for a 
minute, these automatic cuts. The ex-ample is the National Institutes of Health. It becomes very personal when you see these issues that face Ameri-cans—diabetes, the flu. The Presiding Officer is a physician who specializes in eyes. But the flu kills tens of thou-sands of people in America every year, and the NIH was on the verge of a uni-versal vaccine for flu, any type of flu. As we know, what they do now, they try to find out what the flu is going to be, the variety of flu in a given year, and then they try to mix and match. 
Last year, that was effective at less than 50 percent. So if you got the flu shot—60 percent of people who got the flu shot got the flu anyway. But be-cause of sequestration, they had to drop that. They have never gotten that money back—$1.6 billion. 
I mentioned eyes. I have become very 
concerned about eyes in the last couple of months, and there are all kinds of programs at the NIH that could be funded much better dealing with prob-lems such as I have. 
So it is simply wrong that they are 
going to go forward with this seques-tration. It is wrong. 
Sequestration was never intended to 
be implemented. It was designed with cuts so deep and so stupid that Con-gress would never let them happen. But my Republican colleagues let them happen. Republicans recognize that se-questration poses a threat to our na-tional security, and their budget uses a 
gimmick. 
I am not calling it a gimmick—or at 
least I am not alone. We have Repub-licans—the junior Senator from Ten-nessee is talking about how he won’t support the budget because he thinks there are some gimmicks in it, and many editorials have been written using that term over and over again. Their budget is not balanced, and it uses gimmicks to pretend. 
They do everything in this budget to 
protect the Pentagon, but it doesn’t 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:08 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29AP6.001 S29APPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2493 April 29, 2015 
really because it is phony. They use 
the overseas contingency fund, which everybody knows is phony. They want to help the military. I want to help the military also. But, sadly, the Repub-lican budget does absolutely nothing to provide similar protections for the middle class. 
There is, however, some good news 
about the Republican budget, and it is this: The Republican budget isn’t worth the paper it is written on. It is going to go nowhere. There is no chance of the budget actually being implemented. President Obama and the congressional Democrats are com-mitted to the middle class, so we are not going to let it happen. 
The administration has made it very 
clear that President Obama is not will-ing to lock in sequestration in any ap-
propriations bill or in anything else. In a Statement of Administration Pol-icy—the forerunner of a veto—the Obama administration said: ‘‘The President’s senior advisors would rec-ommend that he veto . . . any legisla-tion that implements the current Re-publican budget framework.’’ Nor will the President accept fixes to defense without also fixing nondefense budget items. For President Obama, it is sim-ply a matter of principle, and congres-sional Democrats fully agree with his principle. So the Republican budget isn’t going anywhere. 
If Republicans insist on moving ap-
propriations bills based on that budget, it is a waste of their time. It will not happen. We will not let that happen. What we need is a budget that is based in reality, a budget that is fair to the middle class, fair to the American peo-ple, a budget that will only happen when Republicans abandon their ex-treme attacks on the poor and middle class and sit down and talk to us about the way forward. 
I note that no one is seeking the 
floor, and I would ask that the Chair announce the business of the day. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will be in a period of morning business until 10:30 a.m., with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each, with the time equally divided in the usual form. 
Mr. REID. I suggest the absence of a 
quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. REID. Madam President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. 
C
APITO ). Without objection, it is so or-
dered. Mr. REID. Madam President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the time be charged equally between the majority and the minority. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. REID. Madam President, I sug-
gest the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. FLAKE. Madam President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
IRAN NUCLEAR AGREEMENT 
REVIEW ACT 
Mr. FLAKE. Madam President, I 
come to the floor today to talk about S. 615, the Iran Nuclear Agreement Re-view Act. This bill establishes a proc-ess to guarantee congressional review of any agreement reached between the P5+1 and Iran. 
Like everybody else here, my goal is 
to ensure that Iran does not acquire nuclear weapons. With that goal in mind, I have avoided supporting meas-ures over the past 18 months that would impact the administration’s on-going negotiations. I believe it is in-
cumbent upon us to explore every ave-nue of diplomacy to stop Iran from get-ting a nuclear weapon. 
There have been suggestions that 
this legislation we are considering today will negatively impact the nego-tiations for a final agreement. To the contrary, I think this legislation will improve the chances of reaching a final accord. Most importantly, it will im-prove the chances that this accord will stand the test of time. 
If approved, the President will have 
to negotiate knowing that Congress will ultimately review this agreement. That is only proper given that the terms of the agreement go far beyond— far beyond—the current administra-tion. 
In truth, Congress has always had a 
role here. It was the U.S. Congress that passed the sanctions that brought Iran to the negotiating table. It is only the U.S. Congress that can permanently lift the sanctions. Unfortunately, the administration would prefer to go it alone when it comes to the implemen-tation of this agreement by using the waiver authority that was granted when these sanctions were passed. 
There is no dispute that the Presi-
dent can lift these sanctions on a tem-porary basis. But since this agreement is slated to last well beyond the Presi-dent’s term and even the next Presi-dent’s term, any effective, enduring agreement has to have congressional buy-in. Let me repeat. If this legisla-tion fails, the President will be able to sign a final agreement and have a nice signing ceremony, but an effective, en-during agreement to prevent Iran from obtaining a nuclear weapon will re-quire congressional buy-in. We also need to recognize that we are 
not operating in a vacuum. Once an agreement that includes our allies is reached, the multilateral sanctions re-gime that has been so effective in bringing Iran to the negotiating table will be defunct. These sanctions have been effective because it has been Iran versus the West rather than Iran versus the United States. It is unreasonable to assume that such a united front can be reassembled before Iran obtains a nu-clear weapon. 
That is why the bill before us today 
is so important. It sets up a process for review by Congress of any agreement, preventing the administration from presenting Congress with a fait accompli. This legislation will not re-peal any sanctions currently in place against Iran. Congress will still have to take action to lift these sanctions per-manently. Its passage ensures that if Congress does repeal the sanctions, it does so because it chooses to, not be-cause it has no other choice. 
I would also like to take a moment 
to reflect on the process that brought this bill out of committee. Tough issues were thoughtfully worked out and compromises were made to get this bill language to a place where the bill was voted unanimously out of com-mittee with a recorded vote. Thanks to firm commitments made by the chair-man and the ranking member to keep this bill bipartisan, the White House— which for weeks had threatened to veto the bill—reversed its position just hours before the markup. This about- face was likely due to the fact that there were so many Senators on a bi-partisan basis lining up to support this bill. 
This legislation signals to the admin-
istration that it needs to keep Con-gress in mind when it negotiates. And, without poison pill amendments being added, the President will be forced to sign it. 
Most importantly, I am hopeful that 
the passage of this bill out of com-mittee signifies a return to a time the Foreign Relations Committee is able to work across the aisle on foreign policy matters. I realize it cannot always hap-pen, but the ideal is when partisan pol-itics can—as Senator Vandenberg put it—stop at the water’s edge. 
The reality is that given the myriad 
of foreign policy challenges that con-front us around the globe, we do not have the luxury of partisanship, and nowhere is this more evident than with the legislation we are considering today. I hope we can come together and pass it. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. ROUNDS. Madam President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:59 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29AP6.003 S29APPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2494 April 29, 2015 
JOINT MEETING OF THE TWO 
HOUSES—ADDRESS BY THE PRIME MINISTER OF JAPAN 
RECESS SUBJECT TO THE CALL OF THE CHAIR  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate stands in recess subject to the call of the Chair. 
Thereupon, the Senate, at 10:33 a.m., 
took a recess subject to the call of the Chair, and the Senate, preceded by the Secretary of the Senate, Julie E. Adams; the Deputy Sergeant at Arms, James Morhard; and the Vice President of the United States, J
OSEPH R. B IDEN, 
Jr., proceeded to the Hall of the House of Representatives to hear an address delivered by His Excellency Shinzo Abe, Prime Minister of Japan. 
(The address delivered by the Prime 
Minister of Japan to the joint meeting of the two Houses of Congress is print-ed in the Proceedings of the House of Representatives in today’s R
ECORD .) 
At 12:16 p.m., the Senate, having re-
turned to its Chamber, reassembled and was called to order by the Pre-siding Officer (Mr. S
ASSE). 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING 
BUSINESS 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Morning 
business is closed. 
f 
PROTECTING VOLUNTEER FIRE-
FIGHTERS AND EMERGENCY RE-SPONDERS ACT 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will re-sume consideration of H.R. 1191, which the clerk will report. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 1191) to amend the Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 to ensure that emer-gency services volunteers are not taken into account as employees under the shared re-sponsibility requirements contained in the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. 
Pending: 
Corker/Cardin amendment No. 1140, in the 
nature of a substitute. 
Corker/Cardin amendment No. 1179 (to 
amendment No. 1140), to require submission of all Persian text included in the agree-ment. 
Blunt amendment No. 1155 (to amendment 
No. 1140), to extend the requirement for an-nual Department of Defense reports on the military power of Iran. 
Mr. COATS. Mr. President, I suggest 
the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
OBAMACARE  
Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I 
come to the floor today because I no-ticed that the minority leader, the Senator from Nevada, had some nice things to say about me on Monday in 
his remarks. He said that I was ‘‘re-lentless’’ in my ‘‘condemnation of ObamaCare.’’ Those are his words. I ap-preciate the minority leader’s kind re-marks, because he is right. As a doctor, I am relentless in my condemnation of the President’s health care law, a law that has done incredible harm to so many people all across this country. 
Minority Leader R
EIDalso said that 
he had the facts about the law. Most of those facts seemed to come from a New York Times opinion column by the re-nowned liberal icon Paul Krugman. 
So let me share some real facts with 
the minority leader. The insurance plans offered in the health care ex-changes are so expensive that they are a horrible deal for most Americans. That is why the President had to give out subsidies—to help hide the costs. The Congressional Budget Office said that Washington will spend $850 billion on those subsidies over the next dec-ade. That is a fact. 
According to a new study by the 
health research company Avalere, ObamaCare plans are extremely un-popular among people who don’t get the huge subsidies to buy the plan. Only 2 percent of the people who don’t qualify for subsidies have actually bought insurance through the ex-changes. That is a fact. It is an alarm-ing sign of how high the cost of ObamaCare really is. 
It is not just the premiums that are 
sky high. This year, the average de-ductible for ObamaCare’s silver plan is almost $3,000 for a single person and more than $6,000 for a family. Now, that is according to something called HealthPocket, which is a Web site that helps people actually compare insur-ance plans. That is a fact, and $6,000 is a lot of money for a hard-working fam-ily to pay for their deductible. 
Now, the minority leader said that 
Paul Krugman’s opinions should be treated like facts—not as facts but like facts—because as Senator R
EIDsaid, 
‘‘this isn’t some high school teacher talking about the merits of ObamaCare.’’ Well, I agree on that point. High school teachers are far more likely to have had actual experi-ence with the damage that is done by the ObamaCare health care law than has this New York Times columnist. 
That is what we learned from a re-
port at KMOX TV in St. Louis on April 23. Their report talked about the Park-way School District in Missouri. It was Senator R
EIDwho said this isn’t some 
high school teacher. Well, this report from St. Louis said ObamaCare is forc-ing the school district to outsource the employment of substitute teachers. Why would they want to do that? It is in the face of a $4 million penalty for not offering health insurance to the part-time teachers. That is a fact. And those substitute teachers are real peo-ple who are being hurt by President Obama’s health care law. 
Here is another fact reported by Po-
litico on Monday afternoon. This was their headline on April 27: ‘‘Study: 
ACA exchange enrollees take tax hit.’’ 
According to a new study by the tax 
preparers at H&R Block, almost two- thirds of people enrolled in ObamaCare exchanges had to pay back some of their subsidy with their taxes this month. The average amount people owed the IRS was $729. That is a fact. It is a big hit to a lot of families who thought they were going to get help to pay for their ObamaCare premiums. It does not even count the people who de-cided that the insurance was just too expensive and decided not to buy it. According to H&R Block, those people paid the IRS an average tax penalty of $178. That is a fact. It is only going to be higher next year when people sit down and fill out their taxes. 
I remember another speech Senator 
R
EIDgave on the floor on ObamaCare. 
On February 26, 2014, he said: ‘‘Despite all that good news, there’s plenty of horror stories being told.’’ ‘‘All of them are untrue.’’ 
That was Senator R
EIDa year ago. 
Republicans had been citing—this is 
Senator R EID—examples of people 
being harmed by ObamaCare, and Sen-ator R
EIDsaid that all of them were 
‘‘stories made up from whole cloth.’’ 
Well, here is a horror story from the 
minority leader’s home State news-paper—Nevada—very recently. This was an article from earlier this month, the Las Vegas Review-Journal, April 7. The headline was ‘‘Past state ObamaCare sign-up glitches now haunt Nevadans at tax time.’’ 
Here is what the article says: 
How did a Reno collections agent end up in 
collections himself? 
The answer: 
He bought coverage in 2014 through the 
state’s health insurance exchange. 
According to the article: 
Rick Furst is still ironing out wrinkles in 
a plan purchased in May through the Nevada Health Link and its contractor, Xerox. His cascade of issues has included bad coverage 
dates, unpaid medical bills and an incorrect tax-credit form. 
This man told the Las Vegas news-
paper, ‘‘My credit was excellent, and now my credit is shot.’’ His credit was excellent, and now his credit is shot. Does Senator R
EIDthink this man from 
his home State of Nevada made up his story out of whole cloth? 
People are having their lives turned 
upside down by the disgraceful failure of these ObamaCare exchanges. That is a fact. It is a cruel and costly side ef-fect of this terrible health care law. Paul Krugman of the New York Times did not talk about that fact in his opin-ion column in the New York Times the other day. 
Another thing he and the minority 
leader are not talking about is the fact that many Americans now have less ac-cess to actual care because of the health care law. Well, they should have known about that fact; it was reported right there in the New York Times itself on Sunday, February 8, 2015, with the headline ‘‘Insured, but not cov-ered.’’ ‘‘New policies have . . . many 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:08 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29AP6.005 S29APPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2495 April 29, 2015 
Americans scrambling.’’ The article 
talks about the narrow networks many insurance plans had to create. This was to try to meet the requirements of ObamaCare without the premiums going even higher. 
The story starts off by talking about 
one woman in New York City. Her name is Karen Pineman. First, she lost her existing health insurance policy be-cause it did not meet all of the man-dates President Obama said a health insurance policy had to include. 
The President calls those benefits 
‘‘essential benefits.’’ I call them exces-sive benefits. It is much more insur-ance than many people need, want, or can afford. 
The article in the New York Times 
says that she accepted that she would have to pay a higher premium for a plan with a narrower network of pro-viders and no out-of-network coverage. According to the article, she also ac-cepted the fact that she would have to pay out of her own pocket to see her primary care physician because her doctor was not part of the narrow net-work that was now covered under her insurance. Well, she even accepted hav-ing copays of nearly $1,800 to put a cast on her ankle after she broke it playing tennis. Finally, the article says, her frustration bubbled over when she tried to arrange a followup visit with her or-thopedic surgeon. The nearest doctor available in her network who treated ankle problems was in Stamford, CT. Remember, she lives in New York City. 
This woman finally had enough. She 
told the newspaper: It is ridiculous. Didn’t they notice that I was in an-other State? 
Well, that woman, as reported in the 
New York Times, did not make up her story out of whole cloth. Those kinds of narrow networks are a fact under President Obama’s law. 
It is a fact that there are people who 
now have coverage and can’t have ac-cess to care. There is a difference be-tween coverage and care. You do not have to take my world for it; it is right there in the New York Times. 
So the minority leader is correct. Re-
publicans have been relentless in con-demning the horrifying costs of the President’s health care law. Repub-licans have been relentless in con-demning the intolerable damage the health care law has done to people’s ac-cess to health care. 
Republicans will continue to be re-
lentless because this health care law has been bad for patients, it has been bad for providers, and it has been ter-rible for American taxpayers. Repub-licans will continue to come to the floor to offer the facts about how the health care law has harmed American families. We will continue to offer solu-tions that deliver the real reform peo-ple have been asking for all along—the care they need from a doctor they choose at lower cost. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
P
ERDUE ). The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, if the 
Senator from Iowa is intending to speak, this Senator will only use about 5 minutes. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, I wish 
to embrace this package that the Sen-ate Foreign Relations Committee has brought forth to the floor. 
First, it is much needed bipartisan-
ship which has been shown on the com-mittee. That is a very good thing, given the fact that we have had so many contentious and divisive issues. 
But, secondly, what it does is set up 
a process by which the Congress would express its approval or disapproval with regard to a future agreement that may be made between Iran and the United States to prevent Iran from building a nuclear weapon. 
First is the process by which we 
would express that vote, and then if the agreement is concluded by the end of June, the actual vote on whether sanctions under the agreement should be lifted. So it is a two-step process, and it is often confused. That is why it is important to keep this committee bill clean. 
As I have already expressed to the 
chairman of the Foreign Relations Committee on the floor of the Senate 2 or 3 days ago, it is this Senator’s inten-tion that all of the amendments, which generally have a deleterious effect and that are generally considered poison pill amendments—this Senator will op-pose them. It is my understanding that leadership of the Foreign Relations Committee will likewise oppose those amendments. 
Then, I might say, assuming this leg-
islation is passed and we have this process in place and the President has said he will sign it into law—if the framework, as announced a few weeks ago by the President, is fleshed out in the final details of the agreement, and those details, by the end of June, re-flect the framework of the agreement that has been announced, it is this Sen-ator’s intention to support the agree-ment. 
I do that, very simply, on what is in 
the best interests of the United States. If, in fact, this agreement, once com-pleted—if the framework is fleshed out—prevents Iran from developing a nuclear weapon for at least a 10-year period—and there are other 15-, 20-, and 25-year period benchmarks in the framework—but if they are prevented from developing a nuclear weapon within 10 years, and we know there is a regime in place in order to detect that so we have the verification, and that because of the verification we have at least a year’s advance notice so that appropriate action could be taken—if all of that is included within the agree-
ment, it is this Senator’s intention that I will support the agreement. 
Why? Because if we keep Iran from 
having a nuclear weapon for 10 years at least, the world is going to be a very different place in 10 years. And what we will have done as a country is pre-vented Iran from going ahead and de-veloping a nuclear weapon now, of which we would have to face those con-sequences with possible military ac-tion. 
I do not shy away from supporting 
military action if that is necessary to prevent a nuclear weapon from being developed. But if we have a path to achieving the same thing, doing it dip-lomatically and having the guarantee of at least 10 years—if not 15 and 20— then, to this Senator, that seems to be in the interests of the United States. 
I want to clearly state where this 
Senator is coming from. I happen to think that is in Israel’s interests as well. The interests of the United States and Israel are inextricably entwined when it comes to the defense of that little democracy that is a beacon of de-mocracy in that part of the world. I have some familiarity with the inte-gration and the sharing of our military forces, as well as our intelligence appa-ratus. 
It is clearly in the interests of the 
United States that we see that Israel’s security is protected. From what I see of the framework of this agreement, if fleshed out, then I think that is in the interests of our country. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Iowa. 
Mrs. ERNST. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent to speak for up to 10 minutes. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mrs. ERNST. Mr. President, I rise to 
stress the importance of ensuring nu-clear negotiations with Iran to pre-serve our national interests and our se-curity, one that protects the security of our allies and partners in the region and maintains peace and stability in the world. 
As a member of the Iowa Army Na-
tional Guard and serving on the Armed Services Committee in the Senate, I am focused on strengthening our na-tional security, developing strategies to confront terrorism, and discussing ways to support our exceptional mili-tary. 
While I believe Iran’s long-term goal 
is developing nuclear weapons, its most effective line of effort against us and our allies has been through its unwav-ering support of terrorism. The Obama administration should only accept a final deal which prohibits sanctions re-lief until Iran abandons its support of terrorism. 
Providing Iran with sanctions relief 
would only enhance their opportunity to fund proxy groups which threaten our Israeli allies and whose activities have led to horrible consequences for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:08 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29AP6.011 S29APPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2496 April 29, 2015 
millions of people in Syria, Iraq, and 
Yemen. 
While the Obama administration has 
been seemingly eager to relieve sanc-tions in an effort to convince Iran to sign a nuclear deal, Congress cannot stand by and watch as a deal is nego-tiated that paves the way for Iran to obtain nuclear weapons. We must take a step back and examine their actions, and it is absolutely crucial we under-stand who is on the other side of the negotiating table. 
Iran continues to be the world’s lead 
sponsor of terrorism and a supporter of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, who is responsible for killing hundreds and thousands of his own people, creating the gravest humanitarian crisis in modern history, and who facilitates the continued rise of extremism and sec-tarianism across the region. 
Iran has shown unwavering support 
of terrorism and has aligned itself with groups that are hostile to the United States, our allies, and partners in the region. In fact, Iran continues to fund groups that threaten our Israeli allies, who are very concerned about Iran amassing nuclear capabilities and the direct threat they pose to the region. After this longstanding pattern of be-havior, I do not believe we can trust that Iran will curb its ambitions or support for terrorist activity on their own. 
Despite any agreement Iranian Presi-
dent Hassan Rouhani may agree to, I believe Iran’s Supreme Leader Aya-tollah Ali Khamenei will ultimately maintain his policy of attempting to obtain a nuclear weapon and may use any funds obtained through pre-maturely providing sanctions relief to-wards that end, as well as to support terrorists. 
Iran’s more than a quarter century 
long effort to obtain a nuclear weapon will not subside overnight. It is a faulty assumption to trust that Tehran is on the side of the rule of law. Iran has a very troublesome track record of deception when it comes to compliance and trustworthiness, which is why we need a deal that ensures America’s and the world’s ability to verify and en-force any agreement with Iran. This in-cludes complete and open access at any time to all of Iran’s facilities, to hold them true to their word and to verify their actions. We must also have the proper enforcement mechanism in place so that any broken promise gar-ners an appropriate and immediate re-sponse. 
This accountability can be enforced 
through renewed and strengthened con-gressional sanctions. Sanctions have been effective in the past, and we must keep this option on the table. In fact, these sanctions are what brought Iran to the negotiating table in the first place. So we must not be too quick to suspend them. 
The ever-increasing and complex 
threats we face in the Middle East un-derscore how crucial it is that any longstanding agreement with Iran must go through Congress. This en-
ables the American people to have a voice. Congressional review is sup-ported by a bipartisan majority of my colleagues and a majority of Ameri-cans. It is common sense. We must have more oversight of this process and the opportunity for thoughtful consid-eration to ensure we have been very clear about our demands and the framework of any final agreement. 
There is no doubt the administration 
shares my concern and the concern of many of my colleagues regarding the hundreds of thousands of Syrians who have been murdered with barrel bombs, sarin gas, the indiscriminate shelling of cities, been in prisons or the mil-lions more who have been forced to flee their homes. 
We must stop Iran from supporting 
this criminal regime which has helped engulf the region. Sanctions relief without ensuring funds would not go to Assad or to terrorist groups such as Hezbollah, which are key to the sur-vival of the regime, would do nothing to help achieve a favorable political or military solution in Syria. 
With that in mind, I cosponsored the 
Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act, which has bipartisan support and is be-fore the Senate today. This legislation embraces fundamental and core prin-ciples that lay the foundation for a good deal with Iran. This deal ensures congressional review of a final agree-ment. It demands that no congres-sional sanctions be lifted during the re-view period, and it safeguards congres-sional oversight of Iranian compliance. 
This bill is a good starting point, and 
I want to praise the good work by the chairman of the committee for con-tinuing to push for congressional re-view. Our ultimate goal must be to curb all Iranian terror, and this will never happen if we do not confront and contain Iran’s nuclear ambitions. 
I believe a final deal which does not 
address Iran’s support of terrorism and other groups which subvert recognized governments is not in the best inter-ests of our Nation, and an agreement without these assurances will miss an opportunity to provide stability in the region. 
In closing, the bottom line is that 
Iran must never be allowed to develop a single nuclear weapon—not now or at any point in the future. A nuclear Iran presents one of the greatest threats to peace and stability in our time. 
With that, Mr. President, I yield the 
floor. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I 
thought I would take this time—I know Senator C
ORKER is at a lunch with some of our colleagues and is 
going over some of the issues con-cerning how we are going to move for-ward, but I thought I would take this time to at least tell our Members that we are working very hard to try to re-solve some of the amendments Mem-bers want to offer. 
I must point out that there have been 
no requests for amendments on the Democratic side. I know Senator C
ORKER is a little bit more busy than I 
am. He is trying to work with the num-ber of amendments that have been filed by Republican colleagues. But we are trying to go through those amend-ments and see if there is a way con-sistent with the purpose of the bill that we can work out language that would accomplish what the author of the amendment is attempting to accom-plish but consistent with the purpose of the bill—to make sure that we have an orderly way to review any agree-ment reached between the United States and our negotiating partners and Iran on its nuclear weapon pro-gram and that we get timely notice from the administration in regard to material breaches so that we can take action to prevent Iran from becoming a nuclear weapon state. There are also provisions in the bill that provide noti-fication by the administration and im-portant information so that we can do our work. 
We are taking a look at these amend-
ments and trying to see whether we can work our way forward in order to move this bill in the same method that it moved through the Senate Foreign Relations Committee. As the Presiding Officer knows, we worked together to try to get that accomplished. 
We started the debate yesterday, and 
we are going to continue it today. Sen-ator B
ARRASSO brought an amendment 
forward, which he wants to have pend-ing, that would change the certifi-cation requirements. We are trying to work out a way in which we will be able to take that issue up before the full Senate. Senator C
ORKER and I are 
trying to resolve that issue as to how we can bring that forward. 
I talked about this issue yesterday 
and explained the certification require-ment to all the Members of the Senate. The President has to certify on a reg-ular basis that Iran is basically in com-pliance with the agreement. If they can’t do that, then we get into an expe-dited process for imposing sanctions or to take action against Iran. 
There are a lot of amendments that 
have been filed—they are not pending— that would require additional certifi-cations by the administration, and if the administration cannot make those certifications, there is an expedited process. The problem with going be-yond the terms of the nuclear agree-ment on any of those certifications is that it affects the bill itself, and that is why we call them poison pills. I will try to explain that. 
Senator B
ARRASSO ’s amendment 
dealt with a certification that Iran will 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:08 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29AP6.012 S29APPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2497 April 29, 2015 
not be involved in terrorism against 
the United States or any of our citi-zens. But there are several other amendments that have been filed that would change the certification require-ments so that the President would have to make those certifications or it could trigger expedited procedures. 
Why do we call those poison pills? 
First of all, it changes the balance of what we are trying to do, and it is highly unlikely that we are going to be able to get that bill to the President for his signature. It will compromise what we are trying to do, and we are not going to be able to get the bill done. We will end up losing the bill. We will lose the opportunity for the com-mittee to get the information and con-sider it. The committee needs to have a period of time in order to go through the review process. And the adminis-tration will not be able to exercise its waiver power for additional sanctions relief. All of that hard work will be lost. It is really counterproductive to what the authors of these amendments are trying to do. 
The second consequence that could 
happen, if this is in the bill, is that the President would not be able to make the certification and we would very likely never get an agreement. There-fore, what will happen is that the United States will be accused of walk-ing away from trying to negotiate an agreement with Iran. We would be iso-lated, and our chances of preventing Iran from becoming a nuclear weapons state becomes that much less likely to happen. 
The third reason why these amend-
ments are problematic and are poison pills has to do with the fact that it be-comes a negotiating objective for the United States. These are good objec-tives. We don’t want Iran to be able to sponsor terrorism. It is certainly some-thing that is part of our policy. But if we make it a negotiating objective, then the administration has to achieve that in order to prevent sanctions from going into effect in order to achieve our objective. That makes it much more difficult to achieve the primary objective, and the primary objective is to stop Iran from becoming a nuclear weapons state. 
Although these amendments are well 
intended, they have the consequence of just the opposite. These amendments will make it less likely that we will prevent Iran from becoming a nuclear weapons state. 
The same is true on any certifi-
cation. One of the amendments that have been filed says that we have to certify that Iran recognizes Israel’s right to its own sovereignty. I want Iran to recognize Israel’s sovereignty. We put very strong language into this bill and made it clear that Israel’s se-curity is of prime concern to us. It is in the bill. If we make it a certification requirement—think about this for a moment—it means our negotiators will have to figure out a way to negotiate with Iran something they don’t want to do. And what will we have to give up in 
order to get that? What will they put on the table in regards to international recognition? It distracts us from objec-tive to prevent Iran from becoming a nuclear weapons state, which is criti-cally important to the security of Israel. These amendments do just the opposite of what they are intended to do. 
I mentioned that because we are try-
ing to move forward with this legisla-tion. I hope that we can do it very quickly and we can find a path forward. We are going to try to accommodate the fair considerations of these amend-ments. But I urge my colleagues to take a look at their amendments, to work with Senator C
ORKER , to work 
with me, and let’s see whether we can accommodate, within the framework of the legislation, any concerns that the sponsors of the amendments may have. Then we can do what the Senate For-eign Relations Committee was able to do on a 19-to-0 vote. It makes the Sen-ate much stronger, and it makes the United States much stronger when we can come together on these amend-ments. 
Our objective is to prevent Iran from 
becoming a nuclear weapons state, and the best way for us to do that is to speak with a united voice and the type of work we did in a bipartisan manner. 
The people of Maryland and the peo-
ple of this country want us to work to-gether. They want us to resolve issues. The Senate Foreign Relations Com-mittee was able to do that. 
I urge Members who have filed 
amendments to work with us so we can find a way forward to make sure this bill remains intact and gives Congress the best chance for an orderly review of the process and gives us the tools we need to make America’s position even stronger to prevent Iran from becom-ing a nuclear weapons state. 
With that, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
S
COTT). The clerk will call the roll. 
The bill clerk proceeded to call the 
roll. 
Mr. PERDUE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
C
RUZ). Without objection, it is so or-
dered. 
Mr. PERDUE. Mr. President, I rise to 
speak in favor of the Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act. 
First, I wish to commend my col-
leagues, Senator C
ORKER and Senator 
CARDIN , for their leadership on this im-
portant bipartisan legislation. Because of their crucial leadership, the Foreign Relations Committee recently passed this bill unanimously in a 19-to-0 vote. One thing that is so important to re-member, as we debate this bill, is that without this legislation, we would not have a say at all on the President’s nu-clear deal with Iran. 
Now, I will be the first to say that an 
international agreement of this mag-nitude should have been considered the 
same as a treaty. But, unfortunately, the President chose to completely cir-cumvent Congress in this process. 
The Senate Foreign Relations Com-
mittee, of which I am a member, did all we could to ensure that the American people, by way of Congress, get a say in this deal. If we let the perfect become the enemy of the good, however, and fail to pass this bill, the President will be able to go ahead and implement any and all aspects of a nuclear deal with Iran. This bill prevents the President from having a total free hand with re-gard to this potential deal with Iran and from prematurely lifting sanc-tions. 
According to CRS, this lifting of 
sanctions would mean an estimated $130 billion in sanctions relief would start flowing to Iran. That is more than Iran’s entire annual defense budg-et. Imagine what they could do with over $100 billion. They could continue to fund terrorism. They could continue to prop up Assad’s regime in Syria. They could continue to fuel the Houthi rebellion in Yemen. And, yes, they could further fund development of their nuclear weapons program. 
Congress passed the very sanctions 
credited with bringing Iran to the table, and I firmly believe that Con-gress should play a role in any decision to lift those sanctions. While the Presi-dent may be able to waive sanctions on Iran later this year, permanent sanc-tions relief can only come from Con-gress. 
My colleagues and I still have many 
questions about this deal, and we must take this opportunity to get a period of congressional review so we can get an-swers to these questions and prevent the President from prematurely lifting sanctions. We are truly facing a global crisis, and the world is watching. 
As Prime Minister Netanyahu re-
cently said before Congress, a nuclear Iran is not just a threat to Middle East security, and it is not just a threat to U.S. security. It is a threat, indeed, to global security. There is no scenario in which a nuclear Iran would be any-thing but catastrophic. Indeed, a nu-clear Iran would spark a wave of pro-liferation in the Middle East and po-tentially worldwide. And if we don’t like Iran’s behavior today, imagine what their actions will be like if they have a nuclear weapon with the mis-siles to deliver them. Under no cir-
cumstances can we allow Iran to be-come a nuclear weapon state—not now, not in 10 years, not ever. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The bill clerk proceeded to call the 
roll. 
Ms. AYOTTE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for 
the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Ms. AYOTTE. Mr. President, I would 
like to talk about the important legis-lation we have pending right now on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:08 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29AP6.017 S29APPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2498 April 29, 2015 
the Senate floor. I do not see a greater 
threat to our security interests in this country than a nuclear-armed Iran. Our national security interests require 
a permanent and verifiable end to Iran’s nuclear weapons program. 
Today, I come to the floor to support 
the legislation that I was proud to be an original cosponsor of that will en-sure that Congress reviews this agree-ment if there is an agreement reached with the Iranians and that we will have a voice on this agreement because without Congress’s involvement in this—I believe it would be a huge dis-service to the American people to not have their elected representatives weigh in on such an important matter. 
What matters most is, is this agree-
ment one that is transparent, verifiable, and will actually end their nuclear program because the country of Iran is the largest state sponsor of terrorism in the world. We cannot give one of the most dangerous regimes in the world the most dangerous weapon. 
Iran described the United States of 
America as the ‘‘Great Satan.’’ Iran said it wants to annihilate or wipe out the State of Israel. Iran is a country that is supporting terrorist groups around the world. We can only imagine the devastation that could be wrought if Iran gets a nuclear weapon. So the stakes cannot be any greater with what is happening right now with the admin-istration negotiating with this regime, which is not a regime we can trust, un-fortunately. So the terms of this agree-ment matter. 
The elected representatives of this 
country need to have a vigorous debate about this agreement in the Congress, and we need to make sure it is not an agreement that allows them to con-tinue their march toward a nuclear weapon. 
Some of the information that has 
been released so far about the frame-work the administration has put to-gether has raised a number of red flags about where this agreement is going. It is my hope that this legislation passing will ensure that Congress is able to re-view the agreement to make sure it is one that ends their nuclear program. 
Some of the concerns I already see 
with this framework agreement sug-gest that the administration is moving in a direction that would not fully force Iran to dismantle its nuclear in-frastructure or require Iran to address its long history of deception regarding its nuclear program, including long- term questions about the program’s military aspects. The framework that has been released would not address Iran’s support for terrorism, its inter-continental ballistic missile program, or its stated desire to knock Israel off the map. 
In order to ensure that we have an 
agreement that would end Iran’s nu-clear program and hold them account-able, we cannot have a situation where Iran keeps so much of its infrastruc-ture and then can run up to a nuclear weapon or walk to it instead of running to it. Even worse, as we look at the frame-
work of this agreement and the inspec-tion framework the agreement would require, we cannot have an agreement that does not allow unlimited inspec-tions of Iran’s nuclear program at any time, unannounced, because this is a regime which is not a trustworthy re-gime. Yet, as I look at the terms of the 
framework that the administration has announced, it seems we have a ‘‘moth-er, may I’’ approach to asking Iran whether we should go in and inspect their facilities. Well, that is going to be unacceptable. We need to ensure that the terms of this agreement, if reached, make sure we can show up at any time, anywhere, without notice to Iran, to inspect their facilities to make sure they are adhering to the terms of the agreement. 
In short, the framework of the agree-
ment that has been released by the ad-ministration suggests that this poten-tial deal could eliminate hard-fought sanctions on which we worked together in this Congress on a bipartisan basis— economic sanctions that brought Iran to the table, which would take years to restore—in return for concessions that have only reversed Iran’s program by days or weeks. Iran would retain a massive nuclear infrastructure, and they don’t seem to be answering the tough questions about their support for terrorism or their missile program. 
Iran’s activities during these nego-
tiations in supporting terrorism have continued. As their diplomats sit at the negotiating table and smile for the cameras, their government continues to support terrorist organizations such as Hezbollah and provide arms and funding to the murderous Assad regime in Syria that has murdered hundreds of thousands of innocent people. It has continued to destabilize Yemen. It is imprisoning innocent Americans and developing an intercontinental bal-listic missile whose obvious purpose is to potentially deliver a nuclear weapon to the United States of America. 
I intend to offer an amendment to 
the pending legislation that will ad-dress Iran’s ICBM program because one of the concerns I have is that there doesn’t seem to be any mention in these negotiations of Iran’s develop-ment of ICBM capability that could be the delivery mechanism to deliver a nuclear weapon to hit the United States. I will offer that amendment to indicate to this administration that this issue needs to be on the table. We need to not only stop their nuclear pro-gram, we need to stop Iran’s ICBM pro-gram, which some of our intelligence estimates have indicated could be suc-cessful as soon as the end of this year. 
That is the testimony we have heard 
in the Armed Services Committee. So there is real urgency that we stop not only their nuclear program but also their support for terrorism and their work on an ICBM that could deliver harm—very grave harm—to our coun-try. In fact, in February, Iran had actu-ally successfully launched a long-range missile system and used a space launch 
that could be the potential manner in which they would deliver a nuclear weapon capability to our country. 
So this is a real concern that we ad-
dress their missile program in the con-text of this agreement. In fact, on Jan-uary 29, 2014, the Director of National Intelligence, James Clapper, testified that ‘‘we judge that Iran would choose a ballistic missile as its preferred method of delivering nuclear weapons’’ capability. One of the real important issues that we need to debate and ad-dress when it comes to their state sponsoring of terrorism is what is hap-pening in Yemen right now. 
As we stand here, we have had a situ-
ation where Iran has been harassing and threatening cargo ships in the re-gion, challenging a core American na-tional security and economic interest in the freedom of navigation, particu-larly in key chokepoints like the Strait of Hormuz and the Bab el- Mandeb Strait. 
If you look at our interest in what 
has happened in Yemen, Iran has sup-ported the Houthis that have under-mined the Government in Yemen. Why is that important to us? It is important to us because we had to leave Yemen, in part, as a result of Iran’s support of terrorism in Yemen. Who presides in Yemen? Who is one of the great presences in Yemen? Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula, a group that has vowed to attack our country, a group that has made attempts to attack us and our country. Iran is aiding the way, through their terrorism there, to give Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula more space to conduct attacks that can harm our interests and the interests of our allies. 
So this legislation that is pending on 
the floor right now—if we were to not pass it, I think people need to under-stand the implications of it. The impli-cations of not passing this legislation that is on the floor is that Congress would not have any say on these issues that are so important, would not have any say on whether the agreement that the administration is negotiating with Iran actually will end their program, actually will dismantle their nuclear program, actually will have a verifiable inspection regime that al-lows inspectors to go anywhere unan-nounced at any time to ensure that they are not cheating on whatever agreement is reached between us and the Iranians. 
So this bill could not be more impor-
tant. I thank the sponsors of this bill. I certainly thank Senators C
ORKER and 
CARDIN for their leadership in the For-
eign Relations Committee, to ensure that the people of this country, through their elected representatives, on something of such importance when it comes to the national security of the United States of America—that their elected representatives perform their important oversight role here. 
So I am hopeful we will pass this leg-
islation that the U.S. Congress—I hope 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:08 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29AP6.020 S29APPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2499 April 29, 2015 
the administration, with some of the 
concerns I have raised about this framework, really toughens what they are doing in this framework to end their program, to have a transparent, verifiable inspection regime to address the ICBM Program, to address Iran’s state sponsorship of terrorism. I hope they will do that. 
But I know that on behalf of my con-
stituents, it is important, if any agree-ment is reached, that we have that de-bate here, that we have a voice in it on behalf of the American people. In doing so, we will protect the national secu-rity interests of this country to make sure that whatever agreement is en-tered into is really a good agreement, one that protects our country, which protects our allies, and ends Iran’s nu-clear program, as none of us can look in the mirror and think about one of the most dangerous regimes in the world having the most destructive weapon in the world. That is something that—as I think about all of the na-tional security issues, this is on the top. So I cannot think of a more impor-tant debate we could have now or more important legislation that we could work on. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-
jority whip. 
THE NEW CONGRESS AND PATENT REFORM  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, the 
114th Congress is just a little over 100 days old now, but we have actually seen what used to be called the world’s greatest deliberative body actually get back to work and be producing results for the American people. Just a few months into this session, we have passed important legislation, from a budget—we will perhaps, as early as Tuesday, pass the first budget since 2009. 
We repaired something called the doc 
fix, which maybe is inelegantly named but basically fixed a problem that had been lurking since 1977, when somehow we got the idea that we would be able to save money by cutting the reim-bursement rates to doctors and hos-pitals. Then we were shocked, abso-lutely shocked, that some doctors would not see Medicare patients and some hospitals could not afford to build or expand in rural areas and the like. 
Well, we got that off the table as 
well. Then, I am glad to say, last week we were able to pass some major antitrafficking legislation which, of course, dealt with the victims of human trafficking, the profile of which is about a 12- to 14-year-old girl who is literally in human bondage. So we have done some, I think, good work. There is a lot more we need to do. 
Of course, the present legislation 
that enjoys broad bipartisan support is the Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act of 2015. I, too, commend the chair-man and the ranking member of the Foreign Relations Committee. I know this can be a frustrating process be-cause other Members of the Senate now have ideas they want to offer by way of 
amendment. We are working through this. I think this will test their pa-tience and ours in the process. 
But this Chamber is poised to con-
tinue in the spirit of bipartisanship on other important issues as well: trade promotion authority, which, to me, is the essential link between us and the ability to pass important trade agree-ments. 
Texas, as the Presiding Officer 
knows, is the leading export State in the Nation. We benefit from that be-cause we understand that when you have markets for the things we grow or the livestock we raise or the manufac-tured goods we make, it is good for our economy, it is good for job creation. Well, trade promotion authority will be good for hard-working Texas families and families all across the country. 
But there is another area that may 
not seem of great significance but I think is important, where I think we have another opportunity. That has to do with patent reform and particularly lawsuit abuse reform. Now, patents do not just affect the technology sector. They just do not affect the financial sector and Wall Street. It literally is a Main Street problem because you have restaurants now, you have real estate agents, you have hotels, motels, you have construction companies that have been sued by patent trolls, people who do not make anything, merely they hold a license to a patent and use that to file—frequently—frivolous litigation in order to literally shake down the de-fendant. 
Many times it is people who cannot 
adequately defend themselves. Maybe they are a startup business, an inno-vator who has come up with a new idea or a better idea and they are thinly capitalized. Can you imagine what hap-pens when they get sued by the patent trolls? Well, it is a sad and short story. Either they have to capitulate and pay the ransom or they go out of business entirely. 
But patent reform is an issue whose 
time has come again. It is one I have been involved in for a number of years in the Senate. In 2011, after years of ne-gotiations, Congress passed something called the America Invents Act. This is the first major patent reform in dec-ades. This is something that makes America unique. You know, in Texas we believe in property rights. Well, what we are talking about is intellec-tual property rights. But when some-body smart or creative or innovative comes up with a better idea, our Con-stitution and our laws provide a means to protect that against people who would take it or steal it or infringe upon it. That is why patent law is so important. 
But one of the issues left unaddressed 
was this rising tide of lawsuits and the threat of litigation, of which a wider and wider swath of stakeholders are now complaining loudly—again, not just the big technology firms but res-taurants, hotels, motels, builders, real estate agents, and the like. So, in 2013, 
a number of Members of Congress began working on this legislation to address those frivolous claims, which really kill jobs because it kills innova-tion in the process. 
Bills were introduced in the House 
and the Senate targeting the various aspects of this problem but focusing primarily on lawsuit abuse, lawsuits brought not to vindicate a legitimate claim by somebody who actually has lost something of value but merely somebody who is a holder of a license to sue, in essence, and uses it to shake down these small startup companies and innovators. 
Well, we were able to see the passage, 
in December of 2013, of something called the Innovation Act in the House of Representatives. That legislation passed overwhelmingly, 325 to 91, with almost all Republicans and the bulk of Democrats supporting the bill. Here is the other thing. This is not just a Democratic or Republican issue. This is something the administration whole-heartedly supports. 
In fact, this is one of the stories I 
told last year as I was traveling around Texas and elsewhere as evidence of the dysfunction, because, I asked: If Repub-licans are for something and Demo-crats are for something, if the majority of Congress is for it and the White House is for it, why is it we can’t get it done? Well, the obstacle to getting it done was eliminated with the new ma-jority in the Senate. 
So I think we are poised to take good 
action here very soon. We are in a new Congress with a new leadership and a new majority. That is everything when it comes to reforming our broken pat-ent system. Today, we had a broad bi-partisan group of people, from the ranking member and the chairman of the Judiciary Committee, the former chairman, Senator H
ATCH , to Senator 
SCHUMER , who is in the leadership of 
the Democrats in the Senate, Senator K
LOBUCHAR , and Senator L EE. 
All of us announced this broad, bipar-
tisan support for a new piece of patent reform legislation designed to attack this problem of lawsuit abuse and the shakedown of America’s innovators and job creators and technology cre-ators. So Republicans and Democrats alike have come to realize that under the status quo, too many of our most promising innovators, not to mention other businesses, are wasting time and money in frivolous, costly litigation. This legislation takes a number of commonsense steps that ends the ex-ploitation of these so-called patent trolls. 
Many of those are not particularly 
earth-shaking, but the culmination of them, I think, will have a real positive impact on this problem. 
First, it would require plaintiff’s in 
patent cases to simply explain the sub-stance of their claim when filing the initial lawsuit. What frequently hap-pens is a lawsuit will be filed with no real detail as to the nature of the claim 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:08 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29AP6.022 S29APPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2500 April 29, 2015 
or the infringement of the patent. Then 
there would ensue costly and time-con-suming discovery, until finally the plaintiff would figure out some claim 
they could make to hang their hat on. Well, we eliminate that by requiring upfront specific notice of what the in-fringement is in the nature of the claim. 
Second, it would stay cases against 
the end users, including restaurants, motels, hotels, construction compa-nies, and the like, and would give the party with the major incentive to de-fend the case the opportunity to do so. So the person who is actually respon-sible for the manufacture of a prod-uct—let’s say a Wi-Fi device—the man-ufacturer would defend that case and not the hotel or motel that happened to deploy that Wi-Fi device in their hotel or their motel. 
Third, the bill would bring greater 
fairness to the discovery process by limiting discovery until the court re-solves threshold motions in the case. This is important because the court is going to have to make a decision whether this is a legitimate case that could go on and thus authorize the ex-pensive and time-consuming discovery. If it is not a legitimate case, then that is the time for the court to address it by a motion to dismiss or some other legal device. 
Fourth, it would curb the practice of 
sending abusive demand letters. What I have learned is that in patent litiga-tion these days, there would be demand letters which literally would carpet bomb the people who were using some of this innovation, in an effort to shake them down. It causes a lot of expense, delay, and other consternation. 
Fifth—and this is perhaps one of the 
most critical elements—it would allow courts to shift responsibility for the cost of patent litigation more often to the losing party when the court finds that the claim was not a reasonable claim to be brought. In other words, it was a privileged claim. So no longer can you file a lawsuit and pursue it, even though it is a bogus case, without any fear of actually having to pay the costs of the other side that prevails in a case involving an unreasonable use of the legal process. 
So I believe, as many of my col-
leagues do, that these are sensible re-forms, and it is one way we can take a step to protect better the access to jus-tice for plaintiffs with legitimate claims of infringement and to deter those who simply abuse the system. 
This is another promising area where 
I think the 114th Congress can distin-guish itself from the 113th and previous Congresses by showing we can actually work together to try to solve real prob-lems in a bipartisan way that hopefully will improve life just a little bit for the people we represent. 
Entrepreneurs in Texas and through-
out the country need this legislation to protect them from abuse of patent liti-gation practices that have burdened America’s private sector for far too long. The last point I would make is that I 
saw this morning the news that, basi-cally, America’s economy did not grow in the last quarter. Basically, the gross domestic product was, I think, a 0.2 percent increase. That is simply too slow of an economic growth to create the jobs we need for the population in-creases we are seeing. 
So if we are going to get our econ-
omy growing again, which is the best way to raise the wages of hard-working American families, we are going to need to do a number of things, such as reform our tax system. We are going to need to rein in overreaching regula-tion, which is a wet blanket on the pri-vate sector and on job creation, and we are going to need to do efforts such as patent reform, as in this litigation re-form legislation I have just been talk-ing about. That will unleash this sleep-ing giant of the great American econ-omy for the benefit of all Americans once again. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
T
OOMEY ). The Senator from South 
Carolina. 
Mr. GRAHAM. Mr. President, I wish 
to speak about the pending business be-fore the Senate. Of all the things we will do, probably in our political life-time, I can’t think of anything more important than getting the Iran nu-clear ambitions right. 
I stand in two camps. I would love a 
good deal, and a bad deal would be a nightmare. 
What is a bad deal? A bad deal would 
be one that would result in a North Ko-rean outcome, where you lock in a ca-pacity in the hands of the Iranians to be monitored by the international com-munity. And one day they break out, you wake up, and you have a bomb. 
A bad deal would be too much capac-
ity in the hands of the Iranians. That would spook the Sunni Arabs who want to go buy a bomb of their own. 
I cannot tell you the consequences to 
the world and to our Nation if you have a nuclear arms race in the Middle East. That is what a bad deal leads to. 
A good deal allows us to wind down a 
hotly contested dispute between Iran and the world over the last 20 years without firing a shot. A good deal would be allowing the Iranians a peace-ful nuclear power program, what they claim they want, with no real capa-bility in a year—or any time—to make a bomb. 
If all they want is a peaceful nuclear 
power program, I do not object. 
I do object to the capability to enrich 
the uranium in a fashion that one day they could break out, as North Korea did—because I don’t trust the Iranians. 
So to Senator C
ARDIN and to Senator 
CORKER , you have navigated this very 
well. You have a Democratic President, who I think wants the deal way too badly, and we have a Congress who I think wants to have a say. 
We created the congressional sanc-
tions, and we should have a say as to whether they are waived based on the deal and the quality of the deal that 
they may negotiate with the Iranians and the P5+1. Since we created the sanctions, I don’t think it is unfair to this President or to any other Presi-dent to say: You need our vote. You need a debate to occur before we will agree to do that. 
Now, is it a treaty? I don’t think so. 
I would love it to be a treaty, but it is not. 
The one thing I don’t want to do, in 
the process of dealing with a very dan-gerous situation in the Middle East, is to turn the rules upside down in the Senate because I like a particular out-come. 
Senator J
OHNSON sincerely believes 
this is a treaty. I do not doubt his mo-tivations at all. But I have come to conclude, right or wrong, that it doesn’t meet the definition laid out by the Supreme Court and the precedents of the past. 
When we did a deal with North 
Korea, it wasn’t a treaty. Maybe it should have been, but it wasn’t. So I don’t think we are going to change the rules just because we have a very dan-gerous moment in American history, in world history, and a President some of 
us don’t trust or like. 
Condoleezza Rice says it is not a 
treaty. I don’t think she would have said that if there had been any doubt in her mind. 
I have had discussions with other Re-
publicans who have served in prior ad-ministrations, and they have come to the same conclusion. 
So we had a vote, which was a good 
thing, and the concept of it becoming a treaty was voted down. The debate was worthy of the Senate, and I applaud all those who were involved. 
There are aspects of amendments 
that are pending that I would embrace in a New York minute, but I believe that some of these amendments—no matter how much I support the con-cept—would break apart a bipartisan coalition that has taken a year to form. 
To Senator C
ARDIN and Senator 
CORKER , you have struck a balance 
that I think makes sense to me. A Democratic minority, I don’t believe, is going to turn all the power regarding this deal surviving or being struck down to the Republican majority. If I were in your shoes, I would not do that. 
And to my colleagues who ask that 
the Democratic minority with a Demo-cratic President cede the entire process to us, as Republicans, that is probably a bridge too far. 
I don’t think a Republican President 
would like that outcome. I don’t think a Republican minority would turn over to a Democratic majority the ability to act unilaterally on something of this consequence. 
So what have Senators C
ORKER and 
CARDIN been able to do? They have 
brought the bill to the floor without a filibuster, allowing the debate and, hopefully, more votes. 
To my Democratic colleagues, don’t 
shut my Republican friends out. They 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:08 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29AP6.023 S29APPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2501 April 29, 2015 
all have a say, and I will vote with you 
against some of the amendments that I like but that I just think would break the deal apart. Let’s get the Senate back in business in a reasonable fash-ion. 
What I would say is that the con-
struct of this bill makes perfect sense to me. You need 60 votes to disapprove the deal. Sixty votes are required for any major action in the Senate. That has been the historical precedent of the Senate. So the Democrats are not ask-ing us to do something that hasn’t been around as a concept for a long time. 
What does it require? It requires the 
54 Republicans, if we are together, to convince 6 Democrats that this is a bad deal. 
I think, if it truly is a bad deal, our 
Democratic colleagues—for the good of the Nation—and the consequences of a bad deal are understood by them— would join with us and say: This is not what we want, Mr. President; try hard-er. Rejecting a bad deal does not mean that we want to end diplomatic efforts. It means that we believe the deal in question falls short. 
To Senator C
ORKER , you did a good 
job, because I don’t think anybody in your shoes could have convinced the Democratic Party basically to deal themselves out. 
To Senator C
ARDIN , you made it pos-
sible, along with Senator M ENENDEZ , 
for us to have this debate and create, I think, a standard of disapproval con-sistent with the traditions of the Sen-ate. 
There may never be a deal, but if 
there is one, it has to come back here, and every American will get to hear the contents of the deal—while some think it is good, and while others think it is bad—and you will not have to wonder what we are doing with regard to the Iranians. 
If the Republican Party cannot con-
vince enough Members of the Demo-cratic Party that it is a bad deal, then we will be disappointed, but that is de-mocracy. 
Israel is very worried about the 
framework. The Sunni Arab States are very worried about the framework. It is not a final deal yet. 
Three things, I think, have to be 
there for me to be on board: anytime, anywhere inspections in Iran by inter-national organizations of our choosing, including military facilities; no up-front signing bonus in terms of money until the Iranians comply with the ini-tial phases of the deal, because they will take the cash and put it in their war machine; and whenever the inspec-tion regime is supposed to terminate— 10 years, 15 years or whatever date you pick—at that moment, the then-exist-ing President, whoever he or she may be, has to certify that Iran is no longer a state sponsor of terrorism, because you would not want to end an inspec-tion regime if they were still involved in state terrorist activity. 
So the two leaders on this bill, from 
my view, have crafted a very good piece of legislation. People dislike it 
for different reasons, which means it is probably the balance we need—and I can’t think of a better way to do this. 
To those who think they have a bet-
ter way, the only thing I can tell you is you better get some Democrats to agree with you. Because if you cannot, it is just all talk. 
What B
OBCORKER and B ENCARDIN  
have been able to do is they have given the Senate a voice that we wouldn’t have otherwise. They have given the American people a chance to under-stand the deal better than any oppor-tunity I know of, and they have given us the power that every Member of the House and Senate should want in this regard, a chance to have a say and to be recorded in history. 
The outcome may not please you, but 
this is the best process I could think of, given the way the Senate works and the way democracy works, which means both parties are going to require a say in something this important. 
So, well done. I look forward to vot-
ing for this deal. Any amendment you want to bring to the floor, I will vote for it if I think it is a good amendment that will not deconstruct the deal or unravel the deal. I will vote against the amendment if I think it will break the deal apart, even though I am sympa-thetic to it, because my goal is to get this right, to make sure that any final deal with the Iranians is explained to the American people through the House and the Senate debate, and that 
can only happen if this bill becomes law. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Tennessee. 
Mr. CORKER. Mr. President, I wish 
to say, while the Senator from South Carolina is on the floor, that at the end of the day, this bill is the Graham vi-sion. I mean, the fact is that this is Graham-Corker, Corker-Graham. It has evolved so that we could have the kind of support that we need to pass this into law. 
But I thank Senator G
RAHAM for his 
pushing to make sure we got to this point. There is no question. Look, you have been on this issue for months. You have pursued this. You have sold this publicly. You have worked with us as we have caused this to evolve to get the number of votes that we may get actually to cause this to become law. I don’t know of anybody in our caucus or anybody in the Senate that has more of a foreign policy national security background—no one. 
I thank you for your efforts to ensure 
that we do everything we can to make sure we have a voice in this agreement that may happen on June 30 or a few days thereafter. We wouldn’t be here without your continual pushing. 
I yield the floor for Senator C
ARDIN . 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Maryland. 
Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, before 
Senator G RAHAM leaves the floor, I 
wish to concur with Senator C ORKER ’s 
observations. It was several months ago that Sen-
ator G RAHAM grabbed me on the floor 
of the Senate to talk about this being the most important responsibility we have—to have an orderly way to over-sight any potential agreement. 
So I really thank Senator G
RAHAM  
for his attention to this issue. We wouldn’t be here today if it weren’t for his leadership on this issue, and I thank him for the manner in which he brought this issue forward so that we could find a way to get this done in a constructive manner. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Florida. 
Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, I, too, 
want to begin today by thanking the Senators from Maryland and Tennessee for the work they have put into this process. It is important. It is impor-tant that Congress have a role in re-viewing any deal the President con-cludes with Iran. 
This is an extraordinary threat to 
the world. This is a nation which is run not by the individual with whom they are negotiating; Iran is a country gov-erned and run by a radical Shia cleric who has ideas about the future of the world that are frightening. 
What is more frightening is the infor-
mation we have received from this ad-ministration about the framework they agreed to on April 2. It is a framework, for example, that would allow Iran to retain thousands of centrifuges and grant them the right to enrich ura-nium. It is an arrangement that would allow Iran to avoid dismantling its key facilities. It is an arrangement that al-lows Iran to continue to deny its past work on nuclear weapons. It is an ar-rangement that would allow Iran to re-tain a significant ballistic missile pro-gram, including efforts to develop a missile capable of hitting the very spot on which we stand right now. It is an arrangement that does nothing whatso-ever on the cases of those Americans who are currently unjustly detained in Iran. It is an arrangement that does nothing to impact Iran’s state sponsor-ship of terrorism or its brutal treat-ment of its own people. In fact, it is an arrangement that, if it goes through, will turn over billions of dollars into the hands of the chief state sponsor of terrorism on the planet. And it is an arrangement that will do nothing to bring an end to Iran’s self-proclaimed support at the highest levels of its gov-ernment for the destruction of the State of Israel. 
Since April 2 of this year, by the 
way, the Iranians have made clear that they are not willing to do many of the things the White House itself has claimed are part of this deal. We are going to get to that in a moment, but understand that when the White House announced this deal, they put out a fact sheet. They said: This is what the deal is about. Iran is disputing it. They do not have the same fact sheet. In es-sence, what Iran is saying was agreed to and what the United States is saying was agreed to are, apparently at this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:08 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29AP6.024 S29APPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2502 April 29, 2015 
moment, two very different things. 
That alone should be concerning. 
In addition to that, this deal is going 
to be a dangerous deal, a bad deal not just for the United States and our al-lies in the region but especially for our allies in Israel. 
That is why it is important that Con-
gress take a stand and ensure that this deal is not implemented unless its fun-damental flaws are addressed. 
That is why I supported this legisla-
tion in the committee. I voted for it so we could be here on the floor to strengthen it—not in a committee of just 20 members but here with all of our colleagues—over a number of days, potentially weeks, so the country could see what is at stake. 
The first amendment I will offer 
today and hope we can overcome objec-tions to is pretty straightforward. Here is what the amendment says: It says to the President that no deal can go for-ward unless the President certifies that the Iranian leadership has accepted Israel’s right to exist as a Jewish state. 
Why is that important? Because we 
will hear the argument that this has nothing to do with nuclear weapons, that this has nothing to do with the nuclear capacity of Iran. I am going to make the argument that that is not true. 
The first reason is—we have to un-
derstand why it is important for Israel to exist as a Jewish state. Israel is not just a country; it is a homeland for the Jewish people, created in the after-math of the Holocaust with the belief that never again would there not be a place for the Jewish people to go and seek refuge and be able to live if they faced persecution—as they have for thousands of years and as they do even now but especially in the aftermath of the Holocaust. So Israel is not just a country. It has a special and unique purpose that sets it apart from any other nation on Earth. It was created as a homeland for a persecuted people who survived despite the deaths of 6 million human beings in the Holocaust, maybe more. It is now a homeland where they will be safe. 
It is also important to remember 
that beyond that, it is in the national security interests of the United States. What is Israel? Israel is a pro-Amer-ican, free enterprise democracy. I promise that if there were more pro- American, free enterprise democracies in the Middle East, our lives would be a lot simpler and the world would be a lot safer and a lot better. But there is one, and this country must always be firmly on the side of that one country, this free enterprise, pro-American de-mocracy in the midst of a region full of chaos and uncertainty. 
Why is that relevant to this deal? 
Here is why it is relevant. This is not just a deal about what Iran is allowed to do in its nuclear program; this is a deal that would lift billions of dollars’ worth of sanctions off of the Iranian Government. And what is the Iranian Government going to do when they get access to those billions of dollars? Are 
they going to donate it to charity around the world to feed the hungry and house the homeless? No. Are they going to use it to substantially im-prove the rights of their people in their own country? No. They are going to use those billions of dollars to do what they are doing now with less money: export terrorism to every corner of the globe. 
Today, Iran is an active sponsor of 
terrorism in Lebanon, Syria, Iraq, Yemen, Bahrain, Latin America, and Europe. This is the same government that tried to assassinate the Saudi Am-bassador here in Washington, DC. This is the same Iranian Government that blew up a Jewish center in Buenos Aires. This is the same Iranian Govern-ment that tried to detonate a bomb in Uruguay. They use terrorism the way normal countries use diplomacy. Yet, now we are going to turn over billions of dollars to them. 
The reason why this has something 
to do with Israel is, what are they going to do when they have even more money to carry out these sorts of acts? They are going to invest it not just in their nuclear program, but they will invest it in their sponsorship of ter-rorism and they will invest it in their long-range rockets. 
What have they told us they want to 
do with this increased capacity? What have they told us is the chief goal of this Government in Iran? Why do they need this terrorism? Why do they need those weapons? Why do they need those long-range rockets? Well, let’s take them at their word. Here is why they need it. They need it because, accord-ing to a tweet put out by the Ayatollah in July of 2014, ‘‘This barbaric, wolflike and infanticidal regime of Israel which spares no crime has no cure but to be annihilated.’’ 
In November of 2014, the Supreme 
Leader posted a chart on his Twitter account. It had ‘‘9 key questions about the elimination of Israel.’’ I am hold-ing it here, but it can be found online. Here are some of those questions: 
‘‘Why should the Zionist regime be 
eliminated?’’ 
‘‘What does elimination of Israel 
mean in the viewpoint of the Imam Khomeini?’’ Meaning him. 
‘‘What is the proper way of elimi-
nating Israel?’’ 
‘‘How will the proposed referendum 
succeed?’’ Well, here he is talking about actually calling for a referendum in Israel, but the Jews can’t partici-pate in the referendum, according to him. 
‘‘Why do we oppose compromise pro-
posals?’’ 
The point is that this is a country led 
by a leader who has made it very clear repeatedly, time and again, that one of their main objectives is the destruction of Israel and ending Israel’s existence as a Jewish state. When someone says that over and over again, we should be-lieve them. This is not for domestic consumption to make him look good in Iran, the way some in the administra-
tion would argue. I believe they mean it. Do you know why I believe they mean it? Because they sponsor ter-rorism in an effort to kill Jews and Israelis. 
In January of 2015, a suitcase full of 
explosives was found near the Israeli Embassy in Uruguay. The day after an individual left a suitcase bomb near the Embassy, a senior Iranian diplomat by the name of Ahmed Sabatgold left the country. Uruguayan authorities clarified a report claiming that he had been expelled from the country. They said no. They suggested that, in fact, he was a person of high interest with whom they would like to speak but that he left the country on his own. 
So the reason why the existence of 
Israel as a Jewish state is directly tied to this deal is simple. We are about to turn over billions of dollars into their hands, and we have every reason to be-lieve they will spend a significant por-tion of that money to destroy our strongest and most important ally in the region and one of the most impor-tant allies in the world. 
The first amendment I have offered is 
pretty straightforward. It calls for any deal to require that Iran recognize Israel’s right to exist as a Jewish state. 
The second amendment I will propose 
is even more straightforward, even more on point. Here is what it requires. It requires that this final deal be the deal the President says it is. Here is what I mean by that. I filed an amend-ment that basically took the White House’s own fact sheet—by the way, I have problems with that fact sheet. The deal as the President describes it is not a deal I believe will work. It is not a deal I believe will prevent Iran from acquiring a nuclear weapon. But just to take them at their word, just to prove this point and to ensure we are building safeguards into what we are doing here, I took the White House’s own fact sheet, what they said the deal was about, and I say in this amend-ment that the final deal must be about those points that the White House al-ready says it is. For the life of me, I don’t understand why that would be controversial. My amendment is basi-cally this. It says the deal has to be what you say it is. That is all my amendment says. Yet, somehow I have been told this is going to box in the White House. If it does, it boxes them in with their own words. 
But here is the reason I am doing it. 
Iran apparently negotiated a very dif-ferent deal than the one the White House thinks we have. For example, the White House says this deal will im-pose permanent inspections on Iran. The State Department fact sheet says: ‘‘Iran’s adherence to the Additional Protocol of the IAEA is permanent, in-cluding its significant access and transparency obligations.’’ The Iranian fact sheet says: ‘‘Iran will implement the Additional Protocol on a voluntary and temporary basis for the sake of transparency and confidence building.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:08 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29AP6.026 S29APPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2503 April 29, 2015 
That doesn’t sound like the same deal 
to me. 
How about the inspection of military 
sites? In an interview on CNN, Deputy National Security Adviser Ben Rhodes said: ‘‘If we see a site that we need to inspect on a military facility, we can get access to that site and inspect it.’’ But on April 9, Iranian Brigadier Gen-eral Hossein Dehghan said: ‘‘Visiting military centers are among the red lines and no visits to these centers will be allowed.’’ 
How about the scope of the sanctions 
relief? The State Department fact sheet says: ‘‘United States and Euro-pean Union nuclear-related sanctions will be suspended . . . All past U.N. Se-curity Council resolutions on the Iran nuclear issue will be lifted simulta-neous with the completion, by Iran, of nuclear-related actions addressing all key concerns.’’ But Iran says: ‘‘Accord-ing to the reached solutions, after the implementation of the Comprehensive Plan of Joint Action, all of the U.N. resolutions will be revoked and all of the multilateral economic and finan-cial sanctions by the EU and the uni-lateral ones by the U.S. will be an-nulled.’’ So are the sanctions limited or total? We say they are limited; Iran says they are total. 
There are three more differences. On 
the timing of the release, at a news conference on April 2, the President said: 
In return for Iran’s actions, the inter-
national community has agreed to provide Iran with relief from certain sanctions—our own sanctions and international sanctions imposed by the United Nations Security Council. This relief will be phased as Iran takes steps to adhere to the deal. 
So the President is basically saying 
that every time Iran complies with a portion of the deal, an additional sanc-tion will be phased out; it will be in steps. If they do something, sanctions come off slowly. Trust but verify. That is what the American Government says. That is what the President said in his own words. But Iran says: ‘‘We will not sign any deal unless on the very first day of its implementation all eco-nomic sanctions against Iran are lifted all at once.’’ 
How about restrictions on enrich-
ment? Are there restrictions for 10 years or for 15 years? The United States and the State Department Fact Sheet says: 
Iran has agreed to not enrich uranium over 
3.67 percent for at least 15 years . . . Iran has agreed to not build any new facilities for the purpose of enriching uranium for 15 years . . . Iran has agreed to not enrich uranium at its Fordow facility for at least 15 years . . . Iran has agreed to not conduct research and development associated with uranium en-richment at Fordow for 15 years. 
That is a lot of 15 years. 
What does Iran say? On April 4, on an 
Iranian state TV channel, its Foreign Minister said: 
The limitations are for 10 years and then 
enrichment will continue its own scientific progress. We have accepted 10 years of limi-tations. Last but not least, research and de-
velopment—is it limited or not lim-ited? The United States, in our fact sheet, says it is limited. 
Iran will not use its IR–2, IR–4, IR–5, IR–6, 
or IR–8 models to produce enriched uranium 
for at least 10 years. Iran will engage in lim-ited research and development with its ad-vanced centrifuges, according to a schedule and parameters which have been agreed to by the P5+1. 
The group that negotiated all this. 
That is what the U.S. fact sheet says. 
But what does Iran say? Iran says no. 
Iran will continue its research and develop-
ment on advanced machines and will con-tinue the initiation and completion phases of the research and development process of IR– 4, IR–5, IR–6, and IR–8 centrifuges during the 10 year period of the Comprehensive Plan for Joint Action. 
So these are at least six major points 
of difference where Iran is saying the deal says one thing and the United States is saying the deal says another. What my amendment does is it takes what we say the deal is and puts it in the bill and says: Any final deal must be what you told us it is, not what Iran says it is. Yet, somehow, apparently, that is controversial. 
This is not a game. This is a very se-
rious matter because this is a coun-try—and I don’t mean its people but its leaders—that has shown the willing-ness to sponsor terrorism and do atro-cious things all over the world. 
When you read in the newspaper 
about civilians being barrel-bombed and gassed and killed in Syria, do you know why Assad is able to do that? Be-cause of the help he gets from Iran. 
When you read about the rockets 
that flood into Tel-Aviv and Jerusalem and Haifa and cities all across Israel every couple years as Hezbollah launches attacks, hiding behind human shields while they are trying to kill Israelis, do you know how they are able to get them? Because of help from Iran. 
When you read in the newspaper that 
yesterday the Iranian military hi-jacked a vessel in international waters, when you read that they tried to kill the Saudi Ambassador in Washington, DC, when you read that they tried to set off a bomb in Uruguay, when you read how in 1994 they did set off a bomb at a Jewish center in Buenos Aires, Ar-gentina—this is who we are dealing with. Now they are on the verge of being able to enrich weapons-grade uranium and reprocess weapons-grade plutonium. Now they are headed quick-ly toward building a long-range rocket capable of reaching not just Israel but Europe and the United States. 
This is a very significant moment be-
cause this President is about to sign a deal that will place in their hands bil-lions of additional dollars. If this is the terrorism and the nuclear activity they are pursuing now with sanctions on them, imagine how much more they will be able to afford to do once the sanctions are lifted. That is why it is so relevant on this point of Israel but also on the details of this deal. 
By the way, as I said, and I will re-
peat it, the State Department fact sheet, what the President says the deal 
is—I am not comfortable with that ei-ther. I don’t think that will work. It is not as if I am celebrating what they say the deal is. 
All I am asking is this: At a min-
imum, before you bring and sign a deal, at least let it be what you say it is. Don’t come back here in 6 months and surprise us with ‘‘By the way, it was the Iranian’s fact sheet that had it right and not ours.’’ 
So I hope we will be able to move on 
these amendments. I don’t think they undermine this one bit. I think they are relevant to the debates we are hav-ing. I think they are relevant to the de-cision we are being asked to make. And it is about time this body takes this up. Congress has an important role to play. The people of Florida whom I rep-resent speak on these issues on this floor through me and the senior Sen-ator from Florida. We have a right to have these issues debated. This is not some minor issue we are talking about; this is the security not just of our strongest ally in the region but of our very own country. 
So I hope we will have an oppor-
tunity to have debates on these amend-ments. When we hear people say: If these amendments pass, we are going to lose the support of the bill; the President might veto it—well, if you want to make that argument, make that argument, but let’s have a vote on it. What is wrong with having a vote on an amendment? If you don’t want to vote on the amendment because you disagree with me, stand up and say you disagree with the amendment and you vote no. If you agree with the amend-ment but you are going to vote against it because you think it unravels this process that is being put in place, then say that. But let’s have a vote on it. 
If you don’t want to vote on things, 
don’t run for the Senate. If you don’t want to vote on things, don’t run for office. Be a columnist. Get a talk show. Everyone who runs for office knows that what we are called to do here is vote on issues on which sometimes we are uncomfortable. 
There is a microphone at your desk. 
Come to the floor and give a speech and explain to the world why you are vot-ing against a deal that requires Israel to have a right to exist. And if you say you believe Israel has a right to exist but you are voting against it because you don’t want to unravel the deal, people will respect it. You can make your argument, but vote. Don’t tell me we can’t have votes on these things. You can argue that we shouldn’t pass it, and I will argue against you, but don’t tell me we can’t even vote on it because then what you are saying is you want to be protected from taking a position on it, you don’t want to take a position that you think is tough, and that I find to be unacceptable. 
So, Mr. President, I ask unanimous 
consent to set aside the pending amendment in order to call up the two 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:59 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29AP6.027 S29APPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2504 April 29, 2015 
amendments I just described, amend-
ment No. 1141 and amendment No. 1148, en bloc. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
The Senator from Maryland. Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, reserv-
ing the right to object, let me explain to my friend from Florida—a very val-ued member of the Senate Foreign Re-lations Committee—that we have two pending amendments. We have also been working to get a vote on Senator B
ARRASSO ’s amendment dealing with 
terrorism. Senator C ORKER and I are 
trying to work through many amend-ments that we can clear that Members have brought forward. They are work-ing with us to get those amendments where we can consider them. 
For an orderly process, since so many 
amendments have been filed—and, I might say, they have all been filed by Republican Members of the Senate—we need to make sure we have an orderly way to consider these amendments and vote on these amendments. For those reasons, I do object. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-
tion is heard. 
Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, just as a 
point of clarification, I am a member of the committee that heard these amendments, particularly the one on Israel’s right to exist. They were avail-able to me at the time. I chose not to offer them in consultation with the Senators who worked so hard to put them together. I could have offered my amendment in the committee. I did not in order to work in a cooperative way to move it from the committee onto the floor. 
I will admit that I did not speak to 
Senator C
ARDIN about this in par-
ticular, but I was told by multiple Members that the right place and the right time for me to offer this amend-ment would be on the floor, not in the committee, because the hope was to get it to the floor as quickly as pos-sible. So in an effort to move this issue to the floor, I held back on filing this particular amendment with regard to Israel’s right to exist on the assurances and on the conversations that we had that, in fact, when we got to the floor, these amendments would be heard. 
Now, if, in fact, it turns out that 
today is not going to be the day we vote on the amendment, I understand that. I know there are a lot of other people with ideas they want voted on. 
My understanding is and I have been 
told that there is potentially the effort here to say we shouldn’t have any amendment or just have three or four amendments, and I think that is an un-fair position to take. I am not saying that is what the Senator from Mary-land is arguing. But I hope that at some point, as the order is estab-lished—I will continue to make this motion in the hope that this amend-ment can not just be pending but can be part of this debate. 
I respect the views of my colleagues, 
some who I think will come to the floor and say they agree with me on the sub-
stance of it but don’t want to vote on the amendment because they think it endangers the agreement we have in place or the bill that is in place. But I do think it deserves a vote, and I do think it deserves that debate. 
So I hope in this orderly process that 
is established, these two amendments— I have filed seven, but I prioritized these two—these two will get the con-sideration I believe they deserve. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Maryland. 
Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, as Sen-
ator R
UBIO pointed out, we had no dis-
cussions about this. I don’t know what Senators he is referring to, but let me just talk briefly about some of the points Senator R
UBIO mentioned be-
cause I think it is important that we respond to them. 
First, the bill we are considering, S. 
615, is a bill that doesn’t deal with the merits of a potential deal. It deals with the right way for Congress to review a potential deal that is reached between the United States and our trading part-ners and Iran concerning its nuclear weapon program. That is what this bill does. It doesn’t say whether the Presi-dent’s agreement is a good one, a bad one, et cetera. It is a process for us to review it and take appropriate action because we are the ones who impose the sanctions. Only the Congress can permanently change or eliminate the sanctions. Therefore, it is important that we have an orderly way to review the potential deal. That is what it does—nothing more, nothing less. 
It also, by the way, gives us the op-
portunity to get notice of material breaches and be able to take action to prevent Iran from becoming a nuclear weapons state if they, in fact, breach the agreement. 
So the two points Senator R
UBIO 
mentioned—the first is that there are different interpretations being given, one by the United States and one by the Iranians. Well, we think the first amendment we filed is going to help deal with that. It is pending right now. It requires us to get every official doc-ument of a potential deal in the lan-guage in which it is agreed to. So that amendment is pending—it is followed by Senator C
ORKER and me—for the 
reasons Senator R UBIO mentioned, and 
that is, we want to see the original text. We don’t want to have the inter-pretation by the Iranians; we want to know what the language says. That is our responsibility. We are going to get that once we take up this first amend-ment—I hope it is approved—that will give us the original language text of every agreement and exhibit that is agreed to between the parties. 
The second issue Senator R
UBIO men-
tioned is Israel’s right to exist and Iran acknowledging Israel’s right to exist. I fully agree with Senator R
UBIO. I don’t 
think there is a Member of this body who doesn’t want Israel legitimated by every country in the world. It is our key ally in the Middle East. It is a country that shares our values, that 
has a strategic relationship with the United States, and I could go on and on. 
Since 1948, the United States and 
Israel have enjoyed a very close and important relationship, and we have taken so many actions in this body in order to protect Israel’s right to exist. That is why we included your language and Senator B
OXER ’s language in this 
bill where we say, ‘‘The President should determine that the agreement in no way compromises the commit-ment of the United States to Israel’s security or its support for Israel’s right to exist.’’ We have that in the bill. 
What Senator R
UBIO’s amendment 
would have us do—and let me explain this. What his amendment would have us do is require that the President cer-tify to us before he could submit any agreement—enter into any agree-ment—that Iran has recognized Israel’s right to exist. 
This agreement we are negotiating 
with our negotiating partners and Iran is to deal with Iran’s nuclear weapon program. I know from my conversa-tions with the Israeli Government that they think that is the most important thing for their existence—the most im-portant thing—that Iran not become a nuclear weapons state. That is what Israel needs, and that is what we are trying to get. 
The Rubio amendment, although it is 
not intended to do that, would say: No, that is not the most important thing. The most important thing is to nego-tiate the language, what Iran says about Israel, not their nuclear weapons program, and that the President must achieve that. 
When you are negotiating, the more 
things you put on the table, the weaker position you are in in achieving the most important point, and that is mak-ing sure we have a strong agreement that Iran can never become a nuclear weapons state. 
That is why this amendment will ac-
complish just the opposite as far as Israel’s security is concerned. Yes, it is a poison pill. Yes, it will defeat this bill. That also happens to be true. And, yes, it will mean it will be almost im-possible for the President to negotiate a nuclear agreement with Iran. 
I think most people in this body and 
most people in America believe that the best course is a negotiated agree-ment with Iran. The unintended con-sequences of this amendment would make it virtually impossible to have that agreement completed. 
So, yes, we could get into debate on 
the specifics of your amendment. I am more than happy to do that. But we have an orderly process here, and there are a lot of amendments that have been filed, and we are trying to work out a way to do this. Senator C
ORKER and I 
have been on the floor now for 4 or 5 days debating this issue, and we will debate any Member who wants to come by because we want do make sure we do have an open debate. But we are 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:08 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29AP6.028 S29APPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2505 April 29, 2015 
going to follow an orderly process. And 
this amendment, as well-intended as it is, is an amendment that would very much compromise what we have tried to do in a bipartisan way, and that is to make sure that this Senate and the House have an orderly way to consider any deal struck between our negoti-ating partners and the United States and Iran. That is our responsibility, and we are going to stay focused on that, and we are going to end with a bi-partisan product that is in I think the best traditions of the United States Senate. 
So I respect very deeply my col-
league’s commitment to Israel. I do. 
All of us are committed to Israel, but 
let’s think about what is the most im-portant thing for Israel, and that is having a strong agreement that pre-vents Iran from becoming a nuclear weapon state. Let’s focus on that be-cause that, I think, this bill helps us achieve. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Florida. 
Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, I appre-
ciate the passion of the Senator from Maryland. He makes points that I think are very relevant to debate once we are on the amendment. That is all I am asking for, a vote on the amend-ment. He is making an argument right now why he thinks we should not pass this amendment. 
I respect the orderly process. I did 
not necessarily recognize that coming to the floor and trying to get my amendment pending would somehow unravel this orderly process, but I am more than happy to work within the orderly process, whatever that process entails. I would be more than happy to have it explained to me, where I fit in, in this orderly process, and at the ap-propriate moment we will file the amendment. But I wanted a vote on the amendment, and then the argument you made here today can be made. 
The only other point I would make is 
it is true, tragically, that there are a number of countries in the Middle East that do not recognize Israel’s right to exist. The difference is those countries are not trying to build a nuclear weap-on, nor are they building long-range rockets, nor do they use terrorism as an instrument of statecraft, nor do they every Friday hold ceremonies in which their top leader chants ‘‘Death to Israel’’ and ‘‘Death to America,’’ nor do they actively support terrorist groups around the world that exist for the sole purpose of destroying Israel itself, nor do they have billions of dol-lars in sanctions that are about to be released. 
At the end of the day, there is a big 
difference between what is happening in Iran and the billions of dollars we are about to turn over to them and these other countries that, unfortu-nately, do not recognize Israel’s right to exist but are not going around actu-ally actively trying to destroy the State of Israel. The last point is on the differences in 
the details. Listen, I do not think the fact sheet the State Department put out is sufficient. I think the deal, as described by the President, is not good enough and will not lead to the preven-tion of a nuclear weapon. But all I am asking for in my amendment is for the deal he submits to be the one that he says he negotiated. 
He has told us already we have 
reached a preliminary agreement. He has announced it to the world what that preliminary agreement is. All I am saying is what you submit to us must be what you told us it is. Here is why I say this: Because this negotia-tion has been going on for a while. Every month that goes by, Iran gains more concessions, and our position slips further and further. 
If you look where we were at the be-
ginning of this process to where we are today, it is a very different place from where we were not that long ago. We are in a very different place than we were in terms of what we had origi-nally said. When this whole thing started 10 years ago, 12 years ago, the U.N. Security Council put sanctions on Iran and said you are not even able to enrich or reprocess. Now they are al-lowed to enrich and reprocess. They are even allowed to enrich and reprocess at an even higher rate for research pur-poses. 
If these negotiations keep going on, 
we are going to end up building the bomb for them at the rate it is going, because every year and every month that goes by, they gain more and more concessions. All I am trying do is, at a minimum, freeze this in place and say, Mr. President, you have told us that you have negotiated a deal. Mr. Presi-dent, you put out a fact sheet that told us what the deal is. You have rep-resented it to the American people as the deal, and now all this will say is what you submit to us must be what you told us you agreed to on April 2. Do not come back here in 6 months and submit to us a deal, and as it turns out the Iranian fact sheet is the one we should have been relying on. 
All I am asking, even though I do not 
think that what he has agreed to is suf-ficient—all I am asking in my second amendment is that the deal he submits be the deal he says it is, nothing more and nothing less. 
I hope that through this orderly 
process the moment will arrive, before we vote on passage of this, that my amendments can be heard and voted on. I respect the arguments that others make about why they cannot support them and what they think they will ul-timately do to the process. All I am asking for are votes on these amend-ments, and then everybody is free to vote the way they want and for the rea-sons they want. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Louisiana. 
Mr. VITTER. Mr. President, I can, 
quite frankly, share the Senator from Florida’s frustration, and I urge us to 
fully debate and begin voting on impor-tant amendments to this bill. I am all for any productive, orderly process, but I want it to be productive, to be inclu-sive, and to get going. I share the frus-tration that has been expressed on the floor that that is not quite happening right now. 
In light of that, I want to be assured 
of moving forward and getting a vote on a very important amendment for me. I send a second-degree amendment to the desk, Vitter amendment No. 1186, as modified. I ask that it be a sec-ond-degree amendment to Corker amendment No. 1179 and ask for its im-mediate consideration. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
Corker amendment is not pending. 
Mr. VITTER. Mr. President, I have a 
parliamentary inquiry: What is the pending business? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
pending amendment is amendment No. 1155. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1179 
Mr. VITTER. In that case, I call for 
regular order with respect to the Corker amendment. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
amendment No. 1179 is pending. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1186, AS MODIFIED , TO 
AMENDMENT NO . 1179 
Mr. VITTER. Mr. President, I send 
this second-degree amendment to the desk, Vitter amendment No. 1186, as modified, to be a second-degree amend-ment to Corker amendment No. 1179, and I ask for its immediate consider-ation. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the amendment. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Louisiana [Mr. V ITTER ] 
proposes an amendment numbered 1186, as modified, to amendment No. 1179. 
Mr. VITTER. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the reading of the amendment be dispensed with. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendment, as modified, is as 
follows: 
(Purpose: To require an assessment of inad-
equacies in the international monitoring and verification system as they relate to a nuclear agreement with Iran) 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(C) A
SSESSMENT OF INADEQUACIES IN  
INTERNATIONAL MONITORING AND VERIFICATION  
SYSTEM .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—A report under subpara-
graph (A) shall include an assessment by the Secretary of State, in conjunction with the heads and other relevant officials of agencies with responsibilities under this section, de-tailing existing inadequacies in the inter-national monitoring and verification system to the extent such inadequacies relate to the agreement transmitted pursuant to para-graph (1), as outlined and in accordance with findings and recommendations pertaining to verification shortcomings contained with-in— 
‘‘(I) the September 26, 2006, Government 
Accountability Office report, ‘‘Nuclear Non-proliferation: IAEA Has Strengthened Its 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:22 May 06, 2015 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\S29AP5.REC S29AP5bjneal on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2506 April 29, 2015 
Safeguards and Nuclear Security Programs, 
but Weaknesses Need to Be Addressed’’; 
‘‘(II) the May 16, 2013, Government Ac-
countability Office Report, ‘‘IAEA Has Made Progress in Implementing Critical Programs but Continues to Face Challenges’’; 
‘‘(III) the Defense Science Board Study, 
‘‘Task Force on the Assessment of Nuclear Treaty Monitoring and Verification Tech-nologies’’; 
‘‘(IV) the IAEA Report, The Safeguards 
System of the International Atomic Energy Agency; and the IAEA Safeguards Statement for 2010; 
‘‘(V) the IAEA Safeguards Overview: Com-
prehensive Safeguards Agreements and Addi-tional Protocols; 
‘‘(VI) the IAEA Model Additional Protocol; 
and 
‘‘(VII) the IAEA February 2015 Director 
General Report to the Board of Governors. 
‘‘(ii) R
ECOMMENDATIONS .—The assessment 
required under clause (i) shall include rec-ommendations based upon the reports ref-erenced in such clause, including rec-ommendations to overcome inadequacies or develop an improved monitoring framework and recommendations related to the fol-lowing matters: 
‘‘(I) The nuclear security program’s long- 
term resource needs. 
‘‘(II) A plan for the long-term operation 
and funding of the IAEA and relevant agen-cies increased activities in order to maintain the necessary level of oversight. 
‘‘(III) A potential national strategy and 
implementation plan supported by a plan-ning and assessment team aimed at cutting across agency boundaries or limitations that impact its ability to draw conclusions—with absolute assurance—about whether Iran is developing a clandestine nuclear weapons program. 
‘‘(IV) The limitations of IAEA actors. ‘‘(V) Challenges within the geographic 
scope which may be too large to anticipate within the sanctioned treaty or agreement or the national technical means (NTM) mon-itoring regimes alone. 
‘‘(iii) P
RESIDENTIAL CERTIFICATION .—Not 
later than 30 days after the Secretary of State submits a report under subparagraph (A), the President shall certify to the appro-priate congressional committees and leader-ship that the President has reviewed the Sec-retary’s shortfall assessment required under this subparagraph, including the rec-ommendations contained therein, and has taken necessary actions to address existing gaps within the monitoring and verification framework. 
‘‘(D) C
LASSIFIED ANNEX .—A report under 
Mr. VITTER. I would be happy to ex-
plain the substance of the amendment. 
This is about verification, obviously 
a really crucial part of this debate. Many of us who have concerns about the President’s proposed agreement do not think we have adequate means to verify any agreement in the context and the structure he has proposed. So, clearly, those verification issues are very, very important. 
This amendment tries to address 
those in a substantive and significant and meaningful way. What the amend-ment does is actually specifically lists documented reports from groups such as the IAEA, the U.S. Defense Science Board Task Force, and others, which have highlighted specific verification problems. The amendment would re-quire the President to report in a very detailed, specific way on those docu-mented verification problems and make certifications regarding making 
progress on and solving those verifica-tion problems. 
Again, I think this is absolutely nec-
essary because I believe the present deal, as it is being put together, does not have adequate verification capa-bility. This would help fill that hole. I am not sure it would completely fill that gap, quite frankly, but this is a good-faith attempt to address those very real issues by, again, delineating specific documented verification prob-lems and requiring the President and his administration to address them, to report on that, and to make certifi-cations regarding how they are ad-dressing those specific documented ver-ification problems. 
I urge strong support of this good- 
faith amendment. This would dramati-cally, in my opinion, improve this agreement by helping address those verification concerns. I believe they are very legitimate concerns shared by many people on both sides of the aisle. I urge strong consideration and, ulti-mately, approval of this verification enhancement. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
G
ARDNER ). Without objection, it is so 
ordered. 
Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent to set aside the pending amendment and call up my amendment No. 1180. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
The Senator from Tennessee. Mr. CORKER. Mr. President, I know 
the good Senator from South Dakota knows that we are working with the other side to get a number of amend-ments ready to vote on today, and we certainly appreciate his constructive effort in letting us know what he is doing. 
I object to making it pending because 
the other side—I am doing this on their behalf—wants to work through the tranche that we have right now. 
I hope he discusses his amendment 
and maybe we can make it pending later today. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-
tion is heard. 
The Senator from South Dakota. Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I thank 
the Senator from Tennessee, who is managing this bill. I know they are trying to find a way forward, and I hope that will include getting some votes on amendments, including this one. I think this is a very reasonable amendment and one that certainly fits within what we are trying to accom-plish here. 
The Senate is in the midst of an im-
portant debate. This week we began a discussion on the role of Congress in 
approving or disapproving a nuclear agreement with Iran. Any agreement we reach with Iran must ensure one thing, and that is that Iran will never be able to acquire a nuclear weapon. That should be everything that this discussion is about. 
A nuclear-armed Iran would threaten 
the safety, stability, and security of the entire world. It would also pose a direct threat to the United States and to our allies in the region. Given the stakes of this debate, it is critical that Congress have a role in reviewing any agreement so that the American peo-ple’s voices can be heard. That is really what this is all about—giving the American people a voice on something that is of critical importance to Amer-ica’s national security. 
I thank the chairman and the rank-
ing member of the Senate Foreign Re-lations Committee for forging together a bipartisan path forward to allow for such a congressional review. 
While I support the underlying bill 
and appreciate the work of our bill managers, I do believe the bill could be significantly strengthened, and the amendment I am introducing today will help to do that. 
My amendment, No. 1180, is one way 
that the Senate can strengthen the un-derlying bill. This amendment will re-quire the Secretary of State to verify whether the International Atomic En-ergy Agency, or the IAEA, which would be in charge of inspections in Iran under any agreement, would have ac-cess to Iranian military bases. There have been recent reports that have in-dicated that the Iranian military is hostile to any inspection of military facilities. 
General Hossein Salami, the deputy 
head of Iran’s Revolutionary Guard, re-cently told Iranian media: ‘‘They [the inspectors] will not be permitted to in-spect the most normal military site in their dreams.’’ Again, that statement was made by General Hossein Salami, who is the deputy head of Iran’s Revo-lutionary Guard. 
If the administration enters into an 
agreement that doesn’t guarantee the inspection of Iranian military sites, the American people and our allies in the region will have very little reason to believe that Iran will comply with any agreement. Without such an agree-ment, Iran can conduct research on nu-clear weapons systems on military bases outside the reach of inter-national inspectors. That is not an ac-ceptable scenario. 
We must ensure that any deal with 
Iran is verifiable, enforceable, account-able, and promotes security and sta-bility in the region and around the world. That goal is hard to achieve without a robust inspections regime that allows for international inspec-tions of Iran’s military sites. 
Accordingly, I encourage my col-
leagues to support my amendment, which will help ensure that Iran cannot circumvent an agreement conducting 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:08 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29AP6.001 S29APPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2507 April 29, 2015 
research on nuclear weapons systems 
at military facilities. A nuclear-armed Iran is a threat to the safety, security, and stability of the entire planet. 
I hope that when an agreement about 
how to proceed with regard to amend-ments is reached, this amendment will be included among those amendments that will be debated and voted upon, because I do think it will strengthen the underlying agreement. I certainly look forward to working with my col-leagues on both sides, not only to get this amendment adopted but also to ensure that Iran never acquires a nu-clear weapon. That is first, foremost, and what this always needs to be about. 
With that, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I 
am here on the floor this afternoon with my good friend from North Da-kota, and I want to speak to an issue as it relates to the Iranian sanctions bill that we have on the floor in front of us. 
This is about an issue that so many 
of us care deeply about—about our own domestic production here, about the strength of our economy, about the strength of our national security and how the United States in a global envi-ronment really stands toe-to-toe in good strong competition around the world. I want to speak today about U.S. oil—the ban on U.S. oil—and how this all intersects with Iran, Iranian sanctions, and specifically, the sanc-tions on Iranian oil. 
I am submitting a bipartisan amend-
ment to allow U.S. oil to compete with Iranian oil on the global market. I am pleased to be joined in this effort by Senator H
EITKAMP , Senator H OEVEN , 
Senator L ANKFORD , and, hopefully, oth-
ers, as this discussion progresses. 
Iran’s Government is largely depend-
ent on its exports of oil for its revenue source. It sends oil to countries such as China, Japan, India, and South Korea. The sanctions that have been imposed have really hurt Iran’s economy. They have brought Iran to the table. The sanctions that have been in place have cost the government in Tehran some $40 billion in lost export revenues in 2014 alone, according to the Treasury Department. 
Under the sanctions regime and the 
Joint Plan of Action, countries are still able to purchase Iranian oil, and I don’t think a lot of folks understand that. They think the sanctions are in place and Iran can’t derive a benefit from the oil exports. But in fact, com-panies are still able to purchase Ira-nian oil, up to 1 to 1.1 million barrels per day and—no surprise—countries have purchased up to that limit nearly every month since the JPA was imple-
mented in November of 2013. So sanc-tions are in place, but Iran is still de-riving the benefit of being able to sell Iranian oil to other nations. 
It is worth pointing out that this is 
only possible because the State Depart-ment does not include condensate in its definition of crude oil. If you include the condensate volumes, then the limit of 1.1 million barrels per day was breached back in January of 2014, in February, March, April, and May—not June—in July, September, October, and December, and also in February of 2015, according to reports that came out of the International Energy Agen-cy. 
It simply does not make sense for us 
to lift sanctions on Iranian oil while we keep them on American oil. It just doesn’t make sense that we would tell Iran that we are going to allow these sanctions to be lifted over there, but by keeping our oil export ban in place, we are effectively imposing sanctions on U.S. oil producers. This is a de facto sanctions regime against ourselves. 
Now, one can understand why we 
have imposed sanctions on certain places—on Tehran, Moscow, and Da-mascus. However, we are effectively talking about sanctions on the Per-mian, on the Utica, on the Niobrara, and on regions where we have the abil-ity to produce a resource that helps this country, helps to create jobs, and helps with all aspects of our economy. We are going to say: Iran, OK, we are going to relieve sanctions on you, but we are going to keep in place sanctions on U.S. oil producers. 
So what this amendment does is to 
add a third section to the Corker- Cardin Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act of 2015. It would require a DOE re-port on Iranian crude oil and conden-sate exports. It would then lift the de facto ban on U.S. crude oil and conden-sate exports. It still preserves the emergency authorities of the President to prohibit exports if it is warranted. So there is that safety valve there. 
The deadline for submission of this 
report to Congress would be 60 days fol-lowing the enactment of the act. It would still be required even if an agree-ment with Iran were not reached. It would effectively address two issues— the relative ability of U.S. and Iranian oil producers to compete in the global market, which is pretty important out there, and the extent to which any agreement with Iran would increase Iranian oil exports through the lifting of sanctions. 
As we know, American oil producers 
are generally prohibited from export-ing overseas. Alaska is the one excep-tion to the oil export ban. A very lim-ited amount is exported over the years. Iran, on the other hand, currently ex-ports over 1 million barrels per day of oil onto the global markets. 
Now, we had a hearing in the energy 
committee a week or so ago. The Pre-siding Officer was there. We heard from the U.S. Energy Information Adminis-tration, the EIA. They estimated that 
lifting the sanctions on Iran would in-crease Iranian volume by some 700,000 to 1 million barrels per day. So if we lifted that, EIA estimates that Iran would then be in a situation where they would be able to put out onto the market, basically to new purchasers, 1 million barrels per day. 
Think about what that does—giving 
them new markets for their oil. As they have new markets for their oil, 
they get paid for it. EIA estimates that given the price of Brent being where it is in this range right now, it would be $25 billion per year to Iran from the ability to put that out onto the market and gain new customers—an extra $25 billion. 
How comfortable are we with that? 
How much of that $25 billion is going to fund terrorist organizations, terror-ists, in areas that we are fighting di-rectly and immediately today? What kind of sense does it make that we would say that we will remove sanc-tions on Iran, allowing them to move their product to new customers, gain potentially $25 billion additionally into their treasury to do who knows what with it. 
At the same time, what this does is it 
harms American producers who are un-able to compete with Iranian oil due to this outdated ban on U.S. exports that was imposed 40 years ago. So we are going to let a 40-year-old policy sanc-tion us, sanction our economy and ben-efit Iran’s. Lifting the ban on U.S. oil exports would let American oil com-pete with Iranian oil. It would reduce Iranian revenue from oil exports. It would send a strong signal to U.S. al-lies that still depend on Iranian oil that alternative supplies are available and lower global oil prices which would decrease the price of gasoline and other consumer fuels. 
A few hours ago, on the other side of 
the hallway here, over in the House of Representatives, we heard from the Prime Minister of Japan. Japan is cur-rently purchasing and is able to pur-chase oil from Iran. Don’t you think that our friend Japan would much rather have security and diversity of supply if it were to come from their friend the United States? I sure think so. 
The amendment that we have intro-
duced lifts the ban by requiring, after 30 days have elapsed from the enact-ment of S. 615, that crude oil exports may be authorized on the same basis that they are currently authorized for petroleum products, whether it is gaso-line, diesel, jet fuel or whatever it is. Currently, these petroleum products can be exported without a license. In fact, we are, here in this country, the largest exporter of petroleum products in the world. So think about this as you kind of shake your head and say: What is going on here? We are the larg-est exporter of refined products, but yet we impose a flat ban—an outright ban—on the crude itself. 
So, again, we have a safety valve in 
the amendment that preserves the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:52 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29AP6.034 S29APPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2508 April 29, 2015 
President’s emergency authority, 
which is derived from the International Emergency Economic Powers Act, the National Emergencies Act, and the En-ergy Policy and Conservation Act. They prohibit exports, under these var-ious proposals, if needed for the safety and security of the Nation. We do not touch those. We do not impact them in that amendment at all. 
So it is important to recognize that 
what we are doing here is we are look-ing at an outdated policy that is 40- years old. We are moving into present time and space, where we have a situa-tion with a country that we have tried desperately to bring to the table to be a nation that will work with us rather than against us. Yet part of what we are considering is an action that would remove sanctions on them and con-tinue to keep in place sanctions on this country. 
It makes no sense to me. I would 
hope that my colleagues would con-sider it. I know that my colleague from North Dakota has given great thought to this, has great understanding about the issue, and also has great passion about how we ensure that from a na-tional security perspective we are cov-ered in all corners. 
So I would ask my colleague from 
North Dakota, as she has reviewed an antiquated and an outdated policy, and being from a producing State such as North Dakota, where she is working to advance the opportunities not only for North Dakotans but for people all over this country, how people in North Da-kota feel when it is suggested that we are imposing, effectively, domestic sanctions on them, while at the same time we would relieve sanctions on Iran. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from North Dakota. 
Ms. HEITKAMP. Mr. President, I 
want to thank my good friend from Alaska for giving me an opportunity to talk about this policy of sanctions that is wrong, wrong, wrong on so many lev-els. When we first looked at it, we need to understand that the embargo, or the limitation on the exportation of crude oil in this country, is a policy decision made by the President—initially, President Nixon—in response to a num-ber of producers going around oil price support controls. 
So this is a 1970’s policy. Unfortu-
nately, when we transitioned away from price supports for crude oil, we never removed this embargo, we never removed this restriction. That was a mistake at that time. It continues to be a colossal mistake for our growth towards energy independence in this country and our ability to use our en-ergy and our oil for soft power and to actually provide a consistent and ready supply of crude oil to our allies so they are not beholden, not only to Iran, but to countries such as Russia. 
So it is critically important that we 
examine some of the concerns that peo-ple have about lifting the embargo. Ob-viously, in North Dakota, we do not see any logic, because we are kind of a 
commonsense State. We do not see any logic behind not allowing crude oil to be exported but allowing every refined product that we could produce in this country access to a foreign market. 
That makes absolutely no sense. If 
the logic behind this is to try and maintain stability and a lower gasoline price, then we should lock down gaso-line and we should not export gasoline. The antiquated policy that we are talk-
ing about today did not have a lot of logic after we deregulated oil. It has even less logic in the dangerous world we live in. We know that so many of our foreign enemies rely on oil revenue basically to fund their terrorism ac-tivities, to fund their government, to supply the necessary government serv-ices that keep them in power. 
We have an opportunity to say to our 
allies, whether it is Japan or in Eu-rope, don’t worry about whether some-one is going to hold you hostage be-cause you will not be able to heat your homes in the winter or provide gasoline to your communities and your con-sumers. Do not worry about that be-cause we have your back. 
But we cannot have their back if we 
don’t have the ability to export our crude oil. The bottom line is that on every level, in terms of foreign policy, in terms of what we should be in this country—on every level—a policy of maintaining an embargo, a restriction against exports of crude oil makes no common sense—absolutely none. 
But let’s talk about domestic policy 
because I think some of the concerns that have been expressed to me by my colleagues, and I am sure Senator M
UR-
KOWSKI ’s colleagues, have been this: 
Well, won’t this increase gasoline prices? I have to applaud Senator M
UR-
KOWSKI because very early on she heard 
that, and she said: Let’s have some real intellectual work done. Don’t rely on my economics 101. How about we actu-ally get economists from Brookings, economists from the Aspen Institute, economists from all over the country, who have come to one single conclu-sion, which is, that it will not raise gasoline prices. 
In fact, the conclusion is quite the 
opposite—that allowing us access to an international market could, in fact, re-duce gasoline prices. Why would that be, you wonder? Because of the fluke of how we refine crude oil in this country, most of our refineries are based on heavy sour crude. The crude we produce in North Dakota is light sweet crude. We don’t have a big refining ca-pacity for light sweet crude, so we have a price reduction in our country. 
So how are gasoline prices estab-
lished? They are based on that higher crude oil price, because they are refin-ing crude oil that comes in from other places such as Saudi Arabia. They are refining crude oils that come in from Venezuela, and they are charging an appropriate price. Some people would say there is a little bit of price creep here as we are looking at gasoline prices. The ability to get our crude to mar-
ket is absolutely critical. Now, there are a lot of people who also think that we should keep a captive market on a lot of our resources. We have heard this argument in natural gas, and we heard this argument in crude oil. They said: We should have a captive market. I have a constant reply. I say: I have a lot of hog farmers who like low corn prices. The solution for low corn prices has never been not to export corn. 
This is the only commodity that is 
traded on a global price that does not have the ability to find its market. Now, what is the consequence of that? I would tell you, to my friend from Alaska, and I think she sees this, one of the things I sincerely believe is that the ability to produce oil—our domes-tic production of oil—had a lot to do with driving Iran to the negotiating table. 
They saw that we could, in fact, infil-
trate the market and take market share. That is threatening to a lot of the former OPEC countries that are wanting that captive market. If we had access to that market, we would be sending a message. So why don’t we do the right thing here? Why don’t we un-derstand how this export ban on Amer-ican crude oil is restricting our ability to use crude oil as an appropriate soft power opportunity? Why don’t we talk about how actually allowing for the ex-port of crude oil could drive down gaso-line prices in the United States of America and continue the energy ren-aissance? 
If we cannot find our market, if we 
cannot find our market in North Da-kota for this production, guess what happens? It either goes into storage or it gets shut in where it is, which is in the field. Hundreds of thousands of jobs will be lost. But more importantly, our energy security in this country will be jeopardized and harmed. 
This policy of opening up this restric-
tion is so right on so many levels. I ap-plaud the Senator from Alaska for bringing it forth in this context. I think it is critical to talk about it in this context. But I also applaud her for all of the work she has done and we have supported, as she has built out the case—the economic case—for why this policy makes no sense at any level. 
It is wrongheaded. It is time to 
change it. This is an opportunity. We will not end because it is only fair to every oilfield worker out there, it is only fair to every owner of a royalty or minerals in place, it is fair to every op-erator, and it is fair to the people of this country to engage in trade, level the playing field, and make sure we are telling our friends and allies that they don’t have to buy their oil from coun-tries that threaten their security every day. We have a supply of oil that can readily be exported and provided to them. 
I thank my good friend from Alaska 
for her continued advocacy on behalf of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:52 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29AP6.037 S29APPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2509 April 29, 2015 
consumers of this country and her con-
tinued advocacy on behalf of an en-ergy-appropriate policy in the United States of America. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Alaska. 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I 
thank my colleague from North Da-kota. She has articulated the case so well not only from a domestic perspec-tive but from the international per-spective as well. We need to appreciate that as we are recognized as a nation, as that superpower when it comes to our military strength and all those who serve us have to offer, that we are also an energy superpower. We have not yet embraced that as a responsi-bility, as an obligation to use that not only to our advantage but to the ad-vantage of our friends and allies around the globe. That is an important transition, transformation we need to make. 
We are mired down in policies that 
are decades old, based on history that is no longer relevant given the geo-politics of today. We have an oppor-tunity to wake up to where we can be, how we can lead from an international perspective. It can begin with the strength of our energy and our energy resources, but we have to believe in our own possibilities. Right now, I think we are lagging in that. 
I appreciate all that my colleague is 
doing in this effort to help educate peo-ple. I recognize that it takes a little bit of time to recalibrate the thinking, but we are doing that, and we are doing it for the right reason, based on common sense, based on strength of the econ-omy, and based on national security, which should be our primary consider-ation right now. We will never have sufficient boots on the ground or budg-et for defense to be everywhere many would like to be around the globe. What other assets do we have? What else can we contribute? It can begin with our energy resources. 
So we have great opportunities, and I 
forward to further discussions about not only what we are proposing in this amendment but how we can lead as a nation in the energy sector. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. L
EE). 
The Senator from Oregon. 
FDA TOBACCO DEEMING REGULATIONS  
Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, I rise 
to draw attention to the dangers of new and insidious tobacco products that are ensnaring our youth and to urge the FDA to take long overdue ac-tion to protect our children from these products. 
First, I thank the Senators for com-
ing to the floor today to join in making this critically important point. Sen-ator B
OXER is present, and she will be 
speaking next. Other Senators are planning to join us. So I appreciate their lifting their voices on this impor-tant issue. 
Dr. Richard Wender, the chief cancer 
control officer for the American Cancer Society, said last year, on the occasion of the 50th anniversary of the land-
mark Surgeon General report on smok-ing and health, that ‘‘the single great-est threat to the future control of to-bacco is complacency.’’ 
We are here today to call attention 
to a dangerous complacency that threatens the lives of our children, a complacency in completing rules that are essential to protecting our children from a lifetime of nicotine addiction. We are on the floor of the Senate today because this week marks the 1-year an-niversary of the Food and Drug Admin-istration’s proposed ‘‘deeming regula-tions’’ on tobacco. Deeming regula-tions essentially say the FDA has the power to do what the law gave them to do in 2009 when we passed the act. These critical regulations have yet to be finalized, and it appears that there are not going to be finalized regula-tions this month or next or the month after despite the fact that we are now 6 years into this rulemaking regulation process. 
Six years is a very long time. In 6 
years, a lot of young Americans have become addicted to nicotine products. In 6 years, the industry has made huge strides in inventing new products de-signed to attract our children. In 6 years, a lot could have been done, and nothing has been done. 
These critical regulations have not 
been completed, and it is time for the FDA and the administration to make getting this done a priority. This is one of the things that can truly impact the health of the next generation. 
The tobacco industry is, as Judge 
Kessler said in United States v. Philip Morris, ‘‘an industry . . . that survives, and profits, from selling a highly ad-dictive product which causes diseases that lead to a staggering number of deaths per year, an immeasurable amount of human suffering and eco-nomic loss, and a profound burden on our national health care system.’’ 
That is why, when it comes to to-
bacco and public health, the best way to save lives 20 or 30 or 40 years down the line is to prevent young Americans from becoming addicted to tobacco products today. But Big Tobacco knows this as well. They know that the best way to create a lifelong, reliable customer for their deadly product is to get our children hooked as young as possible. Now the industry refers to our children as ‘‘replacement smokers’’ to replace those who are dying. That is why they are working day and night to come up with new strategies and new products to keep kids in the pipeline, to keep new replacement smokers com-ing forward. They use cigars, cigarillos, tobacco candy, and snus. 
Now they have the real winner—e- 
cigarettes. These products, such as fla-vored cigars, cost as little as 99 cents and are sold in colorful or cool pack-aging and come in flavors such as bub-ble gum, cotton candy, wild cherry, grape, candy apple, blueberry, choco-late, peach, and gummy bear e-ciga-rettes. Many of these products are cheaper and more accessible than ciga-
rettes, and the candy-flavored versions are preferred overwhelmingly by young people. 
This is a chart which shows the bot-
tles of liquid nicotine that fuel these e- cigarettes. We have everything here from cotton candy to coffee. You name it, it is there. These are not flavors de-signed to appeal to adults; this is all about forming addiction in our chil-dren. 
A new study released by the CDC this 
month found, alarmingly, that e-ciga-rette use had tripled among middle and high school students in just 1 year. In 2011, 1.5 percent; it doubled in the course of a year to 2.8 percent. It in-creased substantially in the year 2012 and 2013, and then we see it soared. E- cigarettes and vape shops have ex-ploded across the county, and that has profound consequences for our chil-dren. Nearly one in seven high school students has used an e-cigarette in the last 30 years. That is 2 million teen-agers nationwide, 2 million of our chil-dren responding to this very deliberate targeting by this demonic industry. 
We have the power to do something 
about this. The FDA has power to do something about this because we, the legislature, gave it to them in 2009. 
It is true that the long-term health 
effects of smoking e-cigarettes are yet to be fully calculated because it is a newer product, but there are some troubling studies we should pay atten-tion to. What we know today is that nicotine is highly poisonous and that this vast, unregulated market of nico-tine liquids threatens public health im-mediately. 
Since 2011, poison calls related to e- 
cigarettes have skyrocketed—271 in 2011 to 3,808 poison calls in 2014, again showing the exploding use of this prod-uct. This industry doesn’t even put this liquid nicotine into childproof con-tainers. One brand called JJuice looks like little bottles of juice. It says ‘‘juice’’ on it. Yet, it is deadly if a child takes off that cap and drinks it. There were 14 times more poisonings in 2014 than in 2011, and yes, people die. A tod-dler died of nicotine poisoning just last December, and there were lots of close calls. 
But tobacco companies see opportu-
nities in these unregulated markets. They see opportunities to appeal to kids directly, market to kids more eas-ily, and to sell to kids with fewer bar-riers. 
There is no Federal law in place 
about the age at which children can buy e-cigarettes or the liquids that go into them. So it has been up to local communities to try to fill in those gaps, and they have been trying to do so, trying to catch up with the prob-lem. The industry of e-cigarettes has exploited these opportunities. 
This is where we are. Time is ticking. 
E-cigarette use is rising. And the rising numbers on this chart aren’t just num-bers, they represent our children, kids who every day, when we don’t act, are 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:52 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29AP6.041 S29APPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2510 April 29, 2015 
more at risk for a lifetime of dangerous 
addiction. This is 100 percent unequivo-cally unacceptable. 
So to the FDA, to Health and Human 
Services, and to the Obama administra-tion, it is time to quit stalling. Chil-dren are getting addicted, children are dying, and children will die more from nicotine diseases in the decades ahead. It is unacceptable. 
No more complacency. Let’s get it 
done, have it be the top item you wake up to fix every day. We expect more. I urge the administration to act quickly. Let’s get these rules done. 
It is a pleasure to yield the floor to 
my colleague from California, who has been a tremendous champion on this topic and will provide her insights. I am so delighted that she is on the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from California. 
Mrs. BOXER. Mr. President, I thank 
Senator M
ERKLEY for his leadership. 
This is an issue which is not getting 
the attention it should be getting, and we hope today, with the series of speeches we will start to make now, to wake up America to this threat. 
I have a bill that would ban the ad-
vertising of these cigarettes to chil-dren. Senator M
ERKLEY showed you 
and told you the names. Let’s take a look at that again. Can anyone really tell you with a straight face that these marketers are not going after children? Cotton candy, gummy bear, and popsicle—those are the flavors. I mean, we really were not born yesterday. This is what they are doing. 
This is a moment for us—parents, 
grandparents, loving aunts and un-cles—to stand up and say no to this. There are ways to do it. 
Before I get into those ways, I thank 
Senators C
ORKER and C ARDIN for their 
extraordinary leadership on the under-lying bill in Iran that is on the floor. I express my thanks to the entire com-mittee, both sides of the aisle of the Foreign Relations Committee. I have been on that committee the longest of anyone else, and this was a tough time. Everyone had a different position, and everyone was in a corner. We all came together, and we crafted a delicate compromise that essentially allows the Senate and the House to vote on what-ever agreement may emerge. I say ‘‘may.’’ We don’t know if there will be one from the administration on Iran’s nuclear weapons. We know that if we go down the path of poison pill amend-ments, this whole thing could be lost. 
I will close this little part and get 
right to the e-cigarettes with this. 
I was listening to Senator R
UBIO, 
whom I work with on the committee, and I love to work with him on issues where we find agreement, but he got up here and he said: All I want is a vote on my amendment, and we all know his amendment will derail this very deli-cately balanced agreement. He said: All I am asking for is a vote. And he said very eloquently: If you don’t want to vote, don’t be a Senator. And I thought: You are right about that. 
Then I checked his voting record and he stopped us voting on nominees 18 times in December alone. 
So I say to my friends: Don’t come 
down here and preach to us about the fact that we are trying to keep poison pills off this for the good of the world, to stop a war; OK? And don’t tell us we are stopping you, when you stopped a lot of us 18 times in December alone and once on Loretta Lynch—once on the new Attorney General. I had to say that. 
Mr. President, when I turn on the tel-
evision, I don’t know if it is 2015 or 1950. Tobacco companies are preying again on our youth. Just as we should be celebrating the decline of youth cig-arette smoking rates, a new product is taking our high schools and middle schools by storm and they are called e- cigarettes. 
As Senator M
ERKLEY so well ex-
plained, we are seeing a startling in-crease in the use of these cigarettes by our teens, with 2.5 million teens using them—2.5 million teens. If we do noth-ing, the CDC says that every year an-other 1
1⁄2million kids are going to be 
using e-cigarettes. 
Now, what are they exposed to? Let 
us be clear, nicotine. We know nicotine is very dangerous to adolescent brain development. Let me say that again. Nicotine is very dangerous to adoles-cent brain development. In addition to nicotine, e-cigarettes have—and I hope young people are listening, including the ones right here—potentially dan-gerous chemicals, and chemicals we al-ready know are dangerous, such as ben-zene, cadmium, formaldehyde, pro-pylene glycol, and they also have nano-particles that are present in tradi-tional cigarettes—this all according to my health department in California. 
Now, we already saw how these chil-
dren are lured. They are lured by the cigarette companies. And by the way, the big cigarette companies—and I will finish in 1 minute and this is critical— have bought up the e-cigarette compa-nies. I wrote to the executives and I said: Please, for the good of your chil-dren and my children and my grand-children, don’t advertise on television. 
If you ever saw these ads on TV, Sen-
ator M
ERKLEY , and Mr. President, you 
would just think that e-cigarettes were curing all the illnesses of the world. Well, they are not. They are not, and the studies that are already coming out are quite alarming. Sales to minors should be banned, and 42 of our States have done so, but it is not nationwide. Online sales should be banned. Compa-nies should not be advertising. 
We have a potential crisis on our 
hands, and I will be working with Sen-ator M
ERKLEY , Senator B LUMENTHAL , 
and all of my colleagues because we were not born yesterday. We have seen this movie before and we want our kids to be healthy. The FDA can take a stand by finalizing the proposed regula-tion today. Too many lives have been endangered while we stand here wait-ing. Last month, more than 5,000 of my 
constituents signed a petition urging FDA to regulate e-cigarettes. Some of them told me why they were con-cerned, and I would like to share the words of Californian parents and teach-ers. 
Susan from Long Beach wrote: 
I am a 7th grade health teacher and it is 
clear that students think ‘‘vaping’’ is okay and a healthy alternative to smoking. Shops selling e-cigarettes have popped up in all the stores around their neighborhoods adver-tising their products. A clear message needs to be sent that e-cigarettes are not for chil-dren under the age of 18. 
Judith from Fairfield wrote: 
I teach high school, and too many students 
are using e-cigarettes, thinking they are safer than regular cigarettes. In the mean-time, they are getting addicted to nicotine, and putting them at risk for a lifetime of im-pacts to their health. 
Sondra from Corona wrote: 
I have worked in our local high schools for 
almost 15 years. The e-cigarettes definitely need to be regulated for people under 18. I am consistently told by students that ‘‘these are better’’ than traditional cigarettes. They don’t realize the harm and the addictive qualities are still present. 
Bob from Cathedral City wrote: 
We need to know what health and/or safety 
dangers are associated with e-cigarettes. 
And finally Julie from Huntington 
Beach wrote: 
My 14-year-old son was offered an e-cig. 
They are too easy for children to get. 
My constituents deserve Federal 
oversight of e-cigarettes. To protect the public health and our children, I join my colleagues and urge the Ad-ministration to finalize the pending regulation. I also call upon Congress to advance legislation that protects con-sumers from the health consequences of e-cigarettes. The data does not lie. We cannot wait another day. 
Mr. CORKER. Mr. President, I thank 
the Senator from California for her kindness and my apologies for all the talking in the background. 
Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, we 
should be doing everything we can to ensure that our children are safe from products that harm their health. Thanks to life-saving public health interventions, and FDA regulation under the Family Smoking Prevention and Tobacco Control Act, we have seen reduced smoking rates among young people across the country. But, unfor-tunately, in recent years tobacco com-panies have found new ways to target children, through the promotion of e- cigarettes and other unregulated to-bacco products. 
Last year, the FDA took an impor-
tant initial step toward regulating these products with its proposed to-bacco deeming rule. But, we are here today, a full year later, without a fi-nalized rule to help ensure tobacco companies aren’t profiting off of sell-ing our children an addictive, hugely harmful bill of goods. 
Today, tobacco companies are mar-
keting e-cigarettes with celebrity en-dorsements and cartoons that are 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:52 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29AP6.042 S29APPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2511 April 29, 2015 
geared toward a younger audience— 
using tactics that they are banned from using to promote traditional ciga-rettes. They are producing kid-enticing candy and drink flavored products, which we know children are more like-ly to use. In fact, because they are un-regulated, children can go online and buy them without their parents know-ing. 
Mr. President, it is unacceptable that 
e-cigarette companies are using the same tactics that tobacco companies used for years to promote smoking. So we should be doing everything we can to right this wrong, and prevent our youngest generation from becoming a new generation of smokers. 
We know just how harmful and ad-
dictive these products can be and I am proud my home State of Washington has begun to regulate these products and is taking strong steps towards combatting their use among children. 
But, there is still much more work to 
do to across the country to keep e-ciga-rettes and other unregulated tobacco products out of the hands of our kids, and that work starts with making sure the FDA finalizes its deeming rule. 
So I stand with all of my colleagues 
today to urge the FDA to move quickly to finalize and implement last year’s proposed rule, and put in place restric-tions that would: 
Prevent marketing targeted to mi-
nors, 
Eliminate the sale of flavored e-ciga-
rettes that appeal to children, 
And end online sales. 
These would be strong steps to fur-
ther protect our children and I look forward to working with my col-leagues, and the FDA to ensure they are implemented as quickly as pos-sible. 
Mr. REED. Mr. President, I am glad 
to join with several of my colleagues to talk about electronic cigarettes and the Food and Drug Administration’s, FDA, role in regulating these products. 
Over the last year, e-cigarette use 
among high school students has tripled from 4.5 percent to 13.4 percent, accord-ing to recent CDC data. In fact, re-search from the University of Michi-gan’s annual Monitoring the Future survey shows that in 2014 more teen-agers reported using e-cigarettes than traditional tobacco products. One year ago, the FDA took an important initial step by proposing to regulate e-ciga-rettes, but more must be done to strengthen this rule and ensure that the same practices used by Big Tobacco for years to promote smoking are not used by e-cigarette companies to cre-ate a new generation of smokers. 
I am pleased that the FDA has pro-
posed prohibiting e-cigarette sales to minors, as well as prohibiting vending machine sales and free samples, to pre-vent sales and use by minors. Further, the proposed FDA rule requires e-ciga-rette manufacturers to list product in-gredients and for tobacco products con-taining nicotine to carry an addiction warning label. While I commend FDA on proposing these important steps, 
the rule must be improved to address the marketing of these products to children and e-cigarette flavorings and be finalized as soon as possible. Indeed, I sent a letter last week with nine of my colleagues—many of whom are also speaking about e-cigarettes today— urging the FDA to strengthen and fi-nalize this rule. 
E-cigarette companies are taking a 
page out of the Big Tobacco playbook, using celebrity endorsements of their products, cartoons, and advertising in magazines with youth readership and at music festivals and sports events targeted at children. According to a 2014 study in the journal Pediatrics, ex-posure to e-cigarette marketing by children aged 12 to 17 increased by 256 percent between 2011 and 2013, exposing 24 million children to e-cigarette ad-vertisements. In this context, it is unsurprising that youth use of e-ciga-rettes has skyrocketed during the same timeframe. It is well known that to-bacco advertising influences consumer behavior, especially that of children, so it is my hope that the final e-cigarette deeming rule will address this issue. 
As for the use of candy, soft drink, 
fruit, and other flavors in e-cigarettes, the FDA itself acknowledged in the proposed rule that children are the most likely to be attracted by and use these flavored tobacco products. The Family Smoking Prevention and To-bacco Control Act prohibits these kinds of flavorings from being used in traditional cigarettes and that same scrutiny should be applied to e-ciga-rettes and refill liquids so that children are not attracted to these products. 
We have come a long way since I pro-
posed legislation in the late 1990s to deny tobacco companies tax deductions for advertising to children. I was an original cosponsor of the Family Smoking Prevention and Tobacco Con-trol Act, which became law in 2009 and incorporated the goals of my bill to keep the tobacco industry from tar-geting children as new customers. This law provides the FDA with the explicit authority to protect the public from deceptive cigarette advertisements, prevents the targeting of minors, and removes certain harmful ingredients from cigarettes. 
This was an important effort. But we 
must be ever vigilant and continue to address new tobacco-related concerns as they arise, such as e-cigarettes. Until the deeming rule is finalized, e- cigarettes will continue to operate completely unregulated, with an in-creasing number of children taking up this addictive habit every day. I look forward to continuing to work with my colleagues on the issue and I join them in strongly urging the FDA to strengthen and finalize the e-cigarette deeming rule quickly so that the agen-cy can begin regulating these tobacco products. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent that the time until 5:25 p.m. today be equally divided in the usual form and that it be in order to call up the 
following amendment: Barrasso No. 1147; further, I ask that following the use or yielding back of time, the Sen-ate vote on the amendment; that there be no second-degree amendments in order to the amendment and that there be a 60-affirmative-vote threshold for the adoption of the amendment. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1147 TO AMENDMENT NO . 1140 
Mr. CORKER. Mr. President, on be-
half of Senator B ARRASSO , I call up 
amendment No. 1147. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Tennessee [Mr. C ORKER ], 
for Mr. B ARRASSO , for himself, Mr. J OHNSON , 
Mr. R ISCH, Mr. R UBIO, Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. 
TOOMEY , Mr. S ULLIVAN , Mr. L EE, Mr. C RUZ, 
and Mr. S ASSE, proposes an amendment num-
bered 1147 to amendment No. 1140. 
Mr. CORKER. I ask unanimous con-
sent that the reading of the amend-ment be dispensed with. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendment is as follows: 
(Purpose: To require a certification that Iran 
has not directly supported or carried out an act of terrorism against the United States or a United States person anywhere in the world) 
On page 17, between lines 21 and 22, insert 
the following: 
‘‘(v) Iran has not directly supported or car-
ried out an act of terrorism against the United States or a United States person any-where in the world; and 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Wyoming. 
Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I cer-
tainly appreciate the hard work done by Senator C
ORKER and Senator C ARDIN  
and their efforts on getting this bill to the floor in a bipartisan way through the committee and bringing it up for a vote. 
The amendment I am bringing today 
is something that was in the bipartisan agreed-upon bill that was introduced in the first place, with nine Democratic cosponsors. Then, this specific compo-nent, dealing with terrorism and the certification of terrorism, was removed in the managers’ package as it went to committee. So I think it is important and there is bipartisan support for what I am doing. This amendment basi-cally restores—restores—the terrorism certification that was in the original bipartisan Senate bill. 
Every 90 days, the President will be 
required under this amendment to cer-tify to Congress that Iran has not di-rectly supported or carried out an act of terrorism against the United States or against an American citizen any-where in the world. If there is evidence of terrorist activity by Iran against us, then Congress will have a more stream-lined process to address it. 
Right now there a number of dif-
ferent reports that have to be made to Congress as a result of this bipartisan legislation. This was the only one that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:59 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29AP6.047 S29APPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2512 April 29, 2015 
was removed in the managers’ package. 
I think it is very important the Amer-ican people get regular certifications from the President on this important point. Congress and the American peo-ple need to know if Iran is directly sup-porting acts of terrorism against our country and our people. If they are, I believe Congress must have an oppor-tunity to respond quickly. 
There actually have been some 
changes in the legislation to require some additional reporting components with relation to terrorism. I agree it is an improvement, but reports to Con-gress with information and evidence of Iran’s terrorist activities are critically important, and I think it is even more critical for the President of the United States to acknowledge Iran’s actions and for Congress to be able to have the opportunity to respond quickly. That is why I believe this amendment is so important. 
Congress can always do more to en-
sure the safety and security of our citi-zens, but we must make it clear to Iran that Congress will be able to respond immediately to terrorist actions against us. I am restoring this oppor-tunity with my amendment and recom-mending an ‘‘aye’’ vote. 
I thank the Chair. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Maryland. 
Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, first, let 
me thank Senator B
ARRASSO for the 
way he has worked with our com-mittee, the way he has worked with us on the floor to get this amendment pending. We had a chance to debate this amendment yesterday, and today we have debated it. So I think the issue has been well debated. 
I certainly agree with the intent of 
the sponsor of the amendment. As a re-sult of his work in our committee, we have strengthened the reporting re-quirements on Iran’s terrorist activi-ties, which I have read into the R
ECORD  
before. It is very strong, and it has been strengthened as a result of the managers’ amendment that Senator C
ORKER and I worked on. 
We also have an assessment on Iran’s 
human rights violations. We make it clear that nothing in an agreement would affect the sanctions imposed against Iran for its terrorist activities, its ballistic missiles or its human rights violations. So all those tools are available to us. 
I object to this amendment because 
it affects the underlying bill itself. It jeopardizes the bill because it requires the President to make a certification that, in fact, he will probably not be able to make. Therefore, it not only jeopardizes the bill, it jeopardizes the ability to have a negotiated agreement and it weakens our position inter-nationally and makes it less likely we can get Iran to give up its nuclear weapons program. 
For all those reasons, I urge my col-
leagues to vote no on the amendment. We have already covered this in the no-tice requirements that have been pro-vided in S. 615. It is an issue we all care 
about. This amendment, though well intended, would not advance it, and I urge my colleagues to defeat the amendment. 
I yield back all of our time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is on agreeing to the amend-ment. 
Mr. CARDIN. I ask for the yeas and 
nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator 
is necessarily absent: the Senator from Wyoming (Mr. E
NZI). 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there 
any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? 
The result was announced—yeas 45, 
nays 54, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 168 Leg.] 
YEAS—45 
Ayotte 
Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Cochran Collins Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Ernst Fischer 
Gardner Grassley Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kirk Lankford Lee McConnell Moran Murkowski Paul Portman 
Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Sessions Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Vitter Wicker 
NAYS—54 
Alexander Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Boxer Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coats Coons Corker Donnelly Durbin Feinstein Flake Franken 
Gillibrand Graham Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCain McCaskill Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murphy 
Murray Nelson Perdue Peters Reed Reid Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—1 
Enzi 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order requiring 60 votes for the adoption of this amendment, the amendment is rejected. 
Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, as we 
discuss the Iran nuclear agreement and the President’s administration is at-tempting to negotiate the agreement, I come to the floor of the Senate to re-mind Coloradans, and indeed Ameri-cans, about some of the activities that have taken place in our relationship with Iran over the past several decades. 
Following the Islamic Revolution in 
Iran, the ruling mullahs held 52 Amer-ican diplomats hostage for 444 days, re-leasing them only on January 20, 1981, the day that President Ronald Reagan was sworn into office. Two years later, on April 18, 1983, a truck ladened with explosives rammed into the U.S. Em-
bassy in Beirut, Lebanon, killing 17 Americans. On October 23, 1983, there was a similar attack on the U.S. Ma-rine barracks in Beirut which killed 241 American servicemen. Overwhelm-ingly, the evidence led to Iran and its wholly owned subsidiary Hezbollah as the perpetrator of these attacks. 
Several weeks ago, we had the oppor-
tunity to visit with Prime Minister Netanyahu in Israel to discuss the ne-gotiations that were taking place and the details of the negotiations. Those details have emerged in a couple of pages of documents which were re-leased by the White House. But they are still lacking in great detail and in the specifics of the framework. 
Prime Minister Netanyahu described 
the negotiations to be a dance of porcu-pines in the Middle East. There is con-cern about the negotiations and where they would lead. Indeed, the Prime Minister made the comment that Iran is now putting its finger on the jugular of the world. Over the past 24 to 48 hours, we have indeed seen that happen in the Strait of Hormuz and with the boarding by Iran of a cargo ship that falls under the protective umbrella of the United States of America. 
So we continue to see an Iranian re-
gime that has not changed in more than 30 years. It has not changed in the last 48 hours. They have targeted and killed Americans during the Iraq war, supported Shiite militias, and supplied deadly explosives that have been used to kill and target our troops. Iran con-tinues to prop up the murderous Assad regime in Syria. They regularly threat-en to wipe Israel off the map and abuse the human rights of their own people. They have imprisoned Americans, re-porters, and refused to release them. 
There is no doubt that we must avoid 
a nuclear Iran and do everything in our power to make sure that Iran doesn’t possess a nuclear infrastructure. But the questions that we have today lead more and more to a conclusion that they will continue to maintain a nu-clear infrastructure. 
Secretary Schultz and Secretary Kis-
singer made it very clear in an op-ed they wrote for the Wall Street Journal several weeks ago. We have entered this negotiation and somehow siloed off or bifurcated the issue of political restraint with nuclear restraint. We have somehow decided we will have tunnelvision on one issue without ac-knowledging, admitting or negotiating the other acts of violence, death, and destruction that the Iran regime has pursued for not just 30 years ago, not just 15 years ago, and there is also what is happening around the world and in the Middle East today. 
I hope we can emerge from these ne-
gotiations with a strong deal, a deal that allows us the inspection of mili-tary bases without question upon de-mand, and with the fact that we will remove their nuclear infrastructure, that we can assure that they are no longer a regime that is leading state- 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:52 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29AP6.054 S29APPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2513 April 29, 2015 
sponsored efforts to wipe Israel off the 
map, and that we can indeed protect Americans from the reign of terror that has been a state-sponsored effort. 
There is nothing less that we should 
ask of this administration or any ad-ministration. We need to protect the American people. At the negotiating table—when we sit 2 or 3 feet across from the people with whom we are ne-gotiating—we cannot ignore what is happening through state-sponsored ter-rorism. We cannot ignore the cargo ships in the Strait of Hormuz that have been stormed. We cannot ignore what has happened in Yemen or Hezbollah. We cannot ignore the reality that we face today of an Iran that has not changed in 30 years. 
The fact is our sanctions have 
worked, and the fact is that increased sanctions could work as well. I hope be-fore this negotiation is signed off and agreed to, they will realize who is mak-ing the negotiations happen and pos-sible and that more needs to be done to protect Americans and protect the world from an Iran that simply doesn’t have a dangerous threat posed to us from nuclear weapons but which poses the danger through state-sponsored terrorism which they continue to pur-sue today. 
I thank the Presiding Officer for the 
time. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS 
Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Senate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S
UL-
LIVAN ). Without objection, it is so or-
dered. 
f 
REMEMBERING MICHAEL W. 
DOWNING 
Ms. AYOTTE. Mr. President, today I 
rise to recognize the exceptional serv-ice and the extraordinary life of Rock-ingham County High Sheriff Michael ‘‘Mike’’ W. Downing of Salem, NH, who passed away recently following his bat-tle with cancer. 
Sheriff Downing was a knowledge-
able, respected and compassionate pub-lic safety professional, a problem solv-er, and a concerned community mem-ber. He was one of a kind, and was be-loved by everyone who knew him. 
Raised in Salem, Mike attended 
Saint Joseph’s School and graduated from Salem High School in 1972. He went on to serve our Nation as a mem-ber of the U.S. Army 82nd Airborne Di-vision, after which Mike began what would be a long career of service to the State of New Hampshire, first as a N.H. State trooper after graduating from the 47th New Hampshire Police Acad-emy. He continued his career in law en-forcement service, joining the Salem Police Department where he rose to the rank of detective sergeant. Mike was a graduate of the Command Train-ing Institute at Babson College, and 
earned an associate’s degree from Southern New Hampshire University and a bachelor’s degree from Franklin Pierce College. 
After his retirement from the Salem 
Police Department, Mike continued his public service through his work in the State legislature. He served three terms as a State representative and then served two terms as a State sen-ator, where he held the position of sen-ate minority leader. In 2010, Mike re-turned to his law enforcement roots and was elected the High Sheriff of Rockingham County. Downing was serving in his third term as sheriff at the time of his passing. 
In addition to his professional and 
elected service to the State of New Hampshire, Mike was very active in his local community. He gave generously of his time and energy as the 301st cap-tain commanding of the Ancient and Honorable Artillery Company of Mas-sachusetts, an ASA Salem softball coach, a NH Little League coach, a member of the Knights of Columbus, trustee of Amvets Post 2, a past presi-dent and board member of Salem Haven Nursing Home and Silverthorne Adult Daycare, a member of the Rock-ingham County Law Enforcement As-sociation, Rockingham County Chiefs of Police Association, International Chiefs of Police Association, the Na-tional Sheriffs’ Association, the NH Sheriffs’ Association and a founding board member of Isaiah 58, a nonprofit organization focused on helping the homeless population of Rockingham County. 
Most recently, he was honored as the 
2015 recipient of the Chief John P. Ganley Community Service Award which is presented to an individual ‘‘who has exhibited concern, involve-ment and leadership in the community of Salem; while providing inspiration to others, through his or her dedica-tion, integrity and courage in the man-ner exemplified by Chief John P. Ganley during his life on earth.’’ 
Sheriff Downing leaves behind the 
love of his life, his wife Heidi Downing and their five children, Jennifer, Jes-sica, Kaitlin, Kelsey, and Michael along with six grandchildren, Char-lotte, Bella, Jacob, Logan, TJ, and Max. He also leaves his parents, Del-bert and Teresa Downing. We are all deeply saddened by the loss of our friend Mike, an extraordinary man and proud New Hampshire son who served our State and Nation with honor, cour-age, and dedication. He represented the very best of our State, and I ask my colleagues to join me in sending Heidi and her family our deepest condolences and our gratitude for Mike’s life of service to the people of New Hamp-shire. 
Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that Senator S
AND-
ERSand I be permitted to engage in a 
colloquy. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. COMMUNITY HEALTH CENTERS 
Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, last 
week marked an important step as we worked in a bipartisan manner to im-prove the lives of survivors of traf-ficking. We were able to move the Jus-tice for Victims of Trafficking Act for-ward and help provide direct supports and services for these survivors, thanks to support from the Community Health Center Fund. 
Community health centers are the 
safety net providers of our health care system. In my home State of Wash-ington, they provide full health care services for working families across the State, and they work tirelessly to 
ensure that individuals get the sup-ports and services they need. Commu-nity health centers help keep health care costs down and keep people out of the emergency room by improving health outcomes for the populations they serve. 
Our community health centers were 
strengthened by the work in the Af-fordable Care Act, and I am proud that we were able to once again work to-gether to strengthen them as part of the Medicare and CHIP Reauthoriza-tion Act earlier this year. 
This was a very unique circumstance, 
and it is not a precedent for Congress to draw on the Community Health Cen-ter Fund for other purposes. It is my hope and intention that this was the one and only time Congress draws money from the health center fund to pay for other programs. This funding was intended to keep the health cen-ters program whole so that more than 1,300 health centers nationwide can continue to provide access to care for their patients for the next 2 years. 
Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, as you 
know, I have worked for many years to ensure all Americans have access to primary care. Community health cen-ters are instrumental in providing that access to primary medical, oral, and mental health care. Right now, com-munity health centers provide primary care to 24 million patients in 9,000 un-derserved communities in every State and territory across the country. 
Until last month, health centers were 
facing a 70-percent reduction in fund-ing this fall due to the expiration of the Community Health Center Fund. On an overwhelmingly bipartisan basis, I was very pleased that Congress was able to extend the health center fund in the Medicare and CHIP Reauthoriza-tion Act bill for 2 years to avert this massive cut to the program. 
Although I supported legislation to 
provide funds for victims of traf-ficking, taking money recently allo-cated to community health centers in the SGR bill to pay for health care services for victims of trafficking was not a good solution. Both of these pro-grams serve important populations with significant health care needs, and I understand from those who nego-tiated this agreement that the funding transfer was a special circumstance as a way to move forward on this bill. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:52 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29AP6.048 S29APPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2514 April 29, 2015 
It is my hope and understanding from 
the bill sponsors that this was the one and only time Congress draws money from the Health Center Fund to pay for other programs. 
Mrs. MURRAY. I am proud of the 
progress we have been able to make for survivors of trafficking and that we were able to use community health centers funding to help this very vul-nerable population at a time when they need it the most. 
Mr. WICKER. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that Senator C
ASEY  
and I be permitted to engage in a col-loquy. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
63RD NATIONAL PRAYER 
BREAKFAST 
Mr. WICKER. Mr. President, earlier 
this year, Senator C ASEY and I had the 
honor of serving as the cochairs of the National Prayer Breakfast. The annual event is a longtime tradition that cele-brates the importance of faith and fel-lowship in our lives. This year’s break-fast featured moving prayers, songs, and speeches from a number of notable guests, including race car legend Dar-rell Waltrip. 
Mr. CASEY. Mr. President, Senator 
W
ICKER and I would like to thank all of 
the individuals who were involved in making the 2015 National Prayer Breakfast a great success. Thousands of people from across the country and world participated, including President Obama and His Holiness the Dalai Lama. 
On behalf of Senator W
ICKER and my-
self, I ask unanimous consent that the full transcript be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
63RDNATIONAL PRAYER BREAKFAST , THURS -
DAY, FEBRUARY 5, 2015, W ASHINGTON , DC, 
CO-CHAIRS : SENATOR ROBERT P. C ASEY , JR., 
SENATOR ROGER F. W ICKER  
The Honorable R OGER F. W ICKER : Good 
morning, everyone. I am Senator Roger Wicker from Mississippi, and together with my colleague, Senator Bob Casey from the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, we welcome you to the 63rd Annual National Prayer Breakfast. 
It is an honor to serve with Bob as co- 
chairman this year, and we thank you for joining us this morning. Each year this event is one of the most special and memo-rable in Washington. Today, some 3,500 of us have gathered in this ballroom and in auxil-iary rooms down the hall. We represent all 50 states and 130 nations. As the Psalm says, ‘‘Oh, let the nations be glad and sing for joy, for Thou shall judge the people righteously and govern the nations of the earth. Let the people praise Thee, oh God. Let all the peo-ple praise Thee.’’ So, for the 130 nations rep-resented in this room today—be glad, be joy-ful, and praise God. 
Since 1953, the National Prayer Breakfast 
has exemplified and celebrated the power of prayer and fellowship in our lives. We come together as Ephesians 5:19 directs us, ‘‘Ad-dressing one another in Psalms and hymns, and spiritual songs, singing and making mel-ody to the Lord with your heart.’’ We have a truly remarkable program with 
guests and performers this morning. Like our weekly prayer breakfasts in the Senate and the House, we will have Scripture, pray-ers, songs, and speakers sharing their stories and reflections. Our hope is that you leave today with new blessings and perspectives about the strong community of faith in this country and around the world. 
The Honorable R
OBERT P. C ASEY , JR.: My 
name is Bob Casey and I’m honored to be here this morning with my co-chair, Roger Wicker, my friend who has labored with us these two years. Roger, we’re grateful for your work. 
In just a few minutes we’ll have the oppor-
tunity to give a warm welcome to the Presi-dent and the First Lady when they arrive. And in the meantime, we hope you are enjoy-ing your breakfast and getting to know those at your table, if you don’t know them already. We’re honored you’re with us. 
And now to lead us in our first prayer, I’m 
happy to welcome Rabbi Gregory Marx to 
the podium. For more than twenty-five years, Rabbi Marx has been the spiritual leader of Congregation Beth Or in Maple Glen, Montgomery County, Pennsylvania. We are grateful that he is with us today. And he will do our prayer and then we’ll have a break, and then we’ll go to the second part of the program. Rabbi Marx. 
Rabbi G
REGORY S. M ARX: Thank you, Sen-
ator. Good morning. 
The Biblical prophet, Micah proclaimed: It 
has been told you what is good, and what the Lord requires of you, only to do justice, to love mercy, and to walk humbly with our God. Justice without mercy leads to harsh judgment. Mercy without justice creates a world where there’s no accountability, no moral goodness. At this moment, may God bless us with both mercy and justice so that we may tenderly care for those in need of compassion and rejoice in the good of others. We celebrate this morning our uniqueness as well as our commonality. We come from our different faith perspectives, yet are united in a fervent desire to strengthen the hands and the hearts of those who seek to build an en-during society, which tolerates neither big-otry nor hatred. Master of the universe, in-spire us to release those reservoirs of spirit and mind which make us truly partners with you. Grant us patience and hopefulness in our daily tasks. May we never give in to de-spair, despite their enormity. Give us love for truth above cleverness, for people above things, for God above all else. Remind us in the immortal words of Abraham Lincoln, that religious devotion is not about having God on our side, which mistakenly prompts us to condemn the faith of others, but rather it is about being on God’s side, which re-quires devotion to civic duty, tolerance, hu-mility, justice, mercy, and peace. Be with us, oh God, as we seek to establish new ties of friendship across religious, racial, and ethnic boundaries, to create innovative opportuni-ties of service, to rejoice in the growth of all of our children. And to lovingly and faith-fully support our fellow men and women who are in need of God’s care and affection. May God bless our beloved and noble country and those who defend her, so that each may one day sit under their own vine and fig tree and none shall be afraid. Give us, oh God, the good sense and understanding to buttress the moral fiber of American life, that we may gird ourselves with integrity, and to success-fully meet the immense challenges before us. Keep us, oh God, from pride which prevents us from seeing the need for real change and steel us with a commitment to stay the course when necessary. Most of all, oh God, shield us from impatient judgment towards those who differ from us. May we always re-member that you are exalted, oh God when-ever and wherever men and women work to-
gether to fulfill Micah’s prophetic vision of justice, mercy, humility. And let us say, Amen. 
Senator W
ICKER : Thank you Rabbi Marx. 
At this point, continue enjoying your break-fast and the conversation with our table guests. The President and his party will be here in a few moments. 
[Applause] Senator C
ASEY : May everyone have a seat. 
Thanks very much everyone. We’re honored that the President and the First Lady are with us. As Senator Wicker and I said ear-lier, we’re honored you’re with us this morn-ing, and we’re grateful for the folks who helped put this breakfast together every year. 
I’m honored to share with everyone in this 
audience an excerpt from a message from Rome, by Pope Francis. This message is to all of us gathered here at this National Pray-er Breakfast, and he writes in part, and I quote: 
‘‘Dear Friends, I send prayerful good wish-
es for you, for the fruitfulness of your work. I ask you to pray for me, and to join me in praying for our brothers and our sisters throughout the world who experience perse-cution and death for their faith. Upon you, your families, and those whom you serve, I cordially invoke God’s blessings of wisdom, joy, and peace.’’ 
We’re honored that the Holy Father would 
send us that message. The entirety of the message will be read at today’s luncheon. While Pope Francis couldn’t be with us today in person, His Excellency the Papal Nuncio, the Holy Father’s representative in the United States is here today and we’re honored by his presence. 
All of us, as well have the extraordinary 
privilege today to be joined at this breakfast by another inspirational spiritual leader and peacemaker, His Holiness the Dalai Lama. We’re honored by his presence. [Applause] 
When I was in state government in Harris-
burg, Pennsylvania, I worked in the finance building, and right over the building in the front of the building, was an inscription that I think is a good summation of what it means to be in public service. And I’m quoting from that precept inscribed on the building—here’s what it says: ‘‘All public service is a trust given in faith and accepted in honor.’’ Senator Wicker and I, and those who are in the room who are elected offi-cials, have accepted that honor to serve. We also feel privileged. I know this is true of Roger, and me, and so many others, but we’re privileged to do our work in the Sen-ate, but the excessive partisanship and poli-tics that occurs in this town too often gets in the way and divides the Senate. That’s why the weekly prayer breakfast on Wednes-days, on every Wednesday that the Senate is in session, is a way for us to have an oasis from the politics of the place. We gather at that breakfast for prayer and to share some time with each other every Wednesday morn-ing—just as we’re doing this morning with people from so many different states, dif-ferent countries, backgrounds, faiths, and beliefs. We’re reminded this morning of the journey, the journey of faith that we’re all on, and we believe that faith is a gift, and a gift that we’re blessed by today and express gratitude. Senator Wicker. [Applause] 
Senator W
ICKER : Thank you, Bob. The Sen-
ate prayer breakfast dates back to World War II when a group of legislators met in the Senate restaurant. We can only imagine the conversations that took place during those early days as the deadliest conflict in human history swept the globe. Then as now, the weekly meetings which occur when the Sen-ate is in session have remained largely low profile. In January of 1943, an article from 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:21 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29AP6.052 S29APPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2515 April 29, 2015 
the Washington Post describes them as with-
out fanfare, front-page publicity or ballyhoo, and that is still true. In many ways our prayer breakfast is a welcome sanctuary from the politics and the partisanship we hear about. Each week we sing a hymn, we hear prayer requests that we call the ‘‘sick and wounded report.’’ We actually join hands and we pray together. And we hear a presen-tation from one of our members, but not be-fore a very thorough introduction of that member by either Senator Mike Enzi or Sen-ator Jim Inhofe. Now, Senator Inhofe and Enzi are here today, and I think it’s high time that something be said about their in-troductions. Everything we do at the prayer breakfast is off the record, but this needs to be said about Senator Enzi and Senator Inhofe’s introductions. Neither opposition research professionals nor the FBI have a thing on Enzi and Inhofe when it comes to 
background checks. Mike and Jim relent-lessly call former classmates, teachers, old friends, and relatives to discover something a little unusual about each week’s presenter. Sometimes I wince. Sometimes I cringe. But the introduction always ends on a high note with a verse of Scripture and the suggestion that our speaker is much like a Biblical character of old. Thank you for that, Jim. Thank you for that, Mike. 
And then we hear from the Senator himself 
or herself, a Democrat one week, a Repub-lican the next week. What we learn about each other is a lot. During my time in the Senate prayer breakfast, we’ve heard from our own American sniper, our own astronaut, he’s here today, our own missionaries, and we’ve had several, and our own award-win-ning composer. From camp directors, to uni-versity presidents, we’ve heard the good and the bad. We’ve heard about difficult family backgrounds. We’ve heard about financial bankruptcy and home foreclosures, and we’ve heard about spiritual journeys, from the heights of achievement to really, really tough times. It has been said, ‘‘There is so much good in the worst of us and so much bad in the best of us that it ill behooves any of us to find fault with the rest of us,’’ and that is true about the attendees in the Sen-ate prayer breakfast. In short, on Wednesday mornings we learn we are a lot like you, and you, and every other child of God, and al-most always I come away with a blessing. This morning, I acknowledge and thank the people who have gone before Bob and me in the Senate prayer breakfast leadership over the period of six decades, and along with Bob, I’m honored to continue in their tradi-tion. 
Now at this time, it is my pleasure to rec-
ognize a few distinguished guests at our head table who will not be given the opportunity to speak. And I’ll ask the next three ladies to stand and remain standing, Mrs. Stevie Waltrip, Mrs. Therese Casey, and Mrs. Gayle Wicker. Thank you for joining us, ladies. Thank you so much, you may be seated. 
And it is my very special honor at this 
point to ask each of you to give our appre-ciation and love to the First Lady of the United States, Mrs. Michelle Obama. [Ap-plause] 
And now, it is a special privilege for me as 
a Senator from Mississippi to introduce a fa-miliar face from home. Jasmine Murray is from Columbus, Mississippi. She has been a broadcast communication major at Mis-sissippi State University. She was a finalist on American Idol. And she was a finalist in the Miss America Pageant where she proudly represented my home state of Mississippi. Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome Miss Mississippi, Jasmine Murray. [Applause] 
Ms. J
ASMINE MURRAY : [Singing] 
Why should I feel discouraged, why should 
the shadows come, Why should my heart feel lonely, and long 
for heaven and home, 
When Jesus is my portion? A constant friend 
is He: 
His eye is on the sparrow, and I know He 
watches over me; 
His eye is on the sparrow, and I know He 
watches over me. 
I sing because I’m happy, I sing because I’m free. His eye is on the sparrow, And I know He watches me. His eye is on the sparrow, And I know He watches, I know He watches, 
I know He watches me. 
I sing because I’m happy, I sing because I’m free. His eye is on the sparrow, And I know He watches me. His eye is on the sparrow, And I know He watches me. He watches me. I know He watches me. He 
watches me. 
Ms. M
URRAY : Thank you. 
Senator W ICKER : Thank you! Jasmine, that 
was wonderful. Thank you, that was just great. I’m delighted to introduce our next guest. He’s a former Mayor of San Antonio and current Secretary of Housing and Urban Development. As a member of the Presi-dent’s Cabinet, he represents the executive branch of the family while his twin brother, Joaquin, covers the legislative side as a member of the House of Representatives. Please warmly welcome to read from the Old Testament, Secretary of Housing and Urban Development, Julian Castro. [Applause] 
The Honorable J
ULIAN CASTRO : Thank you. 
Thank you so much Mr. President for the great assist, good morning, and to Mrs. Obama, and to co-chairs Senator Casey and Senator Wicker, and to all of our distin-guished guests. It’s a great honor to join you on this day of prayer and of peace. Last week I had the opportunity to travel to Los Ange-les where I met some of our nation’s most 
vulnerable citizens, men and women living every day with homelessness. Although they have endured incredibly difficult cir-cumstances, it was clear to me that they have never let their hardship extinguish their hope. I spoke with an older woman who spends her nights on a tattered quilt over cold concrete. Night after night, that wears on a person’s body, yet this woman’s spirit was unbroken and her faith is a true testa-ment of strength and of grace. And it was this angel in the City of Angels, who re-minded me that the true measure of our progress is how we care for those with the least. 
The passage that I will read speaks to the 
hope we must preserve, the needs we must meet, and the common humanity that we must always honor. A reading from the book of Isaiah: 
Is this the manner of fasting I would 
choose, a day to afflict one’s self, to bow one’s head like a reed and lie upon sack cloth and ashes? Is this what you call a fast, a day acceptable to the Lord? Is this not rather the fast I choose—releasing those bound un-justly, untying the thongs of the yoke, set-ting free the oppressed, breaking off every yoke? Is it not sharing your bread with the hungry, bringing the afflicted and homeless into your house, clothing the naked when you see them and not turning your back on your own flesh? Then your light shall break forth like the dawn, and your wound shall be quickly healed. Your vindication shall go be-fore you and the glory of the Lord shall be your rear guard. Then you shall call, and the Lord will answer. You shall cry for help, and he will say, ‘‘Here I am.’’ If you remove the yoke from among you, the accusing finger and malicious speech, if you lavish your food on the hungry and satisfy the afflicted, then your light shall rise in the darkness and your 
gloom shall become like midday. 
Thank you, and may God bless you. [Ap-
plause] 
Senator C
ASEY : Thank you, Secretary Cas-
tro. Our prayer for the poor this morning will be offered by Sister Mary Scullion, a woman who has devoted her life to service, advocacy, and of course, God. She is one of the founders of Project HOME in Philadel-phia; I’m proud to say that today. Project HOME is a truly exceptional organization that does the important work of providing housing, employment opportunities, and medical care and education for the homeless and the impoverished. For her work, Sister Mary was named one of Time Magazine’s world’s 100 most influential people in 2009. Sister Mary. 
Sister M
ARYSCULLION : It’s an honor to be 
here, Mr. President and Mrs. Obama, thank you very much, and all honored guests. And greetings to everyone from Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. 
God of compassion and justice, we humbly 
come before you with gratitude and a clear understanding that it is in you that we all find our home. For when we are rooted in your truth and grace, we are empowered to pray: thy kingdom come. We recall how through the ages, you’ve been a God of com-passion, justice, and liberation, with a spe-cial love for the poor and the oppressed. We 
remember your servant Moses leading your people out of bondage. We recall Jesus, heal-ing the sick and proclaiming good news to the poor. We recall those times in our own nation’s history when moved by the promise of liberty and empowered by Your Spirit, courageous leaders worked to end slavery, to enfranchise women, to welcome immigrants, and to expand economic opportunity for all. Your constant revelation, God, is one of non-violent liberation from anything that op-presses the human spirit. As we gather here, millions of your beloved children are suf-fering under the burden of poverty, oppres-sion, and violence. Our prayers today can only be authentic if they compel us to act. Let us hear the cry of the loving parents struggling to provide for their children. Let us hear the cry of those all around our world impacted by violence, and those in our na-tion who suffer the wounds of gun violence. Let us hear the cry of millions of children whose magnificent gifts and possibilities are lost in under-resourced schools and economi-cally plundered neighborhoods, condemning them to a life of persistent poverty. Let us hear the cry of our veterans suffering from the wounds of war, especially those who are homeless. Open our eyes, Lord, so we can see suffering as a prophetic sign that calls us to radical transformation. God, we know that our faith does not give us answers; it gives us courage. As a people of faith, we pray for the courage to live truthfully, justly, and com-passionately. Help us to see through our hy-pocrisy and falsehood, empower us to stand squarely on the side of those who are poor and struggling on the margins. Help us to move beyond our ideological polarizations and economic disparities. Form us into a united community that affirms each person’s dignity and works towards a shared pros-perity. Let us build a society free from the scourge of poverty, a society that truly re-flects Your Kingdom. Most of all, let us un-derstand that your ancient call for compas-sion and justice is in truth, an invitation to us for fullness of life, and richness of human community. As we meet the needs of those who are poor, we are healing ourselves and our nation. As we ensure that all families have enough to eat, we are building the ban-quet table for everyone. As we work to pro-vide health care and education, we are mak-ing our whole society healthier and wiser. As 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:21 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29AP6.025 S29APPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2516 April 29, 2015 
we bring those living on our streets home, 
we are finding our own way home because none of us are home until all of us are home. Fill us with that same spirit of liberation that filled Jesus and the prophets. Fill us with that spirit of joy, of hope that inspired the prophet Isaiah in his powerful challenge. If you spend yourselves on behalf of the hun-gry and satisfy the needs of the oppressed, then your light will rise in the darkness and your night will become like the noon day. God of compassion, God of justice, fill us with this yearning and give us the strength, 
the grace, the courage to make it real each and every day as we pray: thy kingdom come. Amen. [Applause] 
Senator W
ICKER : Thank you, Sister Mary. 
A few minutes ago when I said, ‘‘Perhaps someone within the sound of my voice could come to my assistance,’’ I guess that did in-clude you, Mr. President. Though I thought perhaps someone else would step forward, but thank you young man for figuring that out. 
I first became involved in the Prayer 
Breakfast as a House member, and I’m de-lighted today to introduce to say a few words, the co-chairs from the House Prayer Breakfast. Congressman Robert Aderholt, serving his 10th term from Alabama, and Congressman Juan Vargas, serving his sec-ond term from California, are the co-chairs in the House, and by virtue of that, they will be the co-chairs of the next breakfast, the 64th Annual National Prayer Breakfast. La-dies and gentlemen, Robert Aderholt and Juan Vargas. [Applause] 
The Honorable R
OBERT B. A DERHOLT : Good 
morning. It’s a real honor for Juan and my-self to be here on behalf of the House break-fast, which meets every Thursday morning at eight o’clock, about this time in the Cap-itol, when the House is in session. The House of Representatives weekly prayer group meets and we come together as Democrats and Republicans. We come together once a week, not promoting a party; we’re not pro-moting a particular issue, or a particular agenda. I’m a Republican from Alabama, Juan is a Democrat from California but we come together that one hour during the week to promote Jesus. 
We’re told in John 3 that Jesus said, ‘‘Just 
as Moses lifted up the snake in the wilder-ness, so the son of man must be lifted up . . . that everyone who believes may have eternal life in him.’’ And that is what we promote during that week—Jesus of Nazareth. And we are honored to be here this morning. We’re glad to be here with our colleagues and all of our friends, and our family from literally around the world and it is an honor to work together in a bipartisan effort and to work as I say, with our colleagues and especially this year to work with my colleague, Juan Vargas from California. [Applause] 
The Honorable J
UAN C. V ARGAS : Thank 
you, and greetings from the Prayer Break-fast. Mr. President, it was great to see the assist that you gave today. We went to law school together, played against him a couple times in basketball, he didn’t assist like that. It was a little rougher out there. That was great to see. 
We do come together every Thursday 
morning and we call it the best hour of the week. We come together as Democrats and Republicans. Who would have guessed—a California Democrat and someone from Ala-bama who is a Republican? But we come to-gether and we pray, and we bring Jesus into our prayers and we lift up the country, we lift up the Congress. And we know that spe-cial things can happen, and they do. And be-cause of that, I think we’re all here today and appreciate very, very much the prayers that you all have for us. We know that you pray for us throughout the country. I’ve gone to many, many services where we hear 
that you pray for your leaders, you pray for the President, you pray for all of us in public office. And we love that and understand that, and we bring those prayers up too. So again, thank you very much. And for all of my col-leagues, I invite you to come and pray with us every Thursday morning. It’s the best hour of the week from eight in the morning until nine, and it really is something special. You get to meet people that you wouldn’t otherwise. Who would have known that I would have loved Louie Gohmert? Louie Gohmert has been one of our leaders and it’s just fabulous to come and pray with him. He brings us Jesus every Thursday, so thank you very much. It’s an honor to be here. [Ap-plause] 
Senator C
ASEY : Thank you very much for 
the Members of Congress. I’m pleased to in-troduce The Honorable Deborah Lee James, the 23rd Secretary of the United States Air Force. She joins us today to offer a prayer for the leaders of our nation. Secretary James, of course is a distinguished leader in her own right for our nation’s military, and has the responsibility of managing more than 690,000 Air Force personnel and a budget of 110 billion dollars. Please welcome Sec-retary Deborah Lee James. Madam Sec-retary. [Applause] 
The Honorable D
EBORAH LEEJAMES : Thank 
you so much, Senator Casey, Senator Wicker. It is truly an honor and a privilege for me to come before all of you today. Mr. President, Mrs. Obama, Senators, Congress-men, distinguished guests, friends and allies from around the world, may I please invite all of you to join me in a prayer for our na-
tional leaders. 
Oh mighty God, it is in you that we trust. 
We ask for your blessings on our President, Barack Obama. Lord, grant him the wisdom and the vision to lead our nation toward a more just, peaceful, and prosperous world. Help him to keep the beacon of American freedom burning brightly as an inspiration to all who long to live free from fear, free from want, free to speak, and free to worship as they choose. We ask you also, Lord, to bless our First Lady, Michelle Obama. Strengthen her as she works to inspire all of America’s children to reach higher and to live healthier lives, so that one day they will be ready to build strong families of their own, compassionate communities, and con-tribute to a better world. Please guide our Vice President, Joe Biden, Lord, and all the members of the President’s cabinet. Grant to these and all others who serve and advise our President the grace to lean not only on their own understanding, but also to trust in you with all of their hearts. Lord, bless our law-makers sent from every corner of America to form our Congress. Grant them the priceless gifts of insight, courage, and unity. Shepherd them by your spirit to do what is right, to love mercy, and to walk humbly with you. Grant our Chief Justice and all of our judi-cial leaders across the nation your wisdom, Lord, that they may judge the law impar-tially as instruments of your will. And very close to my heart, Lord, please, please pro-tect our men and women in uniform and all who stand in harm’s way to preserve the freedoms we cherish for our children and grandchildren. And as you watch over those serving far from home, also please encourage those who wait for their return, and comfort those who have suffered unspeakable losses. Lord, may the service and sacrifice of those who have gone before us, and the lives of the heroes who walk amongst us, let those indi-viduals inspire the rest of us to give our country, and our communities, and our fami-lies the very best that we can with our wholeness of heart, particularly in these un-certain times. Being always mindful and grateful to you, Lord, for the many blessings 
that you have bestowed on us, Amen. [Ap-plause] 
Senator W
ICKER : Thank you, Madam Sec-
retary. Thank you so much. As you can see from the program in front of you, our next 
speaker was to be King Abdullah II of Jor-dan. We all know the heartbreaking cir-cumstances his country is experiencing at this point. They required that His Majesty King Abdullah return to Jordan. Our prayers are with the people of Jordan during this troubling time of crisis. The passage that King Abdullah was expected to read is from the New Testament, Luke 10, and I will read this passage at this point. Luke 10: 
On one occasion an expert in the law stood 
up to test Jesus, ‘‘Teacher,’’ he asked, ‘‘What must I do to inherit eternal life?’’ ‘‘What is written in the law?’’ he replied. ‘‘How do you read it?’’ He answered, ‘‘Love the Lord your God with all your heart, and with all your soul, and with all your strength, and with all your mind, and love your neighbor as your-self.’’ ‘‘You have answered correctly,’’ Jesus replied. ‘‘Do this and you will live.’’ But he wanted to justify himself, so he asked Jesus, ‘‘And who is my neighbor?’’ 
In reply, Jesus said: ‘‘A man was going 
down from Jerusalem to Jericho when he was attacked by robbers. They stripped him of his clothes, beat him and went away, leav-ing him half dead. A priest happened to be going down the same road, and when he saw the man, he passed by on the other side. So too, a Levite, when he came to the place and saw him, passed by on the other side. But a Samaritan, as he traveled, came where the man was and when he saw him he took pity on him. He went to him and he bandaged his wounds, pouring on oil and wine, and then he put the man on his own donkey, brought him to an inn and took care of him. The next day, he took out two denarii and gave them to the inn keeper. ‘Look after him,’ he said, ‘and when I return I will reimburse you for any extra expense you may have.’ Which of these three do you think was a neighbor to the man who fell into the hand of robbers?’’ 
The expert in the law replied, ‘‘The one 
who had mercy on him.’’ Jesus told him, ‘‘Go and do likewise.’’ 
May God add His blessing to the reading of 
His Holy Word. 
Senator W
ICKER : At this point it is my 
pleasure to introduce to you our next guest. He too has been recognized by Time Maga-zine. For 2014, he was one of the persons of the year of Time Magazine. Dr. Kent Brantly and his colleagues became known as the Ebola fighters for their work saving lives and caring for those affected by this deadly disease. As a doctor with the Christian relief organization, Samaritan’s Purse, Dr. Brantly contracted Ebola in Liberia. Now fully re-covered, he gives thanks to God and to the power of prayer. Today he is with us to offer a prayer for the leaders of the world, please warmly welcome Dr. Kent Brantly. [Ap-plause] 
Dr. K
ENT BRANTLY : Let us pray. Our Fa-
ther who art in heaven. The Lord, the Lord, the God of compassion and mercy, slow to anger and abounding in love and faithful-ness, lover of all peoples of the earth, there is no God like you in all of heaven above or on the earth below. You keep your covenant and show unfailing love to all who walk be-fore you in wholehearted devotion. Hallowed by thy name. Remind us that all nations are as nothing before you, their governments but a shadow of passing age, all authorities are intended to be your servants, to do good to the people under their care and to ensure justice for those who have been wronged. But we all, including our leaders, will stand be-fore your judgment seat, oh God, and as sure-ly as you live, oh Lord, every knee will bow 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:59 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29AP6.026 S29APPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2517 April 29, 2015 
and every tongue confess and give praise to 
you. Thy kingdom come on earth. Grant to thy children throughout the world, and espe-cially to the leaders of the nations the gifts of prayerful thought and of thoughtful pray-er that following the example of our Lord, we may discern what is right and do it. Bless the leaders of the nations that they may not walk in the council of the wicked or stand in the way of sinners, or sit in the seat of mockers. Bless the leaders of the nations that they might delight in the law of the Lord, that they might meditate on it day and night that Thy will might be done on earth as it is in heaven. Help us, Lord to pro-tect and to provide for all who are hungry and homeless, especially those who are de-prived of food and shelter, family and friends. For true religion that is acceptable to you, oh Lord, is this, to care for orphans and widows in their distress, and to flee cor-ruption. Give us this day our daily bread. Forgive us for neglecting to seek peace and pursue it, and finding ourselves in each new crisis more ready to make war than to make peace, for choosing violence and war over peace and reconciliation. We have not loved you with our whole heart, and we have not loved our neighbors as our selves. Forgive us 
for neglecting the needs of our people, for choosing corruption and greed over integrity and generosity. Forgive us for oppressing the minority while the majority is filled with pride and self reliance. We have all sinned and fallen short of your glory, oh Lord. For-give us our trespasses as we forgive those who trespass against us. Let us not seek re-venge but reconciliation. Let us not delight in victory but in justice. Let us not give our-selves up to pride, but to prayer. Lead us not into temptation. Be present, Lord, to all your children. Be present to those who are killing, and to those who are being killed. Be present to the oppressed and to the oppres-sor. Be present to the leaders of the nations. Deliver us from evil. Subdue our selfish de-sires to possess and to dominate. Forbid us arrogance and victory, and self-pity, and de-feat. Bless the leaders of the nations, Father, that they might act justly and love mercy, and walk humbly with you, oh God. For yours is the kingdom, and the power, and the glory forever and ever. In the name of Jesus we pray, Amen. [Applause] 
Senator W
ICKER : Thank you Dr. Brantly, 
and please pass along our good wishes to our friends at Samaritan’s Purse. Ladies and gentlemen, the National Association of Stock Car Auto Racing, commonly known as NASCAR, is second only to the National Football League in terms of TV ratings in our country. NASCAR races are broadcast in over 150 countries. Our keynote speaker this morning is one of the best known figures in NASCAR. Simply put, Darrell Waltrip is one of the great race car drivers in history. In 1 Corinthians 9:24 we hear, ‘‘Do you not know that in a race, all runners run.’’ (The inter-nal combustion engine had not been invented back then.) ‘‘All runners run but only one re-ceives the prize.’’ Well, Darrell Waltrip has received that winning prize some 84 times. He’s driven 809 races and 237,773 laps. His life story includes an important faith journey. I believe God has placed a message on Darrell’s heart that can benefit us today. But first, let’s see this clip from 1991 at the Daytona Speedway. 
[Clip from Daytona Speedway, showing 
Darrell Waltrip’s car crashing] 
Senator W
ICKER : Well, he made it. Ladies 
and gentlemen, Mr. Darrell Waltrip. [Ap-plause] 
Mr. D
ARRELL WALTRIP : Let’s go racing 
boys. I always chuckle when I see that clip because my insurance man says, ‘‘Have you ever had an accident?’’ I’ve had a couple. But good morning, Mr. President, First Lady, all of the distinguished guests, Congress mem-
bers, everybody that’s here this morning. This is a huge honor for a kid that grew up in Owensboro, Kentucky, and now resides in Franklin, Tennessee. 
So, I knew about the Prayer Breakfast. I’d 
heard about it. It’s been going on since the early 1940s, so I’d heard about it for a long time. But I have to tell you a quick story: 
When the ‘‘committee’’ called me and 
asked me, ‘‘Would I like to come have break-fast with the President?’’ I said, ‘‘Wow, they must know it’s my birthday. What an honor to go to Washington, D.C., and have break-fast with the president. Oh, this is going to be great.’’ ‘‘And by the way, we’d like for you to be the keynote speaker.’’ ‘‘Ah, I’ll get back to you on that.’’ But I thought about it, prayed about it—and I’ve got a lot of really great friends that pray for me all the time— but I thought about it, Mr. President, and said, ‘‘I’ve got it. I’m not a brain surgeon, and I’m not running for office, so I’m the perfect guy to be here this morning.’’ [Ap-plause] 
I hope that was okay. My wife told me 
maybe I shouldn’t say that, but she’s sitting down there shaking her head now. But any-way, I’d like to introduce my family. You’ve already met my beautiful, redheaded wife Stevie. Jessica and Sarah, my two daugh-ters, and their husbands, Fausto and Mat-thew, are out there, and it makes me feel so good to have them here this morning with me. I love my family, and I love the Lord. 
If the room should start vibrating just a 
little bit—don’t get excited, don’t get nerv-ous—it’s just all my friends back in Frank-lin, Tennessee, my Tuesday morning Bible study group, all my friends over in Char-lotte, North Carolina, at Motor Racing Out-reach, our ministry at the track. All my friends are praying for me right now. And I don’t know if you can feel it or not, but I certainly can, and I’m thankful for it. So if it starts shaking a little bit, it’s okay. It’s just the Lord. He’s amongst us. [Applause] 
Being here this morning reminds me of 
this: Before you start a big event as a driver, like the Daytona 500, which comes up in a couple of weeks on Fox, you go down on pit road, you get in your car—and quite hon-estly, I did it for 30 years but it never failed, always that adrenaline, those butterflies, being excited, nervous. Because when they dropped the green flag and they say, ‘‘Let’s go racing boys,’’ you didn’t really know what was going to happen. And so, that’s kind of how I feel this morning. I really don’t know what’s going to happen here, folks. They kept asking me, ‘‘Do you have an outline?’’ I said, ‘‘No, I’ve never really done an outline for a speech before.’’ That’s when they thought maybe I wasn’t the right guy for this show. 
I’ve got to tell you this. I probably 
shouldn’t, but I’m going to: So, they call me up, and they tell me all the great speakers that have been here before. And as they went down the list, I said, ‘‘Whoa, whoa, whoa, wait just a minute, boys. I’m just not sure I’m qualified for this job.’’ And they said, ‘‘Well, we kind of knew that going in.’’ So, right away I knew I was in good company. 
I think all of us in this room know that 
sometimes your biggest assets can be some-thing that works against you. They can be a blessing and a curse, and that’s really how racing was for me. It was sort of a blessing and a curse. I grew up in Owensboro, Ken-tucky. My dad drove a Pepsi-Cola truck. My mom was a cashier at the local grocery store. I had two brothers and two sisters. We didn’t have a lot of money; we worked hard to put food on the table. And so, when I went to races as a six-year-old kid with my grand-mother and came home and told Mom and Dad that someday I wanted to be a race car driver, they said, ‘‘Good luck, son.’’ My dad 
was a believer in hard work. He said, ‘‘You know, if you really work hard, and that’s what you want to do, then maybe someday you’ll be successful.’’ But that was about all the encouragement my dad gave me, because racing is expensive. It costs a lot of money to go racing, so we didn’t have a lot of money. So, I had to figure out a way to make that happen. I became a self-promoter—in other words, I bragged a lot. God had given me a talent; there was no question about that. I don’t know where it came from. There’s no reason for me to be able to do what I did other than that was my passion, that’s what I cared about. I tell kids every day—and Mr. President, you know this— there’s nothing any more discouraging and disheartening when you ask a kid, ‘‘What are you going to do when you grow up?’’ ‘‘I don’t know.’’ ‘‘Really? Embrace something. You’ve got to have a passion.’’ Well, my passion was racing, and quite honestly, I went at it all the wrong ways in the early years. I was just as aggressive off the racetrack as I was on. I didn’t have a lot of friends. I didn’t think I needed friends. I looked over in the car, and I was the only one ever in there, so I didn’t need any friends to be with me. So, my rela-tionships early on in my life were shallow. I didn’t have any really close friends. Quite honestly, I looked back, and it’s the hardest thing for me to do this morning—to look back—because when I look back, I see things that are disturbing to me. I can see things and say, ‘‘How could I have felt that way? How could I have acted that way? How could I have been that way?’’ But I was. 
And you’re going to love this. This is what 
people said about me: They said I was brash, ruthless—ruthless?—pushy, cocky, con-ceited, aloof, boastful, arrogant, and just downright annoying. I hope you don’t feel that way this morning, but if you do, I’m sorry. And I’ve got to tell you, those were people that liked me. You could imagine 
what people who didn’t like me had to say about me. The fans booed me when we’d have driver introductions. It would be just like if I got up this morning to speak, and they started booing. Instead of hollering ‘‘boogity, boogity, boogity,’’ they would start booing. Fans wore ‘‘Anybody but Waltrip’’ T-shirts to the track. They hated me. The drivers despised me. Richard Petty once told me: ‘‘I don’t know how you keep a sponsor. You’re so unpopular with the fans; I don’t know how you keep a sponsor.’’ And this is Richard Petty. He’s the icon of our sport. He’s the king of our sport. I wanted to be king, but I went at it all the wrong ways, for sure. I was always arguing with NASCAR. I didn’t like the rules, mainly because they never worked in my favor, so I was always trying to change the rules. We know guys like that, right? Always wanting to change the rules. [Laughter, Applause.] I always like to say I fought the wall, [and] the wall won. I fought the law, and the law won. Those were the things that were going on at the track, and quite honestly, my personal life wasn’t much better. I was so arrogant. I real-ly was, and that’s why I say it’s the hardest thing for me to do. My kids are sitting out here for heaven’s sake. But the hardest thing to do is to look back and see how you were. My personal life was a mess. I drank too much. I liked to go to the bars and hang out with the boys. I did everything to satisfy me. Whatever felt good to me, I did it; I didn’t give it a second thought—that was my life-style, that’s how I lived. Like I told you, I didn’t have any great friends. I didn’t have any close friends. Heck, I always figured if you wanted a friend, get a dog. I have several dogs. 
But my wife, my beautiful wife, my red-
headed wife whom I love dearly—we’ve been 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:21 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29AP6.026 S29APPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2518 April 29, 2015 
married 45 years. [Applause] That in of itself 
is a miracle. She was married to that guy I was telling you about. She lived it. My wife once described me as this: that she had lived with two different men with the same name. And that might be a little confusing to you, and so obviously I must explain. But that first guy that I told you about, that was the guy she was married to originally. I knew God had his hand on me when I met Stevie. I didn’t acknowledge it. I didn’t necessarily follow through, but it’s one of the few times in the early years of my life that I felt like God spoke to me. God said to me, ‘‘I gave you this woman. I brought you this woman. Don’t let her get away.’’ And so, I tried to al-ways be on my best behavior when I was around her, and certainly when I was around her mother and father, because they didn’t think a whole lot about a race car driver. When her father asked me, ‘‘How are you going to support Stevie?’’ I said, ‘‘I’m going to be a professional race car driver.’’ He was the president of Texas Gas, and he didn’t quite understand how a race car driver could make a living and be able to support his daughter. He wasn’t sold on the idea at first but he became a big fan as time went by. 
So, Stevie would always pray for me. She 
is a Godly woman, and she loved the Lord way before I did. And she would always pray that someday, somehow we would get in-volved in a Bible study or that I would, that I would get involved in a Bible study, or a church, or something. And I’d always kind of blow her off, and I’d say, ‘‘Look honey, I race on Sundays. I don’t have time to go to church. I’m busy all through the week get-
ting ready for the next race. I just don’t have time for this church stuff and this God stuff. I just don’t have time, okay.’’ And you know what she said? ‘‘Well, I’ll just keep on pray-ing.’’ And let me tell you, when somebody says they’re praying for you, you better pay attention and don’t take it lightly. People don’t pray for you if they don’t care about you and if they don’t love you. [Applause.] Amen, amen. It used to happen to me at the track, and people would come up and say, ‘‘I’m praying for you.’’ And I’d say, ‘‘Oh, thank you very much. I’ve got to go now.’’ Don’t ever do that. Embrace that person, be-cause it’s not a waste of time. It’s them em-bracing you and caring about you, and that’s the most important thing in the world is that we all care about each other. 
I almost had us do this, and Stevie talked 
me out of it. At home when we pray, we hold hands. And in Bible study when we pray, we kind of lock arms or hold hands. I was going to ask everybody in the room to hold hands while we pray, but then I thought maybe you weren’t that close just yet, so I kind of let that one go. 
I got a great opportunity in 1983. I got a 
chance to drive for Junior Johnson. Junior Johnson was a childhood hero. He’s the last American hero. They made a film about him. They wrote books about him. He was the last American hero. As a kid growing up in Owensboro, I listened to my little transistor radio, and Junior Johnson drove this white #3 Chevrolet with a 427 mystery engine. Jun-ior Johnson, a moonshiner from Wilkesboro, North Carolina, car #3 with a mystery en-gine. I mean, that’s hero material right there for a guy like me. So obviously, I thought maybe someday I’d get to meet him, but never thought that someday I’d get to drive for him. Those were the best years of my career—’81, ’82 we won 24 races, 18 pole positions, 2 championships. But Junior was a no-nonsense kind of guy. He said, ‘‘Let me tell you something, boy: When you come to drive for me, you work your hands and not your mouth.’’ I said, ‘‘Yes, sir.’’ Because when Junior spoke, I listened. We had great times together. We won races together, but in 1983 I had a horrible wreck—worse than 
that one you saw there. I had a concussion. I went for a couple of weeks to the next cou-ple of races, and I didn’t even remember being there. And when I finally came to, or woke up, I realized that that wreck had knocked me conscious. It scared the hell out of me, and I mean that literally. I realized I could have been killed that day. What if I would have lost my life right there that day at Daytona? What would I have done? Would I have gone to heaven? Or would I have gone to hell? I thought I was a pretty good guy. But folks, let me tell you something: Good guys go to hell. If you don’t know Jesus Christ as your Lord and Savior, if you don’t have a relationship, if He’s not the master of your life, if you’ve never gotten on your knees and asked him to forgive you of your sins, you’re just a pretty good guy or a pret-ty good gal. You’re going to go to hell. Think about that. I did. And like I said, it was a wake-up call. It literally knocked me conscious. 
Stevie and I started going to church. We 
met Dr. Cortez Cooper, one of the Godliest men—preached from the Bible, loved sports, a lot like the President. He could play any sport, he pretty much knew a little bit about every sport there was, and he knew me per-sonally. And because of him, and him talking to me just like I’m talking to you this morn-ing, every time I went to hear him preach, I felt like he was talking directly to me. And so, we met in a high school in Hillsboro, just outside of Nashville there while they were building a big sanctuary. It was July; it was hot, kind of like being in a race car—no air 
conditioning. I got down off my high horse, I got down on my knees, and Dr. Cortez Coo-per and Stevie and I prayed that the Lord would come into my life and forgive me of my sins and be my Lord and Savior. And that was the greatest day of my life. [Ap-plause] 
That changed everything. I’ll never forget: 
We were going home from that night, and I told Stevie, ‘‘Man, I feel like the weight of the world has been lifted off of my shoulders. I feel like I’ve been born again. I feel like a new man.’’ I felt different, and I knew I was different. When the Lord comes into your life, you’re going to be different. You have to be different. If he comes into your heart, into your life, and you’re not different, you better go back and try it again, because the Lord changes you. And He changed me, and it was for the better. And we left there that night, and did it fix all? Listen, you don’t make a deal with the Lord: ‘‘Hey Lord, if you do this, I’ll do that.’’ It don’t work that way, folks. He’s there for you. He’s there to walk with you. But you’ve got to do your part, too. So did my life, my personal life, change things on the race track? I still had wrecks. I still had problems. Things still happened, but I wasn’t in it alone. Where I felt like I was always in it by myself, now I had some-body to pray with, talk with, to guide me, di-rect me—the wisdom of the Lord. I had it, and I needed to use it. 
Stevie and I wanted to have a family. We 
were having trouble having kids. We had a couple of miscarriages, and we were praying, ‘‘God, can you give us a child?’’ And we’d gotten to the point where we thought we’d just adopt. We’re not going to be able to have kids on our own, so we’ll adopt. And then Stevie got pregnant, and we prayed, and the Lord gave us peace about it. He said, ‘‘Hang in there this time, I’ve got something special for you.’’ And sure enough: Jessica Lee Waltrip. September the 17th, 1987, we had our first child. I, folks, was on cloud nine. I was so excited. I couldn’t wait to get to the track. I left that weekend to go to Martinsville. I get to the racetrack, I’m a proud papa, and everybody’s congratulating me because they knew how badly we wanted 
kids. I go over to my race car on Sunday morning, and in the seat of the car is a vase with one rose in it and a note. I pulled the note out, I opened it up, and it said, ‘‘Win this one for me, Daddy.’’ That was quite a moment. I’d never been called Daddy before, and I’d never been a father before, and I was so happy. And I have to tell you: This is a fairy tale. I never led a lap of that race. I wanted so badly to win that race for Jes-sica—never led a dadgum lap, until the last one—and you won’t believe what happened. People say, ‘‘Can you tell me a time when God showed up?’’ I don’t think he was work-ing against those other guys, but he sure was working for me—I know that. We go off the last lap, the white flag’s in the air, and I thought, ‘‘Oh man, I’m running third.’’ There’s nothing I can do. Dale Earnhardt and Terry Labonte, they’re a little bit quicker than I am. They go down the back straight-away into third turn at Martinsville, a little paperclip racetrack, and Terry bumps into the back of Dale. And when he does, both cars get a little loose, and they slide up the racetrack, and DW goes driving by. [Ap-plause] 
Daddy won that one. Same thing—1992, 
Sarah was born. Sarah Kaitlin Kerns Waltrip. Same deal: Go to the racetrack. It had been kind of a tough year. I dominated that race, Bristol half-mile track, like being hung up in a salad bowl for 500 laps. Spinning around—your head’s hurting, your eyes are burning. I get out of the car, and I can’t re-member my daughter’s name. So, I’m trying really hard. I’m saying ‘‘Sarah, Sarah, 
Kaitlin’’—she had a lot of names—‘‘Kerns Waltrip.’’ Because when I left the hospital, we really hadn’t decided on exactly what her name was going to be. So, it took a little time, but it came to me, and certainly Sarah’s never let me forget that I couldn’t remember her name. 
One final story for you, and it’s about Dale 
Earnhardt Sr. And I don’t know how many of you people knew the old intimidator. He was one tough customer and my biggest compet-itor. We were ‘frenemies.’ We were friends off the racetrack but not so much on the race-track. And this beautiful redhead down here—she loved Dale, and Dale loved her. And she witnessed to him just as much as she witnessed to me. In 1994, Neil Bonnett lost his life at Daytona in a practice crash. Sunday morning, Stevie had always put Scriptures in my race car on a note card. Not good luck charms, just encouragement. Whatever happened that week, the Scripture sort of fit the events of that week. 
We’re standing on pit road praying with 
some of the chaplains from MRO, and Dale walks by. Now, Dale is one of those guys that you know he’s a tough guy, so for him to pray or to acknowledge that he may have a relationship with the Lord was pretty hard for him to do. But he walks by, Stevie grabs him and says, ‘‘Come and pray with us.’’ We all huddled up on pit road there, and when we finished praying, Stevie hands me the note card with the Scripture on it, and Dale grabs it, and he says, ‘‘What’s that?’’ And he read it. And he looked at Stevie, and he said, ‘‘Where’s mine?’’ Oh my gosh, she ran to the pit box, got a note card, wrote a Scripture, put it on the note card, and ran back to Dale’s car, and Dale put it on his dash. And so from that day until 2001, when he lost his life at Daytona, he had a Scripture in his car just like I had in my car. You have to know something: Me and this guy, we were fierce competitors. He didn’t like me, and I didn’t like him when we were on that racetrack. That woman would make us pray together. Stevie would grab him and grab me and say, ‘‘I want you all to pray together,’’ and we’d ‘‘[makes mumbling noises].’’ And then, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:21 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29AP6.027 S29APPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2519 April 29, 2015 
then to make it worse, she’d say, ‘‘Tell him 
you love him.’’ [Laughter, Applause] So, as he was walking away and I was walking away: ‘‘I love you.’’ [stated in perfunctory tone] 
As I said, the hardest thing about being 
here this morning was, as I prepared—and I did prepare—was looking back and remem-bering how I was. But the good news this morning is I’m not that way anymore. I just share this: You don’t have to walk alone. You don’t have to carry all those burdens like it’s you against the world. You have to do like I did. You’ve got to get off your high horse and get on your knees and ask for for-giveness. He’s waiting for you. He was there all the time. I just didn’t know it or ac-knowledge it. I told you when I got up here I wasn’t running for anything, but I will tell you this: I am running to something. The Lord is a strong tower; the righteous will run to it and be safe. God bless you. God bless America. God bless our President, and thank you for letting me share with you this morn-ing. [Applause] 
Senator C
ASEY : Darrell, thank you for that 
great message. Darrell, I want to ask your permission but I’ll do this as I’m pretending to ask your permission. Your birthday is today? 
Mr. W
ALTRIP : Yes. 
Senator C ASEY : It’s also the same birthday 
as my mother-in-law, Nancy Foppiano, so I’ve just scored big points, Darrell, thank you very much. It’s my honor now to intro-duce the President. Mr. President, First Lady Michelle Obama, we’re honored you’re with us, honored by your presence. And they’ve been here every year. So we’re grate-ful to have them back. [Applause] 
President Obama is a person of faith who 
has spoken often about his faith journey. His life has been, and continues to be, a life of service, public service, in the pursuit of jus-tice here, at home, and around the world. My mother, Ellen Casey, (that way I’ve got my mother-in-law and my mother in the same remarks) always told us when we were grow-ing up over, and over again, she would say, ‘‘Count your blessings.’’ Count your bless-ings. And I’ve tried to do that; probably don’t do enough of it. But I know that the President is one who follows my mother’s ad-vice, especially about the blessings of his family. So today as we gather to pray and to express gratitude for so much on a morning like today, I count as one of our blessings, Mr. President, your good work as our Presi-dent and your abiding commitment to your family, to your faith, and to our country. La-dies and gentlemen, the 44th President of the United States, Barack Obama. [Applause] 
The P
RESIDENT : Thank you. Well, good 
morning. Giving all praise and honor to God. It is wonderful to be back with you here. I want to thank our co-chairs, Bob and Roger. These two don’t always agree in the Senate, but in coming together and uniting us all in prayer, they embody the spirit of our gath-ering today. 
I also want to thank everybody who helped 
organize this breakfast. It’s wonderful to see so many friends and faith leaders and dig-nitaries. And Michelle and I are truly hon-ored to be joining you here today. 
I want to offer a special welcome to a good 
friend, His Holiness the Dalai Lama—who is a powerful example of what it means to prac-tice compassion, who inspires us to speak up for the freedom and dignity of all human beings. I’ve been pleased to welcome him to the White House on many occasions, and we’re grateful that he’s able to join us here today. [Applause] 
There aren’t that many occasions that 
bring His Holiness under the same roof as NASCAR. This may be the first. But God works in mysterious ways. [Laughter] And so I want to thank Darrell for that wonderful 
presentation. Darrell knows that when you’re going 200 miles an hour, a little pray-er cannot hurt. I suspect that more than once, Darrell has had the same thought as 
many of us have in our own lives—Jesus, take the wheel. Although I hope that you kept your hands on the wheel when you were thinking that. [Laughter] 
He and I obviously share something in hav-
ing married up. And we are so grateful to Stevie for the incredible work that they’ve done together to build a ministry where the fastest drivers can slow down a little bit, and spend some time in prayer and reflection and thanks. And we certainly want to wish Dar-rell a happy birthday. [Applause] Happy birthday. 
I will note, though, Darrell, when you were 
reading that list of things folks were saying about you, I was thinking, well, you’re a piker. I mean, if you really want a list, come talk to me, because that ain’t nothing. That’s the best they can do in NASCAR? [Laughter.] 
Slowing down and pausing for fellowship 
and prayer—that’s what this breakfast is about. I think it’s fair to say that Wash-ington moves a lot slower than NASCAR. Certainly my agenda does sometimes. [Laughter.] But still, it’s easier to get caught up in the rush of our lives, and in the political back-and-forth that can take over this city. We get sidetracked with distrac-tions, large and small. We can’t go 10 min-utes without checking our smartphones—and for my staff, that’s every 10 seconds. And so for 63 years, this prayer tradition has brought us together, giving us the oppor-tunity to come together in humility before the Almighty and to be reminded of what it is that we share as children of God. 
And certainly for me, this is always a 
chance to reflect on my own faith journey. Many times as President, I’ve been reminded of a line of prayer that Eleanor Roosevelt was fond of. She said, ‘‘Keep us at tasks too hard for us that we may be driven to Thee for strength. ‘‘ Keep us at tasks too hard for us that we may be driven to Thee for strength. I’ve wondered at times if maybe God was answering that prayer a little too literally. But no matter the challenge, He has been there for all of us. He’s certainly strengthened me ‘‘with the power through His Spirit,’’ as I’ve sought His guidance not just in my own life but in the life of our na-tion. 
Now, over the last few months, we’ve seen 
a number of challenges—certainly over the last six years. But part of what I want to touch on today is the degree to which we’ve seen professions of faith used both as an in-strument of great good, but also twisted and misused in the name of evil. 
As we speak, around the world, we see faith 
inspiring people to lift up one another—to feed the hungry and care for the poor, and comfort the afflicted and make peace where there is strife. We heard the good work that Sister has done in Philadelphia, and the in-credible work that Dr. Brantly and his col-leagues have done. We see faith driving us to do right. 
But we also see faith being twisted and dis-
torted, used as a wedge—or, worse, some-times used as a weapon. From a school in Pakistan to the streets of Paris, we have seen violence and terror perpetrated by those who profess to stand up for faith, their faith, professed to stand up for Islam, but, in fact, are betraying it. We see ISIL, a brutal, vi-cious death cult that, in the name of reli-gion, carries out unspeakable acts of barba-rism—terrorizing religious minorities like the Yazidis, subjecting women to rape as a weapon of war, and claiming the mantle of religious authority for such actions. We see sectarian war in Syria, the murder 
of Muslims and Christians in Nigeria, reli-gious war in the Central African Republic, a rising tide of anti-Semitism and hate crimes in Europe, so often perpetrated in the name of religion. 
So how do we, as people of faith, reconcile 
these realities—the profound good, the strength, the tenacity, the compassion and love that can flow from all of our faiths, op-erating alongside those who seek to hijack religions for their own murderous ends? 
Humanity has been grappling with these 
questions throughout human history. And lest we get on our high horse and think this is unique to some other place, remember that during the Crusades and the Inquisition, people committed terrible deeds in the name of Christ. In our home country, slavery and Jim Crow all too often was justified in the name of Christ. Michelle and I returned from India—an incredible, beautiful country, full of magnificent diversity—but a place where, in past years, religious faiths of all types on occasion have, on occasion, been targeted by other peoples of faith, simply due to their heritage and their beliefs—acts of intoler-ance that would have shocked Ghandiji, the person who helped to liberate that nation. 
So, this is not unique to one group or one 
religion. There is a tendency in us, a sinful tendency that can pervert and distort our faith. In today’s world, when hate groups have their own Twitter accounts and bigotry can fester in hidden places in cyberspace, it can be even harder to counteract such intol-erance. But God compels us to try. And in this mission, I believe there are a few prin-ciples that can guide us, particularly those of us who profess to believe. 
And, first, we should start with some basic 
humility. I believe that the starting point of faith is some doubt—not being so full of yourself and so confident that you are right and that God speaks only to us, and doesn’t speak to others, that God only cares about us and doesn’t care about others, that some-how we alone are in possession of the truth. 
Our job is not to ask that God respond to 
our notion of truth—our job is to be true to Him, His word and His commandments. And we should assume humbly that we’re con-fused and don’t always know what we’re doing and we’re staggering and stumbling to-wards Him, and have some humility in that process. And that means we have to speak up against those who would misuse His name to justify oppression, or violence, or hatred with that fierce certainty. No God condones terror. No grievance justifies the taking of innocent lives, or the oppression of those who are weaker or fewer in number. 
And so, as people of faith, we are sum-
moned to push back against those who try to distort our religion—any religion—for their own nihilistic ends. And here at home and around the world, we will constantly reaf-firm that fundamental freedom—freedom of religion—the right to practice our faith how we choose, to change our faith if we choose, to practice no faith at all if we choose, and to do so free of persecution and fear and dis-crimination. 
There’s wisdom in our founders writing in 
those documents that helped found this na-tion, the notion of freedom of religion, be-cause they understood the need for humility. They also understood the need to uphold freedom of speech, that there is a connection between freedom of speech and freedom of re-ligion. For to infringe on one right under the pretext of protecting another is a betrayal of both. 
But part of humility is also recognizing in 
modern, complicated, diverse societies, the functioning of these rights, the concern for the protection of theses rights calls for each of us to exercise civility and restraint and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:21 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29AP6.028 S29APPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2520 April 29, 2015 
judgment. And if, in fact, we defend the legal 
right of a person to insult another’s religion, we’re equally obligated to use our free speech to condemn such insults—[Ap-
plause]—and stand shoulder-to-shoulder with religious communities, particularly religious minorities who are the targets of such at-tacks. Just because you have the right to say something doesn’t mean the rest of us shouldn’t question those who would insult others in the name of free speech. Because we know that our nations are stronger when people of all faiths feel that they are wel-come, that they, too, are full and equal members of our countries. 
So humility I think is needed. And the sec-
ond thing we need is to uphold the distinc-tion between our faith and our governments. Between church and between state. The United States is one of the most religious countries in the world—far more religious than most Western developed countries. And one of the reasons is that our founders wisely embraced the separation of church and state. Our government does not sponsor a religion, nor does it pressure anyone to practice a par-ticular faith, or any faith at all. And the re-sult is a culture where people of all back-grounds and beliefs can freely and proudly worship, without fear, or coercion—so that when your listen to Darrell talk about his faith journey, you know it’s real. You know he’s not saying it because it helps him ad-vance, or because somebody told him to. It’s from the heart. 
That’s not the case in theocracies that re-
strict people’s choice of faith. It’s not the case in authoritarian governments that ele-vate an individual leader or a political party above the people, or in some cases, above the concept of God Himself. So the freedom of religion is a value we will continue to pro-tect here at home and stand up for around the world, and is one that we guard vigi-lantly here in the United States. 
Last year, we joined together to pray for 
the release of Christian missionary Kenneth Bae, held in North Korea for two years. And today, we give thanks that Kenneth is fi-nally back where he belongs—home with his family. [Applause] 
Last year we prayed together for Pastor 
Saeed Abedini, detained in Iran since 2012. And I was recently in Boise, Idaho, and had the opportunity to meet with Pastor Abedini’s beautiful wife and wonderful chil-dren and to convey to them that our country has not forgotten brother Saeed and that we’re doing everything that we can to bring him home. [Applause] And then, I received an extraordinary letter from Pastor Abedini. And in it, he describes his captivity, and ex-pressed his gratitude for my visit with his family, and thanked us all for standing in solidarity with him during his captivity. 
And Pastor Abedini wrote, ‘‘Nothing is 
more valuable to the Body of Christ than to see how the Lord is in control, and moves ahead of countries and leadership through united prayer.’’ And he closed his letter by describing himself as ‘‘prisoner for Christ, who is proud to be part of this great nation, the United States of America that cares for religious freedom around the world.’’ [Ap-plause] 
We’re going to keep up this work—for Pas-
tor Abedini and all those around the world who are unjustly held or persecuted because of their faith. And we’re grateful to our new Ambassador-at-Large for International Reli-gious Freedom, Rabbi David Saperstein—who has hit the ground running, and is heading to Iraq in a few days to help religious commu-nities there address some of those chal-lenges. Where’s David? I know he’s here somewhere. Thank you David for the great work you’re doing. [Applause] 
Humility; a suspicion of government get-
ting between us and our faith or trying to dictate our faiths, or elevate one faith over 
another. And, finally, let’s remember that if there is one law that we can all be most cer-tain of that seems to bind people of all faiths and people who are still finding their way to-wards faith but have a sense of ethics and morality in them—that one law, that Golden Rule that we should treat one another as we wish to be treated. The Torah says ‘‘Love thy neighbor as yourself.’’ In Islam, there is a Hadith that states: ‘‘None of you truly be-lieves until he loves for his brother what he loves for himself.’’ The Holy Bible tells us to ‘‘put on love, which binds everything to-gether in perfect harmony.’’ Put on love. 
Whatever our beliefs, whatever our tradi-
tions, we must seek to be instruments of peace, and bringing light where there is darkness, and sowing love where there is ha-tred. And this is the loving message of His Holiness Pope Francis. And like so many people around the world, I’ve been touched by his call to relieve suffering, and to show justice and mercy and compassion to the most vulnerable; to walk with the Lord and ask ‘‘Who am I to judge?’’ He challenges us to press on in what he calls our ‘‘march of living hope.’’ And like millions of Ameri-cans, I am very much looking forward to welcoming Pope Francis to the United States later this year. [Applause.] 
His Holiness expresses that basic law: 
Treat thy neighbor as thyself. The Dalai Lama—anybody who’s had an opportunity to be with him senses that same spirit. Kent Brantly expresses that same spirit. Kent was with Samaritan’s Purse, treating Ebola pa-tients in Liberia, when he contracted the virus himself. And with world-class medical care and a deep reliance on faith—with God’s help, Kent survived. [Applause.] 
And then by donating his plasma, he 
helped others survive as well. And he con-tinues to advocate for a global response in West Africa, reminding us that ‘‘our efforts need to be on loving the people there.’’ And I could not have been prouder to welcome Kent and his wonderful wife Amber to the Oval Office. We are blessed to have him here today—because he reminds us of what it means to really ‘‘love thy neighbor as thy-self.’’ Not just words, but deeds. 
Each of us has a role in fulfilling our com-
mon, greater purpose—not merely to seek high position, but to plumb greater depth so that we may find the strength to love more fully. And this is perhaps our greatest chal-lenge—to see our own reflection in each other; to be our brother’s keepers and sis-ter’s keepers, and to keep faith with one an-other. As children of God, let’s make that our work, together. 
As children of God, let’s work to end injus-
tice—injustice of poverty and hunger. No one should ever suffer from such want amid such plenty. As children of God, let’s work to eliminate the scourge of homelessness, be-cause as Sister Mary says, ‘‘None of us are home until all of us are home.’’ None of us are home until all of us are home. 
As children of God, let’s stand up for the 
dignity and value of every woman, and man, and child, because we are all equal in His eyes, and work to end the scourge and the sin of modern-day slavery and human traf-ficking, and ‘‘set the oppressed free.’’ [Ap-plause] 
If we are properly humble, if we drop to 
our knees on occasion, we will acknowledge that we never fully know God’s purpose. We can never fully fathom His amazing grace. ‘‘We see through a glass, darkly’’—grappling with the expanse of His awesome love. But even with our limits, we can heed that which is required: To do justice, and love kindness, and walk humbly with our God. 
I pray that we will. And as we journey to-
gether on this ‘‘march of living hope,’’ I pray that, in His name, we will run and not be 
weary, and walk and not be faint, and we will heed those words and ‘‘put on love.’’ 
May the Lord bless you and keep you, and 
may He bless this precious country that we love. 
Thank you all very much. [Applause] Senator C
ASEY : Mr. President, thank you 
for your message, and we’re honored by your presence here today. We close our program with one song and one prayer. Our last song this morning will be sung by a remarkable young man, and those words don’t do justice to who this person is. A young man from Tennessee named Quintavious Johnson. If you’re a fan of the television show, Amer-ica’s Got Talent, you might recognize him as one of last year’s finalists. But today, sing-ing at the National Prayer Breakfast in front of more than 3,500 at the age of 13. Just imagine that, that’s going to be hard to top. And now to sing the Lord’s Prayer, please welcome Quintavious Johnson. [Applause] 
Quintavious Johnson [Singing] 
Our Father, which art in heaven, Hallowed be thy name. Thy kingdom come 
and thy will be done 
On earth as it is in heaven. And give us this day our daily bread, And forgive us our debt, as we forgive our 
debtors. 
And lead us not into temptation, but deliver 
us from evil; 
For thine is the kingdom, and the power, And the glory, forever. Amen. 
[Applause] Senator C
ASEY : Wow! Quintavious, thank 
you for your great performance, we’re grate-ful you’re with us this morning. And finally this morning, our last prayer at this break-fast will be offered by an extraordinary pub-lic servant who also happens to be a min-ister. He’s a former Member of Congress, Ambassador to the United Nations, Mayor of Atlanta, and recipient of the Presidential Medal of Freedom, a well-known civil rights leader and friend of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. Our next speaker was instrumental in the civil rights campaigns in Selma, and in Bir-mingham that ultimately led to the passage of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, and the Vot-ing Rights Act of 1965. [Applause] But of all of his many titles and accomplishments, he’s most proud of his role as husband, father, and grandfather. Ladies and gentlemen, the Honorable Andrew Young. [Applause] 
The Honorable A
NDREW J. Y OUNG : This 
morning I woke up to the hearings of the Senate committee on your new appointment as Secretary of Defense. And as they went around talking about all of the dangers and problems that he must confront, and that you must face every day, I realized that’s why we need prayer. And I wondered, has the world ever been in this bad of shape? And I remember when I was about the age of Quintavious, even a little earlier, the Japa-nese bombed Pearl Harbor, and Germans were sinking ships, and America was far weaker then. We still had the same conflicts in Congress. We still had the same dif-ferences racially, and emotionally, and reli-giously, but somehow we pulled together and we heard the President say, ‘‘The only thing we have to fear is fear itself.’’ And then a lit-tle while later, in fact quite a while later, the people with whom we had gone to war be-came our best friends and our trading part-ners. And this country of ours helped unite the world, and in thanks for that, President Eisenhower asked that we come together and form this prayer breakfast, to thank God— for only the spirit of Jesus can forgive as we forgave, can reconcile enemies to each other, and that same Jesus that walked with Presi-dent Eisenhower and all the presidents since, therefore, with you Mr. President. And when 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:59 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29AP6.028 S29APPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2521 April 29, 2015 
I look at these young people from Mis-
sissippi, Senator, we have overcome so much. [Applause] And we thank you, and we thank 
all of you, and we thank God. May we pray: 
Be with us dear Father, as we take on the 
challenges of life, not just as government but as business, as private sector and nonprofit sector, as religious leaders, as community leaders, as volunteers, as fathers and moth-ers, as brothers and sisters, as mothers and sons, and fathers and daughters, bind us to-gether, heal our wounds, calm our spirits and make us always mindful that you came into the world to say you would make all things new, but that you would be with us always. So as we go through many dangers, toils, and snares by your amazing grace, make us al-ways mindful that your presence is in the midst of us. That each of us, because of you, know that we too are your children and that our Father loves us, forgives us, saves us by the mercy that we must share with each other and with the world in which we live. In the name of Jesus we pray, Amen. [Applause] 
Senator W
ICKER : Thank you, Ambassador 
Young. And as we conclude this, the 63rd An-nual National Prayer Breakfast—depart with these words of God from the Book of Num-bers: ‘‘The Lord bless you and keep you; the Lord make His face shine upon you and be gracious to you. The Lord lift up His coun-tenance upon you and give you peace.’’ Amen. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE FIFTH AMER-
ICAN PRISONER OF WAR FRIEND-SHIP DELEGATION TO JAPAN 
Mrs. BOXER. Mr. President, I wish to 
honor veterans from America’s ‘‘great-est generation’’ who were held captive as prisoners of war, POWs, by Japan during World War II and to recognize seven veterans—including three from California—who recently participated in a historic trip to Japan to promote reconciliation and remembrance. 
At the invitation of the Japanese 
Government, the veterans were joined by their family members to become the 5th delegation of American POWs to visit Japan as part of the official Japa-nese-American POW Friendship Pro-gram that began in 2010. 
These brave men fought in the his-
toric first battles of World War II and endured years of hardship as POWs. This year, as we commemorate the 70th anniversary of the end of World War II, I want to recognize them and honor their service and sacrifice. 
Anthony Costa, 95, from Concord, CA, 
was a private first class in the famed 4th Marine Regiment, also known as the China Marines, which arrived in the Philippines days before the Japa-nese invasion. He fought to defend the island of Corregidor in the Philippines from December 1941 to May 1942 before he was captured by the Japanese. As a POW, Private Costa was force-marched through Manila and taken to the Caba-natuan prison camp, where thousands of POWs died from starvation, dehydra-tion and abuse. He was then moved to Japan to work as a slave dockworker in the freight yards in and around Osaka before being liberated in Sep-tember 1945. He was awarded the Bronze Star and the Purple Heart. 
William Sanchez, 96, from Monterey 
Park, CA, was an Army sergeant with the 59th Coast Artillery assigned to the 
island of Corregidor in the Philippines where he helped defend the harbor against the Japanese invasion. In May 1942, Sergeant Sanchez and the rest of his division were captured and paraded through the streets of Manila to Bilibid Prison. He was later transported to Japan in the hold of a Japanese hell ship, where he endured a 33-day oceanic journey plagued by dysentery, malaria and malnutrition before reaching Camp Omori. At the POW camp, he was forced to work as a slave laborer and dockworker at the railway yards in Tokyo prior to his liberation in August 1945. 
Jack Schwartz, 100, from Hanford, 
CA, was a Navy lieutenant junior grade serving on Guam when the Japanese Navy attacked the island on December 8, 1941. When Guam fell to the Japa-nese, Lieutenant Schwartz was taken to a POW camp in Japan where he was repeatedly beaten, starved and pro-vided insufficient clothing to endure the harsh winters. He was sent to sev-eral POW camps before being moved to Camp Rokuroshi, which was hidden in the Japanese Alps. After being liber-ated on September 8, 1945, he remained in the Navy and retired after a distin-guished career in 1962. 
My constituents were joined on their 
trip by Daniel Crowley, 92, of Con-necticut, an Army Air Corps infantry-man who participated in the defense of Bataan and Corregidor; Oral Nichols, 93, of New Mexico, who served as a ci-vilian medic in the historic defense of Wake Island; Warren Jorgenson, 93, of Nebraska, a marine who defended Cor-regidor; and Darrell Stark, 91, of Con-necticut, who served as an Army infan-tryman on the Bataan Peninsula. 
This trip was part of a reconciliation 
process that, while undoubtedly pain-ful, is critical to help provide closure to POWs and their families and con-tinue building stronger relations be-tween the U.S. and Japan. It is impor-tant that this reconciliation program continue so that this history is remem-bered and the families can continue to heal. 
f 
REMEMBERING PETTY OFFICER 
SECOND CLASS HEIDI FRIEDMAN 
Mrs. SHAHEEN. Mr. President, today 
I have the solemn duty of memori-alizing U.S. Navy PO2 Heidi Jo Fried-man, a New Hampshire native who was tragically killed on April 12 at the age of 33. Petty Officer Friedman was serv-ing aboard the aircraft carrier USS George H. W. Bush as an engineman, 
having transferred from Navy Oper-ation Support Center Manchester in January. She entered the Navy in 2002, and previously served on the guided- missile destroyer USS Ross and in the 
Navy Reserve with Amphibious Con-struction Battalion Two Detachment 101. 
Heidi was born on June 28, 1981 to her 
father Robert, a retired Navy chief petty officer, and her mother Shari Murray. She graduated from Ledyard 
High School, in Ledyard, CT, and en-joyed volunteering as a mentor to chil-dren and with the U.S. Marine Corps Reserve Toys for Tots Foundation. Heidi was also a lifetime Girl Scout with a passion for rugby and traveling. To those who knew her, Heidi was a loving and caring friend—someone who touched people in a positive way. I know there are many who feel her ab-sence deeply. 
Petty Officer Friedman is survived 
by her mother Shari L. Murray, her fa-ther and stepmother Robert B. and Laurie E. Friedman, her grandmother Arlene Canin, her brother Michael L. and wife Erin Friedman, three step-sisters: Jaime and wife Rochelle, Kara and Maria and fiance ´e Chris; three 
stepbrothers, Cito and fiance ´e Lyne, 
Quique and wife Amanda and Nolan; two nephews, Alexander and Ashton; and many aunts, uncles and cousins. 
On behalf of the people of New Hamp-
shire, I ask my colleagues and all Americans to join me in honoring the life and service of PO2 Heidi Jo Fried-man. 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
CONGRATULATING SALLY 
WAGNER 
∑Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, too 
often we forget or take for granted just how important teachers are. I try not to do that because I married one. But the positive impact teachers have on our youth and on society is incalcu-lable. Today, I would like to take a mo-ment to acknowledge one outstanding teacher who is retiring after a distin-guished 40-year career—the last 34 years of which have been spent at Elea-nor Roosevelt High School, ERHS, in Greenbelt, MD—Ms. Sally S. Wagner. Ms. Wagner is the chair of the Instru-mental Music Department at ERHS. In 2005, a Washington Post article took note of Ms. Wagner’s extraordinary achievements as an educator noting, ‘‘The school [ERHS] has several leg-endary teachers, including band direc-tor Sally Wagner . . . and a 750-student musical juggernaut with so many en-sembles and bands that one can barely keep count.’’ 
For the past several years, we have 
been properly involved in an effort to improve so-called STEM education in this country. That acronym stands for science, technology, engineering, and mathematics. Bolstering STEM edu-cation is important for economic com-petitiveness, national security, and keeping America at the forefront of the technological changes that will make life better for all of humanity. But too many schools, grappling with budget cuts, have scaled back or even elimi-nated their arts and music curricula. Fortunately, there is burgeoning awareness of the importance of these courses, too. And now people are talk-ing about STEAM, where the ‘‘A’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:21 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29AP6.029 S29APPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2522 April 29, 2015 
stands for arts and music. All of these 
subjects are interrelated and com-plementary. After all, it was Albert Einstein who said, ‘‘The greatest sci-entists are artists as well’’ and who would play the violin or piano for in-tuition or inspiration when he became ‘‘stuck’’ on one of his formulas or equa-tions. 
Fortunately for the students at 
ERHS, which is an outstanding science and technology school, by the way, the music program has always been robust, too, and Ms. Wagner has been in charge. Her career in music began when she was a child, with piano les-sons. In the sixth grade, she started learning how to play the trombone. She ultimately earned her degrees from Michigan State University and the University of Delaware. Teaching and bands are her passion. In 2001, Ms. Wagner was cited in School Band and Orchestra Magazine as one of ‘‘50 Di-rectors Who Make a Difference’’ and she received the Maryland Music Edu-cators Association Outstanding Music Teacher Award. In 2006, Ms. Wagner re-ceived the National Honor Society Out-standing Teacher Award and the Claes Nobel Educator of Distinction Award. Claes Nobel—the grand-nephew of Al-fred Nobel—established the National Society of High School Scholars, which made the award. 
Ms. Wagner is a Music Educators Na-
tional Conference, MENC—now known as the National Association for Music Education, or NAfME, Nationally Reg-istered Music Educator. She received the Prince George’s County Chamber of Commerce Outstanding Educator Award, Excellence in Teaching Awards from Prince George’s County Public Schools, the County Council, the Mary-land House of Delegates and the Gov-ernor of Maryland, and was recognized in 1994 by the University of Maryland Center for Teaching Excellence. 
Ms. Wagner is a member of MENC/ 
NAfME, the Women Band Directors International, the Maryland Music Educators Association, and the Mary-land Band Directors Association. She is active as an adjudicator, clinician, and guest conductor, and she writes arti-cles for The Woman Conductor and BandWorld Magazine. 
These are numerous accolades and 
tremendous accomplishments, to be sure. But what is most important is the love that Ms. Wagner has for her stu-dents—at least one of whom is a second generation ERHS band musician—and the love and respect and admiration they have for her in return. She built the ERHS instrumental music program with incomparable care for every one of her students. Her love of music, teaching, and performing is evident in each and every interaction she has with her students, their parents, col-leagues, and others in the community. She has touched and inspired thou-sands of students over her career with her talent, hard work, joy, dedication, sense of humor, intellect, leadership, kindness, and—above all—love. She has taught her students about responsi-
bility, dedication, teamwork, and the pursuit of excellence. Of course, these lessons aren’t just about music; they are important lessons about life. 
Just a couple of comments posted by 
students on the ERHS Facebook page tell the story. One student wrote, ‘‘She is totally awesome. I swear, she is the most amazing teacher ever. She makes my day, every day. I’m just crossing my fingers and praying that she won’t retire before I graduate!’’ Another stu-dent wrote, ‘‘Ms. Wagner inspired me to do my absolute best in music and helped me discover how important music is in my life. She is my hero.’’ Another wrote, ‘‘Instrument rentals: $25. Uniform fee: $20. Being in her class: priceless.’’ Another student wrote, ‘‘She always encouraged me to excel. She pushed me and believed in me. I learned more from her than anyone. She was the greatest teacher! Her love for music shines through.’’ Finally, from an alumnus, ‘‘I had Ms. Wagner way back in 1985—she was great back then, and it is great to see that she is still well-loved.’’ 
In 2004, the ERHS band community of 
students, parents, and alumni commis-sioned the score ‘‘Under the Magical Wing’’ as a tribute to Ms. Wagner in appreciation and recognition of her dedication to the ERHS music pro-gram. Now the ERHS community has established the ‘‘Sally Wagner Per-forming Arts Space,’’ a new black box theatre at ERHS. 
U2’s Bono has said, ‘‘Music can 
change the world because it can change people.’’ If that is true, and I believe it is, think of the world-changing impact Ms. Wagner has had over the course of her career. Think of the joy she has brought to so many people. I would ask my colleagues here in the Senate to join me in thanking Ms. Sally Wagner for her extraordinary contributions and congratulate her on her retire-ment. Strike up the band. ∑ 
f 
REMEMBERING SANDRA 
WISECAVER 
∑Mr. CRAPO. Mr. President, today I 
honor the life and legacy of Sandra Wisecaver, owner and operator of the Buhl Herald in Buhl, ID. Sandra leaves an enduring legacy of dedication to her community and deep personal strength. 
Sandra is remembered as a remark-
able journalist, who led the Buhl Her-ald as owner and operator since 2005 after working at the newspaper for many years. She started working at the paper as a senior at Buhl High School and worked for the paper while attending the College of Southern Idaho. After working in other fields, she became the Castleford cor-respondent for the paper in 1987, and returned to the Herald in 1992. She worked as reporter and editor before purchasing the newspaper 10 years ago. Sandra’s commitment to providing an outlet for stories about the achieve-ments of area youth and a sound chron-icle of community events will not be 
forgotten. She worked hard to ensure that the stories that mattered to her community reached her readership. 
A native of Buhl, Sandra’s roots were 
firmly planted in the community she loved. She was born on August 30, 1949, to Jess and Vina Wilson of Buhl. In 1967, she graduated from Buhl High School and married Joe Wisecaver in 1969. In addition to her work at the newspaper, she also worked in Green Giant’s payroll department, worked at the Corner Merc in Castleford, and Sandra and Joe maintained the con-tract for the mail delivery to Roseworth. She was a community lead-er also, dedicating considerable time as a 4–H leader, Cub Scout den mother, and baseball and softball cheer mom and driver. 
Sandra’s personal strength cannot be 
overstated. Beyond her role at the newspaper and in the community, San-dra was an example of fortitude. She overcame a stroke and persevered through stage IV kidney cancer to con-tinue to publish the newspaper that had a central role in Buhl for more than a century. Her grit and deter-mination was inspiring. She is an ex-ceptional example of staying power and commitment to her community. 
I extend my condolences to her hus-
band Joe; her children, Angela and Joe Jr.; their families, including her three grandchildren; her many friends and the Buhl community. Sandra Wisecaver was an amazing woman who leaves behind a legacy of thoughtful and determined leadership. ∑ 
f 
RECOGNIZING TANNER 
ARCHULETA, JACOB JAVORSKY, AND AMANDA BUXTON 
∑Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I wish to 
recognize three outstanding Montana students who exemplified true bravery and heroism last week. 
Tanner Archuleta and Jacob 
Javorsky from Flathead High School in Kalispell, MT, rushed to help when they saw smoke billowing from a house down the street from school. Tanner raced into the house and awoke Ryan Murray, who escaped the burning house safely with his dog. Separately, Aman-da Buxton took action on her way to school and alerted authorities to the fire, providing fire crews much needed timely information. 
Tanner, Jacob and Amanda deserve 
much recognition for their ability to act quickly and selflessly in an emer-gency. Their quick thinking saved the life of a fellow Montanan. They are ad-mirable young Montanans and deserve endless thanks. ∑ 
f 
MILITARY ACADEMY 
APPOINTMENTS 
∑Mr. LEE. Mr. President, each year 
members of Congress are authorized, under title 10 of the U.S. Code, to nominate a number of young men and women from their district or State to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:21 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29AP6.035 S29APPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2523 April 29, 2015 
attend the U.S. Air Force Academy, 
the U.S. Military Academy, and the U.S. Naval Academy. But receiving a congressional nomination is no guar-antee of acceptance. To be admitted, each applicant must meet—on his or her own merits—the academies’ rig-orous standards. 
I am proud to announce the names of 
20 outstanding Utahns who have met these standards and who will attend one of the academies in the summer of 2015. This is more than twice as many accepted applicants than I have ever seen in my 5 years in the Senate. 
Each of these 20 students is of sound 
mind and body. This will serve them well in Colorado Springs, West Point, and Annapolis. But to succeed, they will need more than this. 
The journey these young men and 
women are about to begin requires more than intellectual and physical fitness. It also demands strong moral character—leadership, courage, hon-esty, prudence, and self-discipline. And it calls for a commitment to service and a love of country. 
Today, I would like to recognize and 
congratulate each of these impressive students, all of whom embody, in their own unique way, the standards of ex-cellence on which America’s service academies are built. 
Cole Bennett Biedermann will be at-
tending the U.S. Air Force Academy. Cole will be graduating from Skyline High School, where he was a member of the National Honor Society, captain of the track team, and president of the physics club. Dedicated to helping those around him and serving his com-munity, Cole tutored his high school classmates and volunteered at the Huntsman Cancer Institute. 
Jonsen Koy Crandall will be return-
ing to the U.S. Air Force Academy after serving for two years in Taichung, Taiwan on a mission for the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. A graduate of South Summit High School, where he was a two-time State champion wrestler, Jonsen is currently attending Dixie State Uni-versity, where he served as an out-standing intern in my St. George of-fice. 
Thomas Abram Davenport will be at-
tending the U.S. Military Academy at West Point. Thomas will be coming to West Point from Brigham Young Uni-versity-Hawaii, where he participated in the ROTC. Originally from Draper, UT, Thomas earned his Eagle Scout, attended Boys State, was a member of the National Honor Society, and toured with the service, singing, and per-forming group Clayton Productions. 
McKenna Elise Fox will be returning 
to the U.S. Air Force Academy, where she played on the women’s soccer team, after serving in the Guayaquil North Mission for the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. McKenna graduated from Lone Peak High School, where she was recognized as an outstanding student and served as cap-tain of the soccer team. Stephen William Kelly, from Juan 
Diego Catholic High School, will be at-tending the U.S. Military Academy at West Point. Excelling in music, ath-letics, and academics, Stephen played in the drum line and steel band, was an award-winning pitcher for the baseball team, and never missed an honor role while in high school. Stephen also par-ticipated in the FIRST Robotics Com-petition and served as a volunteer for the Knights of Columbus. 
Paul Michael Lee will be attending 
the U.S. Air Force Academy. A grad-uate of Northridge High School, and currently enrolled in Northwestern Preparatory School, Paul participated in the Air Force JROTC and was a member of the National Honor Society. Having spent a portion of his childhood with his family on the Yongsan Garri-son Army Base in South Korea, Paul would later become involved in Model United Nations. He is also an accom-plished table tennis player. 
Brandon Arthur Lloyd will be return-
ing to the U.S. Air Force Academy after serving for 2 years in Berlin, Ger-many on a mission for the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. A graduate from Highland High School and the Air Force Academy Prep School, Brandon earned his Eagle Scout, attended Boys State, and was named Wrestler of the Year while serv-ing as team captain. 
Jace Aukela Miller, from American 
Fork High School, will be attending the U.S. Air Force Academy. A model student athlete, Jace was a member of the National Honor Society and cap-tain, as well as most valuable player of the lacrosse team. In addition to work-ing as a lifeguard at the American Fork Recreation Center, Jace volun-teered his time teaching outdoor ad-venture skills to at-risk youth. 
Tanner Scott Munson will be attend-
ing the U.S. Naval Academy. Tanner will be graduating from Lehi High School, where he was a member of the National Honor Society and captain of the soccer team. An exemplar of com-munity service and civic participation, Tanner served as a member of the Lehi City Youth Council, an intern with Lehi Fire and Rescue, and a volunteer with special-needs children. 
Julia ‘‘Genna’’ Genevieve Murray 
will be attending the U.S. Military Academy at West Point. A Utah State champion sprinter and captain of the track and field team, Genna will be graduating from Springville High School. In addition to serving as a vol-unteer with at-risk youth, Genna is an outstanding student and a member of the National Honor Society. 
Taylor Mize Porges, from Park City 
High School, will be attending the U.S. Naval Academy. Excelling in aca-demics and athletics, Taylor was a member of the National Honor Society, captain of the soccer team, and presi-dent of Park City Climbing Club. In ad-dition to serving as a volunteer with Youthlinc in South America, he par-ticipated in the Park City Center for Advanced Professional Studies, where 
he helped create a 3–D model of the Heber Airport for flight simulation programs. 
Joshua Dalton Proulx will be attend-
ing the U.S. Air Force Academy. A graduate of Bonneville High School, Joshua is currently attending Greystone Preparatory School at Schreiner University. In addition to being an Eagle Scout, Joshua was a member of the National Honor Society and captain of the cross country and track and field teams. He also served as president of the Parent Teacher Stu-dent Association and participated in the Civil Air Patrol. 
Mormon Joseph Ephraim Redd will 
be returning to the U.S. Air Force Academy after spending the past 2 years serving in the Japan Fukuoka mission for the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. Originally from Farmington, UT, Mormon is the sev-enth brother in his family to serve in the Armed Forces. He graduated from Viewmont High School, where he was captain of the wrestling team and an honor student. He has also volunteered with the Youthlinc humanitarian pro-grams. 
Corben David Ruf, from North Sum-
mit High School, will be attending the U.S. Air Force Academy. At North Summit, Corben distinguished himself in student government, as student body president; in academics, as a Gen-eral Sterling Scholar and member of the National Honor Society; and in athletics, as captain of the football and wrestling teams. He also attended the Utah National Guard Freedom and Leadership Academy and won best sup-porting actor in the Utah Festival Opera. 
Matthew Walker Schvaneveldt will 
be attending the U.S. Military Acad-emy at West Point. Currently attend-ing the Northern Utah Academy for Math, Engineering and Science, as well as Weber State University, Matthew is an Eagle Scout, attended Boys State, and was captain of the wrestling team. He also received the volunteer of the year award from McKay-Dee Hospital, and served as president of his school’s National Honor Society. 
Parker Dawson Sharp, a graduate of 
both Wasatch High School and North-western Preparatory School, will be at-tending the U.S. Naval Academy. In ad-dition to earning his Eagle Scout, Parker has excelled in music, as an ac-complished cellist, pianist, and vocal-ist. He also participated in Model United Nations, and is a Krav Maga en-thusiast. Parker is currently attending the University of Utah. 
Dean Quentin Smith, from 
Timpanogos High School, will be at-tending the U.S. Military Academy at West Point. As an Eagle Scout, captain of the wrestling and baseball teams, and president of the Chinese Club, Dean has been a leader in all of his pur-suits. He was also a member of the Na-tional Honor Society, and he volun-teered with special-needs children. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:21 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29AP6.007 S29APPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2524 April 29, 2015 
Dietrich Gregory Streuber will be at-
tending the U.S. Military Academy at West Point. Dietrich will be graduating from Morgan High School, where he was a member of the debate team and the National Honor Society, as well as captain of the football team. Dietrich also earned his Eagle Scout, attended Boys State, and participated in the Weber-Morgan Governing Youth Coun-cil. 
Christopher Mark Vincent, from Sky-
line High School, will be attending the U.S. Naval Academy. A recipient of the Kiwanis Hope of American Leadership Award, Christopher is an Eagle Scout and captain of the Skyline High School debate team. He also attended Boys State and the Utah National Guard Freedom and Leadership Academy. 
Jacob Henry Witt, currently a lance 
corporal in the U.S. Marine Corps, will be attending the U.S. Naval Academy. A graduate of Wasatch High School, Jacob was the captain of the tennis team and a member of the National Honor Society. He was a member of the Future Business Leaders of America, FBLA, State championship team, and he received first place in the Marine Corps essay contest for his writing on the U.S. Constitution and The Fed-eralist Papers. 
It has been an honor and an inspira-
tion to meet and to nominate each of these young men and women. Doing so has given me an unshakeable con-fidence in the future of this great Na-tion and the future of our armed serv-ices. 
But to these 20 students, and to all 
their future classmates from around the country, do not forget: this is but the beginning of your journey. 
You would not have arrived at this 
point were it not for your hard work and sacrifice. But what matters most now is not your accomplishments of the past, but what you have yet to achieve in the future. ∑ 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE WASHINGTON 
STATE MEMBERS OF THE NA-TIONAL ASSOCIATION OF LET-TER CARRIERS 
∑Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, today 
I express my deep gratitude and appre-ciation for the National Association of Letter Carriers, especially its members in my home State of Washington. 
On Saturday, May 9, letter carriers 
throughout Washington State will join their colleagues from around the coun-try for their Stamp Out Hunger food drive, an annual event that has pro-vided needed meals to so many. In more than 10,000 cities and towns across our country, letter carriers use our mail delivery network to collect donated food. 
The food drive, now in its 23rd year, 
is a shining example of their commit-ment to our communities. In addition to the excellent service they provide as part of their daily work, these dedi-cated men and women will be picking up donated food on a Saturday to de-liver to food banks and pantries in 
their communities. In 2010, the food drive reached an amazing milestone as it surpassed the 1-billion-pound mark for collections. 
I thank the men and women of the 
National Association of Letter Carriers for their hard work and commitment to their communities, and I wish them the best with this year’s Stamp Out Hunger food drive. ∑ 
f 
RECOGNIZING JOHN JAY COLLEGE 
OF CRIMINAL JUSTICE 
∑Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I rise 
today to congratulate John Jay Col-lege of Criminal Justice on the occa-sion of their 50th anniversary. 
Located in the cultural heart of New 
York City, John Jay College is one of the Nation’s leading liberal arts insti-tutions of higher education with a mis-sion of ‘‘educating for justice.’’ For 50 years, John Jay College has produced leaders, scholars, and heroes in polic-ing, including forensic science, law, fire and emergency management, so-cial work, teaching, private security, forensic psychology, and corrections. As an international leader in educating for justice, John Jay offers a rich lib-eral arts and professional studies cur-riculum to upwards of 15,000 under-graduate and graduate students from more than 135 nations, including over 47 percent first-generation students and more than 500 veterans. John Jay College is ranked No. 3 in the Nation as a ‘‘Best for Vet’’ institution by Mili-tary Times in their 2015 national col-lege rankings of 600 universities and colleges. 
In the 1960s, a small and dedicated 
group of academic visionaries came to-gether to develop a plan for a new col-lege named the College of Police Science within the City University of New York. Within a year, the college was renamed the John Jay College of Criminal Justice to reflect broader as-pirations and achievements in criminal justice, leadership, and public service. John Jay was the first Chief Justice of the United States Supreme Court and served as Governor of our great State of New York. The college opened in 1965 with 1,000 students and one major. 
The challenges and hard work envi-
sioned when John Jay College was cre-ated continue today. John Jay College is a critical part of New York. The spir-it of John Jay College of Criminal Jus-tice can be found in its students, Pul-itzer Prize-winning faculty, and enthu-siastic administrators who form a, civic-minded community of motivated and intellectually curious individuals committed to public service and global citizenship. 
For example, earlier this year, the 
National Ethnic Coalition of Organiza-tions, NECO, established a scholarship at John Jay College in memory of New York City Police Department Detec-tives Rafael Ramos and Wenjian Liu, who lost their lives in December 2014 while serving the citizens of New York. The scholarship was announced on 
March 11 during the college’s NYPD alumni reception held in celebration of the longstanding partnership and col-laboration with the NYPD. Of course, September 11, 2001 had a profound im-pact on the campus and served as a cat-alyst to honor the 67 students, faculty, and alumni who lost their lives that day. John Jay established a variety of initiatives, programs, research centers, scholarships, including the creation of the Center on Terrorism to study glob-al terrorism and the Christian Regenhard Center for Emergency Re-sponse Studies, named after a proba-tionary firefighter killed at the World Trade Center. As one of the leading in-stitutions in the country in the field of criminal justice and public safety, John Jay College is one of the few in-stitutions to offer M.A. students a cer-tificate in the critical study of ter-rorism. 
John Jay College’s commitment to 
diversity is shown by the fact that it 
has the highest Hispanic enrollment of any 4-year college in the Northeastern United States, and it has ranked No. 1 in the Nation in awarding bachelor’s degree in protective services, No. 3 in psychology degrees, and No. 7 in public administration. John Jay’s under-graduate, graduate and doctoral foren-sic degree programs are top ranking. The College’s Master of Public Admin-istration programs recently received the Diversity and Social Equity Awards by the Network of Schools of Public Policy, Affairs and Administra-tion. The nationally recognized Pro-gram for Research Initiatives in Science and Math, PRISM, at John Jay College engages underrepresented stu-dents in careers in science and math by providing an opportunity for them to participate in faculty-mentored sci-entific research in areas like molecular biology, toxicology, criminalistics and computer science, and partake in pro-fessional research conferences while completing their degree. Since its in-ception, graduation numbers from the College’s science majors have tripled, and the number of students, and espe-cially underrepresented minority stu-dents, moving on to doctoral and med-ical degrees has grown five-fold. 
John Jay’s faculty personify excel-
lence—they include Pulitzer Prize win-ners, Presidential scholars, recipients of prestigious book awards, presidents of leading professional organizations, and editors of prominent scholarly journals. They have been recognized by their peers and even by the White House for their dedication to teaching, research, and mentoring. The college’s students regularly win prestigious scholarships, including the Marshal Scholarship, internships, including the White House Internship, and fellow-ships, including Fulbright, JK Watson and the National Science Foundation Graduate Research Fellowship. They are also accepted to high-profile grad-uate and professional schools. Their alumni number more than 54,000, many 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:21 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29AP6.007 S29APPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2525 April 29, 2015 
of whom hold leadership roles in public 
sector agencies, including the United States Marshals Service, the FBI, the U.S. Postal Inspection Service, the Equal Employment Opportunity Com-mission, the National Parks Service, the State Department, Peace Corps, the United Nations, and private compa-nies in the United States and world-wide. 
Affordability is an essential compo-
nent of the college’s core mission. At a time when over 37 million Americans are saddled with over $1 trillion in stu-dent debt, John Jay College was re-cently named one of the top 10 colleges where students graduate with the least debt. Only 20 percent of John Jay stu-dents were compelled to borrow money to finance their college education, less than one-third of the national average. And the vast majority of John Jay stu-dents graduate debt-free—enabling them to become successful in service for others without having to spend years paying off their student loans. In fact John Jay College was recently ranked No. 4 in the ‘‘Best Bang for the Buck’’ in the Northeast rankings in Washington Monthly’s College guide. 
John Jay develops fierce advocates 
for justice—each committed every day to building a better democracy. I am proud to represent John Jay College of Criminal Justice and the values that it stands for and works for every day. Congratulations to John Jay College on this very important day and its 50- year record of fighting for justice. ∑ 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE 
At 12:43 p.m., a message from the 
House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the House has passed the following bills, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 172. An act to designate the United 
States courthouse located at 501 East Court Street in Jackson, Mississippi, as the ‘‘R. Jess Brown United States Courthouse’’. 
H.R. 373. An act to direct the Secretary of 
the Interior and Secretary of Agriculture to expedite access to certain Federal land under the administrative jurisdiction of each Sec-retary for good Samaritan search-and-recov-ery missions, and for other purposes. 
H.R. 984. An act to amend the National 
Trails System Act to direct the Secretary of the Interior to conduct a study on the feasi-bility of designating the Chief Standing Bear National Historic Trail, and for other pur-poses. 
H.R. 1075. An act to designate the United 
States Customs and Border Protection Port of Entry located at First Street and Pan American Avenue in Douglas, Arizona, as the ‘‘Raul Hector Castro Port of Entry’’. 
H.R. 1324. An act to adjust the boundary of 
the Arapaho National Forest, Colorado, and for other purposes. 
H.R. 1690. An act to designate the United 
States courthouse located at 700 Grant Street in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, as the ‘‘Joseph F. Weis Jr. United States Court-house’’. 
The message also announced that 
pursuant to 44 U.S.C. 2702 and the order of the House of January 6, 2015, the Speaker appoints the following indi-vidual on the part of the House of Rep-
resentatives to the Advisory Com-mittee on the Records of Congress: Mr. Jeffrey W. Thomas of Columbus, Ohio. 
f 
MEASURES REFERRED 
The following bills were read the first 
and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 172. An act to designate the United 
States courthouse located at 501 East Court Street in Jackson, Mississippi, as the ‘‘R. Jess Brown United States Courthouse’’; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
H.R. 373. An act to direct the Secretary of 
the Interior and Secretary of Agriculture to expedite access to certain Federal land under the administrative jurisdiction of each Sec-retary for good Samaritan search-and-recov-ery missions, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. 
H.R. 984. An act to amend the National 
Trails System Act to direct the Secretary of the Interior to conduct a study on the feasi-bility of designating the Chief Standing Bear National Historic Trail, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Energy and Nat-ural Resources. 
H.R. 1075. An act to designate the United 
States Customs and Border Protection Port of Entry located at First Street and Pan American Avenue in Douglas, Arizona, as the ‘‘Raul Hector Castro Port of Entry’’; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
H.R. 1324. An act to adjust the boundary of 
the Arapaho National Forest, Colorado, and for other purposes; to the Committee on En-ergy and Natural Resources. 
H.R. 1690. An act to designate the United 
States courthouse located at 700 Grant Street in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, as the ‘‘Joseph F. Weis Jr. United States Court-house’’; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER 
COMMUNICATIONS 
The following communications were 
laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–1384. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Safludenacil; Pesticide Tolerances’’ (FRL No. 9923–57) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 22, 2015; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. 
EC–1385. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Bicyclopyrone; Pesticide Tolerances’’ (FRL No. 9926–66) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 22, 2015; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. 
EC–1386. A communication from the Con-
gressional Review Coordinator , Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service, Department of Agriculture, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Importa-tion of Apples From China’’ ((RIN0579–AD89) (Docket No. APHIS–2014–0003)) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 24, 2015; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nu-trition, and Forestry. EC–1387. A communication from the Con-
gressional Review Coordinator, Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service, Department of Agriculture, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Importa-tion of Papayas From Peru’’ ((RIN0579–AD68) (Docket No. APHIS–2012–0014)) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 24, 2015; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nu-trition, and Forestry. 
EC–1388. A communication from the Assist-
ant Director, Executive and Political Per-sonnel, Department of Defense, transmit-ting, a report relative to a vacancy in the po-sition of Under Secretary of the Air Force, received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 22, 2015; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
EC–1389. A communication from the Assist-
ant Director, Senior Executive Management Office, Department of Defense, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a va-cancy in the position of Assistant Secretary of the Navy (Manpower and Reserve Affairs), Department of the Navy, received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on April 22, 2015; to the Committee on Armed Serv-ices. 
EC–1390. A communication from the Assist-
ant Director, Senior Executive Management Office, Department of Defense, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a va-cancy in the position of Under Secretary of Defense (Personnel and Readiness), Depart-ment of Defense, received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 22, 2015; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
EC–1391. A communication from the Assist-
ant Director, Senior Executive Management Office, Department of Defense, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a va-cancy in the position of Under Secretary of Defense (Personnel and Readiness), Depart-ment of Defense, received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 22, 2015; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
EC–1392. A communication from the Under 
Secretary of Defense (Personnel and Readi-ness), Department of Defense, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘2015 Re-port to Congress on Sustainable Ranges’’; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
EC–1393. A communication from the Chief 
Counsel, Federal Emergency Management Agency, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Suspension of Community Eligibility’’ ((44 CFR Part 64) (Docket No. FEMA–2015–0001)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 23, 2015; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–1394. A communication from the Chief 
Counsel, Federal Emergency Management Agency, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Suspension of Community Eligibility’’ ((44 CFR Part 64) (Docket No. FEMA–2015–0001)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 22, 2015; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–1395. A communication from the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a six-month periodic report on the national emergency declared in Execu-tive Order 12978 of October 21, 1995, with re-spect to significant narcotics traffickers cen-tered in Colombia; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–1396. A communication from the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a six-month periodic report on the national emergency with respect to the situation in or in relation to the Democratic Republic of the Congo that was declared in Executive Order 13413 of October 27, 2006; to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:21 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29AP6.016 S29APPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2526 April 29, 2015 
the Committee on Banking, Housing, and 
Urban Affairs. 
EC–1397. A communication from the Sec-
retary of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to the export to the People’s Republic of China of items not det-rimental to the U.S. space launch industry; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–1398. A communication from the Prin-
cipal Deputy Assistant Secretary for Fish and Wildlife and Parks, National Park Serv-ice, Department of the Interior, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Special Regulations, Areas of the Na-tional Park System, Bryce Canyon National Park, Bicycling’’ (RIN1024–AE23) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 27, 2015; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
EC–1399. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary, Bureau of Political-Military Affairs, Department of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, an addendum to a certifi-cation of the proposed sale or export of de-fense articles and/or defense services to a Middle East country (OSS–2015–0468); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
EC–1400. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary, Bureau of Political-Military Affairs, Department of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, an addendum to a certifi-cation of the proposed sale or export of de-fense articles and/or defense services to a Middle East country (OSS–2015–0467); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
EC–1401. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary, Bureau of Political-Military Affairs, Department of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, an addendum to a certifi-cation of the proposed sale or export of de-fense articles and/or defense services to a Middle East country (OSS–2015–0466); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
EC–1402. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary, Bureau of Political-Military Affairs, Department of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, an addendum to a certifi-cation of the proposed sale or export of de-fense articles and/or defense services to a Middle East country (OSS–2015–0465); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
EC–1403. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary, Bureau of Political-Military Affairs, Department of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, an addendum to a certifi-cation of the proposed sale or export of de-fense articles and/or defense services to a Middle East country (OSS–2015–0470); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
EC–1404. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary, Bureau of Political-Military Affairs, Department of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, an addendum to a certifi-cation of the proposed sale or export of de-fense articles and/or defense services to a Middle East country (OSS–2015–0469); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
EC–1405. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a strategy for Sup-port for Russia Democracy and Civil Society Organizations; a strategy for Assistance to Civil Society in Ukraine; and a strategy for Anticipated Defense Articles, Defense Serv-ices, and Training to Ukraine (OSS–2015– 0471); to the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions. 
EC–1406. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to sections 36(c) and 36(d) of the Arms Export Control Act (DDTC 14–129); to the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions. 
EC–1407. A communication from the Assist-
ant Legal Adviser for Treaty Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to the 
Case-Zablocki Act, 1 U.S.C. 112b, as amended, the report of the texts and background state-ments of international agreements, other than treaties (List 2015–0032—2015–0035); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
EC–1408. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to the activities of the Millennium Challenge Corporation during fiscal year 2014; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
EC–1409. A communication from the Acting 
Director, National Marine Fisheries Service, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska: Sablefish Managed Under the In-dividual Fishing Quota Program’’ (RIN0648– XD818) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 22, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
EC–1410. A communication from the Dep-
uty Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, National Marine Fisheries Serv-ice, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Pacific Halibut Fisheries; Catch Sharing Plan’’ (RIN0648–BE69) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 22, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1411. A communication from the Dep-
uty Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, National Marine Fisheries Serv-ice, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘International Fisheries; Western and Cen-tral Pacific Fisheries for Highly Migratory Species; Fishing Restrictions Regarding the Oceanic Whitetip Shark, the Whale Shark, and the Silky Shark’’ (RIN0648–BD44) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 22, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1412. A communication from the Dep-
uty Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, National Marine Fisheries Serv-ice, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries Off West Coast States; Highly Mi-gratory Fisheries; California Swordfish Drift Gillnet Fishery; Vessel Monitoring System and Pre-Trip Notification Requirements’’ (RIN0648–BE25) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 22, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1413. A communication from the Dep-
uty Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, National Marine Fisheries Serv-ice, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands Crab Rationalization Program’’ (RIN0648– BA61) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 22, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
EC–1414. A communication from the Dep-
uty Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, National Marine Fisheries Serv-ice, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act Provisions Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Black Sea Bass Fishery; Framework Adjustment 8’’ (RIN0648–BE60) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 23, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1415. A communication from the Acting 
Director, National Marine Fisheries Service, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled 
‘‘Fisheries of the Caribbean, Gulf of Mexico, and South Atlantic; 2015 Commercial Ac-countability Measure and Closure for South Atlantic Vermilion Snapper’’ (RIN0648– XD734) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 23, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
EC–1416. A communication from the Dep-
uty Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, National Marine Fisheries Serv-ice, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Caribbean, Gulf of Mexico, and South Atlantic; Snapper-Grouper Fish-ery Off the Southern Atlantic States; Amendment 32’’ (RIN0648–BE20) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 23, 2015; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1417. A communication from the Acting 
Director, National Marine Fisheries Service, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Northern Rockfish in the Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands Management Area’’ (RIN0648–XD844) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 23, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1418. A communication from the Acting 
Director, National Marine Fisheries Service, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Summer Flounder Fishery; Quota Transfer’’ (RIN0648–XD874) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 23, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1419. A communication from the Attor-
ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Xterra Swim, Myrtle Beach, SC’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2015– 0019)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 23, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
EC–1420. A communication from the Attor-
ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Sabine River, Orange, TX’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2015– 0236)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 23, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
EC–1421. A communication from the Attor-
ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Eastern Branch Elizabeth River; Norfolk, VA’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2015–0202)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 23, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1422. A communication from the Attor-
ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Barge-based Fireworks, Stur-geon Bay, Wisconsin’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2015–0213)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 23, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1423. A communication from the Attor-
ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Naval Helicopter Association (NHA) Red Bull Helicopter Demonstration; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:21 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29AP6.006 S29APPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2527 April 29, 2015 
San Diego Bay, San Diego, CA’’ ((RIN1625– 
AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2015–0137)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 23, 2015; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1424. A communication from the Attor-
ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Rock and Roll Hall of Fame and Museum Fireworks Display; Lake Erie, Cleveland, OH’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2015–0186)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 23, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1425. A communication from the Attor-
ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Marina del Rey Fireworks Show, Santa Monica Bay; Marina del Rey, California’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2015–0155)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 23, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1426. A communication from the Attor-
ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Sellwood Bridge Construction, Willamette River, Portland, OR’’ ((RIN1625– AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2015–0187)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 23, 2015; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1427. A communication from the Attor-
ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Naval Helicopter Association (NHA) Red Bull Helicopter Demonstration; San Diego Bay, San Diego, CA’’ ((RIN1625– AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2015–0137)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 23, 2015; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1428. A communication from the Attor-
ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Vessel Fire and Escort, Port of New York, NJ, NY’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2015–0189)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 23, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1429. A communication from the Attor-
ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Delaware River; Marcus Hook, PA’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG– 2015–0129)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on April 23, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1430. A communication from the Attor-
ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Tesoro Terminal Protest: Port of Long Beach Harbor; Pacific Ocean, Cali-fornia’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG– 2015–0163)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on April 23, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1431. A communication from the Attor-
ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Drawbridge Operation Regulation; Mantua Creek, Paulsboro, NJ’’ ((RIN1625–AA09) 
(Docket No. USCG–2014–0807)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 23, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–1432. A communication from the Attor-
ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Drawbridge Operation Regulation; Coquille River, Bandon, OR’’ ((RIN1625–AA09) (Docket No. USCG–2014–0213)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 23, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1433. A communication from the Attor-
ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Drawbridge Operation Regulation; Hoquiam River, Hoquiam, WA’’ ((RIN1625–AA09) (Docket No. USCG–2014–1029)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 23, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1434. A communication from the Attor-
ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Drawbridge Operation Regulation; Ontonagon River, Ontonagon, MI’’ ((RIN1625– AA09) (Docket No. USCG–2015–0082)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 23, 2015; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1435. A communication from the Attor-
ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Drawbridge Operation Regulation; Taylor Bayou Outfall Canal (Joint Outfall Canal), TX’’ ((RIN1625–AA09) (Docket No. USCG– 2014–0386)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on April 23, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1436. A communication from the Attor-
ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Spe-cial Local Regulation; Hebda Cup Rowing Regatta; Detroit River, Wyandotte, MI’’ ((RIN1625–AA08) (Docket No. USCG–2015– 0190)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 23, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
EC–1437. A communication from the Attor-
ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Spe-cial Local Regulation; Glass City Scrim-mage; Maumee River, Toldeo, OH’’ ((RIN1625–AA08) (Docket No. USCG–2015– 0185)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 23, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
EC–1438. A communication from the Attor-
ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Spe-cial Local Regulations and Safety Zones; Re-curring Marine Events and Fireworks Dis-plays within the Fifth Coast Guard District ‘‘ ((RIN1625–AA08) (Docket No. USCG–2014– 1011)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 23, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
EC–1439. A communication from the Attor-
ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Spe-cial Local Regulation; Charleston Race Week, Charleston Harbor; Charleston, SC’’ ((RIN1625–AA08) (Docket No. USCG–2015– 0018)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 23, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
EC–1440. A communication from the Attor-
ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-
ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Spe-cial Local Regulation; San Salvador Launch and Procession; San Diego Bay, San Diego, CA’’ ((RIN1625–AA08) (Docket No. USCG– 2015–0138)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on April 23, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1441. A communication from the Attor-
ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Consolidation of Officer in Charge, Marine Inspection for Outer Continental Shelf Ac-tivities; Eighth Coast Guard District; Tech-nical, Organizational, and Conforming Amendments’’ ((RIN1625–AB88) (Docket No. USCG–2013–0491)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 23, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1442. A communication from the Attor-
ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Electrical Equipment in Hazardous Loca-tions’’ ((RIN1625–AC00) (Docket No. USCG– 2012–0850)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on April 23, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1443. A communication from the Chief 
of Staff, Media Bureau, Federal Communica-tions Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Section 73.202(b), FM Table of Allot-ments, FM Broadcast Stations (Sagaponack, New York)’’ ((MB Docket No. 14–253) (DA 15– 441)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 22, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
EC–1444. A communication from the Sec-
retary of the Commission, Bureau of Con-sumer Protection, Federal Trade Commis-sion, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Energy and Water Use Labeling for Consumer Products Under the Energy Policy and Conservation Act (En-ergy Labeling Rule)’’ (RIN3084–AB15) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 22, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1445. A communication from the Sec-
retary of the Commission, Bureau of Con-sumer Protection, Federal Trade Commis-sion, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Energy Labeling Rule’’ (RIN3084–AB03) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 22, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1446. A communication from the Sec-
retary of the Commission, Bureau of Con-sumer Protection, Federal Trade Commis-sion, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Trade Regulation Rule Concerning Cooling-Off Period for Sales Made at Homes or at Certain Other Loca-tions’’ (RIN3084–AB10) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 22, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1447. A communication from the Sec-
retary of the Commission, Bureau of Con-sumer Protection, Federal Trade Commis-sion, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Energy Labeling Rule’’ (RIN3084–AB03) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 27, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation . 
EC–1448. A communication from the Sec-
retary of the Commission, Bureau of Con-sumer Protection, Federal Trade Commis-sion, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Revisions to Rules of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:21 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29AP6.007 S29APPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2528 April 29, 2015 
Practice’’ (16 CFR Part 4) received in the Of-
fice of the President of the Senate on April 27, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1449. A communication from the Sec-
retary of the Commission, Bureau of Con-
sumer Protection, Federal Trade Commis-sion, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Revisions to Rules of Practice’’ (16 CFR Parts 2, 3, and 4) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 27, 2015; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1450. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Restricted Area Boundary Descrip-tions; Joint Base Lewis-McChord, WA’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2015–0618)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 24, 2015; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1451. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Standard Instrument Approach Procedures, and Take-off Minimums and Obstacle Departure Proce-dures; Miscellaneous Amendments (81); Amdt. No. 3635’’ (RIN2120–AA65) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 24, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1452. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Standard Instrument Approach Procedures, and Take-off Minimums and Obstacle Departure Proce-dures; Miscellaneous Amendments (119); Amdt. No. 3638’’ (RIN2120–AA65) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 24, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1453. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Standard Instrument Approach Procedures, and Take-off Minimums and Obstacle Departure Proce-dures; Miscellaneous Amendments (62); Amdt. No. 3637’’ (RIN2120–AA65) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 24, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1454. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Standard Instrument Approach Procedures, and Take-off Minimums and Obstacle Departure Proce-dures; Miscellaneous Amendments (84); Amdt. No. 3636’’ (RIN2120–AA65) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 24, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1455. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120– AA64) (Docket No . FAA–2014–0123)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on April 24, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–1456. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-
ness Directives; Agusta S.p.A. Helicopters’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2015–0908)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 24, 2015; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1457. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Lockheed Martin Corpora-tion/Lockheed Martin Aeronautics Company Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2014–0627)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 24, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
EC–1458. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; BAE Systems (Operations) Limited Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2014–0621)) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on April 24, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1459. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Dassault Aviation Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2015–0825)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 24, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
EC–1460. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; PILATUS Aircraft Limited Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2015–0132)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 24, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
EC–1461. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; The Boeing Company Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2014–0920)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 24, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
EC–1462. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Rolls-Royce plc Turbofan Engines’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2014–0904)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 24, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
EC–1463. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-
ness Directives; Cessna Aircraft Company Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2015–0839)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 24, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
EC–1464. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘IFR Alti-tudes; Miscellaneous Amendments’’ (RIN2120–AA63) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 24, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
EC–1465. A communication from the Attor-
ney-Advisor, Office of the General Counsel, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a va-cancy in the position of Administrator, Fed-eral Highway Administration, Department of Transportation, received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on April 24, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1466. A communication from the Attor-
ney-Advisor, Office of the General Counsel, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a va-cancy in the position of Administrator, Fed-eral Motor Carrier Safety Administration, Department of Transportation, received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 24, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1467. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Revisions to the California State Im-plementation Plan, Yolo-Solano Air Quality Management District’’ (FRL No. 9926–19–Re-gion 9) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 22, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–1468. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Revisions to the California State Im-plementation Plan, Feather River Air Qual-ity Management District’’ (FRL No. 9924–77– Region 9) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on April 22, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–1469. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Imple-mentation Plans; Washington: Prevention of Significant Deterioration and Visibility Pro-tection’’ (FRL No. 9926–95–Region 10) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 22, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–1470. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Pennsyl-vania; Redesignation of the Harrisburg-Leb-anon-Carlisle-York Nonattainment Areas to Attainment for the 1997 Annual and the 2006 24-Hour Fine Particulate Matter Standard; Correction’’ (FRL No. 9926–79–Region 3) re-
ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 22, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–1471. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:59 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29AP6.008 S29APPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2529 April 29, 2015 
Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-
ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Montana; Re-vised Format for Materials Being Incor-porated by Reference for Montana’’ (FRL No. 9924–80–Region 8) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 22, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–1472. A communication from the Direc-
tor of Congressional Affairs, Nuclear Regu-latory Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Man-aging the Safety/Security Interface’’ (Regu-latory Guide 5.74, Revision 1) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 23, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–1473. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Final-izing Medicare Rules under Section 902 of the Medicare Prescription Drug, Improvement, and Modernization Act of 2003 (MMA) for Calendar Year (CY) 2014’’; to the Committee on Finance. 
EC–1474. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Open Payments Program Report to Congress’’; to the Committee on Finance. 
EC–1475. A communication from the Chief 
of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘IRC Section 5000C— Qualified Income Tax Treaty Countries’’ (Notice 2015–35) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 24, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Finance. 
EC–1476. A communication from the Chief 
of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Applicable Federal Rates—May 2015’’ (Rev. Rul. 2015–8) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on April 24, 2015; to the Committee on Finance. 
EC–1477. A communication from the Chief 
of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Application of the General Welfare Exclusion to Indian Tribal Government Programs That Provide Benefits to Tribal Members’’ (Notice 2015–34) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on April 24, 2015; to the Committee on Finance. 
EC–1478. A communication from the Sec-
retary of Education, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Assist-ance to States for the Education of Children with Disabilities’’ ((RIN1820–AB65) (Docket ID ED–2012–OSERS–0020)) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on April 22, 2015; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. 
EC–1479. A communication from the Gen-
eral Counsel, Pension Benefit Guaranty Cor-poration, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Allocation of As-sets in Single-Employer Plans; Benefits Pay-able in Terminated Single-Employer Plans; Interest Assumptions for Valuing and Pay-ing Benefits’’ (29 CFR Part 4022 and 29 CFR Part 4044) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 24, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
EC–1480. A communication from the Sec-
retary of Health and Human Services, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, a financial report 
relative to the Medical Device User Fee Amendments of 2012 for fiscal year 2014; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
EC–1481. A communication from the Direc-
tor of Regulations Policy and Management Staff, Food and Drug Administration, De-partment of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Administrative Detention of Drugs Intended for Human or Animal Use; Correction’’ (Docket No. FDA–2013–N–0365) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 27, 2015; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
EC–1482. A communication from the Chief 
of Staff, Media Bureau, Federal Communica-tions Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Section 73.202(b), FM Table of Allot-ments, FM Broadcast Stations (Shelter Is-land, New York)’’ ((MB Docket No. 14–255) (DA 15–442)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 22, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1483. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 20–596, ‘‘Limitations on the Use of Restraints Amendment Act of 2014’’ ; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. 
EC–1484. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 21–48, ‘‘Reproductive Health Non- Discrimination Clarification Temporary Amendment Act of 2015’’ ; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. 
EC–1485. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 21–49, ‘‘Marijuana Possession De-criminalization Clarification Temporary Amendment Act of 2015’’ ; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. 
EC–1486. A communication from the Assist-
ant Attorney General, Office of Legislative Affairs, Department of Justice, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, three (3) reports rel-ative to vacancies in the Department of Jus-tice, received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 23, 2015; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. 
EC–1487. A communication from the Chief 
Impact Analyst, Veterans Health Adminis-tration, Department of Veterans Affairs, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Updating Certain Delega-tions of Authority in VA Medical Regula-tions’’ (RIN2900–AP17) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 23, 2015; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
EC–1488. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-
bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 20–492, ‘‘Student Nutrition on Winter Weather Days Act of 2014’’ ; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. 
EC–1489. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 21–37, ‘‘H Street, N.E., Retail Priority Area Clarification Temporary Amendment Act of 2015’’ ; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. 
EC–1490. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 21–38, ‘‘Wage Theft Prevention Clarification Temporary Amendment Act of 2015’’ ; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. EC–1491. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 21–39, ‘‘Public Charter School Priority Enrollment Temporary Amendment Act of 2015’’ ; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. 
EC–1492. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 21–40, ‘‘Chancellor of the District of Columbia Public Schools Salary Adjust-ment Temporary Amendment Act of 2015’’ ; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. 
EC–1493. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 21–41, ‘‘Health Benefit Exchange Authority Financial Sustainability Tem-porary Amendment Act of 2015’’ ; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. 
EC–1494. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 21–42, ‘‘Educator Evaluation Data Protection Temporary Amendment Act of 2015’’ ; to the Committee on Homeland Se-curity and Governmental Affairs. 
EC–1495. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 21–43, ‘‘At-Risk Funding Tem-porary Amendment Act of 2015’’ ; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. 
EC–1496. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 21–44, ‘‘Vending Regulations Temporary Amendment Act of 2015’’ ; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. 
EC–1497. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 21–47, ‘‘Testing Integrity Tem-porary Amendment Act of 2015’’ ; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND 
JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
The following bills and joint resolu-
tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. COONS (for himself, Mr. L EAHY , 
Mrs. E RNST , Mrs. C APITO , Mrs. G ILLI-
BRAND , Ms. H IRONO , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. 
SCHATZ , Mr. T OOMEY , Mr. W HITE-
HOUSE , and Mr. W YDEN ): 
S. 1126. A bill to modify and extend the Na-
tional Guard State Partnership Program; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
By Mr. REED (for himself and Mr. 
B
LUMENTHAL ): 
S. 1127. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to expand the denial of de-duction for certain excessive employee remu-neration, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Finance. 
By Ms. STABENOW: 
S. 1128. A bill to establish an Early Federal 
Pell Grant Commitment Program; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. BLUMENTHAL (for himself, 
Mr. D
URBIN , Mr. R EED, and Mrs. 
BOXER ): 
S. 1129. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to reform and enforce tax-ation of tobacco products; to the Committee on Finance. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:59 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29AP6.009 S29APPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2530 April 29, 2015 
By Mrs. BOXER (for herself, Mr. 
WYDEN , and Mr. M ARKEY ): 
S. 1130. A bill to amend title 10, United 
States Code, to improve procedures for legal justice for members of the Armed Forces, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
By Mr. FRANKEN (for himself, Ms. 
C
OLLINS , Mr. G RASSLEY , Mr. B ROWN , 
Mr. M ENENDEZ , Mrs. S HAHEEN , Mr. 
SCHUMER , Ms. H IRONO , Mr. C OONS , Ms. 
KLOBUCHAR , and Mrs. G ILLIBRAND ): 
S. 1131. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to reduce the incidence of diabetes among Medicare beneficiaries, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. MERKLEY: 
S. 1132. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to provide for patient protection by establishing safe nurse staffing levels at certain Medicare providers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Fi-nance. 
By Mr. FRANKEN (for himself, Ms. 
B
ALDWIN , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mrs. 
BOXER , Mr. B ROWN , Mr. D URBIN , Ms. 
HIRONO , Mr. L EAHY , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. 
MENENDEZ , Mr. S ANDERS , Mr. U DALL , 
Ms. W ARREN , Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mr. 
WYDEN , and Mr. M ERKLEY ): 
S. 1133. A bill to amend title 9 of the 
United States Code with respect to arbitra-tion; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Ms. AYOTTE (for herself and Mr. 
D
ONNELLY ): 
S. 1134. A bill to address prescription 
opioid abuse and heroin use; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. 
By Mrs. M
CCASKILL (for herself and 
Mr. B URR): 
S. 1135. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to provide for fairness in hospital payments under the Medicare pro-gram; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. TESTER (for himself, Mr. E
NZI, 
Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Mr. S CHUMER , and 
Mr. D AINES ): 
S. 1136. A bill relating to the moderniza-
tion of C–130 aircraft to meet applicable reg-ulations of the Federal Aviation Administra-tion, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Armed Services. 
By Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself, Mr. 
L
EAHY , Mr. C ORNYN , Mr. S CHUMER , 
Mr. L EE, Mr. H ATCH , and Ms. K LO-
BUCHAR ): 
S. 1137. A bill to amend title 35, United 
States Code, and the Leahy-Smith America Invents Act to make improvements and tech-nical corrections, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. PAUL (for himself and Mr. 
S
CHATZ ): 
S. 1138. A bill to reclassify certain low- 
level felonies as misdemeanors, to eliminate the increased penalties for cocaine offenses where the cocaine involved is cocaine base, to reinvest in our communities, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. 
f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND 
SENATE RESOLUTIONS 
The following concurrent resolutions 
and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. WYDEN (for himself, Mr. 
PORTMAN , Mr. B OOKER , Ms. H IRONO , 
and Mr. H EINRICH ): 
S. Res. 154. A resolution designating May 
16, 2015, as ‘‘Kids to Parks Day’’; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. INHOFE (for himself and Ms. 
K
LOBUCHAR ): S. Res. 155. A resolution establishing May 
2, 2015, as a Day of Recognition for Ebola Or-phans to express support for the children and families affected by the 2014 Ebola outbreak in West Africa by promoting awareness of the children of West Africa who have been orphaned by the 2014 Ebola epidemic, cele-brating those who have recognized and are working to fulfill the needs of children, and encouraging the people of the United States to continue to support the people of West Af-rica; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 185 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the 
name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. K
IRK) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
185, a bill to create a limited popu-lation pathway for approval of certain antibacterial drugs. 
S. 192 
At the request of Mr. A LEXANDER , the 
names of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) and the Senator 
from Virginia (Mr. W ARNER ) were added 
as cosponsors of S. 192, a bill to reau-thorize the Older Americans Act of 1965, and for other purposes. 
S. 271 
At the request of Mr. R EID, the name 
of the Senator from New York (Mr. S
CHUMER ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 271, a bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to permit certain retired members of the uniformed services who have a service-connected disability to receive both disability compensation from the Department of Veterans Af-fairs for their disability and either re-tired pay by reason of their years of military service or Combat-Related Special Compensation, and for other purposes. 
S. 373 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, the 
name of the Senator from South Caro-lina (Mr. G
RAHAM ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 373, a bill to provide for the establishment of nationally uni-form and environmentally sound stand-ards governing discharges incidental to the normal operation of a vessel. 
S. 423 
At the request of Mr. M ORAN , the 
names of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. G
ARDNER ) and the Senator from 
Minnesota (Ms. K LOBUCHAR ) were added 
as cosponsors of S. 423, a bill to amend the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act to pro-vide an exception to the annual written privacy notice requirement. 
S. 433 
At the request of Mr. S ESSIONS , the 
names of the Senator from Rhode Is-land (Mr. R
EED), the Senator from 
Michigan (Mr. P ETERS ) and the Senator 
from Minnesota (Mr. F RANKEN ) were 
added as cosponsors of S. 433, a bill to establish a benefit calculation method-ology with respect to currency under-valuation for purposes of counter-vailing duty investigations and re-views, and for other purposes. 
S. 450 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , the 
name of the Senator from California (Mrs. B OXER ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 450, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide tax rate parity among all tobacco prod-ucts, and for other purposes. 
S. 471 
At the request of Mrs. M URRAY , the 
name of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 471, a bill to improve the provision of health care for women vet-erans by the Department of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes. 
S. 536 
At the request of Mr. U DALL , the 
name of the Senator from Washington (Ms. C
ANTWELL ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 536, a bill to amend the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 to exclude from gross income payments under the Indian Health Service Loan Repayment Program and certain amounts received 
under the Indian Health Professions Scholarship Program. 
S. 578 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the 
name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. W
YDEN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
578, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to ensure more timely access to home health services for Medicare beneficiaries under the Medicare program. 
S. 611 
At the request of Mr. W ICKER , the 
name of the Senator from West Vir-ginia (Mr. M
ANCHIN ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 611, a bill to amend the Safe Drinking Water Act to reauthor-ize technical assistance to small public water systems, and for other purposes. 
S. 654 
At the request of Mr. R OBERTS , the 
name of the Senator from North Da-kota (Mr. H
OEVEN ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 654, a bill to exempt cer-tain class A CDL drivers from the re-quirement to obtain a hazardous mate-rial endorsement while operating a service vehicle with a fuel tank con-taining 3,785 liters (1,000 gallons) or less of diesel fuel. 
S. 713 
At the request of Mrs. B OXER , the 
name of the Senator from Washington (Ms. C
ANTWELL ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 713, a bill to prevent inter-national violence against women, and for other purposes. 
S. 730 
At the request of Mr. B LUMENTHAL , 
the name of the Senator from New Jer-sey (Mr. M
ENENDEZ ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 730, a bill to permanently extend the Protecting Tenants at Fore-closure Act of 2009. 
S. 766 
At the request of Mr. H OEVEN , the 
name of the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
766, a bill to limit the retrieval of data from vehicle event data recorders, and for other purposes. 
S. 774 
At the request of Mr. M ORAN , the 
name of the Senator from South Da-kota (Mr. T
HUNE ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 774, a bill to amend the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:21 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29AP6.012 S29APPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2531 April 29, 2015 
Federal Financial Institutions Exam-
ination Council Act of 1978 to improve the examination of depository institu-tions, and for other purposes. 
S. 776 
At the request of Mr. R OBERTS , the 
name of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. C
ASEY ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 776, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to im-prove access to medication therapy management under part D of the Medi-care program. 
S. 801 
At the request of Mr. I SAKSON , the 
name of the Senator from South Caro-lina (Mr. G
RAHAM ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 801, a bill to amend the National Labor Relations Act to pro-vide for appropriate designation of col-lective bargaining units. 
S. 812 
At the request of Mr. M ORAN , the 
names of the Senator from South Da-kota (Mr. T
HUNE ), the Senator from 
Idaho (Mr. C RAPO ), the Senator from 
Idaho (Mr. R ISCH), the Senator from 
Colorado (Mr. G ARDNER ) and the Sen-
ator from New Mexico (Mr. U DALL ) 
were added as cosponsors of S. 812, a bill to enhance the ability of commu-nity financial institutions to foster economic growth and serve their com-munities, boost small businesses, in-crease individual savings, and for other purposes. 
S. 824 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the 
name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 824, a bill to reauthorize the Export- Import Bank of the United States, and for other purposes. 
S. 862 
At the request of Ms. M IKULSKI , the 
names of the Senator from West Vir-ginia (Mr. M
ANCHIN ) and the Senator 
from Indiana (Mr. D ONNELLY ) were 
added as cosponsors of S. 862, a bill to amend the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 to provide more effective remedies to victims of discrimination in the payment of wages on the basis of sex, and for other purposes. 
S. 871 
At the request of Mr. M CCONNELL , 
the name of the Senator from South Dakota (Mr. R
OUNDS ) was added as a 
cosponsor of S. 871, a bill to provide for an application process for interested parties to apply for an area to be des-ignated as a rural area, and for other purposes. 
S. 893 
At the request of Mr. W ARNER , the 
name of the Senator from Montana (Mr. T
ESTER ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 893, a bill to establish an Energy Productivity Innovation Challenge (EPIC) to assist energy policy innova-tion in the States to promote the goal of doubling electric and thermal en-ergy productivity by January 1, 2030. 
S. 898 
At the request of Mr. K IRK, the name 
of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. MURPHY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
898, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to provide for the partici-pation of optometrists in the National Health Service Corps scholarship and loan repayment programs, and for other purposes. 
S. 933 
At the request of Mr. A LEXANDER , the 
name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. A
YOTTE ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 933, a bill to amend the National Labor Relations Act with re-spect to the timing of elections and pre-election hearings and the identi-fication of pre-election issues, and to require that lists of employees eligible to vote in organizing elections be pro-vided to the National Labor Relations Board. 
S. 957 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the 
name of the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 957, a bill to increase access to capital for veteran entrepreneurs to help create jobs. 
S. 974 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , the 
name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Mr. M
ARKEY ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 974, a bill to amend the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 to prohibit employment of children in to-bacco-related agriculture by deeming such employment as oppressive child labor. 
S. 993 
At the request of Mr. F RANKEN , the 
name of the Senator from Utah (Mr. H
ATCH ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
993, a bill to increase public safety by facilitating collaboration among the criminal justice, juvenile justice, vet-erans treatment services, mental health treatment, and substance abuse systems. 
S. 998 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the 
name of the Senator from South Caro-lina (Mr. G
RAHAM ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 998, a bill to establish a process for the consideration of tem-porary duty suspensions and reduc-tions, and for other purposes. 
S. 1032 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the 
name of the Senator from South Da-kota (Mr. T
HUNE ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1032, a bill to expand the use of E–Verify, to hold employers ac-countable, and for other purposes. 
S. 1117 
At the request of Mr. J OHNSON , the 
name of the Senator from Idaho (Mr. R
ISCH) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1117, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to expand the authority of the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to re-move senior executives of the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs for perform-ance or misconduct to include removal of certain other employees of the De-partment, and for other purposes. 
S. CON. RES. 4 
At the request of Mr. B ARRASSO , the 
names of the Senator from Maryland (Ms. M IKULSKI ) and the Senator from 
Montana (Mr. T ESTER ) were added as 
cosponsors of S. Con. Res. 4, a concur-rent resolution supporting the Local Radio Freedom Act. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1138 
At the request of Mr. R ISCH, the 
names of the Senator from Idaho (Mr. C
RAPO ), the Senator from Florida (Mr. 
RUBIO), the Senator from Alaska (Mr. 
SULLIVAN ), the Senator from Ohio (Mr. 
PORTMAN ) and the Senator from Kansas 
(Mr. R OBERTS ) were added as cospon-
sors of amendment No. 1138 intended to be proposed to H.R. 1191, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to ensure that emergency services volunteers are not taken into account as employees under the shared respon-sibility requirements contained in the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1141 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, the 
names of the Senator from Idaho (Mr. C
RAPO ), the Senator from Louisiana 
(Mr. V ITTER ), the Senator from Mon-
tana (Mr. D AINES ), the Senator from 
Arkansas (Mr. B OOZMAN ) and the Sen-
ator from Nevada (Mr. H ELLER ) were 
added as cosponsors of amendment No. 1141 intended to be proposed to H.R. 1191, a bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to ensure that emer-gency services volunteers are not taken into account as employees under the shared responsibility requirements contained in the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1145 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, the 
name of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. P
ORTMAN ) was added as a cosponsor of 
amendment No. 1145 intended to be pro-posed to H.R. 1191, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to ensure that emergency services volunteers are not taken into account as employees under the shared responsibility re-quirements contained in the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1146 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, the 
name of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. R
OBERTS ) was added as a cosponsor of 
amendment No. 1146 intended to be pro-posed to H.R. 1191, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to ensure that emergency services volunteers are not taken into account as employees under the shared responsibility re-quirements contained in the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1147 
At the request of Mr. B ARRASSO , the 
name of the Senator from Nebraska (Mr. S
ASSE) was added as a cosponsor 
of amendment No. 1147 proposed to H.R. 1191, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to ensure that emergency services volunteers are not taken into account as employees under the shared responsibility requirements contained in the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1151 
At the request of Mr. G ARDNER , the 
name of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:21 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29AP6.013 S29APPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2532 April 29, 2015 
PORTMAN ) was added as a cosponsor of 
amendment No. 1151 intended to be pro-posed to H.R. 1191, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to ensure that emergency services volunteers are 
not taken into account as employees under the shared responsibility re-quirements contained in the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1189 
At the request of Ms. M URKOWSKI , the 
name of the Senator from North Da-kota (Ms. H
EITKAMP ) was added as a co-
sponsor of amendment No. 1189 in-tended to be proposed to H.R. 1191, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to ensure that emergency services volunteers are not taken into account as employees under the shared responsibility requirements contained in the Patient Protection and Afford-able Care Act. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1190 
At the request of Mr. T OOMEY , the 
names of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) and the Senator from Ohio 
(Mr. P ORTMAN ) were added as cospon-
sors of amendment No. 1190 intended to be proposed to H.R. 1191, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to ensure that emergency services volunteers are not taken into account as employees under the shared respon-sibility requirements contained in the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED 
BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
By Mr. REED (for himself and 
Mr. B LUMENTHAL ): 
S. 1127. A bill to amend the Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 to expand the de-nial of deduction for certain excessive employee remuneration, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Fi-nance. 
Mr. REED. Mr. President, today I am 
reintroducing the Stop Subsidizing Multimillion Dollar Corporate Bonuses Act with my colleague, Senator B
LUMENTHAL . This bill closes a loop-
hole that allows publicly traded cor-porations to deduct an executive’s pay that exceeds $1 million from their tax bill. 
Under current tax law, when a public 
corporation calculates its taxable in-come, it is generally permitted to de-duct the cost of compensation from its revenues, with limits up to $1 million for some of the firm’s most senior ex-ecutives. However, a loophole relating to performance-based compensation has allowed many public corporations to avoid such limits and freely deduct excessive executive compensation. To illustrate how this loophole works, if a CEO receives $15 million in perform-ance-based compensation in a given year, the public corporation’s taxable income would decline by $15 million. With the current corporate tax rate at 35 percent, the corporation in this case would receive a tax cut of $5.25 million. 
The Stop Subsidizing Multimillion 
Dollar Corporate Bonuses Act would instead allow a public corporation to 
deduct all forms of compensation up to only $1 million per employee. Using the same example above, a profitable pub-lic corporation, after deducting only $1 million from the $15 million in CEO compensation, would then pay $4.9 mil-lion in taxes. In short, instead of cost-ing the government $5.25 million, this public corporation will be paying $4.9 million in taxes, reducing the burden on middle-class families and our na-tional debt. 
Indeed, over a 10-year window, the 
Joint Committee on Taxation, in their most recent assessment, estimated that closing this loophole would save U.S. taxpayers over $50 billion. 
First, our legislation extends section 
162(m) of the Tax Code to apply to all employees of publicly traded corpora-tions so that all compensation is sub-ject to a deductibility cap of $1 million. Publicly traded corporations would still be permitted to pay their execu-tives as much as they desire, but com-pensation above and beyond $1 million would no longer be subsidized through our Tax Code. 
Second, our bill removes the exemp-
tion for performance-based compensa-tion, which currently permits com-pensation deductions above and beyond $1 million when executives have met performance benchmarks set by the corporation’s board of directors. As a result, publicly traded corporations would still be able to incentivize their executives, but all such incentives would be subject to a corporate deduct-ibility cap of $1 million. 
Finally, our legislation makes a 
technical correction to ensure that all publicly traded corporations that are required to provide quarterly and an-nual reports to their investors under Securities and Exchange Commission rules and regulations are subject to section 162(m). Currently, this section of the Tax Code only covers some pub-licly traded corporations that are re-quired to provide these periodic reports to their shareholders. Discouraging un-restrained compensation packages shouldn’t hinge on whether a publicly traded corporation falls into one SEC reporting requirement or another, and our bill closes this technical loophole. 
With this legislation, we aim to put 
an end to some of the extravagant tax breaks that exclusively benefit public corporations. This is simply a matter of fairness, ensuring that corpora-tions—and not taxpayers who face their own challenges in this economy— are paying for the multimillion dollar bonuses they have decided to dole out. 
I want to thank Senator B
LUMENTHAL  
for working with me on this issue, and I urge our colleagues to join us in co-sponsoring this legislation. 
By Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself, 
Mr. L EAHY , Mr. C ORNYN , Mr. 
SCHUMER , Mr. L EE, Mr. H ATCH , 
and Ms. K LOBUCHAR ): 
S. 1137. A bill to amend title 35, 
United States Code, and the Leahy- Smith America Invents Act to make 
improvements and technical correc-tions, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, the 
U.S. is the world’s leader in innova-tion. Yet today, our patent system— which has allowed generations of in-ventors, innovators, and entrepreneurs to thrive—is under attack from bad ac-tors, also known as ‘‘patent trolls’’. 
Abusive patent litigation is stifling 
the innovation and entrepreneurship that our patent system has been de-signed to protect. Over the last decade, there has been an explosion in the growth of this type of harmful litiga-tion as those who exploit abusive pat-ent litigation tactics for financial gain have taken aim at businesses operating in every sector of our economy. 
From Main Street to Wall Street to 
Silicon Valley, from start-ups to neigh-borhood restaurants to major retail-ers—businesses and consumers across the country are being harmed. Because of this abuse, innovative companies spend less time and resources on re-search and innovation, and often must have their talented workforce devote many man-hours to defending against baseless claims. This comes at the ex-pense of discovering that next medical breakthrough or rolling out new tech-nologies that will create jobs. 
Patent trolls prey on businesses by 
filing frivolous lawsuits and employing an array of heavy-handed and deceptive tactics to scare plaintiffs into settle-ments. These bad actors send vague and overly broad demand letters, ex-ploit loose pleading standards that pro-vide little substance of the alleged in-fringement claims, hide their identity behind shell companies, and use the threat of high cost patent litigation discovery as a weapon. This is a drag on our economy, costing an estimated $80 billion annually in direct and indi-rect costs. This means fewer jobs cre-ated, less innovation, and higher costs for consumers. 
To restore integrity to our patent 
system, today, along with Judiciary Committee Ranking Member L
EAHY , 
and Senators C ORNYN , SCHUMER , LEE, 
HATCH and K LOBUCHAR , I am intro-
ducing the Protecting American Talent and Entrepreneurship Act, PATENT Act. 
This builds upon the reforms made by 
the America Invents Act and will pro-mote the intellectual property rights that our Founding Fathers recognized are key to American innovation. The provisions of the PATENT Act will pro-mote more transparency in patent ownership, establish a clear, uniform standard for pleading in patent cases, and deter abusive litigation. I would like to note some of the key provisions in the bill. 
The PATENT Act will require plain-
tiffs in a patent suit to identify each patent and each claim that is allegedly infringed, which products are infring-ing, and include a description of the al-leged infringement. The current re-quirements for pleading in a patent 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:21 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29AP6.014 S29APPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2533 April 29, 2015 
litigation have been subject to scrutiny 
by the courts and amount to little more than notice pleading. By pro-viding these congressionally enacted bright line rules across judicial juris-dictions, defendants will be able to bet-ter respond to claims and courts will be able to resolve litigation more effi-ciently. 
This legislation will place reasonable 
limitations on discovery by requiring courts to stay discovery pending the resolution of specific preliminary mo-tions, including motions to dismiss and transfer venue. It also calls on the Ju-dicial Conference to develop rules and procedures to promote efficient and ef-fective discovery, including examining to what extent each party is entitled to ‘‘core documentary evidence’’. 
While current law allows for fee 
shifting in patent cases, the reality is that bad actors are almost never sub-ject to fee shifting, leading to an explo-sion in abusive litigation. The PAT-ENT Act provides that reasonable at-torney fees will be awarded if the pre-vailing party in litigation makes a showing, and the court finds, that the non-prevailing party’s conduct was not ‘‘objectively reasonable,’’ unless spe-cial circumstances make an award un-just. This measure will help to deter the filing of frivolous claims. The bill also provides a process for the recovery of fees from an abusive litigant. 
Further, the bill will help stop the 
widespread sending of fraudulent or materially misleading demand letters by building on existing Federal Trade Commission authority to go after those who violate Section 5 of the FTC Act in connection with patent assertion by engaging in widespread demand letter abuse. This provision has been care-fully constructed so that it will not im-pinge upon legitimate licensing activ-ity or expand FTC authority. We worked on the language contained in this provision with Chairman T
HUNE  
and his staff, as the Commerce Com-mittee also has jurisdiction over the FTC, and it was important to us to get their input. 
The bill also will help to protect 
small businesses, who are being tar-geted for doing nothing more than using products which they bought off- the-shelf, by allowing a suit against an end-user to be stayed while the manu-facturer litigates the alleged infringe-ment. 
This bipartisan legislation is the re-
sult of a careful and deliberative proc-ess in which we worked with many stakeholders representing almost every area of the economy, the judiciary, and the administration. Since the process started in the last Congress, we’ve lis-tened and tried to be responsive to all the concerns raised from the different industries and constituencies. As a re-sult, we have made great strides in ad-dressing issues that have been raised along the way and getting stakeholders comfortable with the bill. So I believe the PATENT Act strikes a good bal-ance. Our intent is to protect the rights of patent holders while address-
ing the problem of abusive litigation. The PATENT Act does that. 
As we move forward, we also intend 
to try to address other concerns that have been raised more recently by pat-ent holders about the Patent and Trademark Office’s IPR process. We want to make sure that the PTO proc-esses are not being abused, and instead are being utilized as envisioned by the America Invents Act. 
I would like to especially thank 
Ranking Member L
EAHY for being an 
outstanding partner on the Judiciary Committee on all things intellectual property, Senators C
ORNYN and S CHU-
MER for their sustained leadership on 
the patent troll issue, Senator L EEfor 
his hard work on the demand letter provision, Senator H
ATCH for his valu-
able work on the recovery provision, and Senator K
LOBUCHAR for her con-
structive involvement in moving the bill forward. Because of these efforts, we have a stronger bill and are closer to restoring the integrity of the patent system. I am hopeful that we can move in a deliberative and productive way through Committee so we can get to the floor in a timely manner. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the text of 
the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 1137 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as 
the ‘‘Protecting American Talent and Entre-preneurship Act of 2015’’ or the ‘‘PATENT Act’’. 
(b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-
tents for this Act is as follows: 
Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. 
Sec. 2. Definitions. Sec. 3. Pleading requirements for patent in-
fringement actions. 
Sec. 4. Customer-suit exception. Sec. 5. Discovery limits. Sec. 6. Procedures and practices to imple-
ment recommendations of the Judicial Conference. 
Sec. 7. Fees and other expenses. Sec. 8. Requirement of clarity and speci-
ficity in demand letters. 
Sec. 9. Abusive demand letters. Sec. 10. Transparency of patent transfer. Sec. 11. Protection of intellectual property 
licenses in bankruptcy. 
Sec. 12. Small business education, outreach, 
and information access. 
Sec. 13. Studies on patent transactions, 
quality, and examination. 
Sec. 14. Technical corrections to the Leahy- 
Smith America Invents Act and other improvements. 
Sec. 15. Effective date. 
Sec. 16. Severability. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
(1) D IRECTOR .—The term ‘‘Director’’ means 
the Under Secretary of Commerce for Intel-lectual Property and Director of the United States Patent and Trademark Office. 
(2) O
FFICE .—The term ‘‘Office’’ means the 
United States Patent and Trademark Office. 
SEC. 3. PLEADING REQUIREMENTS FOR PATENT 
INFRINGEMENT ACTIONS. 
(a) E LIMINATION OF FORM 18.—Not later 
than 1 month after the date of enactment of this Act, the Supreme Court, using existing 
resources, shall eliminate Form 18 in the Ap-pendix to the Federal Rules of Civil Proce-dure (Complaint for Patent Infringement). 
(b) P
LEADING REQUIREMENTS .— 
(1) A MENDMENT .—Chapter 29 of title 35, 
United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 281 the following: 
‘‘§ 281A. Pleading requirements for patent in-
fringement actions 
‘‘(a) P
LEADING REQUIREMENTS .—In a civil 
action in which a party asserts a claim for relief arising under any Act of Congress re-lating to patents, a party alleging infringe-ment shall include in a complaint, counter-claim, or cross-claim for patent infringe-ment, except as provided in subsection (c), the following: 
‘‘(1) An identification of each patent alleg-
edly infringed. 
‘‘(2) An identification of each claim of each 
patent identified under paragraph (1) that is allegedly infringed. 
‘‘(3) For each claim identified under para-
graph (2), an identification of each accused process, machine, manufacture, or composi-tion of matter (referred to in this section as an ‘accused instrumentality’) alleged to in-fringe the claim. 
‘‘(4) For each accused instrumentality 
identified under paragraph (3), an identifica-tion with particularity, if known, of— 
‘‘(A) the name or model number (or a rep-
resentative model number) of each accused instrumentality; or 
‘‘(B) if there is no name or model number, 
a description of each accused instrumen-tality. 
‘‘(5) For each claim identified under para-
graph (2), a description of the elements thereof that are alleged to be infringed by the accused instrumentality and how the ac-cused instrumentality is alleged to infringe those elements. 
‘‘(6) For each claim of indirect infringe-
ment, a description of the acts of the alleged infringer that are alleged to contribute to or induce the direct infringement. 
‘‘(b) D
ISMISSAL FOR FAILURE TO MEET 
PLEADING REQUIREMENTS .—The court shall, 
on the motion of any party, dismiss any count or counts of the complaint, counter-claim, or cross-claim for patent infringe-ment if the requirements of paragraphs (1) through (6) of subsection (a) are not met with respect to such count or counts. The fact that a party pleads in accordance with subsection (c) shall not be a basis for dis-missal if the party nonetheless states a plau-sible claim for relief sufficient under the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure. 
‘‘(c) I
NFORMATION NOT ACCESSIBLE .—If 
some subset of information required to com-ply with subsection (a) is not accessible to a party after an inquiry reasonable under the circumstances, consistent with rule 11 of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure, an allega-tion requiring that information may be based upon a general description of that in-formation, along with a statement as to why the information is not accessible. 
‘‘(d) A
MENDMENT OF PLEADINGS .—Nothing 
in this provision shall be construed to affect a party’s leave to amend pleadings as speci-fied in the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure. Amendments permitted by the court are sub-ject to the pleading requirements set forth in this section. 
‘‘(e) C
ONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION .—A party 
required to disclose information described under subsection (a) may file information be-lieved to be confidential under seal, with a motion setting forth good cause for such sealing. If such motion is denied by the court, the party may seek to file an amended pleading. 
‘‘(f) E
XEMPTION .—Subsection (a) shall not 
apply to a civil action that includes a claim for relief arising under section 271(e)(2). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:21 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29AP6.021 S29APPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2534 April 29, 2015 
‘‘§ 281B. Early disclosure requirements for 
patent infringement actions 
‘‘(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section— 
‘‘(1) the term ‘financial interest’— ‘‘(A) means— ‘‘(i) with regard to a patent or patents, the 
right of a person to receive proceeds from the assertion of the patent or patents, in-cluding a fixed or variable portion of such proceeds; and 
‘‘(ii) with regard to the patentee, direct or 
indirect ownership or control by a person of more than 20 percent of the patentee; and 
‘‘(B) does not mean— ‘‘(i) ownership of shares or other interests 
in a mutual or common investment fund, un-less the owner of such interest participates in the management of such fund; or 
‘‘(ii) the proprietary interest of a policy-
holder in a mutual insurance company or a depositor in a mutual savings association, or a similar proprietary interest, unless the outcome of the proceeding could substan-tially affect the value of such interest; 
‘‘(2) the term ‘patentee’ means a party in a 
civil action that files a pleading subject to the requirements of section 281A; 
‘‘(3) the term ‘proceeding’ means all stages 
of a civil action, including pretrial and trial proceedings and appellate review; and 
‘‘(4) the term ‘ultimate parent entity’ has 
the meaning given the term in section 261A. 
‘‘(b) E
ARLY DISCLOSURE REQUIREMENTS .— 
Notwithstanding the requirements of section 299B, a patentee shall disclose to the court and each adverse party, not later than 14 days after the date on which the patentee serves or files the pleading subject to the re-quirements of section 281A— 
‘‘(1) the identity of each— ‘‘(A) assignee of the patent or patents at 
issue, and any ultimate parent entity there-of; 
‘‘(B) entity with a right to sublicense to 
unaffiliated entities or to enforce the patent or patents at issue, and any ultimate parent entity thereof; and 
‘‘(C) entity, other than an entity the ulti-
mate parent of which is disclosed under sub-paragraph (A) or (B), that the patentee knows to have a financial interest in— 
‘‘(i) the patent or patents at issue; or ‘‘(ii) the patentee, and any ultimate parent 
entity thereof; and 
‘‘(2) for each patent that the patentee al-
leges to be infringed— 
‘‘(A) a list of each complaint, counter-
claim, or cross-claim filed by the patentee or an affiliate thereof in the United States dur-ing the 3-year period preceding the date of the filing of the action, and any other com-plaint, counterclaim, or cross-claim filed in the United States during that period of which the patentee has knowledge, that as-serts or asserted such patent, including— 
‘‘(i) the caption; ‘‘(ii) civil action number; ‘‘(iii) the court where the action was filed; 
and 
‘‘(iv) if applicable, any court to which the 
action was transferred; 
‘‘(B) a statement as to whether the patent 
is subject to an assurance made by the party to a standards development organization to license others under such patent if— 
‘‘(i) the assurance specifically identifies 
such patent or claims therein; and 
‘‘(ii) the allegation of infringement relates 
to such standard; and 
‘‘(C) a statement as to whether the Federal 
Government has imposed specific licensing requirements with respect to such patent. 
‘‘(c) D
ISCLOSURE OF FINANCIAL INTEREST .— 
‘‘(1) P UBLICLY TRADED .—For purposes of 
subsection (b)(1)(C), if the financial interest is held by a corporation traded on a public stock exchange, an identification of the name of the corporation and the public ex-
change listing shall satisfy the disclosure re-quirement. 
‘‘(2) N
OT PUBLICLY TRADED .—For purposes 
of subsection (b)(1)(C), if the financial inter-est is not held by a publicly traded corpora-tion, the disclosure shall satisfy the disclo-sure requirement if the information identi-fies— 
‘‘(A) in the case of a partnership, the name 
of the partnership, the address of the prin-cipal place of business, and the name and correspondence address of the registered agent; 
‘‘(B) in the case of a corporation, the name 
of the corporation, the location of incorpora-tion, and the address of the principal place of business; and 
‘‘(C) for each individual, the name and cor-
respondence address of that individual. 
‘‘(d) P
ROVISION OF INFORMATION TO THE  
UNITED STATES PATENT AND TRADEMARK OF-
FICE.—Not later than 1 month after the date 
on which the disclosures required under sub-section (b) are made, the patentee shall pro-vide to the United States Patent and Trade-mark Office a filing containing the informa-tion disclosed pursuant to subsection (b)(1). 
‘‘(e) C
ONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—A patentee required to 
disclose information under subsection (b) may file, under seal, information believed to be confidential, with a motion setting forth good cause for such sealing. 
‘‘(2) H
OME ADDRESS INFORMATION .—For pur-
poses of this section, the home address of an individual shall be considered to be confiden-tial information.’’. 
(2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of 
sections for chapter 29 of title 35, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 281 the following new items: 
‘‘281A. Pleading requirements for patent in-
fringement actions. 
‘‘281B. Early disclosure requirements for pat-
ent infringement actions.’’. 
(c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall take effect on the date of enactment of this Act and shall apply to any action for which a complaint is filed on or after that date. 
SEC. 4. CUSTOMER-SUIT EXCEPTION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 29 of title 35, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘§ 299A. Customer stay 
‘‘(a) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section— 
‘‘(1) the term ‘covered customer’ means a 
retailer or end user that is accused of in-fringing a patent or patents in dispute based on— 
‘‘(A) the sale, or offer for sale, of a covered 
product or covered process without material modification of the product or process in a manner that is alleged to infringe a patent or patents in dispute; or 
‘‘(B) the use by such retailer, the retailer’s 
end user customer, or an end user of a cov-ered product or covered process without ma-terial modification of the product or process in a manner that is alleged to infringe a pat-ent or patents in dispute; 
‘‘(2) the term ‘covered manufacturer’ 
means a person who manufactures or sup-plies, or causes the manufacture or supply of, a covered product or covered process, or a relevant part thereof; 
‘‘(3) the term ‘covered process’ means a 
process, method, or a relevant part thereof, that is alleged to infringe the patent or pat-ents in dispute where such process, method, or relevant part thereof is implemented by an apparatus, material, system, software or other instrumentality that is provided by the covered manufacturer; ‘‘(4) the term ‘covered product’ means a 
component, product, system, service, or a relevant part thereof, that— 
‘‘(A) is alleged to infringe the patent or 
patents in dispute; or 
‘‘(B) implements a process alleged to in-
fringe the patent or patents in dispute; 
‘‘(5) for purposes of this section, the term 
‘end user’ shall include an affiliate of such an end user, but shall not include an entity that manufactures or causes the manufac-ture of a covered product or covered process or a relevant part thereof; 
‘‘(6) the term ‘retailer’ means an entity 
that generates its revenues predominately through the sale to the public of consumer goods or services, or an affiliate of such enti-ty, but shall not include an entity that man-ufactures or causes the manufacture of a covered product or covered process or a rel-evant part thereof; and 
‘‘(7) for purposes of the definitions in sub-
paragraphs (5) and (6), the terms ‘use’ and ‘sale’ mean the use and the sale, respec-tively, within the meanings given those terms under section 271. 
‘‘(b) M
OTION FOR STAY.—In a civil action in 
which a party asserts a claim for relief aris-ing under any Act of Congress relating to patents (other than an action that includes a cause of action described in section 271(e)), the court shall grant a motion to stay at least the portion of the action against a cov-ered customer that relates to infringement of a patent involving a covered product or covered process if— 
‘‘(1) the covered manufacturer is a party to 
the action or a separate action in a Federal court of the United States involving the same patent or patents relating to the same covered product or covered process; 
‘‘(2) the covered customer agrees to be 
bound as to issues determined in an action described in paragraph (1) without a full and fair opportunity to separately litigate any such issue, but only as to those issues for which all other elements of the common law doctrine of issue preclusion are met; and 
‘‘(3) the motion is filed after the first 
pleading in the action but not later than the later of— 
‘‘(A) 120 days after service of the first 
pleading or paper in the action that specifi-cally identifies the covered product or cov-ered process as a basis for the alleged in-fringement of the patent by the covered cus-tomer, and specifically identifies how the covered product or covered process is alleged to infringe the patent; or 
‘‘(B) the date on which the first scheduling 
order in the case is entered. 
‘‘(c) M
ANUFACTURER CONSENT IN CERTAIN  
CASES.—If the covered manufacturer has 
been made a party to the action on motion by the covered customer, then a motion under subsection (b) may only be granted if the covered manufacturer and the covered customer agree in writing to the stay. 
‘‘(d) L
IFT OF STAY.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—A stay entered under 
this section may be lifted upon grant of a motion based on a showing that— 
‘‘(A) the action involving the covered man-
ufacturer will not resolve major issues in the suit against the covered customer, such as that a covered product or covered process identified in the motion to lift the stay is not a material part of the claimed invention or inventions in the patent or patents in dis-pute; or 
‘‘(B) the stay unreasonably prejudices or 
would be manifestly unjust to the party seeking to lift the stay. 
‘‘(2) S
EPARATE ACTIONS .—In the case of a 
stay entered under this section based on the participation of the covered manufacturer in a separate action described in subsection (b)(1), a motion under paragraph (1) may 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:21 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29AP6.011 S29APPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2535 April 29, 2015 
only be granted if the court in such separate 
action determines that the showing required under paragraph (1) has been made. 
‘‘(e) W
AIVER OF ESTOPPEL EFFECT .—If, fol-
lowing the grant of a motion to stay under this section, the covered manufacturer in an action described in subsection (b)(1)— 
‘‘(1) obtains or consents to entry of a con-
sent judgment involving one or more of the issues that gave rise to the stay; or 
‘‘(2) fails to prosecute to a final, non-ap-
pealable judgment a final decision as to one or more of the issues that gave rise to the stay, 
the court may, upon motion, determine that 
such consent judgment or unappealed final decision shall not be binding on the covered customer with respect to one or more of the issues that gave rise to the stay based on a showing that such an outcome would unrea-sonably prejudice or be manifestly unjust to the covered customer in light of the cir-cumstances of the case. 
‘‘(f) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
this section shall be construed to limit the ability of a court to grant any stay, expand any stay granted pursuant to this section, or grant any motion to intervene, if otherwise permitted by law.’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of 
sections for chapter 29 of title 35, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘299A. Customer stay.’’. 
SEC. 5. DISCOVERY LIMITS. 
(a) A MENDMENT .—Chapter 29 of title 35, 
United States Code, as amended by section 4, is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: 
‘‘§ 299B. Discovery in patent infringement ac-
tion 
‘‘(a) D
ISCOVERY IN PATENT INFRINGEMENT  
ACTION .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
subsections (b) and (c), in a civil action aris-ing under any Act of Congress relating to patents, discovery shall be stayed during the pendency of 1 or more motions described in paragraph (2) if the motion or motions were filed prior to the first responsive pleading. 
‘‘(2) M
OTIONS DESCRIBED .—The motions de-
scribed in this paragraph are— 
‘‘(A) a motion to dismiss; ‘‘(B) a motion to transfer venue; and ‘‘(C) a motion to sever accused infringers. 
‘‘(b) D
ISCRETION TO EXPAND SCOPE OF DIS-
COVERY .— 
‘‘(1) R ESOLUTION OF MOTIONS .—A court may 
allow limited discovery necessary to resolve a motion described in subsection (a) or a mo-tion for preliminary relief properly raised by a party before or during the pendency of a motion described in subsection (a). 
‘‘(2) A
DDITIONAL DISCOVERY .—On motion, a 
court may allow additional discovery if the court finds that such discovery is necessary to preserve evidence or otherwise prevent specific prejudice to a party. 
‘‘(c) E
XCLUSION FROM DISCOVERY LIMITA -
TION.— 
‘‘(1) V OLUNTARY EXCLUSION .—The parties to 
an action described in subsection (a) may voluntarily consent to be excluded, in whole or in part, from the limitation on discovery under subsection (a). 
‘‘(2) C
LAIMS UNDER SECTION 271 (e).—This sec-
tion shall not apply to a civil action that in-cludes a claim for relief arising under sec-tion 271(e). 
‘‘(d) R
ULES OF CONSTRUCTION .— 
‘‘(1) T IMELINE FOR RESPONSIVE PLEADINGS .— 
Nothing in this section shall be construed to alter the time provided by the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure for the filing of responsive pleadings. 
‘‘(2) E
XCHANGE OF CONTENTIONS .—Nothing 
in this section shall prohibit a court from or-dering or local rules from requiring the ex-
change of contentions regarding infringe-ment, non-infringement, invalidity or other issues, by interrogatories or other written initial disclosures, at an appropriate time determined by the court.’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of 
sections for chapter 29 of title 35, United States Code, as amended by section 4, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 299A the following: 
‘‘299B. Discovery in patent infringement 
action.’’. 
(c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall take effect on the date of enactment of this Act and shall apply to any action for which a complaint is filed on or after that date. 
SEC. 6. PROCEDURES AND PRACTICES TO IMPLE-
MENT RECOMMENDATIONS OF THE JUDICIAL CONFERENCE. 
(a) J UDICIAL CONFERENCE RULES AND PRO-
CEDURES ON DISCOVERY BURDENS AND  
COSTS.— 
(1) R ULES AND PROCEDURES .—The Judicial 
Conference of the United States, using exist-ing resources, should develop rules and pro-cedures to implement the discovery pro-posals described in paragraph (2) to address concerns regarding the asymmetries in dis-covery burdens and costs that may arise in a civil action arising under any Act of Con-gress relating to patents. 
(2) R
ULES AND PROCEDURES TO BE CONSID -
ERED .—The rules and procedures to be devel-
oped under paragraph (1) should address each of the following: 
(A) D
ISCOVERY OF CORE DOCUMENTARY EVI -
DENCE .—To what extent each party to the ac-
tion is entitled to receive core documentary evidence and should be responsible for the costs of producing core documentary evi-dence within the possession or control of each such party, and to what extent each party to the action may seek noncore docu-mentary discovery as otherwise provided in the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure. 
(B) E
LECTRONIC COMMUNICATION .—If the 
parties request discovery of electronic com-munication, how such discovery should be phased to occur relative to the exchange of initial disclosures and core documentary evi-dence, and appropriate limitations to apply to such discovery. 
(C) A
DDITIONAL DOCUMENT DISCOVERY .—The 
manner and extent to which the following should apply: 
(i) I
N GENERAL .—Each party to the action 
may seek any additional document discovery beyond core documentary evidence as per-mitted under the Federal Rules of Civil Pro-cedure, if such party bears the reasonable costs, including reasonable attorney’s fees, of the additional document discovery. 
(ii) R
EQUIREMENTS FOR ADDITIONAL DOCU -
MENT DISCOVERY .—Unless the parties mutu-
ally agree otherwise, no party may be per-mitted additional document discovery unless such a party posts a bond, or provides other security, in an amount sufficient to cover the expected costs of such additional docu-ment discovery, or makes a showing to the court that such party has the financial ca-pacity to pay the costs of such additional document discovery. 
(iii) G
OOD CAUSE MODIFICATION .—A court, 
upon motion and for good cause shown, may modify the requirements of subparagraphs (A) and (B) and any definition under para-graph (3). Not later than 30 days after the pretrial conference under rule 16 of the Fed-eral Rules of Civil Procedure, the parties shall jointly submit any proposed modifica-tions of the requirements of subparagraphs (A) and (B) and any definition under para-graph (3), unless the parties do not agree, in which case each party shall submit any pro-posed modification of such party and a sum-
mary of the disagreement over the modifica-tion. 
(iv) C
OMPUTER CODE .—A court, upon mo-
tion and for good cause shown, may deter-mine that computer code should be included in the discovery of core documentary evi-dence. The discovery of computer code shall occur after the parties have exchanged ini-tial disclosures and other core documentary evidence. 
(D) D
ISCOVERY SEQUENCE AND SCOPE .—The 
manner and extent to which the parties shall discuss and address in the written report filed pursuant to rule 26(f) of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure the views and pro-posals of each party on the following: 
(i) When the discovery of core documen-
tary evidence should be completed. 
(ii) Whether additional document dis-
covery will be sought under subparagraph (C). 
(iii) Any issues about infringement, inva-
lidity, or damages that, if resolved before the additional discovery described in subpara-graph (C) commences, might simplify or streamline the case. 
(3) S
COPE OF DOCUMENTARY EVIDENCE .—In 
developing rules or procedures under this section, the Judicial Conference should con-sider which kinds of evidence constitute ‘‘core documentary evidence’’. 
(4) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection the 
term ‘‘electronic communication’’ means any form of electronic communication, in-cluding email, text message, or instant mes-sage. 
(b) J
UDICIAL CONFERENCE PATENT CASE 
MANAGEMENT .—The Judicial Conference of 
the United States, using existing resources, should develop case management procedures to be implemented by the United States dis-trict courts and the United States Court of Federal Claims for any civil action arising under any Act of Congress relating to pat-ents, including initial disclosure and early case management conference practices that— 
(1) will identify any potential dispositive 
issues of the case; and 
(2) focus on early summary judgment mo-
tions when resolution of issues may lead to expedited disposition of the case. 
SEC. 7. FEES AND OTHER EXPENSES. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that, in patent cases, reasonable attorney fees should be paid by a non-pre-vailing party whose litigation position or conduct is not objectively reasonable. As the Supreme Court wrote in adopting this legal standard in the context of fee shifting under section 1447 of title 28, United States Code, this standard is intended to strike a balance; in patent cases, a more appropriate balance between protecting the right of a patent holder to enforce its patent on the one hand, and deterring abuses in patent litigation and threats thereof on the other. 
(b) A
MENDMENT .—Section 285 of title 35, 
United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘§ 285. Fees and other expenses 
‘‘(a) A
WARD .—In connection with a civil ac-
tion in which any party asserts a claim for relief arising under any Act of Congress re-lating to patents, upon motion by a pre-vailing party, the court shall determine whether the position of the non-prevailing party was objectively reasonable in law and fact, and whether the conduct of the non-pre-vailing party was objectively reasonable. If the court finds that the position of the non- prevailing party was not objectively reason-able in law or fact or that the conduct of the non-prevailing party was not objectively rea-sonable, the court shall award reasonable at-torney fees to the prevailing party unless 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:59 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29AP6.011 S29APPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2536 April 29, 2015 
special circumstances would make an award 
unjust. 
‘‘(b) C OVENANT NOT TO SUE.—A party to a 
civil action who asserts a claim for relief arising under any Act of Congress relating to patents against another party, and who sub-sequently unilaterally (i) seeks dismissal of 
the action without consent of the other party and (ii) extends to such other party a covenant not to sue for infringement with respect to the patent or patents at issue, may be the subject of a motion for attorney fees under subsection (a) as if it were a non- prevailing party, unless the party asserting such claim would have been entitled, at the time that such covenant was extended, to dismiss voluntarily the action without a court order under rule 41 of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure, or the interests of justice require otherwise. 
‘‘(c) R
ECOVERY OF AWARD .— 
‘‘(1) C ERTIFICATION ; DISCLOSURE OF INTER -
ESTED PARTIES .— 
‘‘(A) I NITIAL STATEMENT .—A party defend-
ing against a claim of infringement may file, not later than 14 days before a scheduling conference is to be held or a scheduling order is due under rule 16(b) of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure, a statement that such party holds a good faith belief, based on publicly- available information and any other infor-mation known to such party, that the pri-mary business of the party alleging infringe-ment is the assertion and enforcement of patents or the licensing resulting therefrom. 
‘‘(B) C
ERTIFICATION .—Not later than 45 
days after being served with an initial state-ment under subparagraph (A), a party alleg-ing infringement shall file a certification that— 
‘‘(i) establishes and certifies to the court, 
under oath, that it will have sufficient funds available to satisfy any award of reasonable attorney fees under this section if an award is assessed; 
‘‘(ii) demonstrates that its primary busi-
ness is not the assertion and enforcement of patents or the licensing resulting therefrom; 
‘‘(iii) identifies interested parties, if any, 
as defined in paragraph (2) of this subsection; or 
‘‘(iv) states that it has no such interested 
parties. 
A party alleging infringement shall have an 
ongoing obligation to supplement its certifi-cation under this subparagraph within 30 days after a material change to the informa-tion provided in its certification. 
‘‘(C) N
OTICE TO INTERESTED PARTY .—A 
party that files a certification under sub-paragraph (B)(iii) shall, prior to filing the certification, provide each identified inter-ested party actual notice in writing by serv-ice of notice in any district where the inter-ested party may be found, such that jurisdic-tion shall be established over each interested party to the action for purposes of enforcing an award of attorney fees under this section, consistent with the Constitution of the United States. The notice shall identify the action, the parties, the patents at issue, and the interest qualifying the party to be an in-terested party. The notice shall inform the recipient that the recipient may be held ac-countable under this subsection for any award of attorney fees, or a portion thereof, resulting from the action in the event the party alleging infringement cannot satisfy the full amount of such an award, unless the recipient renounces its interest pursuant to subparagraph (E) or is otherwise exempt from the applicability of this subsection. 
‘‘(D) A
CCOUNTABILITY FOR INTERESTED PAR -
TIES.—Any interested parties who are timely 
served with actual notice pursuant to sub-paragraph (C) and do not renounce their in-terests pursuant to subparagraph (E) or are not otherwise exempt from the applicability of this subsection may be held accountable for any fees, or a portion thereof, awarded 
under this section in the event that the party alleging infringement cannot satisfy the full amount of the award. If a true and correct certification under clause (i) or (ii) of subparagraph (B) is timely filed with the court, interested parties shall not be subject to this subparagraph. 
‘‘(E) R
ENUNCIATION OF INTEREST .—Any re-
cipient of a notice under subparagraph (C) may submit a statement of renunciation of interest in a binding document with notice to the court and parties in the action not later than 120 days after receipt of the notice under subparagraph (C). The statement shall be required to renounce only such interest as would qualify the recipient as an interested party. 
‘‘(F) I
NSTITUTIONS OF HIGHER EDUCATION EX -
CEPTION .—Any institution of higher edu-
cation (as defined in section 101(a) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1001(a)) or under equivalent laws in foreign jurisdictions), or a non-profit technology transfer organization whose primary purpose is to facilitate the commercialization of technologies developed by 1 or more institu-tions of higher education, may exempt itself from the applicability of this subsection by filing a certification that it qualifies for the exception provided for in this subparagraph with the court and providing notice to the parties. 
‘‘(G) I
NTEREST OF JUSTICE EXCEPTION .—Any 
recipient of a notice under subparagraph (C) may intervene in the action for purposes of contesting its identification as an interested party or its liability under this subsection, and a court may exempt any party identified as an interested party from the applicability of this subsection as the interest of justice requires. 
‘‘(2) I
NTERESTED PARTY .—In this section, 
the term ‘interested party’— 
‘‘(A) means a person who has a substantial 
financial interest related to the proceeds from any settlement, license, or damages award resulting from the enforcement of the patent in the action by the party alleging in-fringement; 
‘‘(B) does not include an attorney or law 
firm providing legal representation in the action if the sole basis for the financial in-terest of the attorney or law firm in the out-come of the action arises from the attorney or law firm’s receipt of compensation reason-ably related to the provision of the legal rep-resentation; 
‘‘(C) does not include a person who has as-
signed all right, title, and interest in a pat-ent, except for passive receipt of income, to an entity described in paragraph (1)(F), or who has a right to receive any portion of such passive income; and 
‘‘(D) does not include a person who would 
be an interested party under subparagraph (A) but whose financial interest is based solely on an equity or security interest es-tablished when the party alleging infringe-ment’s primary business was not the asser-tion and enforcement of patents or the li-censing resulting therefrom. 
‘‘(d) C
LAIMS UNDER SECTION 271(e).— 
‘‘(1) A PPLICABILITY .—Subsections (a), (b), 
and (c) shall not apply to a civil action that includes a claim for relief arising under sec-tion 271(e). 
‘‘(2) A
WARD IN CERTAIN CLAIMS UNDER SEC -
TION 271(E) .—In a civil action that includes a 
claim for relief arising under section 271(e), the court may in exceptional cases award reasonable attorney fees to the prevailing party.’’. 
(c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT AND AMEND -
MENT .— 
(1) C ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The item re-
lating to section 285 of the table of sections for chapter 29 of title 35, United States Code, 
is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘285. Fees and other expenses.’’. 
(2) A MENDMENT .—Section 273 of title 35, 
United States Code, is amended by striking subsections (f) and (g). 
(d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall take effect on the date of enactment of this Act and shall apply to any action filed on or after such date. 
SEC. 8. REQUIREMENT OF CLARITY AND SPECI-
FICITY IN DEMAND LETTERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 29 of title 35, 
United States Code, as amended by section 5, is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: 
‘‘§ 299C. Pre-suit written notice 
‘‘(a) A
PPLICABILITY .—Subsection (b) shall 
not apply— 
‘‘(1) to written communication between 
parties— 
‘‘(A) regarding existing licensing agree-
ments; 
‘‘(B) as part of an ongoing licensing nego-
tiation, provided that the initial written no-tice complied with the requirements of sub-section (b) of this section; or 
‘‘(C) sent after the initial written notice, 
provided that the initial written notice com-plied with the requirements of subsection (b) of this section; or 
‘‘(2) if the court determines it is in the in-
terest of justice to waive the requirements of subsection (b). 
‘‘(b) W
RITTEN NOTIFICATION REQUIRE -
MENTS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—In a civil action alleging 
infringement of a patent in which the plain-tiff has provided written notice of the accu-sation of infringement to the party accused of infringement prior to filing the action, the initial written notice shall contain the infor-mation required under paragraph (2) or be subject to paragraph (3). 
‘‘(2) R
EQUIRED INFORMATION PROVIDED IN  
INITIAL WRITTEN NOTICE .—The initial written 
notice described in paragraph (1) shall con-tain, at a minimum— 
‘‘(A) an identification of— ‘‘(i) each patent believed to be infringed, 
including the patent number; and 
‘‘(ii) at least one claim of each patent that 
is believed to be infringed; 
‘‘(B) an identification of each product, 
process, apparatus, or chemical composition, including any manufacturer thereof, that is believed to infringe one or more claims of each patent under subparagraph (A); 
‘‘(C) a clear and detailed description of the 
reasons why the plaintiff believes each pat-ent identified under subparagraph (A) is in-fringed; 
‘‘(D) notice to the intended recipient that 
the intended recipient may have the right to a stay of any suit in accordance with section 299A; 
‘‘(E) the identity of any person with the 
right to enforce each patent under subpara-graph (A); and 
‘‘(F) if compensation is proposed, a short 
and plain statement as to how that proposed compensation was determined. 
‘‘(3) A
DDITIONAL TIME TO RESPOND .—If the 
initial written notice provided to the defend-ant prior to the filing of the civil action did not contain the information required by paragraph (2), the defendant’s time to re-spond to the complaint shall be extended by an additional 30 days.’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of 
sections for chapter 29 of title 35, United States Code, as amended by section 5, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘299C. Pre-suit written notice.’’. 
(c) W
ILLFUL INFRINGEMENT .—Section 284 of 
title 35, United States Code, is amended— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:59 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29AP6.011 S29APPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2537 April 29, 2015 
(1) in the first undesignated paragraph, by 
striking ‘‘Upon finding’’ and inserting ‘‘(a) I N 
GENERAL .—Upon finding’’; 
(2) in the second undesignated paragraph, 
by striking ‘‘When the damages’’ and insert-ing ‘‘(b) A
SSESSMENT BY COURT ; TREBLE DAM-
AGES .—When the damages’’; 
(3) by inserting after subsection (b), as des-
ignated by subparagraph (B), the following: 
‘‘(c) W ILLFUL INFRINGEMENT .—A claimant 
seeking to establish willful infringement may not rely on evidence of pre-suit notifi-cation of infringement unless that notifica-tion complies with the standards set out in section 299C(b)(2).’’; and 
(4) in the last undesignated paragraph, by 
striking ‘‘The court’’ and inserting ‘‘(d) E
X-
PERT TESTIMONY .—The court’’. 
(d) E FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall take effect on the date that is 1 year after the date of enact-ment of this Act and shall apply to any ac-tion for which a complaint is filed on or after that date. 
SEC. 9. ABUSIVE DEMAND LETTERS. 
(a) B AD-FAITH DEMAND LETTERS .—Chapter 
29 of title 35, United States Code, as amended by section 8, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘§ 299D. Bad-faith demand letters 
‘‘(a) D
EFINITION .—In this section, the term 
‘affiliated person’ means a person affiliated with the intended recipient of a written com-munication. 
‘‘(b) C
IVIL PENALTIES FOR CERTAIN UNFAIR  
ORDECEPTIVE ACTS OR PRACTICES IN CONNEC -
TION WITHABUSIVE DEMAND LETTERS .—A per-
son who commits an unfair or deceptive act or practice within the meaning of section 5(a)(1) of the Federal Trade Commission Act (15 U.S.C. 45(a)(1)), in connection with the as-sertion of a United States patent, and who engages in the widespread sending of written communications representing that the in-tended recipients, or any persons affiliated with those recipients, are or may be infring-ing, or have or may have infringed, the pat-ent and may bear liability or owe compensa-tion to another, shall be deemed to have vio-lated a rule defining an unfair or deceptive act or practice described under section 18(a)(1)(B) of the Federal Trade Commission Act (15 U.S.C. 57a(a)(1)(B)) if— 
‘‘(1)(A) the communications falsely— ‘‘(i) represent that administrative or judi-
cial relief has been sought against the recipi-ent or others; or 
‘‘(ii) threaten litigation if compensation is 
not paid, the infringement issue is not other-wise resolved, or the communication is not responded to; and 
‘‘(B) there is a pattern of false statements 
or threats described in subparagraph (A) hav-ing been made without litigation or other re-lief then having been pursued; 
‘‘(2) the assertions contained in the com-
munications lack a reasonable basis in fact or law, because— 
‘‘(A) the person asserting the patent is not 
a person, or does not represent a person, with the current right to license the patent to, or to enforce the patent against, the intended recipients or any affiliated persons; 
‘‘(B) the communications seek compensa-
tion on account of activities undertaken after the patent has expired; 
‘‘(C) the communications seek compensa-
tion for a patent that has been held to be in-valid or unenforceable in a final judicial or administrative proceeding that is unappealable or for which any opportunity for appeal is no longer available; 
‘‘(D) the communications seek compensa-
tion for activities by the recipient that the sender knows do not infringe the patent be-cause such activities are authorized by the patentee; ‘‘(E) the communications falsely represent 
that an investigation of the recipient’s al-leged infringement has occurred; or 
‘‘(F) the communications falsely state that 
litigation has been filed against, or a license has been paid by persons similarly situated to the recipient; or 
‘‘(3) the content of the written communica-
tions is likely to materially mislead a rea-sonable recipient because the content fails to include facts reasonably necessary to in-form the recipient— 
‘‘(A) of the identity of the person asserting 
a right to license the patent to, or enforce the patent against, the intended recipient or any affiliated person; 
‘‘(B) of the patent issued by the United 
States Patent and Trademark Office alleged to have been infringed; and 
‘‘(C) if infringement or the need to pay 
compensation for a license is alleged, of an identification of at least one product, serv-ice, or other activity of the recipient that is alleged to infringe the identified patent or patents and, unless the information is not readily accessible, an explanation of the basis for such allegation. 
‘‘(c) E
NFORCEMENT BY FEDERAL TRADE COM-
MISSION .— 
‘‘(1) P OWERS OF COMMISSION .—The Federal 
Trade Commission shall enforce this section in the same manner, by the same means, and with the same jurisdiction, powers, and du-ties as though all applicable terms and provi-sions of the Federal Trade Commission Act (15 U.S.C. 41 et seq.) were incorporated into and made a part of this section. 
‘‘(2) P
RIVILEGES AND IMMUNITIES .—Any per-
son who engages in an act or practice de-scribed in subsection (b) shall be subject to the penalties and entitled to the privileges and immunities provided in the Federal Trade Commission Act (15 U.S.C. 41 et seq.).’’. 
(b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of sections for chapter 29 of 
title 35, United States Code, as amended by section 8, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 299C the following: 
‘‘299D. Bad-faith demand letters.’’. 
SEC. 10. TRANSPARENCY OF PATENT TRANSFER. 
(a) P ATENT AND TRADEMARK OFFICE PRO-
CEEDINGS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Chapter 26 of title 35, 
United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 261 the following: 
‘‘§ 261A. Disclosure of information relating to 
patent ownership 
‘‘(a) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
‘‘(1) P ERIOD OF NONCOMPLIANCE .—The term 
‘period of noncompliance’ refers to a period of time during which the assignee or the ul-timate parent entity of an assignee of a pat-ent has not been disclosed to the United States Patent and Trademark Office in ac-cordance with this section. 
‘‘(2) U
LTIMATE PATENT ENTITY .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
subparagraph (B), the term ‘ultimate parent entity’ has the meaning given such term in section 801.1(a)(3) of title 16, Code of Federal Regulations, or any successor regulation. 
‘‘(B) M
ODIFICATION OF DEFINITION .—The Di-
rector may by regulation modify the defini-tion of the term ‘ultimate parent entity’. 
‘‘(b) R
EQUIREMENT TO DISCLOSE ASSIGN -
MENT .—An assignment of all substantial 
rights in an issued patent shall be recorded in the Patent and Trademark Office— 
‘‘(1) not later than the date on which the 
patent is issued; and 
‘‘(2) when any subsequent assignment is 
made that results in a change to the ulti-mate parent entity— 
‘‘(A) not later than 3 months after the date 
on which such assignment is made; or 
‘‘(B) in the case of an assignment made as 
part of a corporate acquisition that meets the reporting thresholds under section 
7A(a)(2) of the Clayton Act (15 U.S.C. 18a(a)(2)), not later than 6 months after the closing date of such acquisition. 
‘‘(c) D
ISCLOSURE REQUIREMENTS .—A disclo-
sure under subsection (b) shall include the name of the assignee and the ultimate par-ent entity of the assignee. 
‘‘(d) F
AILURE TO COMPLY .—In a civil action 
in which a party asserts a claim for infringe-ment of a patent, if there was a failure to comply with subsection (b) for the patent— 
‘‘(1) the party asserting infringement of 
the patent may not recover increased dam-ages under section 284 or attorney fees under section 285 with respect to infringing activi-ties taking place during any period of non-compliance, unless the denial of such dam-ages or fees would be manifestly unjust; and 
‘‘(2) the court shall award to a prevailing 
accused infringer reasonable attorney fees and expenses incurred in discovering the identity of any undisclosed entity required to be disclosed under subsection (b), unless such sanctions would be manifestly unjust.’’. 
(2) A
PPLICABILITY .—The amendment made 
by paragraph (1) shall apply to any patent for which a notice of allowance is issued on or after the date of enactment of this Act. 
(3) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of 
sections for chapter 26 of title 35, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new item: 
‘‘261A. Disclosure of information relating to 
patent ownership.’’. 
(b) R
EGULATIONS .—The Director may pro-
mulgate such regulations as are necessary to establish a registration fee in an amount suf-ficient to recover the estimated costs of ad-ministering section 261A of title 35, United States Code, as added by subsection (a), to facilitate the collection and maintenance of the information required by the amendments made by this section and section 3(b) of this Act, and to ensure the timely disclosure of such information to the public. 
SEC. 11. PROTECTION OF INTELLECTUAL PROP-
ERTY LICENSES IN BANKRUPTCY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1522 of title 11, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(e) Section 365(n) shall apply to cases 
under this chapter. If the foreign representa-tive rejects or repudiates a contract under which the debtor is a licensor of intellectual 
property, the licensee under such contract shall be entitled to make the election and exercise the rights described in section 365(n).’’. 
(b) T
RADEMARKS .— 
(1) A MENDMENT .—Section 101(35A) of title 
11, United States Code, is amended— 
(A) in subparagraph (E), by striking ‘‘or’’; (B) in subparagraph (F), by adding ‘‘or’’ at 
the end; and 
(C) by adding after subparagraph (F) the 
following new subparagraph: 
‘‘(G) a trademark, service mark, or trade 
name, as those terms are defined in section 45 of the Act of July 5, 1946 (commonly re-ferred to as the ‘Trademark Act of 1946’ (15 U.S.C. 1127);’’. 
(2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 
365(n)(2) of title 11, United States Code, is amended— 
(A) in subparagraph (B)— (i) by striking ‘‘royalty payments’’ and in-
serting ‘‘royalty or other payments’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon; (B) in subparagraph (C), by striking the pe-
riod at the end of clause (ii) and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following new 
subparagraph: 
‘‘(D) in the case of a trademark, service 
mark, or trade name, the licensee shall not be relieved of any of its obligations to main-tain the quality of the products and services 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:59 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29AP6.011 S29APPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2538 April 29, 2015 
offered under or in connection with the li-
censed trademark, service mark or trade name, and the trustee shall retain the right to oversee and enforce quality control for said products and/or services.’’. 
(c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall take effect on the date of enactment of this Act and shall apply to any case that is pending on, or for which a petition or complaint is filed on or after, such date of enactment. 
SEC. 12. SMALL BUSINESS EDUCATION, OUT-
REACH, AND INFORMATION ACCESS. 
(a) S MALL BUSINESS EDUCATION AND OUT-
REACH .— 
(1) R ESOURCES FOR SMALL BUSINESS .—Using 
existing resources, the Director shall develop educational resources for small businesses to address concerns arising from patent in-fringement. 
(2) S
MALL BUSINESS PATENT OMBUDSMAN .— 
The existing small business patent outreach programs of the Office, in consultation with the relevant offices at the Small Business Administration and the Minority Business Development Agency, shall provide edu-cation and awareness regarding resources available for those persons responding to al-legations of patent infringement. 
(b) I
MPROVING INFORMATION TRANSPARENCY  
FORSMALL BUSINESS AND THE UNITED STATES  
PATENT AND TRADEMARK OFFICE USERS.— 
(1) W EB SITE .—Using existing resources, 
the Director shall create a user-friendly sec-tion on the official Web site of the Office to notify the public when a patent case is brought in Federal court and, with respect to each patent at issue in such case, the Direc-tor shall include— 
(A) information disclosed under section 
261A of title 35, United States Code, as added by section 10, and section 281B(b) of title 35, United States Code, as added by section 3; and 
(B) any other information the Director de-
termines to be relevant. 
(2) F
ORMAT .—In order to promote accessi-
bility for the public, the information de-scribed in paragraph (1) shall be searchable by patent number, patent art area, and enti-ty. 
SEC. 13. STUDIES ON PATENT TRANSACTIONS, 
QUALITY, AND EXAMINATION. 
(a) S TUDY ON SECONDARY MARKET OVER-
SIGHT FOR PATENT TRANSACTIONS TOPRO-
MOTE TRANSPARENCY AND ETHICAL BUSINESS  
PRACTICES .— 
(1) S TUDY REQUIRED .—The Director, in con-
sultation with the Secretary of Commerce, the Secretary of the Treasury, the Chairman of the Securities and Exchange Commission, the heads of other relevant agencies, and in-terested parties, shall, using existing re-sources of the Office, conduct a study— 
(A) to develop legislative recommendations 
to ensure greater transparency and account-ability in patent transactions occurring on the secondary market; 
(B) to examine the economic impact that 
the patent secondary market has on the United States; 
(C) to examine licensing and other over-
sight requirements that may be placed on the patent secondary market, including on the participants in such markets, to ensure that the market is a level playing field and that brokers in the market have the req-uisite expertise and adhere to ethical busi-ness practices; and 
(D) to examine the requirements placed on 
other markets. 
(2) R
EPORT ON STUDY .—Not later than 18 
months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Director shall submit a report to the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives and the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate on the findings and recommendations of the Director from the 
study required under paragraph (1). 
(b) S
TUDY ON PATENT SMALL CLAIMS PROCE -
DURES .— 
(1) S TUDY REQUIRED .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The Director of the Ad-
ministrative Office of the United States 
Courts, in consultation with the Director of the Federal Judicial Center and the United States Patent and Trademark Office, shall, using existing resources, conduct a study to examine the idea of developing a pilot pro-gram for patent small claims procedures in certain judicial districts within the existing patent pilot program mandated by Public Law 111–349. 
(B) C
ONTENTS OF STUDY .—The study under 
subparagraph (A) shall examine— 
(i) the necessary criteria for using small 
claims procedures; 
(ii) the costs that would be incurred for es-
tablishing, maintaining, and operating such a pilot program; and 
(iii) the steps that would be taken to en-
sure that the procedures used in the pilot program are not misused for abusive patent litigation. 
(2) R
EPORT ON STUDY .—Not later than 1 
year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Director of the Administrative Office of the United States Courts shall submit a re-port to the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives and the Com-mittee on the Judiciary of the Senate on the findings and recommendations of the Direc-tor of the Administrative Office from the study required under paragraph (1). 
(c) S
TUDY ON BUSINESS METHOD PATENT  
QUALITY .— 
(1) GAO STUDY .—The Comptroller General 
of the United States shall, using existing re-sources, conduct a study on the volume and nature of litigation involving business meth-od patents. 
(2) C
ONTENTS OF STUDY .—The study re-
quired under paragraph (1) shall focus on ex-amining the quality of business method pat-ents asserted in suits alleging patent in-fringement, and may include an examination of any other areas that the Comptroller Gen-eral determines to be relevant. 
(3) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 1 
year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General shall submit to the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives and the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate a report on the find-ings and recommendations from the study required by this subsection, including rec-ommendations for any changes to laws or regulations that the Comptroller General considers appropriate on the basis of the study. 
SEC. 14. TECHNICAL CORRECTIONS TO THE 
LEAHY-SMITH AMERICA INVENTS ACT AND OTHER IMPROVEMENTS. 
(a) Section 325(e)(2) of title 35, United 
States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘or rea-sonably could have raised’’. 
(b) PTO P
ATENT REVIEWS .— 
(1) C LARIFICATION .— 
(A) S COPE OF PRIOR ART .—Section 
18(a)(1)(C)(i) of the Leahy-Smith America In-vents Act (35 U.S.C. 321 note) is amended by striking ‘‘section 102(a)’’ and inserting ‘‘sub-section (a) or (e) of section 102’’. 
(B) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendment 
made by subparagraph (A) shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act and shall apply to any proceeding pending on, or filed on or after, such date of enactment. 
(2) A
UTHORITY TO WAIVE FEE .—Subject to 
available resources, the Director may waive payment of a filing fee for a transitional pro-ceeding described under section 18(a) of the Leahy-Smith America Invents Act (35 U.S.C. 321 note). 
(c) T
ECHNICAL CORRECTIONS .— (1) N OVELTY .— 
(A) A MENDMENT .—Section 102(b)(1)(A) of 
title 35, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘the inventor or joint inventor or by another’’ and inserting ‘‘the inventor or a joint inventor or another’’. 
(B) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendment 
made by subparagraph (A) shall be effective as if included in the amendment made by section 3(b)(1) of the Leahy-Smith America Invents Act (Public Law 112–29). 
(2) I
NVENTOR ’S OATH OR DECLARATION .— 
(A) R EQUIREMENT TO EXECUTE .—Section 
115(a) of title 35, United States Code, is amended in the second sentence by striking ‘‘shall execute’’ and inserting ‘‘may be re-quired by the Director to execute’’. 
(B) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendment 
made by subparagraph (A) shall be effective as if included in the amendment made by section 4(a)(1) of the Leahy-Smith America Invents Act (Public Law 112–29). 
(3) A
SSIGNEE FILERS .— 
(A) B ENEFIT OF EARLIER FILING DATE ; RIGHT  
OF PRIORITY .—Section 119(e)(1) of title 35, 
United States Code, is amended, in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘by an inventor or in-ventors named’’ and inserting ‘‘that names the inventor or a joint inventor’’. 
(B) B
ENEFIT OF EARLIER FILING DATE IN THE  
UNITED STATES .—Section 120 of title 35, 
United States Code, is amended, in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘names an inventor or joint inventor’’ and inserting ‘‘names the in-ventor or a joint inventor’’. 
(C) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendments 
made by this paragraph shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act and shall apply to any patent application, and any patent issuing from such application, that is filed on or after September 16, 2012. 
(4) D
ERIVED PATENTS .— 
(A) A MENDMENT .—Section 291(b) of title 35, 
United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘or joint inventor’’ and inserting ‘‘or a joint inventor’’. 
(B) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendment 
made by subparagraph (A) shall be effective as if included in the amendment made by section 3(h)(1) of the Leahy-Smith America Invents Act (Public Law 112–29). 
(5) S
PECIFICATION .—Notwithstanding sec-
tion 4(e) of the Leahy-Smith America In-vents Act (Public Law 112–29; 125 Stat. 297), the amendments made by subsections (c) and (d) of section 4 of such Act shall apply to any proceeding or matter that is pending on, or filed on or after, the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(6) T
IME LIMIT FOR COMMENCING MISCONDUCT  
PROCEEDINGS .— 
(A) A MENDMENT .—The fourth sentence of 
section 32 of title 35, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘1 year’’ and inserting ‘‘18 months’’. 
(B) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendment 
made by this paragraph shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act and shall apply to any action in which the Office files a complaint on or after such date of en-actment. 
(7) P
ATENT OWNER RESPONSE .— 
(A) C ONDUCT OF INTER PARTES REVIEW .— 
Paragraph (8) of section 316(a) of title 35, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘the petition under section 313’’ and insert-ing ‘‘the petition under section 311’’. 
(B) C
ONDUCT OF POST -GRANT REVIEW .—Para-
graph (8) of section 326(a) of title 35, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘the pe-tition under section 323’’ and inserting ‘‘the petition under section 321’’. 
(C) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendments 
made by this paragraph shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(d) M
ANAGEMENT OF THE UNITED STATES  
PATENT AND TRADEMARK OFFICE .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:21 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29AP6.011 S29APPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2539 April 29, 2015 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 3(b)(1) of title 35, 
United States Code, is amended in the first sentence— 
(A) by striking ‘‘be vested with the author-
ity to act in the capacity of the’’ and insert-ing ‘‘serve as Acting,’’; and 
(B) by inserting before the period ‘‘or in 
the event of a vacancy in the office of the Di-rector.’’. 
(2) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendments 
made by paragraph (1) shall take effect on the date of enactment of this Act and shall apply with respect to appointments and va-cancies occurring before, on, or after the date of enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 15. EFFECTIVE DATE. 
Except as otherwise provided in this Act, 
the provisions of this Act shall take effect on the date of enactment of this Act, and shall apply to any patent issued, or any action filed, on or after that date. 
SEC. 16. SEVERABILITY. 
If any provision of this Act, or an amend-
ment made by this Act, or the application of such provision or amendment to any person or circumstance, is held to be invalid, the re-mainder of this Act, or an amendment made by this Act, or the application of such provi-sion to other persons or circumstances, shall not be affected. 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, I am 
proud to introduce legislation with Senators G
RASSLEY , CORNYN , SCHUMER , 
LEE, HATCH and K LOBUCHAR . As mem-
bers of the Senate Judiciary Com-mittee, we have been working for al-most 2 years to address abusive con-duct in our patent system. Our legisla-tion will deter abusive practices while preserving the strength of America’s patent system. After months of nego-tiations, we have achieved a strong and fair balance that I strongly support. 
America’s patent system has fueled 
our Nation’s greatest technological ad-vances, creating jobs and spurring in-novation. By promoting investment in new products and designs, our patent system drives developments that ben-efit us all. In recent years, however, bad actors have abused the patent sys-tem to extract money from unsuspecting companies through broad threats of patent litigation. Coffee shops have been threatened with pat-ent suits simply for using a Wi-Fi rout-er they purchased off the shelf, and website owners have faced costly liti-gation for using basic software in e- commerce. Instead of using patents to drive new creations, some entities are holding up main street businesses and innovative companies simply to extort financial settlements. 
The PATENT Act addresses this be-
havior through several important re-
forms. It will promote transparency to hold bad actors accountable; curb mis-leading demand letters; and empower customers who have been improperly targeted for simply using a product when the product’s manufacturer should defend the suit instead. I have heard about the urgent need for these measures from businesses in Vermont and across the country, which is why I included them in the bipartisan legisla-tion on patent abuses that Senator L
EE 
and I introduced last Congress. This provision has earned widespread sup-port and I am glad it is part of the bill we introduce today. The legislation also addresses imbal-
ances in patent litigation that make it unusually difficult and expensive to de-fend against frivolous lawsuits. These measures would require detailed alle-gations in legal complaints for patent infringement, establish reasonable pa-rameters for document discovery to save costs, and ensure that litigants 
can be held accountable for the other side’s attorneys’ fees if their conduct or position is found by a court to be ob-jectively unreasonable. 
Drafting legislation that involves the 
enforcement of patent rights is a com-plex problem that requires time and balance. Congress spent multiple years developing what ultimately became the Leahy-Smith America Invents Act of 2011, and we were able to come together to find common ground and enact that major piece of legislation into law. Throughout our negotiations on this bill, I have emphasized the need to ad-dress concerns from major manufactur-ers, inventors, universities, and patent law practitioners who warned that, if taken too far, patent litigation reform proposals would harm legitimate pat-ent holders’ ability to protect their rights in court. The legislation we have introduced today is greatly improved as a result of their input. 
It is worth highlighting some of the 
changes that have been made to the bill to respond to those concerns, changes which were personally impor-tant to me as we negotiated this legis-lation. The language in the PATENT Act provides for fee shifting only in cases where the court finds that the losing party was not ‘‘objectively rea-sonable.’’ This is an important change from the approach of ‘‘presumptive loser pays’’ contained in the House’s patent reform bill, the Innovation Act. It promotes judicial discretion and en-sures the burden is on the party seek-ing fees to show that fees should be awarded. An additional exception al-lows the court to refrain from award-ing fees if such an award would be un-just—for example, because it would cause undue financial harm to an indi-vidual inventor or a public institution of higher education. 
The PATENT Act simplifies the 
pleading requirements that are con-tained in the Innovation Act, and en-sures that a plaintiff is not required to plead information if it is not accessible to them. I am grateful that the other authors of this bill worked with me to ensure that the standard of what a plaintiff is required to plead about in-fringement of their patent claims tracks Rule 8 of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure, without creating a higher standard for plaintiffs to prove a plausible claim for relief. 
I am also grateful for the significant 
work that was done to streamline the discovery provisions of the bill, to pro-tect litigants from costly discovery while ensuring that legitimate plain-tiffs are not prejudiced by unreason-able limitations on their ability to ac-cess information. Under the PATENT Act, discovery is stayed while the 
court resolves early, pre-answer mo-tions about whether the case has been brought in the correct venue, against the correct defendants, and whether the complaint states a plausible claim for relief. Discovery is permitted if necessary to resolve those motions, to resolve a motion for preliminary relief, or if failure to allow discovery would cause specific prejudice to a party. 
Taken together, these provisions will 
help promote efficiency in patent suits while ensuring that patent holders can fairly protect their rights in court. While the provisions are not perfect, they strike a meaningful balance that I am happy to support given the unusual complexities of patent litigation. 
As this legislation proceeds to mark-
up in the Senate Judiciary Committee next month, I look forward to consid-ering additional amendments that will improve this bill. For example, in re-cent months, some companies and in-ventors have raised concerns about un-fair practices that are taking place in the post-grant review proceedings through which patents can be chal-lenged at the Patent and Trademark Office. Those proceedings were created by the Leahy-Smith America Invents Act as an important tool to improve patent quality, but if they are being misused or creating inaccurate percep-tions in the marketplace, we should ad-dress those concerns. I look forward to working with the stakeholders who have already contributed meaningfully to this bill. 
Abusive practices by bad actors are a 
discredit to our strong patent system, and it is in no one’s interest that they continue. Businesses, innovators and customers that are victims of abusive conduct need us to come together to enact reform. I look forward to this bill’s swift consideration in the Judici-ary Committee. 
f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 154—DESIG-
NATING MAY 16, 2015, AS ‘‘KIDS TO PARKS DAY’’ 
Mr. WYDEN (for himself, Mr. 
P
ORTMAN , Mr. B OOKER , Ms. H IRONO , and 
Mr. H EINRICH ) submitted the following 
resolution; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary: 
S. R ES. 154 
Whereas the 5th annual Kids to Parks Day 
will be celebrated on May 16, 2015; 
Whereas the goal of Kids to Parks Day is 
to promote healthy outdoor recreation and environmental stewardship, empower young people, and encourage families to get out-doors and visit the parks and public land of the United States; 
Whereas on Kids to Parks Day, individuals 
from rural and urban areas of the United States can be reintroduced to the splendid national, State, and neighborhood parks lo-cated in their communities; 
Whereas communities across the United 
States offer a variety of natural resources and public land, often with free access, to in-dividuals seeking outdoor recreation; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:14 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29AP6.011 S29APPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2540 April 29, 2015 
Whereas the people of the United States, 
young and old, should be encouraged to lead more healthy and active lifestyles; 
Whereas Kids to Parks Day is an oppor-
tunity for families to take a break from their busy lives and come together for a day of active, wholesome fun; and 
Whereas Kids to Parks Day will broaden an 
appreciation for nature and the outdoors in young people: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate— 
(1) designates May 16, 2015, as ‘‘Kids to 
Parks Day;’’ 
(2) recognizes the importance of outdoor 
recreation and the preservation of open spaces to the health and education of the young people of the United States; 
(3) encourages the people of the United 
States to observe the day with appropriate programs, ceremonies, and activities; and 
(4) encourages the President to issue a 
proclamation for Kids to Parks Day, calling on the people of the United States to observe Kids to Parks Day with appropriate pro-grams, ceremonies, and activities. 
f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 155—ESTAB-
LISHING MAY 2, 2015, AS A DAY OF RECOGNITION FOR EBOLA OR-PHANS TO EXPRESS SUPPORT FOR THE CHILDREN AND FAMI-LIES AFFECTED BY THE 2014 EBOLA OUTBREAK IN WEST AF-RICA BY PROMOTING AWARE-NESS OF THE CHILDREN OF WEST AFRICA WHO HAVE BEEN ORPHANED BY THE 2014 EBOLA EPIDEMIC, CELEBRATING THOSE WHO HAVE RECOGNIZED AND ARE WORKING TO FULFILL THE NEEDS OF CHILDREN, AND EN-COURAGING THE PEOPLE OF THE UNITED STATES TO CONTINUE TO SUPPORT THE PEOPLE OF WEST AFRICA 
Mr. INHOFE (for himself and Ms. 
K
LOBUCHAR ) submitted the following 
resolution; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary: 
S. R ES. 155 
Whereas the 2014 Ebola outbreak in West 
Africa reached epidemic proportions; 
Whereas the World Health Organization re-
ports that there have been over 14,800 labora-tory-confirmed cases of Ebola in Guinea, Li-beria, and Sierra Leone as of April 19, 2015; 
Whereas the World Health Organization re-
ports that there have been over 10,800 deaths from Ebola in Guinea, Liberia, and Sierra Leone as of April 19, 2015; 
Whereas the United Nations Children’s 
Fund (UNICEF) estimates that as of Feb-ruary 2015, nearly 11,000 children in West Af-rica have lost 1 or both parents due to the 2014 Ebola outbreak; 
Whereas some families reject Ebola or-
phans out of fear of the disease; 
Whereas the United States authorized 
$750,000,000 to support up to 3,000 United States troops in Monrovia, Liberia to re-spond to the Ebola crisis; and 
Whereas United States citizens have given 
time and resources to assist the people of West Africa, including Ebola orphans: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate— 
(1) recognizes May 2, 2015, as a Day of Rec-
ognition for Ebola Orphans, to promote awareness of the children of West Africa or-phaned by the 2014 Ebola outbreak; 
(2) supports the goals and work of those 
who are addressing the developing Ebola or-phan crisis in West Africa; and (3) encourages the people of the United 
States to consider the needs of the children of West Africa who were orphaned by the 2014 Ebola epidemic. 
f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND 
PROPOSED 
SA 1194. Mr. RISCH (for himself and Mr. 
RUBIO) submitted an amendment intended to 
be proposed to amendment SA 1179 proposed by Mr. C
ORKER (for himself and Mr. C ARDIN ) 
to the amendment SA 1140 proposed by Mr. C
ORKER (for himself and Mr. C ARDIN ) to the 
bill H.R. 1191, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to ensure that emergency serv-ices volunteers are not taken into account as employees under the shared responsibility requirements contained in the Patient Pro-tection and Affordable Care Act; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1195. Ms. AYOTTE submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 1191, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS 
SA 1194. Mr. RISCH (for himself and 
Mr. R UBIO) submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1179 proposed by Mr. C
ORKER (for 
himself and Mr. C ARDIN ) to the amend-
ment SA 1140 proposed by Mr. C ORKER  
(for himself and Mr. C ARDIN ) to the bill 
H.R. 1191, to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to ensure that emer-gency services volunteers are not taken into account as employees under the shared responsibility requirements contained in the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 1, line 3, of the amendment, insert 
after ‘‘, and annexes’’ the following: ‘‘, and a certification that the Government of Iran has released to the United States— 
(i) Saeed Abedini of Idaho, who has been 
detained in Iran on charges related to his re-ligious beliefs since September 2012; 
(ii) Amir Hekmati of Michigan, who has 
been imprisoned in Iran on false espionage charges since August 2011; 
(iii) Jason Rezaian of California, who, as 
an Iranian government credentialed reporter for the Washington Post, has been unjustly held in Iran on vague charges since July 2014; and 
(iv) Robert Levinson of Florida, who was 
abducted on Kish Island in March 2007; 
SA 1195. Ms. AYOTTE submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 1191, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to ensure that emergency services volunteers are not taken into account as employees under the shared responsibility re-quirements contained in the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 28, strike line 1 and insert the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(h) S ENSE OF CONGRESS ON INTERCONTI -
NENTAL BALLISTIC MISSILE PROGRAM .— 
‘‘(1) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-
lowing findings: 
‘‘(A) The Islamic Republic of Iran con-
tinues to advance its intercontinental bal-listic missile (ICBM) program. 
‘‘(B) On February 2, 2015, the Islamic Re-
public of Iran successfully launched its Safir long-range missile system to send a satellite 
into orbit. 
‘‘(C) In 2013, the National Air and Space In-
telligence Center concluded that Iran could use space launch technology as a ‘test bed’ for ICBM technology development, stating, ‘Iran could develop and test an ICBM capable of reaching the United States by 2015. Since 2008, Iran has conducted multiple successful launches of the two-stage Safir space launch vehicle (SLV) and has also revealed the larg-er two-stage Simorgh SLV, which could serve as a test bed for developing ICBM tech-nologies.’. 
‘‘(D) On January 29, 2014, the Director of 
National Intelligence, James Clapper, testi-fied, ‘We judge that Iran would choose a bal-listic missile as its preferred method of de-livering nuclear weapons. . .’. 
‘‘(E) Iran continues to violate United Na-
tions Security Council resolution 1929 (2010) by developing ICBM capabilities that could deliver a nuclear weapon. 
‘‘(2) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—Congress— 
‘‘(A) remains concerned about the threat 
posed by Iran’s ballistic missile development program to the security of the United States and its allies; and 
‘‘(B) calls on the President to urge the 
Government of Iran to comply with United Nations Security Council resolution 1929 re-garding their intercontinental ballistic mis-sile program. 
‘‘(i) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO 
MEET 
COMMITTEE ON COMMERCE , SCIENCE , AND 
TRANSPORTATION  
Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on April 29, 2015, at 9:30 a.m., in room SR– 253 of the Russell Senate Office Build-ing to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Five Years After Deepwater Horizon: Im-provements and Challenges in Preven-tion and Response.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON ENVIRONMENT AND PUBLIC  
WORKS  
Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on April 29, 2015. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON FINANCE  
Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Finance be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on April 29, 2015, at 9:35 a.m., in room SD–215 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY AND  
GOVERNMENTAL AFFAIRS  
Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on April 29, 2015, at 9 a.m. to conduct a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:21 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29AP6.015 S29APPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2541 April 29, 2015 
hearing entitled ‘‘The Homeland Secu-
rity Department’s Budget Submission for Fiscal Year 2016.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON INDIAN AFFAIRS  
Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Indian Affairs be authorized to meet during the session of the Sen-ate on April 29, 2015, in room SD–628 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building, at 2:30 p.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON SMALL BUSINESS AND  
ENTREPRENEURSHIP  
Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Small Business and Entre-preneurship be authorized to meet dur-ing the session of the Senate on April 29, 2015 at 9:30 a.m., in room 428A of the Russell Senate Office Building, to con-duct a hearing entitled ‘‘King vs. Burwell Supreme Court Case and Con-gressional Action that can be taken to Protect Small Businesses and their Employees.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON VETERANS ’ AFFAIRS  
Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on April 29, 2015, at 2:30 p.m., in room SR–418 of the Russell Senate Of-fice Building, to conduct a hearing en-titled ‘‘GAO’s High Risk List and the Veterans Health Administration.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON HOUSING , TRANSPORTATION , 
AND COMMUNITY DEVELOPMENT  
Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs Subcommittee on Hous-ing, Transportation, and Community Development be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on April 29, 2015, at 9:30 a.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Exploring Opportuni-ties for Private Investment in Public Infrastructure.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON STRATEGIC FORCES  
Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Sub-committee on Strategic Forces of the Committee on Armed Services be au-thorized to meet during the session of the Senate on April 29, 2015, at 2:30 p.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
PRIVILEGES OF THE FLOOR 
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, on behalf 
of Senator L EAHY , I ask unanimous 
consent that Aaron Locke, an intern on his personal office staff, be granted Senate floor privileges for Thursday, April 30, 2015. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. ORDERS FOR THURSDAY, APRIL 
30, 2015 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 9:30 a.m., Thursday, April 30; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day; and that following leader remarks, the Senate resume consideration of H.R. 1191. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ORDER FOR ADJOURNMENT 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, if 
there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order, following the remarks of Senator B
ROWN . 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The Senator from Ohio. 
f 
FDA TOBACCO DEEMING 
REGULATIONS 
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, it has 
been more than a year since the Food and Drug Administration issued its proposed tobacco deeming regulations. These regulations would give the Agen-cy the same regulatory authority it currently has over traditional tobacco cigarettes to other unrelated tobacco products such as e-cigarettes and hook-ahs. 
These regulations are critical for 
public health, especially for children. Yet, they have languished within the administration for more than a year. A year is too long to wait because we know what has been happening. 
According to a report from the Cen-
ters for Disease Control—the FDA’s own Center for Tobacco Products—in the past year, e-cigarette use has tri-pled among teens. Absent any regula-tion, more and more of these poten-tially dangerous products have found a way into the hands of our children. 
After just a few years on the market, 
children’s use of e-cigarettes has now surpassed the use of traditional ciga-rettes. Think back to the first time we heard about e-cigarettes. I didn’t know what people were talking about. Now we see there are more children using e- cigarettes than traditional cigarettes. This is in large part because we have failed to regulate these addictive prod-ucts. 
Until these regulations are finalized, 
e-cigarette companies will be able to freely advertise their products to our children in Juneau and to our children in Cleveland. 
What many people fail to realize is 
that often e-cigarette companies and big tobacco companies are now one and the same. Marlboro-maker Altria Group, the Nation’s largest tobacco 
company, is making up for its loss in revenue as cigarette smoking has de-clined—and it is doing so among chil-dren too—making up its loss of revenue from combustible tobacco products by marketing its MarkTen electronic cig-arette. Lorillard has acquired Blu e- cigarettes. Reynolds American, the maker of Camel and Pall Mall ciga-rettes, has a new e-cigarette called VUSE. 
Much of Big Tobacco’s behavior is 
driven by one giant and irrefutable fact: Tobacco in the United States kills 400,000 people a year. Think about that—400,000 Americans die pre-maturely from tobacco use every year. What does that mean? That means to-bacco companies need to find 400,000 new customers a year. They are not going to market to people such as the Presiding Officer or me or the people staffing the Senate floor. They are going to people like the pages. They are going to people 16 and 17 years old to addict them to cigarettes. People my age rarely start smoking; people their age so often do. 
Big Tobacco has to find these new 
customers. It used to be that they preyed on children with highly paid, sophisticated tobacco executives who spend their days figuring out how to entice teens to start smoking with characters such as Joe Camel. We think of Camel No. 5, some of the things they did. Now that they are no longer allowed to advertise traditional tobacco products to kids—and par-enthetically, that is one of the great public health victories in this country, what this body did, what the House of Representatives did, what Presidents did to alert public health and to change young people’s behavior so young peo-ple did not start smoking in larger numbers. That was an effort by govern-ment and consumer groups and chil-dren’s groups. 
These tobacco companies now, 
though, are taking advantage of the new, unregulated world of e-cigarettes to advertise their products directly to children because they can. Joe Camel has been replaced by celebrities smok-ing e-cigarettes. These companies sponsor youth-oriented events and air ads on TV and radio aimed at teen-agers. They are using new advertising platforms on social media to get to kids where parents typically are not looking. 
The shameful e-cigarette marketing 
tactics employed by tobacco companies are encouraging this next new genera-tion to use tobacco, and, as the CDC’s study shows, their tactics are work-ing—triple the use, triple the number of young people smoking these e-ciga-rettes. 
Another recent study revealed that 
teens were able to purchase e-ciga-rettes online in 94 percent of the at-tempts they made. None of them were required to show proof of their age when the cigarettes were delivered. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:21 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29AP6.018 S29APPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2542 April 29, 2015 
A study published in the New Eng-
land Journal of Medicine that exam-ined the use of candy flavors in tobacco products found that—no surprise here— flavors drive increases in tobacco use among kids. E-cigarettes and their re-fill liquids come in thousands of dif-ferent flavors, such as Gummi Bears, Sweet Tarts, and Fruit Loops. Just look at this photo of Gummi Bear-fla-vored e-liquid. The bottle is about this big. 
As the president of the American 
Academy of Pediatrics, Dr. James Perrin, said, ‘‘Because liquid nicotine comes in a variety of bright colors and in flavors appealing to children such as cotton candy and gummy bear, it is no surprise that these products have found their way into the hands of children.’’ 
I don’t think they are making 
gummy bears to encourage people the age of the Presiding Officer, to get them to start smoking, or my age; they are getting young children to start smoking. Gummi Bears, Fruit Loops, and Sweet Tarts—those are candies young children receive at Halloween. They are also flavors of highly toxic products. 
The bottle in this photo contains two 
teaspoons of liquid nicotine. A single teaspoon of this e-liquid, even if it is highly diluted, can kill a small child if ingested. It is totally legal. People will see this sold at drugstores and at all kinds of places. Children are likely to 
pick it up if they see it around the house. There is a chance—there always is in a country of 300 million people— that some child will—attracted by this, looking at this, the cute little bottle— will drink it, and that child could die. 
It is past time for the FDA to regu-
late these dangerous products before more children and more teenagers get hooked on e-cigarettes. 
My colleagues and I, led by Senator 
M
ERKLEY , Senator B LUMENTHAL , Sen-
ator D URBIN , and others, have called on 
the FDA over and over again to finalize these proposed rules and reject efforts to weaken these proposed regulations. Every day the FDA waits is thousands more children getting addicted to nico-tine, thousands more children getting exposed potentially to drinking this very toxic liquid, and thousands more children smoking these e-cigarettes. 
Tobacco companies are pushing to 
allow more products to be grand-fathered out of the new rules. They want to exempt a huge range of e-ciga-rettes from any review to determine whether they are a threat to public health. That would mean these prod-ucts would never be subject to review by the FDA. How stupid of a nation can we be? We have been so successful in the last 40 years as public health offi-cials, as Members of Congress, as re-sponsible adults, as consumer groups and advocates for children. We have 
been so successful in reducing the inci-dence of smoking, especially among young people. It has changed the whole next generation. Yet, now we are let-ting this happen. 
E-cigarettes are still tobacco prod-
ucts. They are used by the tobacco in-dustry—I haven’t talked about this yet—as a gateway cigarette for kids, and that doesn’t stop. They see this, and they start smoking these e-ciga-rettes. Then a year or 2 years, 5 years, 10 years down the road, they will be smoking traditional tobacco and they will be addicted, and we know what ad-diction to cigarettes is for so many of our fellow Americans. 
My colleagues and I urge the Food 
and Drug Administration to strengthen and finalize these regulations before any more of our children get hooked on potentially dangerous and addictive to-bacco products. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 9:30 A.M. 
TOMORROW 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate stands adjourned until 9:30 a.m. on Thursday, April 30, 2015. 
Thereupon, the Senate, at 6:23 p.m., 
adjourned until Thursday, April 30, 2015, at 9:30 a.m. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:21 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29AP6.049 S29APPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E607 April 29, 2015 
CONGRATULATING ARTHREX, INC. 
ON BEING NAMED A FORTUNE TOP 100 COMPANY TO WORK FOR 
HON. MARIO DIAZ-BALART 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, April 29, 2015 
Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to congratulate Arthrex, Inc. on being named a Fortune Top 100 company to work for, and to commend its exemplary service to the Naples community. 
Arthrex is a global medical device company 
in Naples, FL. Their mission is to help sur-geons treat their patients as best as possible, and they have more than surpassed that goal. The company is a leader in new product de-velopment and medical education in ortho-pedics. More than that, Arthrex is a pioneer in the field of arthroscopy and has developed more than 8,500 innovative products and sur-gical procedures to advance minimally invasive orthopedics worldwide. 
Fortune uses an expert firm that has devel-
oped a methodology to evaluate workplace cultures, and a 58-question employee survey to measure trust. Two-thirds of a company’s score is based on the employee survey, while one-third is based on a culture audit. Hun-dreds of companies apply to be on the list, making Arthrex’s accomplishment that much more special. However, by looking at their company, it is clear to see why they made the list. 
Under the leadership of Mr. Reinhold 
Schmieding, Arthrex continues to grow and thrive in the community. Having visited their facility in Naples, I saw firsthand the important work they are doing and the impact the com-pany has in the area. Not only does Arthrex provide countless jobs, it also fosters a culture of personal and professional growth, with ex-cellent benefits and services. These services include tuition reimbursement, internships, ap-prenticeships, and a comprehensive benefits package. 
Mr. Speaker, I am honored to congratulate 
Arthrex, Inc. on their accomplishment, and I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing their outstanding achievement. 
f 
ANGELEE DAVIS 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, April 29, 2015 
Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and applaud Angelee Davis on her honorable mention in the C–SPAN StudentCam competition. 
This nationwide competition is an oppor-
tunity to encourage students to learn more about the three branches of government by telling a story or demonstrating a policy or law that affected them or their community. Angelee and her project, ‘Should Space Ex-
ploration and Travel be Publicly Funded?’, was picked out of 2,280 entries nationwide and 5,000 participants. 
Congratulations to Angelee on this tremen-
dous accomplishment and well-deserved prize. Thank you for your interest and participation in our community, and I wish you all the best in your future endeavors. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. SAM GRAVES 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, April 29, 2015 
Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, last 
week, on April 21–23, I missed Roll Call votes. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘YEA’’ on #162, 163, 164, 167, 170, 171, and 173. I would have voted ‘‘NAY’’ on #165, 166, 168, 169, and 172.  
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. ADAM SMITH 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, April 29, 2015 
Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Speaker, on 
Tuesday, April 21; Wednesday, April 22; and Thursday, April 23, 2015, I was out on medical leave while recovering from surgery and un-able to be present for recorded votes. Had I been present, I would have voted: 
‘‘Yes’’ on roll call vote No. 162 (on the mo-
tion to suspend the rules and agree to H. Con. Res. 25), 
‘‘No’’ on roll call vote No. 163 (on ordering 
the previous question on H. Res. 212), 
‘‘No’’ on roll call vote No. 164 (on agreeing 
to the resolution H. Res. 212), 
‘‘Yes’’ on roll call vote No. 165 (on agreeing 
to the Kuster Amendment to H.R. 1195), 
‘‘Yes’’ on roll call vote No. 166 (on the mo-
tion to recommit H.R. 1195, with instructions), 
‘‘No’’ on roll call vote No. 167 (on passage 
of H.R. 1195), 
‘‘Yes’’ on roll call vote No. 168 (on agreeing 
to the Mulvaney Amendment to H.R. 1560), 
‘‘Yes’’ on roll call vote No. 169 (on the mo-
tion to recommit H.R. 1560, with instructions), 
‘‘Yes’’ on roll call vote No. 170 (on passage 
of H.R. 1560), 
‘‘Yes’’ on roll call vote No. 171 (on agreeing 
to the Jackson Lee Amendment to H.R. 1731), 
‘‘Yes’’ on roll call vote No. 172 (on the mo-
tion to recommit H.R. 1731, with instructions), and 
‘‘Yes’’ on roll call vote No. 173 (on passage 
of H.R. 1731).  KASANDRA PETERS 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, April 29, 2015 
Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and applaud Kasandra Peters for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Kasandra Peters is a 10th grader at Pomona High School and received this award because her determination and hard work have allowed her to overcome adversities. 
The dedication demonstrated by Kasandra 
Peters is exemplary of the type of achieve-ment that can be attained with hard work and perseverance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their edu-cation and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. 
I extend my deepest congratulations to 
Kasandra Peters for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt she will exhibit the same dedication and character in all of her fu-ture accomplishments. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF WILLIAM A. 
NACK 
HON. JACKIE SPEIER 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, April 29, 2015 
Ms. SPEIER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor 
William A. Nack for a life and career dedicated to hard work, justice and integrity. Bill Nack re-cently retired as the head of the Building and Construction Trades Council of San Mateo County, AFL-CIO after a long and successful career in union construction. 
Bill left his mark all over the San Francisco 
Peninsula. Even people who don’t know him see the results of his work every day. Some of the most prominent buildings in the county were developed during his tenure, including SFO, Mills Peninsula Hospital, Sequoia Hos-pital, Palo Alto Medical Center, Bay Meadows, San Mateo Public Library, San Mateo Union High School District, San Mateo Community College District, Millbrae BART Transit Village, Crossings in San Bruno, Redwood City Rede-velopment, Brisbane Baylands Development, Genentech, Gilead and Facebook. 
Even this breathtaking list is not complete. 
Bill negotiated a total of 45 Project Labor Agreements and Letters of Commitment rep-resenting more than $16 billion of construction projects. For the last 16 years, he worked with developers, environmentalists, contractors and neighborhood groups advocating for environ-mentally responsible projects, good union wages and safe working conditions. 
Bill was born in St. Louis, raised in San 
Francisco, and has lived on the Peninsula for the last 50 years. In 1966, he was hired by 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:38 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K29AP8.001 E29APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E608 April 29, 2015 
United Airlines as an Aircraft Jet Engine Me-
chanic in Journeyman status. The following year he started his service in the U.S. Naval Reserve which he continued for six years, ably serving his country. While working for United, he earned an Associate Degree in Aeronautics and began his remarkable union career with Machinist Local Lodge 1781. He was the Union Shop Steward for 15 years fighting for the rights of his coworkers. He was elected to the Local’s Executive Board, IAM Legislative 
Committee, and the Building Corporation. Bill was one of the people who founded a highly effective coalition between the machinists, flight attendants and pilots. 
In 1987, Bill became the Assistant Business 
Manager for the Santa Clara and San Benito counties Central Labor Council. He developed and implemented a public policy program for 100 affiliated unions. 
In 1989, he became Deputy Executive Offi-
cer for the Santa Clara and San Benito Build-ing and Construction Trades Council where he was responsible for public policy, corporate re-search, and the monitoring of construction contractors and projects. Within a year, he was tapped for the top position at the Building and Construction Trades Council of San Mateo County and became Business Man-ager/Executive Officer. He was ideally quali-fied to advocate for environmentally and so-cially responsible projects utilizing top-quality labor, materials and construction methods. He led a vibrant council of 26 unions and 14,000 justifiably proud, middle-class workers. 
In addition to his impressive achievements 
at the council, Bill is a man of enormous com-passion and empathy, a fact demonstrated by his extensive community engagement. He serves on a long list of boards, including the Boy Scouts of America, United Way, Rebuild-ing Together, the Bay Area Air Quality Man-agement District Advisory Council, the Metro-politan Transportation Commission Advisory Council, and the San Mateo County Housing Leadership Council. Bill is passionate about housing people, recognizing that the dignity of a person is nurtured by housing. It is some-times said of a generous person that he would give someone the shirt off his back. Bill Nack has likely done that many times, and in addi-tion he’s directly and indirectly helped to place a roof over the heads of tens of thousands of people. 
Bill was also appointed by the Governor to 
the Bay Conservation and Development Com-mission and to the Board of Directors of the Cow Palace. 
As you may surmise from the diversity of 
issues that Bill is engaged in, he cares deeply about helping others and improving the quality of life for everyone. I can say without hesi-tation that his heart is in the right place and he gives of himself generously and freely. He is a devoted husband to Rayna Lehman, an-other great labor leader in San Mateo County. They raised two wonderful sons, Patrick and Benjamin, their most important life achieve-ments. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask the House of Represent-
atives to rise with me to honor my friend and colleague of over 30 years William A. Nack on the occasion of his retirement as the leader of the Building and Construction Trades Council of San Mateo County. He leaves behind an impressive legacy of construction projects, compassion, and a ready smile that welcomes every honest man or woman to work with him in pursuit of a better America.  FBISD SECONDARY TEACHER OF 
THE YEAR 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, April 29, 2015 
Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
congratulate Stacy Vinson of Baines Middle School on being named Fort Bend Inde-pendent School District’s 2015 Secondary Teacher of the Year. 
Ms. Vinson has been a teacher for the past 
eight years. She is committed to helping her students find their passion and believes a keen interest in a subject leads to success in the classroom. Beyond the classroom, she takes interest in her students’ lives and teach-es them that no matter their circumstances, they have the power to create a fruitful future for themselves. I wish Ms. Vinson the best of luck in her teaching career and am thankful for teachers like her that truly have a passion for her students and profession. Great teachers help develop future leaders. 
On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-
sional District of Texas, I congratulate Stacy Vinson for her commitment to teaching and for earning the Fort Bend ISD 2015 Secondary Teacher of the Year.  
f 
PAUL PROUTY 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, April 29, 2015 
Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and applaud Paul Prouty for his accomplishments and distinguished ca-reer with the General Services Administration (GSA). 
Paul began his 42-year career with the GSA 
in 1971 as a real estate intern and has since risen through the organization to become one of the most respected leaders. Paul’s accom-plishments include providing key strategic di-rection regarding design, construction, man-agement and maintenance of federal and leased properties, including 18 million square feet of office, laboratory and warehouse space. 
A key property in his portfolio is the Denver 
Federal Center located in Lakewood, Colo-rado—one of the largest concentrations of fed-eral real estate property outside Washington D.C. Paul’s vision for a more inclusive federal community led to major changes at the Den-ver Federal Center. Through Paul’s leader-ship, the Denver Federal Center evolved into one of the most exciting campuses in the Den-ver metro area. The campus hosts the new St. Anthony’s hospital, intermodal transportation hub and a focus on the campus becoming a sustainable federal and community center. 
I extend my deepest congratulations on your 
retirement from federal service. Thank you for your dedication to our community. IN HONOR OF RONALD HERBERT 
PORTER 
HON. NORMA J. TORRES 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, April 29, 2015 
Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor Ronald H. Porter of Pomona, California, who passed away peacefully on April 18, 2015, at the age of 82. 
Ron served in the United States Army from 
1955 to 1957. He graduated from Claremont Men’s College with a Bachelor of Arts degree in Business Administration, and was a suc-cessful businessman with real estate offices in Upland, Rancho Cucamonga, Ontario, and Po-mona. 
An active member of St. Joseph’s Church in 
Pomona, he served as the President of the Legion of Mary. As a devout Catholic, Ron could always be depended upon to help those in need and assist the Church in its efforts to serve the community. 
A former lifeguard, long distance cyclist, and 
golfer, Ron would regularly visit nursing homes to take residents out for lunch in Po-mona. He could often be spotted at the deli spending time with those in need of compan-ionship and a friend. 
Ron had a great sense of humor, and was 
always positive. He will be deeply missed by his beloved wife Barbara, daughter Marie Royce and son-in-law Edward, son David Por-ter and daughter-in-law Samantha, daughter Sheila Taylor and son-in-law Daniel, and son Sean Porter. He will also be deeply missed by his grandchildren, Laurel, Charlie, and Sean.  
f 
HONORING MAKENNA SCHWAB 
HON. DAVID G. REICHERT 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, April 29, 2015 
Mr. REICHERT. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to 
honor a young girl, only 12 years old, who went above and beyond the call of duty for public service. Makenna Schwab, from East Wenatchee, Washington, set out to make a difference in her community by collecting toys and donations for kids at Seattle Children’s Hospital. Last October, with the help of her friends at Wenatchee Pediatric Dentistry, she collected enough donations for 33 Radio Flyer wagons, 36 portable DVD players, and more than 1,300 toys and other goods for young boys and girls courageously battling disease at Seattle Children’s. 
Even more remarkable, Makenna was born 
with Larsen syndrome, a rare connective tis-sue disorder, and is a frequent patient herself at Seattle Children’s Hospital. It was this expe-rience that inspired her to want to give back to other kids going through similar experi-ences, and she did not let her disease stand in her way. This is Makenna’s third Make a Difference Day campaign, and she is proving that one 12 year-old girl can make a lasting impact on the lives of her friends, family, and community members. On May 6th, Makenna will be recognized in Washington, D.C., as a National Make a Difference Day award recipi-ent. She will receive a $10,000 grant to further enable her passion for public service and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:38 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A29AP8.003 E29APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E609 April 29, 2015 
charitable work. Makenna’s selfless actions 
and commitment to public service is an inspi-ration to all of us, and for that we honor her.  
f 
ETHAN CRANSTON 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, April 29, 2015 
Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and applaud Ethan Cran-ston for earning third place in the C–SPAN StudentCam competition. 
This nationwide competition is an oppor-
tunity to encourage students to learn more about the three branches of government by telling a story or demonstrating a policy or law that affected them or their community. Ethan and his project, ‘Marijuana in Colorado—The Road to Ruin or Reward’, was picked out of 2,280 entries nationwide and 5,000 partici-pants. 
Congratulations to Ethan on this tremen-
dous accomplishment and well-deserved prize. Thank you for your interest and participation in our community, and I wish you all the best in your future endeavors. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF ERWIN 
GAINES 
HON. TED LIEU 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, April 29, 2015 
Mr. TED LIEU of California. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise to celebrate the life of Erwin Gaines—fa-ther, husband, grandfather, businessman and inventor—who passed away on April 12, 2015, at the age of 79. 
Born in Chicago, Illinois, Erwin was a grad-
uate of Von Steuben High School where he 
was a star soccer player. He went on to serve in the United States Army in Europe and after receiving an Honorable Discharge, he moved to Los Angeles, California. He was a busi-nessman and inventor who received numerous patents for medical supply products. During his business career he worked internationally in Mexico, China and throughout Europe. Erwin volunteered in the community serving as a coach and as President of the Victory Na-tional Little League. 
Erwin was an avid fisherman and a Los An-
geles Rod & Reel Club Knot Tying Champion. He was a devoted fan of the Los Angeles Dodgers and longtime season ticket holder. He is survived by his wife of 58 years, Arlene, his sons, Calabasas City Councilmember Fred Gaines and Jeffrey Gaines, his daughters-in- law, Las Virgenes Unified School District Board Member Jill Gaines and Vivian Gaines, and his five granddaughters. 
I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring 
the life of Erwin Gaines. 
f 
OUTSTANDING LEADER 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, April 29, 2015 
Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
congratulate Julie Diaz for being named the new principal of Travis High School in Rich-
mond, TX by the Fort Bend Independent School District (FBISD). 
After completing her education at the Uni-
versity of Houston and the University of Iowa, Principal Diaz began her 30 year career as an elementary school teacher. She has worked with FBISD for the past 23 years. Her exem-plary efforts have led to her two nominations as a campus Teacher of the Year, and also as a District Elementary Teacher of the year final-ist. Our community is lucky to have out-standing educators like Principal Diaz. 
On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-
sional District of Texas, congratulations again to Julie Diaz on being named the new prin-cipal of Travis High School. We know that you will continue to be an outstanding leader, and we wish you the best of luck at Travis High School. 
f 
ALEXA V ANSCHAARDENBURG 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, April 29, 2015 
Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and applaud Alexa VanSchaardenburg for earning third place in the C–SPAN StudentCam competition. 
This nationwide competition is an oppor-
tunity to encourage students to learn more about the three branches of government by telling a story or demonstrating a policy or law that affected them or their community. Alexa and her project, ‘Marijuana in Colorado—The Road to Ruin or Reward’, was picked out of 2,280 entries nationwide and 5,000 partici-pants. 
Congratulations to Alexa on this tremendous 
accomplishment and well-deserved prize. Thank you for your interest and participation in our community, and I wish you all the best in your future endeavors. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. EARL BLUMENAUER 
OF OREGON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, April 29, 2015 
Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, I was ab-
sent for the vote on H.R. 373 but had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ The Good Samaritan Search and Recovery Act would allow volunteer search groups faster access to public lands to conduct searches for missing persons. This legislation will help first respond-ers as well as victims and families in difficult situations and I support its enactment. 
I was absent for the vote on H.R. 1324 but 
had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ The Arapaho National Forest Boundary Ad-justment Act of 2015 will adjust the boundary of the Arapaho National Forest in Colorado to incorporate additional land. HONORING EL DI ´A DE LOS NIN ˜OS 
HON. BILL FOSTER 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, April 29, 2015 
Mr. FOSTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize the Aurora Hispanic Heritage Advi-sory Board’s el Dı ´a de los Nin ˜os festival. 
Since 1925, Dı ´a del nin ˜o, or the Day of the 
Child, has been celebrated throughout Latin America. In 2001, the City of Aurora’s His-panic Heritage Advisory Board started the an-nual tradition of celebrating el Dı ´a de los 
Nin˜os, a festival recognizing children and their 
importance in society. 
The Aurora Hispanic Heritage Advisory 
Board, along with local school districts, uses the festival to promote learning among chil-dren through literacy programs, educational activities, and live entertainment. El Dı ´a de los 
Nin˜os is a celebration of our community’s di-
verse heritage, as well as a celebration of the bright future that lies ahead for these children. 
I would like to thank the Aurora Hispanic 
Heritage Advisory Board for their commitment to promoting literacy for children and diversity in our community through el Dı ´a de los Nin ˜os. 
f 
JAKE FETTIG 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, April 29, 2015 
Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and applaud Jake Fettig on his honorable mention in the C–SPAN StudentCam competition. 
This nationwide competition is an oppor-
tunity to encourage students to learn more about the three branches of government by telling a story or demonstrating a policy or law that affected them or their community. Jake and his project, ‘Should Space Exploration and Travel be Publicly Funded?’, was picked out of 2,280 entries nationwide and 5,000 par-ticipants. 
Congratulations to Jake on this tremendous 
accomplishment and well-deserved prize. Thank you for your interest and participation in our community, and I wish you all the best in your future endeavors. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE 90TH AN-
NIVERSARY OF SAN MATEO PARK ELEMENTARY SCHOOL 
HON. JACKIE SPEIER 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, April 29, 2015 
Ms. SPEIER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor 
the 90th anniversary of San Mateo Park Ele-mentary School, the oldest continuing elemen-tary school in the San Mateo-Foster City School District. 
Park School has educated over 20,000 stu-
dents and serves a diverse student body. The school community can only be characterized as open, enriching and striving for excellence. The comprehensive curriculum aims at sup-porting each student to reach his or her fullest potential. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:38 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A29AP8.006 E29APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E610 April 29, 2015 
All students, those with exceptional abilities 
to those with exceptional needs, are prepared to become responsible, ethical citizens and leaders of the future. They are taught to de-velop critical and creative thinking, problem solving and good communication in a safe en-vironment that encourages risk taking and self-reliance. 
To create such an environment, Park 
School relies on very talented and dedicated teachers and staff. Teachers are fully credentialed and many of them bring more than 10 years of experience to the classroom. Some of them hold advanced degrees in music, special education, administration or counseling. They speak multiple languages and have interests ranging from scuba diving to gardening. Staff members are trained in CELDT, Early Literacy Training, NOYCE train-ing, Math Lesson Study and Art. Put suc-cinctly, the staff is as diverse and interesting as the student body, a perfect dynamic to build an environment that fosters a love of life-long learning and a deep sense of community. 
Park School has led the school district in ini-
tiatives that support literary skills for below- level readers through its Panther Reading pro-gram. The program was created by teachers and parents in 2013. It was so successful that the district quickly embraced it and rolled it out to other schools. 
Park School had modest beginnings. It start-
ed out as a firehouse on the corner of Clark Drive and Crescent Avenue that was remod-eled into a two-room school in 1925. The small school soon couldn’t meet demands and a new school with five classrooms and an au-ditorium was built and opened for 150 stu-dents in April 1929. Within a year, a cafeteria was added, a playground installed, a library organized and more land was purchased for additional expansion. In 1966, plans were made for a new school to be built on Clark and Crescent, the location where Park School remains to this day. The new school had a pod arrangement with the library in the center and rooms for individual, group and total class instruction around it. It opened in 1969. Every-one at Park School will tell you that change is constant. Over the years, a computer lab, a speech therapy room and a school child care were added. A large group instruction building opened in 1999 offering students a place for performing arts, physical education and lead-ership skills. The physical landscape of Park School continues to change and adapt, always keeping a focus on providing the most excel-lent education opportunities for the students. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask that the House of Rep-
resentatives rise with me to recognize the great and lasting contributions that a small el-ementary school in San Mateo, California has made to the community. Park School has given thousands of children the foundation for successful careers and lives as responsible and productive citizens. Park School is a shin-ing example of what a school can be. 
f 
IMPRESSIVE LIST OF VICTORIES 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, April 29, 2015 
Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
congratulate the outstanding members of the CRyptonite Robotics Team 624 of Cinco 
Ranch High School on their victory at the highly-competitive Utah Regional Robotics Tournament. 
The students worked together with faculty 
and other local mentors to design and con-struct a robot prototype. The machine was then tailored to accomplish specific tasks in a game during the competition. CRyptonite’s robot performed flawlessly, and also won the Dallas Regional’s Imagery Award, which hon-ors outstanding visual aesthetic integration of the robot’s overall engineering and the team’s appearance. This exceptional team is adding yet another banner to an already impressive list of victories. 
On behalf of the residents of the Twenty- 
Second Congressional District of Texas, con-gratulations again to the CRyptonite Robotics Team 624 of Cinco Ranch High School on their victory at the Utah Regional Robotics Tournament. We know that you will continue to amaze us at the world championship, and we wish you the best of luck in the future. 
f 
OLIVIA BOHL 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, April 29, 2015 
Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and applaud Olivia Bohl on her honorable mention in the C–SPAN StudentCam competition. 
This nationwide competition is an oppor-
tunity to encourage students to learn more about the three branches of government by telling a story or demonstrating a policy or law that affected them or their community. Olivia and her project, ‘Should Space Exploration and Travel be Publicly Funded?’, was picked out of 2,280 entries nationwide and 5,000 par-ticipants. 
Congratulations to Olivia on this tremendous 
accomplishment and well-deserved prize. Thank you for your interest and participation in our community, and I wish you all the best in your future endeavors. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF JACOB 
MILLER’S TRUMAN SCHOLARSHIP 
HON. WILLIAM R. KEATING 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, April 29, 2015 
Mr. KEATING. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize and offer my personal congratula-tions to Jacob Miller, the first UMass Dart-mouth student to be named as a Truman Scholar. 
Founded by Congress in 1975, the Harry S. 
Truman Scholarship Foundation provides scholarships to college juniors who dem-onstrate outstanding potential and who plan to pursue a career in public service. 
A Fairhaven resident and a dual political 
science and English major, he will receive $30,000 towards graduate school and the op-portunity to prepare for a career in public serv-ice. 
It comes as no surprise that Jacob has 
earned this distinction considering he has cho-sen to spend his time giving back—from help-
ing create a cultural district in downtown New Bedford to effectively advocating for lower health care costs for students. 
Known for his civic engagement and service 
at UMass Dartmouth, he has worked on small business creation, workforce development pro-grams, and registering hundreds to vote. He also serves as a student representative to the UMass Board of Trustees. 
As someone who got his start in the Massa-
chusetts State House at a young age, Jacob embodies what our country needs in its future leaders. 
On behalf of Massachusetts’ 9th Congres-
sional District, I congratulate Jacob Miller. I look forward to seeing all that he accom-plishes and I wish him all the very best in his future endeavors. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. YVETTE D. CLARKE 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, April 29, 2015 
Ms. CLARKE of New York. Mr. Speaker, on 
April 28, 2015, I was unavoidably detained in my district and missed recorded votes #174– 175. Had I been present, on Roll Call #174, H.R. 373—Good Samaritan Search and Re-covery Act, I would have voted YEA, and on Roll Call #175, H.R. 1324—Arapaho National Forest Boundary Adjustment Act of 2015, I would have voted YEA.  
f 
RECOGNIZING AMBASSADOR 
WILLIAM GREEN MILLER 
HON. MICHAEL G. FITZPATRICK 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, April 29, 2015 
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to honor a loyal patriot and statesman, Am-bassador William Green Miller, for his longtime work and commitment to building a strong and resilient US-Ukraine relationship. This week, Ambassador Miller will be receiving the Alex-ander B. Chernyk Medal for outstanding lead-ership and deep commitment to US-Ukraine affairs, presented by my constituents in the Greater Philadelphia Area. As the Co-Chair of the Congressional Ukrainian Caucus, I would like to thank Ambassador Miller for his many years of service and dedication to this cause. 
With an education from Williams College, 
Oxford and Harvard, Ambassador Miller en-tered the Foreign Service in 1959, serving five years in Iran before transitioning back to Washington as a line officer and in the office of Secretary of State Dean Rusk. In the years to follow, he served as a foreign policy and defense adviser to Senator John Sherman Cooper, and held the position of Associate Dean and Professor of International Politics of the Fletcher School of Law and Diplomacy at Tufts University. In 1986, Ambassador Miller returned to Washington as President of the American Committee on United States-Soviet Relations, where his position admitted him to travel frequently throughout the Soviet Union, obtaining direct knowledge of the monumental changes taking place in the region. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:38 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A29AP8.011 E29APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E611 April 29, 2015 
Between 1993 and 1998, Mr. Miller served 
as United States Ambassador to Ukraine under President Bill Clinton. As Ambassador, he was a supporter and witness to some of the most fundamental transformations of the Ukrainian State, including the ratification of Ukraine’s Constitution. To this day, Ambas-sador Miller still promotes peace and stability in Ukraine through his work as a Senior Public Policy Scholar at the Woodrow Wilson Inter-national Center for Scholars. 
On behalf of my colleagues on the Caucus, 
I want to thank Ambassador William Green Miller for his lifetime of international diplomatic accomplishments, and his help in forging the steadfast US-Ukraine relationship that has lasted and will continue to last for decades to come.  
f 
DENVER REGIONAL 
TRANSPORTATION DISTRICT 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, April 29, 2015 
Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and applaud Denver’s Re-gional Transportation District (RTD) and the many cities around the country that partici-pated in Stand Up 4 Transportation Day this past April 9th. 
In Denver, nearly 400 people came out to 
support the many forms of public transpor-tation around Colorado, ranging from buses, shuttles, vans, bicycles, cabs, car services, pedicabs, light rail and rail. More than 350 or-ganizations in U.S. cities and towns partici-pated in the event. Stand Up 4 Transportation Day succeeded in raising awareness about the importance of public transportation and a long-term, sustainable transportation author-ization bill. 
Stand up 4 Transportation Day was a brain-
child of former General Manager and CEO of RTD, Phil Washington. During his time with RTD, he always pushed for surface transpor-tation reauthorization for the future. In Phil’s own words, ‘‘It’s time to do some nation build-ing. But the funding is key to more access to transit, new buses and trains, more reliable service, less gridlock. We can’t meet the de-mands of our growing population and econ-omy without a long-term commitment from Washington.’’ 
I applaud Phil and Denver’s RTD for their 
efforts in the Denver metro area. Our commu-nities are more connected and our quality of life is better for it. 
f 
THE EARTHQUAKE OF APRIL 25, 
2015, THAT DEVASTATED NEPAL 
HON. RICK LARSEN 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, April 29, 2015 
Mr. LARSEN of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today to express my heartfelt condolences and full support for assistance to the people of Nepal and all of those affected by the dev-astating earthquake of April 25, 2015, and its aftermath. The massive magnitude-7.8 earth-quake, which struck about 77 kilometers north-west of Nepal’s capital city, Kathmandu, was 
the most powerful to hit Nepal in more than 80 years. Almost 5,000 deaths have been ac-counted for and, as I read this line, it is pos-sible that this number has gone up. 
The United Nations estimates that the trag-
edy has affected more than 8 million people and left more than 1.4 million people in need of food assistance. This earthquake has also destroyed many historical and architectural structures important to the culture of Nepal. 
So I ask my fellow members to join me in 
mourning with the people of Nepal and all communities in other countries affected by the tragic loss of life. I also want to commend the efforts of first responders, relief agencies, pri-vate citizens, Nepal’s neighboring countries, and the international community. 
I want to thank our administration for its 
quick response to help our friends in Nepal. I urge Congress and our administration to con-tinue our efforts in helping Nepal during this tragic time. 
f 
HONORING JUSTICE LIVELY 
HON. SUZAN K. DelBENE 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, April 29, 2015 
Ms. D ELBENE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor Justice Lively, who on March 25, 2015, received the Washington Boys & Girls Club Youth of the Year Award. Justice was honored for his achievements in overcoming a tumul-tuous childhood and serving as a leader in his community. 
The Youth of the Year Award has been the 
highest award attainable by the national Boys & Girls Club since 1947. Justice previously re-ceived the Skagit County Boys & Girls Club Youth of the Year Award. 
Justice’s upbringing was filled with far great-
er challenges than any child should face. As a young boy, with his father deployed in the U.S. Army and his mother frequently absent, Justice was cared for by his oldest brother. When his father returned, Justice was brought into a new home with an abusive stepmother. Just as his mother began to get her life back together, she was killed in a car accident when Justice was only seven years old. 
When he was 10, Justice’s life finally took a 
turn for the better. He was adopted by his aunt and uncle and was brought to Mt. Vernon, where he later joined the local Boys & Girls Club. Today, Justice is a leader at the club, focused on helping children. He fre-quently reads books to the club’s younger chil-dren as part of a class on early childhood de-velopment. 
As he prepares to graduate from high 
school, Justice intends to attend the Cascade Job Corps, Skagit Valley College and Western Washington University in pursuit of his goal of becoming a pediatric nurse at Seattle Chil-dren’s hospital. 
I want to congratulate Justice Lively on this 
achievement, as well as his work with the Skagit County Boys & Girls Club. I wish him the best as he pursues his dream of helping children. HONORING EATONVILLE, WASH-
INGTON TOWN MARSHAL DOLAR L
APLANT 
HON. DAVID G. REICHERT 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, April 29, 2015 
Mr. REICHERT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor Eatonville, Washington Town Marshal Dolar LaPlant who was killed in 1925 and his daughter and great-granddaughter who fought to see him recognized for his heroic sacrifice. In 1925, Mr. LaPlant was 53 years old and a Spanish-American War veteran. While on duty as Town Marshal, just four days after stepping into that position, he confronted a drunken gunman who was firing shots and narrowly missing small children at a playground. Mr. LaPlant did not stop to think about his own life or the fact that he was unarmed. He simply did everything in his power to ensure that his town was kept safe. The gunman shot Mr. LaPlant just below his right ear before he was knocked unconscious. Mr. LaPlant achieved his mission but would later die from the wound he received. 
For many years, his heroic actions went 
unremembered except by his family, particu-larly his daughter Rosa and his great-grand-daughter Ronda. In 1999, Ronda succeeded in having Dolar LaPlant added to the National Law Enforcement Memorial Wall and now her great-grandfather and his legacy will be hon-ored posthumously with the Washington Medal of Honor on May 9th. I applaud Ronda’s hard work and join with her in honoring the memory of Town Marshal Dolar LaPlant whose service ensured the safety of the residents of Eatonville, Washington.  
f 
POLICE OFFICER OF THE YEAR 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, April 29, 2015 
Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
congratulate Officer Osiel De La Cruz for being recognized as the Pearland Officer of the Year by both the Texas Louisiana Gulf District and the Exchange Club of Pearland. 
Officer De La Cruz was a natural choice for 
this award thanks to his hard work in the com-munity, service to the public and heroic ac-tions. Officer De La Cruz is a veteran of the department and a nightshift patrol officer. His commitment to our community is evident through his work both on and off duty. Officer De La Cruz made over 53 DWI and drug-re-lated arrests this year, found a shooting victim and apprehended five offenders, and even managed to apprehend a robbery suspect while he was off-duty. His list of accomplish-ments speaks for itself. We can all sleep bet-ter at night knowing that police officers like Of-ficer De La Cruz are on patrol. 
On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-
sional District of Texas, congratulations again to Officer Osiel De La Cruz on being honored as the Pearland Officer of the Year. Thank you for your dedication to keeping our commu-nities safe.  
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:38 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29AP8.014 E29APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E612 April 29, 2015 
HONORING THE LUMMI NATION 
SCHOOL BOYS’ BASKETBALL TEAM 
HON. SUZAN K. DelBENE 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, April 29, 2015 
Ms. D ELBENE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor the 2014–2015 Lummi Nation School boys’ basketball team. This year, Lummi put together a perfect 27–0 season, beating rival Neah Bay 54–33 in the Class 1B state cham-pionship game. I congratulate them on this ex-emplary achievement. 
The title game was the first time two Native 
American teams faced off for a state cham-pionship in Washington, and the Blackhawks’ victory was the first time a Native team has won the boys’ 1B championship. 
Along with the team’s historic victory, four 
Lummi players also earned individual honors. Sophomore forward Trazil Lane was selected as the Associated Press (AP) Class 1B State Player of the Year after averaging 18.2 points per game. He was also selected as the North-west League’s (NWL’s) Most Valuable Player. 
Senior guard Austin Brockie averaged 14.2 
points per game and was an AP all-state hon-orable mention and a first-team all-NWL selec-tion. Senior Dino Williams was a first-team all- NWL selection, and senior Kavarez Lane was a second-team all-NWL selection. Lane was also chosen to play in the Washington Inter-scholastic Basketball Coaches Association’s (WIBCA’s) all-state game. Finally, Coach Je-rome Toby was selected as the WIBCA Coach of the Year. 
The Blackhawks displayed a great deal of 
character and determination this season. Their success resulted from their hard work and ability to play unselfishly for their teammates. 
Again, I congratulate the Lummi boys’ bas-
ketball team on all of their success. Their ac-complishments on the court this season are hard-earned and well-deserved. 
f 
IN MEMORY OF JOHN PIERCE 
CALHOUN 
HON. JOE WILSON 
OF SOUTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, April 29, 2015 
Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speak-
er, the following obituary was published April 5, 2015, in The Charlotte Observer. 
JOHN PIERCE CALHOUN  
CHARLOTTE .—John Pierce Calhoun (Jack) 
of Charlotte, North Carolina, died peacefully surrounded by his children on Wednesday, April 1, 2015. He was born in Ninety-Six, South Carolina, on November 18, 1926, the son of Alleyne Griffin Calhoun and John Na-thaniel Calhoun. Mr. Calhoun spent his childhood years in Greenwood and Batesburg, South Carolina, before moving to Sumter, South Carolina, where he graduated from Edmonds High School in 1944. After a year at Clemson University, he served in the US Army for 26 months, during which time he attended Rutgers University in New Brunswick, New Jersey, in the US Army spe-cialized training program. He was discharged from the Army in June 1946, returning to Clemson University where he received a BS degree in Civil Engineering in 1948. During his business career, he graduated from the Advanced Management Program at Harvard 
University. Mr. Calhoun married Paula Fred-erick Whitaker of Kinston, North Carolina, on June 26, 1954. Employed by Rexnord Inc. of Milwaukee, Wisconsin, he held company positions in various locations throughout the United States. He moved to Milwaukee in 1974, serving in management, and became Chairman and CEO of Rexnord Inc. After 35 years with the company, he retired in 1990. Over his career, Mr. Calhoun served on church, bank, and civic boards and industry associations. Upon moving to Charlotte after retirement, Mr. Calhoun became a member of Myers Park United Methodist Church and an associate member of Blowing Rock Meth-odist Church in Blowing Rock, North Caro-lina. He was a member of Charlotte Country Club, Piedmont Club of Charlotte, The Alotian Club, and Blowing Rock Country Club. Mr. Calhoun enjoyed golf, fishing, trav-el, and was an avid reader. Mr. Calhoun cher-ished every opportunity to be with his fam-ily and eight grandchildren who adored their ‘‘Poppy.’’ He was a devoted and loving hus-band, father, father-in-law, and grandfather. His strong work ethic, integrity and faith in God were his guiding principles. He had a wonderful ability to connect with people through his contagious sense of humor, wit, and kindness. He was a consummate gen-tleman with a perpetual twinkle in his eye. Mr. Calhoun brought happiness to all who knew and loved him, and he will remain an example in living for his family. His greatest legacy is the love and bond his family shares with one another. He is survived by daughter Paula Calhoun Ruffin and husband Dalton Dillard Ruffin, Jr. of Charlotte; Harriet Cal-houn Stephens and husband Warren Amerine Stephens of Little Rock, Arkansas; and son John Nathaniel Calhoun II and wife Ansley Bost Calhoun of Charlotte. His grandchildren are Sarah Dickson Bourgeois and husband John Rion Bourgeois, Rebecca Stuart Dickson, Lydia Dillard Ruffin, Warren Miles Amerine Stephens, John Calhoun Stephens, Laura Whitaker Stephens, William Coulter Calhoun, and John Pierce Calhoun II. He is also survived by many beloved nieces and nephews. Mr. Calhoun was predeceased by his parents, his wife and the love of his life for fifty-nine years, Paula Whitaker Calhoun, sister Miriam Cook McCrae of Rock Hill, South Carolina, and brother Charles Cooper Calhoun of Seabrook Island, South Carolina. A memorial service will be held at Myers Park United Methodist Church at 11:00 am on Wednesday, April 8, 2015. Interment will be private. A visitation will also be held at the home of John and Ansley Calhoun, 531 Colville Road, from 5:00 pm to 7:00 pm on Tuesday, April 7, 2015. The family would like to thank Steffeny Harris for her care of and devotion to Mr. Calhoun and his family. In lieu of flowers, memorials may be made to Myers Park United Methodist Church, des-ignated for The St. Luke’s Fund, 1501 Queens Road, Charlotte, North Carolina 28207; Blow-ing Rock Methodist Church, P.O. Box 352, Blowing Rock, North Carolina 28605; The Sal-vation Army Center of Hope, 534 Spratt Street, Charlotte, North Carolina 28206; and Crises Assistance Ministries, 500 Spratt Street, Charlotte, North Carolina 28206. Rob-ertson Funeral & Cremation Service is serv-ing the family.  
IN RECOGNITION OF MRS. JACKI 
LOWE 
HON. SANFORD D. BISHOP, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, April 29, 2015 
Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, it is 
my honor and pleasure to extend my personal congratulations and best wishes to an excep-tional business leader and outstanding citizen, Mrs. Jacki Lowe, on the occasion of her retire-ment from Georgia Power on April 1, 2015. 
Mrs. Lowe has served as West Region Vice 
President of Georgia Power since 2005 but her career with Southern Company, which owns and operates Georgia Power, began more than forty years ago in 1974. A familiar face and name at Southern Company, she ex-celled in her many roles, which included Com-pensation Manager at Georgia Power as well as Benefits Manager, Compensation and Ben-efits Manager, Land Manager, and Assistant to the President at Alabama Power. She also served as Vice President and Regional Chief Information Officer for Alabama Power, South-ern Company Services and Southern Nuclear in Birmingham. Before being appointed West Region Vice President, she served as Vice President of Supply Chain Management for Southern Company and Georgia Power. 
As a female executive in the fourth largest 
utility company in the United States, Mrs. Lowe has in many ways broken through the glass ceiling in this male-dominated industry. Not only has her leadership set an example for other women, but she has also reached out and mentored many employees in order to help them reach their goals and objectives. 
Mrs. Lowe holds a bachelor’s degree in 
Business Administration from Georgia State University and a Master of Business Adminis-tration degree from Samford University in Bir-mingham. In addition to going above and be-yond in her career, Mrs. Lowe has proven to be an exceptional member of her community. She serves on the boards of the Columbus Technical College Foundation, Columbus Re-gional Medical Foundation, Goodwill Industries of the Southern Rivers, Inc., Girl Scouts of Historic Georgia, and the National Infantry Mu-seum. She also serves on the Executive Com-mittee of the Greater Columbus Chamber of Commerce and presided as the Board Chair in 2013. In 2011, she chaired the Intercity Lead-ership Conference and the Diversity Con-ference and was honored with the Volunteer of the Year Award. She also is a past chair of the Valley Partnership Joint Development Au-thority and the Columbus Economic Develop-ment Committee, as well as a past board member of the United Way of Chattahoochee Valley and the Muscogee Educational Excel-lence Foundation. 
Dr. Benjamin E. Mays often said: ‘‘You 
make your living by what you get; you make your life by what you give.’’ Not only has Mrs. Lowe established a legacy for women in the workplace at Southern Company, but she has also done a tremendous job of giving back to the great city of Columbus, and I am very grateful for her tireless advocacy to make the community stronger. A woman of great integ-rity, her efforts, her dedication, and her exper-tise in her field are unparalleled, but her heart for helping others is what makes these quali-ties truly worthy. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:38 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K29AP8.013 E29APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E613 April 29, 2015 
Mrs. Lowe has accomplished much in her 
life but none of it would be possible without the love and support of her two sons, Matt and Jeremy, and her grandchildren, Gaines, Libby, Samuel, Carter, and Hudson. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
in extending our sincerest appreciation and best wishes to Mrs. Jacki Lowe upon the oc-casion of her retirement from an outstanding career spanning over four decades with Southern Company.  
f 
HONORING DEAN JOHN CHARLES 
(JACK) BOGER 
HON. DAVID E. PRICE 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, April 29, 2015 
Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. Speaker, 
I rise today to honor Dean Jack Boger, the 13th Dean of the University of North Carolina School of Law, who will step down in June after nine years as Dean. 
Dean Boger is a native of Concord, North 
Carolina and a graduate of Duke University, Yale University, and the UNC School of Law. After completing law school at UNC in 1974, he clerked with the Honorable Samuel Silver-man of the New York Supreme Court Appel-late Division and practiced for three years in the litigation department of Paul, Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton & Garrison in New York City. 
In 1978, Boger joined the staff of the 
NAACP Legal Defense and Educational Fund, where he litigated capital punishment cases for a decade, becoming the director of the Fund’s Capital Punishment Project in 1983 and a new poverty and justice program in 1987. 
Boger became a member of the UNC 
School of Law faculty in 1990, going on to teach courses in constitutional law, education law, racial discrimination, and poverty law. In 2002, he became Deputy Director of the UNC Center for Civil Rights, working with Director Julius L. Chambers to encourage innovative civil rights research, train a new generation of civil rights attorneys, and address pressing civil rights issues in North Carolina and throughout the Southeast. In addition to his service at UNC, he has taught as a lecturer or adjunct professor at Harvard, New York Law School, and Florida State University. 
In 2006, Boger became the UNC School of 
Law’s 13th dean. His deanship has provided a steady hand and a strategic vision for the school during one of the more trying times in the history of legal education. 
Dean Boger recently wrote that he has al-
ways understood the real meaning of the ‘‘Carolina Way’’ to be the unfaltering faith that light and truth, set free without fear or favor in a university setting, will eventually provide keys to meeting the deepest human needs. During his time as Dean, he has exemplified this understanding of the ‘‘Carolina Way’’ as well as the motto of the University of North Carolina: Esse Quam Videri, to be rather than to seem. 
Thank you, Dean Boger, for your service as 
Dean of the University of North Carolina School of Law. On behalf of my colleagues in North Carolina’s congressional delegation, I wish you good luck and Godspeed in all your future endeavors. HONORING ADAM S.J. BATTLES 
HON. SAM GRAVES 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, April 29, 2015 
Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I 
proudly pause to recognize Adam S.J. Battles. Adam is a very special young man who has exemplified the finest qualities of citizenship and leadership by taking an active part in the Boy Scouts of America, Troop 360, and earn-ing the most prestigious award of Eagle Scout. 
Adam has been very active with his troop, 
participating in many scout activities. Over the many years Adam has been involved with scouting, he has not only earned numerous merit badges, but also the respect of his fam-ily, peers, and community. Most notably, Adam has earned the rank of Tom-Tom Beat-er in the Tribe of Mic-O-Say and became a Member of the Order of the Arrow. Adam has also contributed to his community through his Eagle Scout project. Adam built eight wooden benches for parents and spectators to sit on while watching events at the Northland Thera-peutic Riding Center in Holt, Missouri. 
Mr. Speaker, I proudly ask you to join me in 
commending Adam S.J. Battles for his accom-plishments with the Boy Scouts of America and for his efforts put forth in achieving the highest distinction of Eagle Scout. 
f 
EXEMPLARY SPORTSMANSHIP 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, April 29, 2015 
Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
congratulate the outstanding members of the TIRR Memorial Hermann Hotwheels team on their victory at the National Wheelchair Bas-ketball junior championship. 
The team worked together with their dedi-
cated coach to represent Texas and the Me-morial Hermann Hotwheels competitively. The hard-working members of Hotwheels have demonstrated immense dedication to their team and each other, and exemplary sports-manship and skill in wheelchair basketball. 
On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-
sional District of Texas, congratulations again to the Hotwheels on their hard-won victory at the National Wheelchair Basketball junior championship. Your dedication and commit-ment are a continued inspiration to us all. Best of luck in the future.  
f 
HONORING THE SERVICE OF 
THOMAS L. ROTELLA, JR. 
HON. JIM COSTA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, April 29, 2015 
Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize the career and retirement of Thom-as L. Rotella, Jr. for his outstanding years of service in the Central Valley. Tom’s 43 years of dedication and achievements deserves to be commended. 
Tom’s contributions to Fresno County began 
in his high school years while attending Roo-sevelt High School. During this time, Tom was 
elected into Youth Council of the Fresno City Economic Opportunities Commission. After a year, Mayor Ted Wills appointed him as Chair-person for the Fresno City Youth Commission; which he served as for two years from 1973 to 1975. Tom also sat on the Fresno Commu-nity Development Commission for three years from 1973 to 1976. 
Tom graduated from Roosevelt High School 
in 1974 and began attending evening classes at Fresno City College and throughout his educational lifetime, received 900 Hours of Labor Training at the William W. Winipisinger Educations and Technology Center. In 1976, he set foot on the path of his career by be-coming a lot boy for Mid-Cal Ford Truck. Shortly afterward, he was given the oppor-tunity of the Apprenticeship Program. In 1984, Tom completed the program as a Journeyman Mechanic and obtained three Masters in Na-tional Automotive Service of Excellence for Heavy Duty, Light Duty, and Automotive. He earned the position of Union Shop Steward, and was titled Assistant Service Manager for his last three years at Mid-Cal Ford Truck. He also held a California Smog License, as well as Brake, Lamp, and Air Conditioning Li-censes. 
In 1976, he joined the International Associa-
tion of Machinists and Aerospace Workers (IAMAW). During his years with IAMAW, Tom’s accomplishments included becoming the Recording Secretary for IAMAW Local 1309 and Vice-President of IAMAW District 87. Since 1990, Tom has served for twenty- five years as a Business Representative and President/Directing Business Representative for IAMAW Local 653 and Business Rep-resentative for IAMAW District 190, and has been the President of the California Con-ference of Machinists for the past fifteen years. TOM also participated as the Lead Ne-gotiator in coordinating bargaining for the Building Trades with Fresno Unified School District as well as coordinating bargaining with Sun-Maid Growers for the International Asso-ciation of Machinists, the International Brother-hood of Electrical Workers, and the Inter-national Union of Operating Engineers. 
In addition to his already lengthy resume, 
Tom has partook with the Machinists Non-Par-tisan Political League Planning Committee and was the past Vice President and current dele-gate to the Fresno, Madera, Tulare and Kings Counties Central Labor Council. He served on the Civil Service Commission for Fresno County for nine years as a Business Rep-resentative, and the Automotive and Machin-ists Joint Apprenticeship Committee for thirty years since completing his apprenticeship in 1984, serving as Chairman of the committee for the last twenty-five years. As a part of the Apprenticeship Committee, Tom was a partici-pant and an asset to the Trade Advisory Council for Chowchilla Women’s Facility, Cor-coran’s Men Facility and Tehachapi Prison. 
Tom has been happily married for thirty-six 
years to his wife, Barbara, and has been the proud father of three daughters and grand-father of five grandchildren. 
Mr. Speaker, it is with great respect that I 
ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing the exemplary career of Thomas Rotella Jr., and to wish him the best of luck and satisfac-tion in his retirement and future endeavors.  
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:38 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29AP8.018 E29APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E614 April 29, 2015 
HONORING ALEX ARGYLE 
HON. SAM GRAVES 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, April 29, 2015 
Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I 
proudly pause to recognize Alex Argyle. Alex is a very special young man who has exempli-fied the finest qualities of citizenship and lead-ership by taking an active part in the Boy Scouts of America, Troop 125, and earning the most prestigious award of Eagle Scout. 
Alex has been very active with his troop, 
participating in many scout activities. Over the many years Alex has been involved with scouting, he has not only earned numerous merit badges, but also the respect of his fam-ily, peers, and community. Most notably, Alex has contributed to his community through his Eagle Scout project. 
Mr. Speaker, I proudly ask you to join me in 
commending Alex Argyle for his accomplish-ments with the Boy Scouts of America and for his efforts put forth in achieving the highest distinction of Eagle Scout. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF WILLIAM G. 
DRESSEL, JR. 
HON. FRANK PALLONE, JR. 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, April 29, 2015 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize the accomplishments of William G. Dressel, Jr. as he prepares to retire as Execu-tive Director of the New Jersey State League of Municipalities this year. Mr. Dressel has dedicated 41 years to the League and his achievements are to be celebrated. 
Joining the New Jersey State League of 
Municipalities staff in 1974, Mr. Dressel held various positions in the organization until being selected to serve as Executive Director in 1995. As Executive Director, Mr. Dressel has overseen a twenty member staff, an oper-ating budget of over $3 million and five full- time lobbyists. In addition to his tenure at the New Jersey State League of Municipalities, Mr. Dressel served on the National League of Cities Executive Board for two years. 
Mr. Dressel has been an effective voice for 
New Jersey’s municipalities and his commit-ment to government is evident. He has fought on behalf of local government and helped ad-vance their goals and meet their needs. Under his leadership, the League has grown, with all 565 New Jersey municipalities participating in the volunteer association for the past five years. Additionally, the League’s Annual Con-ference is the largest of its kind, with nearly 20,000 attendees each year. 
Mr. Dressel holds a Masters Degree in Pub-
lic Administration from West Virginia University and a Bachelor of Arts Degree in Political Science and Social Science from Elon Col-lege. He has been recognized over the years for his outstanding service, receiving the John G. Stutz Award for 25 Years of State League Service by the National League of Cities, the Rutgers Award for Public Service to New Jer-sey for Excellence in promoting and sup-porting municipal government and Preserva-tion New Jersey’s Sarah P. Fiske Award for his efforts to rehabilitate the Ferdinand W. 
Roebling Sr. Mansion as the League of Mu-nicipality’s headquarters. 
Mr. Speaker, I sincerely hope that my col-
leagues will join me in congratulating William Dressel, Jr. on his retirement and thanking him for his service to New Jersey. Mr. Dres-sel’s commitment to the betterment of our communities is truly deserving of this body’s recognition.  
f 
CELEBRATING THE 67TH ANNIVER-
SARY OF ISRAELI INDEPEND-ENCE 
HON. TED LIEU 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, April 29, 2015 
Mr. TED LIEU of California. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today in celebration of the 67th anniver-sary of Israeli Independence, Yom Ha’atzmaut. The story of Israel is one of a country that for 67 years has defied all odds and a long list of existential threats not only to exist but to thrive as a powerhouse of innova-tion and national resilience. 
Every year, the celebration of the birth of 
the Jewish state comes on the heels of Israel’s Memorial Day, Yom Ha’zikaron. The sirens that ring throughout the country to mark the day of remembrance serve as a stark re-minder of the ultimate price its citizens have paid to make the State of Israel possible. 
The special relationship between our two 
countries spans all of Israel’s 67 years, begin-ning the moment that President Harry Truman famously recognized the State of Israel only 11 minutes after its declaration of statehood on May 14. 1948. 
Since that time, Israel has served as a 
bright beacon of democracy and human rights in a region scarce with both. As terrorist groups like ISIS spread their brutality, a civil war rages in Syria that has claimed the lives of hundreds of thousands of civilians, and a regime in Iran calls for the annihilation of Israel as it pursues a nuclear program, we are reminded of the importance of our alliance and shared values. On this day, we must reaffirm our steadfast commitment to the State of Israel and our shared goals of democracy, peace, security, and prosperity. 
I ask my colleagues to join me in wishing 
the people and leaders of Israel chag sameach and a happy 67th Independence Day.  
f 
HONORING SETH ARGYLE 
HON. SAM GRAVES 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, April 29, 2015 
Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I 
proudly pause to recognize Seth Argyle. Seth is a very special young man who has exempli-fied the finest qualities of citizenship and lead-ership by taking an active part in the Boy Scouts of America, Troop 125, and earning the most prestigious award of Eagle Scout. 
Seth has been very active with his troop, 
participating in many scout activities. Over the many years Seth has been involved with scouting, he has not only earned numerous 
merit badges, but also the respect of his fam-ily, peers, and community. Most notably, Seth has contributed to his community through his Eagle Scout project. 
Mr. Speaker, I proudly ask you to join me in 
commending Seth Argyle for his accomplish-ments with the Boy Scouts of America and for his efforts put forth in achieving the highest distinction of Eagle Scout. 
f 
NATIONAL DISTINCTION 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, April 29, 2015 
Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
congratulate the City of Meadows Place and their fire department on receiving the rare na-tional distinction of a PPC top ranking of 1. Out of the 48,000 other communities that were evaluated, only 80 out of the entire nation have received such an incredible ranking from the Insurance Services Office (ISO). 
The ISO utilizes a classification system to 
rank cities on their Fire Department’s ability to protect their communities from fire-related inci-dents. The system evaluates fire alarm facili-ties, fire suppression equipment, and other fire department procedures. This comprehensive evaluation method demonstrates that it takes both exemplary city leadership and a dedi-cated Fire Department to achieve a ranking of this superior level. The leadership and Fire Department of the City of Meadows Place have truly prioritized the safety and welfare of their citizens. 
On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-
sional District of Texas, congratulations again to the City of Meadows Place and its Fire De-partment on receiving the highest rank from the ISO. We know that you will continue to set an example in excellence, and we thank you for your service. 
f 
IN HONOR OF THOMAS A. BEATON 
HON. BRUCE POLIQUIN 
OF MAINE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, April 29, 2015 
Mr. POLIQUIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise along 
with my colleague Mr. M OULTON of Massachu-
setts to commemorate Thomas A. Beaton, Phillips Academy Andover Class of 1973, as he completes his service as the President of the Phillips Academy Alumni Council. I want to celebrate Tom as a role model that embodies our school’s ‘‘non sibi’’ motto, which translates to ‘‘not for self.’’ 
An energetic volunteer and philanthropic 
supporter of Andover, Tom has served as a member of the Alumni Council since 2004, during which time he twice co-chaired the Non Sibi Committee and the Mentoring Committee. Mr. Beaton also cofounded the Andover and the Military Committee, among other activities. 
Today, we want to celebrate the fact that, in 
2007, Tom pioneered Non Sibi Day, Andover’s worldwide service effort in which alumni, par-ents, faculty and students participate. Under Tom’s leadership and steadfast support, Non Sibi Day has evolved into what is now known 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:38 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K29AP8.016 E29APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E615 April 29, 2015 
as the Non Sibi 365 initiative, which is the 
name given to the Non Sibi Committee’s ef-forts to serve as a catalyst for year-round ex-pressions of the Non Sibi spirit of the alumni of Phillips Academy and Abbot Academy. The initiative includes all public service acts done in the spirit of Non Sibi, from individual acts of kindness to group projects that bring the An-dover alumni community together, with the ex-press purpose of helping others. 
Over the years, Tom has led Non Sibi 
projects at the Pine Street Inn to help end homelessness and cycled in the Pan-Mass Challenge to support cancer research, to name just two of the countless manifestations of Non Sibi in Tom’s life. Tom’s efforts have inspired thousands of alums to participate in 
hundreds of projects around the world. Thank you, Tom. for your inspiring and transformative leadership. Semper Non Sibi.  
f 
HONORING PAYTON RODGERS 
HON. SAM GRAVES 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, April 29, 2015 
Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I 
proudly pause to recognize Payton Rodgers. Payton is a very special young man who has exemplified the finest qualities of citizenship and leadership by taking an active part in the Boy Scouts of America, Troop 125, and earn-ing the most prestigious award of Eagle Scout. 
Payton has been very active with his troop, 
participating in many scout activities. Over the many years Payton has been involved with scouting, he has not only earned numerous merit badges, but also the respect of his fam-ily, peers, and community. Most notably, Payton has contributed to his community through his Eagle Scout project. 
Mr. Speaker, I proudly ask you to join me in 
commending Payton Rodgers for his accom-plishments with the Boy Scouts of America and for his efforts put forth in achieving the highest distinction of Eagle Scout. 
f 
OUR UNCONSCIONABLE NATIONAL 
DEBT 
HON. MIKE COFFMAN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, April 29, 2015 
Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, on January 
20, 2009, the day President Obama took of-fice, the national debt was $10,626,877,048,913.08. 
Today, it is $18,151,908,849,687.15. We’ve 
added $7,525,031,800,774.07 to our debt in 6 years. This is over $7.5 trillion in debt our na-tion, our economy, and our children could have avoided with a balanced budget amend-ment. IRAN IS THE WORLD THREAT TO 
PEACE 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, April 29, 2015 
Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, Iran pre-
tends like it wants peace, but it really wants to conquer the entire Middle East. 
While the Supreme Leader’s henchmen 
meet with our diplomats in Geneva, the Ira-nians are building up their war technology. Ira-nian news sources indicate that since 2014, Iran has been developing combat suicide drones. This technology uses drones as sui-cide weapons to destroy jet aircraft, heli-copters, and even warships. The drone devel-opment includes drones that elude radar, have tracking devices, and fly for hours with a long range. 
The Supreme Leader says he wants to de-
stroy Israel and the United States and you know what? I believe him. He has used his terrorist proxy group Hezbollah to go after Israelis around the world. Hezbollah killed a bus full of Israeli tourists in Bulgaria. It was caught trying to kill Israelis in India, Turkey, Thailand, Azerbaijan, and Georgia. 
I was in Israel not too long ago and I met 
with Prime Minister Netanyahu. 
He told me the interim Iran nuclear deal was 
the worst deal of the century. 
A year later we have a so-called final deal 
that is just as bad if not worse than the interim deal. 
Iran gets to keep enriching uranium. It does 
not have to dismantle any of its nuclear infra-structure. No centrifuges will be disabled, no fissile material will be shipped out of the coun-try, Arak will not be destroyed and Fordow will not be closed. 
That means at the end of the deal it basi-
cally just has to flip a switch to get a nuclear bomb. Why would we be okay with Iran get-ting a nuclear bomb in 10 or 15 years but not today? To use a football analogy, this deal puts Iran on the goal line with just inches to go before it scores a touchdown. 
The deal is also weak on inspections. No-
where in any fact sheet is it clear that the IAEA will have ‘‘anytime, anywhere’’ inspec-tions. In fact, an Iranian general said that mili-tary sites will be off limits. 
Our one point of leverage—tough sanctions 
that this Congress passed—the Administration seems ready to get rid of sooner rather than later. President Rouhani said ‘‘We will not sign any agreement, unless all economic sanctions are totally lifted on the first day of the imple-mentation of the deal.’’ Then our President talked about giving Iran $10 billion up front from oil revenue that is frozen in Iran’s bank account. That does not sound like a tough ne-gotiator to me. 
As bad as this deal is, I’m not even sure 
there is a deal. Supreme Leader Khamenei said ‘‘there are no binding results.’’ And you know what? I hope he’s right. 
As Netanyahu put it when he came to speak 
to Congress, ‘‘the alternative to a bad deal is a better deal.’’ We can reimpose sanctions, bring even tougher sanctions, and return to our original goals of bargaining: dismantle nu-clear infrastructure (including centrifuges and enrichment facilities), no enrichment, require anytime/anywhere snap inspections, stop re-search and development on advanced cen-
trifuges, and no development of ICBMs. 
Right now, today, Iran is trying to gobble up 
Yemen, Iraq, Syria, and Lebanon. That is four countries in the Middle East. Now imagine what Iran would do once it had a nuclear weapon? We cannot let that happen. We must stop the Iranian mullahs that threaten both the United States and Israel. 
And that’s just the way it is. 
f 
HONORING OFFICER JACOB 
BALDWIN 
HON. SAM GRAVES 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, April 29, 2015 
Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I 
proudly pause to recognize Officer Jacob Baldwin, a police officer and hero with the Pleasant Valley Police Department, on being awarded the Pleasant Valley Police Service Purple Heart, in recognition of his injuries in the line of duty. 
After serving in the United States Air Force, 
Officer Baldwin continued his devotion to serv-ice by becoming a member of the Kansas Air National Guard, serving in the 284th Air Sup-port Operation Squadron. Through his four de-ployments to Africa, Kuwait and Iraq and his time with the Pleasant Valley Police Depart-ment, Officer Baldwin has gone above and be-yond his call of duty. On December 13th, Offi-cer Baldwin sustained severe injuries from a gunshot wound. While wounded, Officer Bald-win exemplified selflessness and bravery by notifying proper authorities of the situation at hand so they could apprehend the suspect be-fore he brought harm to another member of the community. Throughout his many years of meritorious service and commitment to the force, Officer Baldwin has inspired his fellow officers and many in the community which he protects. 
Mr. Speaker, I proudly ask you to join me in 
recognizing Officer Jacob Baldwin for his ad-mirable service to the Pleasant Valley Police Department and his selfless dedication to pro-tecting the residents who reside in the city. 
f 
COMMITMENT TO ENERGY 
EFFICIENCY 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, April 29, 2015 
Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
congratulate Memorial Hermann Health Sys-tem for being recognized as a 2015 ENERGY STAR Partner of the Year by the Environ-mental Protection Agency, EPA. This marks the third consecutive year that Memorial Her-mann has received this honor. 
Every year, the EPA’s ENERGY STAR label 
is given to hospitals across the country for their energy performance management. For 2015, 20 percent of U.S. hospitals given this label were part of the Memorial Hermann Health System. I commend Memorial Her-mann for their continued commitment to en-ergy efficiency. 
On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-
sional District of Texas, congratulations again 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:38 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A29AP8.024 E29APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E616 April 29, 2015 
to the Memorial Hermann Health System for 
receiving this worthy recognition. Thank you for being a leader in our community and the health care industry. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF CAPTAIN 
JEREMY HAYNES 
HON. SANFORD D. BISHOP, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, April 29, 2015 
Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize a true patriot and American hero, Captain Jeremy Haynes. On August 5, 2014, Captain Haynes was critically wounded while serving our country in Afghanistan. Cap-tain Haynes will be honored for his out-standing contributions to the United States Army and to our great nation at the Third An-nual Ceola Alexander Memorial Prayer Break-fast on May 2, 2015 in Arlington, Georgia. 
A native of Albany, Georgia, Captain 
Haynes attended Calhoun County Schools and Early County Schools before graduating from Dougherty County High School. He was commissioned into the Quartermaster Corps at Georgia Military College in 2004, and grad-uated cum laude from Fort Valley State Uni-versity in 2006 with a Bachelor of Arts degree in History. Most recently, Captain Haynes earned a Master of Science degree in Man-agement magna cum laude from the Florida 
Institute of Technology in 2013. 
Captain Haynes has distinguished himself 
through a number of previous assignments, in-cluding Platoon Leader & Executive Officer, 421st Quartermaster Company (Riggers), U.S. Army Reserves in Fort Valley, Georgia; Bat-talion Logistics Officer, 3rd Special Troops Battalion, 3rd Brigade, 101st Airborne Division (Air Assault); Commander, 623rd Quarter-master Company (Riggers), 82nd Sustainment Brigade (Airborne); Training with Industry, American Red Cross National Headquarters in Washington, D.C.; and Instructor at the United States Army Logistics University in Fort Lee, Virginia. 
During his extensive military career, Captain 
Haynes has been honored with a multitude of awards, among them the Purple Heart, Bronze Star Medal, Defense Meritorious Service Medal, Meritorious Service Medal, Afghanistan Campaign Medal, Iraqi Freedom Campaign Medal, Combat Action Badge, Senior Para-chutist Badge, Air Assault Badge, Parachute Rigger Badge, German Jump Wings, and the Norwegian 30K Road Mark Badge. 
On August 5, 2014, Captain Haynes’ life 
was changed forever. While acting as an Aide- de-Camp to Major General Harold Green among a delegation of Coalition and Afghan Forces, a member of the Afghan army opened fire upon the group, critically wounding Cap-tain Haynes and more than a dozen others. 
After suffering gunshot wounds so severe 
that they required numerous surgeries and left him in a coma, Captain Haynes woke up to find that his legs would not move. Adding even more mental anguish to his physical trauma, he also discovered that Major General Green had been killed. But despite the ex-tremity of his injuries, both physical and emo-tional, Captain Haynes has not only returned to the loving arms of his wife and six children, but he also took his first steps since the attack just before last New Year’s Eve. His example reminds us all just how deeply 
the men and women in the Armed Forces give of themselves on our behalf, and how much they are willing to endure, both physically and mentally, to safeguard our cherished liberties. Captain Haynes sets an extraordinary stand-ard of altruism to emulate and for his sac-rifices, we shall forever be grateful. 
Mr. Speaker, today I ask my colleagues to 
join me, my wife, Vivian, the more than 730,000 people in Georgia’s Second Congres-sional District, and all Americans, in extending our sincere gratitude and appreciation to Cap-tain Jeremy Haynes. Captain Haynes’ coura-geous leadership among his peers and his en-during dedication to our country showcase an individual of truly noble character. The impact of his valor and sacrifice are deeply felt within the hearts of those whose paths he crosses, and we wish him all the best as he continues to touch the lives of those in his community. May his future endeavors reward and inspire him, as he has inspired us. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE 100TH AN-
NIVERSARY OF THE NEW JER-SEY STATE LEAGUE OF MUNICI-PALITIES 
HON. FRANK PALLONE, JR. 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, April 29, 2015 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
congratulate the New Jersey State League of Municipalities on its 100th anniversary this year. This incredible milestone and the League’s efforts to support New Jersey’s local governments are truly deserving of this body’s recognition. 
Born out of the need for a statewide alliance 
supporting and representing the common in-terests of local governments, the New Jersey State League of Municipalities was conceived and formally authorized by state statute Chap-ter 163, Laws of 1915. Trenton Mayor Fred-erick W. Donnelly served as the League’s first president, along with three vice presidents, a 14-member executive committee (now known as the executive board) and an executive sec-retary (known today as the executive director). Over the years, the organization’s structure has remained the same. In its 100th year, Piscataway Mayor Brian Wahler serves as League President. 
Evidence of its success, the League has 
grown immensely since its formation. Begun with 51 charter member municipalities, today the voluntary association boasts a member-ship of all 565 of New Jersey’s municipalities, representing more than 560 mayors and 13,000 elected and appointed officials. Its headquarters, moved from Princeton to Tren-ton in 1921, continued to expand and was housed in several buildings before settling in its current location in 2007. For 100 years, the New Jersey State League of Municipalities has evolved and grown to meet the changing, complex needs of local government. 
Through its legislative activity, the League 
continues to be the leading voice on municipal affairs and an effective advocate on behalf of New Jersey’s communities. Its services, pro-grams and resources, particularly its annual conference and monthly magazine, are invalu-able resources to local officials, providing out-lets to share issues, solutions and ideas. 
Throughout its history, the League has suc-cessfully fought for greater local autonomy, improved local governance and the protection of municipal rights. Its achievements and influ-ence are immeasurable. 
Mr. Speaker, once again, please join me in 
recognizing the New Jersey State League of Municipalities as it celebrates 100 years of local government collaboration. The New Jer-sey State League of Municipalities continues to represent a commitment to good govern-ment.  
f 
PROVIDE SEXUAL ASSAULT VIC-
TIMS WITH PERMANENT PRO-TECTION FROM THEIR ATTACKERS 
HON. CHRISTOPHER H. SMITH 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, April 29, 2015 
Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise to recognize Sexual Assault Awareness Month and call attention to legislation I reintro-duced this morning that will help to ensure that victims of sexual assaults can seek and receive permanent protection from their attackers. 
By way of background, Nicole Norberto, a 
constituent of mine from Jackson, New Jersey and for whom the bill is named, was raped at the age of 15 by an acquaintance. While seek-ing prosecution of the attacker and appropriate restraints to protect herself, Nicole was ad-vised by a court clerk in her home county that she could not request a permanent restraining order from the judge because she was not in a ‘‘dating relationship’’ with her attacker. 
As a result, Nicole’s no-contact order, which 
offered her a significant means of protection from her attacker, ended when her attacker was released from government supervision. To remedy this situation, the New Jersey state legislature adopted legislation (Chapter 133 of the laws of 2007) to extend the right of perma-nent protection to all victims of sexual abuse. 
In my state, Nicole’s Law closed a gaping 
loophole and the bill I introduced today will provide victims across the country with the same protections. 
Mr. Speaker, the Rape, Abuse & Incest Na-
tional Network (RAINN) estimates that ap-proximately 2/3 of assaults are committed by someone known to the victim and 38 percent are a friend or acquaintance. Nicole’s Law will ensure all victims have the option of obtaining a permanent restraining order—and the peace of mind it provides. 
In addition to requiring states to ensure their 
laws afford victims the option of seeking a per-manent restraining order, my bill will allow a judge to, essentially, default to permanent pro-tection instead of issuing protection orders which expire on a specific date or upon termi-nation. In other words, if the offender would like the order removed, the burden is on the offender to ask for its removal, rather than on the victim to ask for its continuance. 
Mr. Speaker, RAINN states that 68 percent 
of sexual assaults are not reported to police and 98 percent of rapists will never spend a day in jail. 
By offering victims added protection and 
support, we can enable them to have greater 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:38 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A29AP8.027 E29APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E617 April 29, 2015 
confidence in the administration of justice. The 
more support and confidence victims have in the ability of our justice system to hold those who commit sex crimes accountable, the more likely victims will come forward—which will help ensure that more criminals are properly prosecuted, leading to fewer victims in the fu-ture. 
As Nicole stated this week: ‘‘This law is a 
chance to help ensure victim’s rights are pro-tected and needs are met before, during and after a sexual assault. Hopefully this law will help victims of sexual assault be more com-fortable with coming forward about their inci-dent knowing that there are laws set in place to help protect them during this difficult proc-ess.’’ 
We should do all we can to encourage vic-
tims to come forward and ensure those victims who do, are afforded permanent protection. My legislation will help this effort and I urge all members to support it.  
f 
LEGENDARY COACH 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, April 29, 2015 
Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
congratulate Ms. Donna Vacek on her long and successful career as head coach of the Lady Oilers, the Pearland girls’ basketball team. 
With over 449 career wins and two regional 
tournament appearances, Ms. Vacek has coached the Lady Oilers to incredible victories over her 29 year career. While she is still in her prime in coaching, Ms. Vacek opted to re-tire and spend time caring for her family. She is leaving a legacy of victory and determina-tion that will continue to motivate the team in future tournaments. 
On behalf of the residents of the Twenty- 
Second Congressional District of Texas, con-gratulations again on your exemplary career as head coach of the Lady Oilers. We know that you will continue to set an example in ex-cellence and compassion, and we thank you for leadership.  
f 
PROTECTING CYBER NETWORKS 
ACT (H.R. 1560) NATIONAL CYBER-SECURITY ADVANCEMENT PRO-TECTION ACT OF 2015 (H.R. 1731) 
HON. BETTY McCOLLUM 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, April 29, 2015 
Ms. M CCOLLUM. Mr. Speaker, last week I 
voted against H.R. 1560. With two bills on the floor with the same purpose to improve public- private cybersecurity information sharing, I simply prefer the alternative legislation, the National Cybersecurity Protection Advance-ment Act of 2015 (H.R. 1731). 
I commend the Select Committee on Intel-
ligence for their efforts to produce quality, ef-fective legislation to increase public-private cy-bersecurity information sharing. However, it made more sense to me that this information sharing would be channeled through the exist-ing National Cybersecurity and Communica-tions Integration Center (NCCIC) already in 
place under the Department of Homeland Se-curity, as provided in H.R. 1731. I am con-cerned that this bill would provide too many opportunities for mistakes as cybersecurity in-formation would be shared by private entities with any civilian Government agency of their choice. With so many government entities eli-gible to receive this information, and then pass it on to other government organizations, H.R. 1560 would not ensure protection of private personal information. 
A coalition of 18 security researchers and 
36 privacy organizations, including the Amer-ican Civil Liberties Union, have similar con-cerns, and while I applaud the effort to move forward to address cybersecurity issues, it’s critical to get the privacy protections right. 
I recognize the importance of establishing 
cybersecurity legislation. and support the Ad-ministration’s position that information sharing legislation must carefully safeguard privacy and civil liberties and provide for appropriate sharing with targeted liability protections. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join 
me in opposing the Protecting Cyber Networks Act and support the National Cybersecurity Advancement Protection Act of 2015.  
f 
HONORING COMCAST CARES DAY 
HON. BILL FOSTER 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, April 29, 2015 
Mr. FOSTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize the spirit of volunteerism dem-onstrated by Comcast Cares Day. 
Since 2001, over 600,000 volunteers have 
logged over 3.7 million service hours through-out the country during Comcast Cares Day, a celebration that brings communities together to encourage service and promote vol-unteerism. This year in Will County, volunteers will work with the Forest Preserve District of Will County for a project at Whalon Lake. 
I would like to thank the organizers and vol-
unteers of Comcast Cares Day for the work they do in our community and for their com-mitment to service.  
f 
CONGRATULATING THE COPPELL 
HIGH SCHOOL GIRLS SOCCER TEAM ON THEIR STATE CHAM-PIONSHIP 
HON. KENNY MARCHANT 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, April 29, 2015 
Mr. MARCHANT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
in recognition of the Coppell High School girls soccer team and their recent victory in the 2015 UIL 6A State Championship game. Coppell defeated then-unbeaten Highland Park High School by a score of 3–0, giving the Cowgirls their second state championship. 
The Cowgirls, led by longtime coach Chris 
Stricker, finished the season undefeated with 28 wins, three ties, and zero losses, making them only the 9th UIL girls soccer champion to finish a season without a loss. What makes this championship victory that much more im-pressive is the difficult road the Cowgirls had to traverse, beating nationally ranked teams 
like Plano West just to get into the State tour-nament. Not only did Coppell finish the season as the best team in Texas, they were ranked the #1 team in the nation by Top Drawer Soc-cer. The achievements and accomplishments attained this season by the Cowgirls, listed below, cannot be understated and are deserv-ing of the highest praise. 
Seniors: Rachel Johnson #00, Cami Stude-
baker #6, Grace Vowell #8, Liat Even #10, Christina Liu #12, Rachel Koury #18, Sarah King #21, Tara Vishnesky #22 
Juniors: Kristen Racz #5, Maddie Dickson 
#11, Madeline Guderian #13, Kate Kaiser #16, Ashleigh Little #25, Emma Jett #27, Shay Johnson #31 
Sophomores: Kelly Rohe #0, Maddie Weber 
#1, Erian Brown #7, Tori Teffeteller #26, Sarah Houchin #30 
Freshmen: Italia Bradley #3, Tyler Runnels 
#9, Sydney Andrews #20, McKenzie McFar-land #23 
Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the 24th Congres-
sional District of Texas, I ask all my distin-guished colleagues to join me in honoring this great achievement by the Coppell High School girls soccer team. 
f 
TOP 10 COLLEGE WOMEN OF THE 
YEAR 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, April 29, 2015 
Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
congratulate Vanessa Alejandro for being named one of Glamour Magazine’s Top 10 College Women of the Year. This prestigious recognition highlights ten young women whose actions lead to positive changes in their com-munity. 
Vanessa grew up in Pearland, Texas and 
was always fond of exploring nature as a child. Upon attending University of Houston, she realized many inner city children fail to have a safe environment to explore nature like she did as a child. As a result, she founded Warriors of the Wild, a nonprofit that teaches inner city kids about science and the environ-ment. While pursuing her academic leader-ship, she became a cancer survivor. Two years ago, Vanessa was diagnosed with thy-roid cancer. She battled cancer like a cham-pion continuing her studies at the same time. Her efforts to help bring the world of science to those with limited access and her success in overcoming cancer are an inspiration to all young women. 
On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-
sional District of Texas, congratulations again to Vanessa Alejandro for being named Glam-our Magazine’s Top 10 College Women of the Year. We are very proud of her. 
f 
MAYOR DONNIE M CMANNES 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, April 29, 2015 
Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, after ten 
years in office, City of Humble, Texas Mayor 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:38 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A29AP8.030 E29APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E618 April 29, 2015 
Donnie McMannes will officially bring his stel-
lar public career to an end next month. His tireless efforts have improved our community, and it is with great pleasure that I express my admiration, gratitude and respect to a home-town hero and committed public servant. 
Donnie was born in Houston and spent 
much of his childhood in the Heights area be-fore moving with his mother to Humble in 1945 and attending Charles Bender High School, where he became a football star be-fore graduating in 1953. 
After graduating high school, he married his 
high school sweetheart, Georgia. He was soon drafted into the U.S. Army. His love for football continued while in the service when he played football for the Army in Germany in what was called the Rhine Conference. In 1955, his team went undefeated and won the Rhine Conference Championship. 
After completing his service in the Army, 
Donnie returned home to Texas and to his wife, Georgia. At the age of 23, he joined the City of Houston Police Department. 
For 27 years, Donnie put on the badge to 
protect and serve Houstonians. His long ca-reer at HPD included assignments in patrol, investigator, and narcotics. He was promoted to detective in the Burglary and Theft Division, where he served for fourteen years. After retir-ing from HPD, he continued his career as a Texas lawman, working ten more years for Constable Walter Rankin’s Precinct One Con-stable Office. He is a lifetime member of what I refer to as the ‘‘Poe-leece’’—a group of my friends in the Texas law enforcement commu-nity. 
Donnie is the epitome of civil servant. After 
officially retiring from law enforcement in 1995, Donnie decided to become more actively in-volved in local government and ran for the po-sition of Council Member with the City of Hum-ble. He served on the Humble City Council for 10 years. He then decided to run for mayor in 2005 and has spent the last 10 years as its mayor. 
Under his leadership, he’s overseen many 
successful projects through the Humble City Council, including bringing the City out of debt and into a surplus. Mayor McMannes has given Humble financial flexibility and the ability to start and complete projects, noting that the projects are always ‘‘paid for by cash.’’ 
Congress could certainly stand to gain from 
following in Mayor McMannes’ commonsense, fiscally responsible footsteps. In addition, working alongside many of his Humble-born and bred friends from the ’50s, the City of Humble recently finished managing a total res-toration project on the old Charles Bender High School building turning it into the new Charles Bender High School Performing Arts Center. As an alum of Charles Bender High School, this project was close to Mayor McMannes’ heart, and appropriately, the new facility is immersed in important memories and milestones in Humble’s rich roots. 
On behalf of the Second Congressional Dis-
trict, I thank Mayor McMannes for his service and wish him and Georgia nothing but the best in their future endeavors. 
As a resident of Humble, I can tell you that 
his presence in the city government will be missed. As Donnie likes to say, ‘‘I’m Texas born, Texas bred, and I’ll be Texas dead right here on Main Street.’’ 
And that’s just the way it is. FBISD ELEMENTARY TEACHER OF 
THE YEAR 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, April 29, 2015 
Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
congratulate Melanie Hines of Oyster Creek Elementary on being named Fort Bend Inde-pendent School District’s 2015 Elementary Teacher of the Year. 
Ms. Hines has been a teacher for ten years, 
devoting the last two years to Oyster Creek Elementary. She prides herself on taking a special interest in each student and is dedi-cated to preventing achievement gaps in the classroom for all of her students. I wish Ms. Hines the best of luck in her teaching career and am thankful for teachers like her that go above and beyond for their students. Great teachers help develop future leaders. 
On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-
sional District of Texas, I congratulate Melanie Hines for her commitment to teaching and for earning the Fort Bend ISD 2015 Elementary Teacher of the Year. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE DISTINGUISHED 
CAREER AND SERVICE OF DR. S. ALAN RAY 
HON. PETER J. ROSKAM 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, April 29, 2015 
Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize a dedicated servant of higher edu-cation from the state of Illinois, Dr. S. Alan Ray. In June, Dr. Ray will conclude his service as President of Elmhurst College. 
During his tenure as President, Dr. Ray has 
been an exemplary leader and servant of Elm-hurst College. He created the first comprehen-sive strategic planning process in the school’s history. The Elmhurst College Strategic Plan 2009–2014 clarified and systemized the Col-lege’s core values and beliefs and charted a course for the College’s institutional growth during those years. He has since created a second strategic plan, with the help of the school’s trustees, to lay out the groundwork for academic and institutional growth through the year 2020. Dr. Ray’s strategic vision and dedicated execution have strengthened Elm-hurst College and better served countless stu-dents. 
Under Dr. Ray’s direction, Elmhurst College 
has grown significantly. It increased its full- time faculty, greatly increased its minority stu-dent population, and launched a school of pro-fessional studies, which specializes in grad-uate and adult education. The College has also completed construction and renovation projects, including the Elmhurst College Sim-ulation Center at Elmhurst Memorial Hospital. The simulation center is a state-of-the-art facil-ity built to improve nurses’ clinical knowledge and skills through active, hands-on clinical scenarios. 
Dr. Ray’s long and distinguished tenure at 
Elmhurst College has been a time of dynamic growth for the institution and academic excel-lence for its student population. Elmhurst Col-lege has solidified its place as an integral part of our local community and an excellent place 
to study and receive training for a successful career. 
Mr. Speaker and Distinguished Colleagues, 
please join me in congratulating Dr. S. Alan Ray on his seven years of service to Elmhurst College and in wishing him all the best for the new chapter on which he is about to embark. 
f 
RECOGNIZING VOLUNTEERS WITH 
THE MOUNTAIN EMPIRE OLDER CITIZENS FOSTER GRAND-PARENT PROGRAM 
HON. H. MORGAN GRIFFITH 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, April 29, 2015 
Mr. GRIFFITH. Mr. Speaker, I submit these 
remarks to recognize volunteers with the Mountain Empire Older Citizens Foster Grand-parent Program, which pairs people aged 60 and older with students for tutoring and mentorship purposes. The Foster Grandparent Program is celebrating its 50th anniversary this year, and has been operating at Mountain Empire Older Citizens, Inc. since 1997. 
It is my honor to submit the names of Moun-
tain Empire Older Citizens Foster Grandparent Program volunteers: 
Irene Bailey, Lucille Baker, Minnie Baker, 
Betty Barker, Mary Dawson, Nelda Denninson, Shirley Gardner, Ruth Gibson, Bess Gillenwater, Ruth Hogue, Patsy King, Janie Marshall, Sheila Miller, Edith Moore, Sharon Mullins, Bonnie Olinger, Mary Rogers, Ruth Shawver, Marie Smith, Thelma Smith, Betty Stewart, and Thelma Welch. 
Additionally, I would recognize Sarah Par-
sons for her 15 years of service, and note with sadness the passing of Aleatha Strong, who served for 7 years as a Foster Grandparent. 
Mr. Speaker, I want to send my genuine 
thanks to folks working with and volunteering for the Mountain Empire Older Citizens Foster Grandparent Program. I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing these volunteers and others throughout the nation for their efforts on behalf of America’s young people. Best wishes to the Foster Grandparent Program many more years of success. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO SYDNEY PEARL 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, April 29, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise to 
recognize Sydney Pearl, a twelve year old au-thor from West Des Moines, Iowa. 
Sydney, a student at Stilwell Junior High 
School recently completed a book about holo-caust survivor David Wolnerman. Mr. Wolnerman and his wife Mrs. Jennie Wolnerman are the last known living holocaust survivors in Central Iowa. I applaud Sydney’s effort to preserve their story in her book A Lucky Lie. 
This book is an oral history of Mr. 
Wolnerman during his time in Nazi concentra-tion camps and his life afterwards. The title comes from the lie Mr. Wolnerman told long ago in 1940, about his age as he was entering 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:38 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A29AP8.036 E29APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E619 April 29, 2015 
the concentration camp. By claiming he was 
18, when he was only 13, he narrowly avoided being sent to the gas chamber. Mr. Wolnerman believes God allowed him to make that choice and ultimately it helped him sur-vive. Sydney, through her words, was able to pass along his message for others to hear. The tragedy of the holocaust must never be forgotten. 
Sydney was encouraged to write the book 
by the Jewish Federation and A Book by Me, an Illinois company that taps children to tell stories of Jewish survivors. Her book passes down the oral history of David Wolnerman for other children nationwide. 
I congratulate Sydney Pearl for writing this 
book and for preserving the history of those that survived the horrors of the Holocaust dur-ing the Second World War. I am proud to rep-resent them in the United States Congress. I know that my colleagues join me in congratu-lating Sydney Pearl and wishing her many successes in the future. 
f 
HONORING ALLAN LEE 
MCCROSKEY 
HON. H. MORGAN GRIFFITH 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, April 29, 2015 
Mr. GRIFFITH. Mr. Speaker, I submit these 
remarks to commemorate the life of my friend Allan Lee McCroskey of Roanoke County, who went to be with his Lord on Tuesday, April 7, 2015. 
Allan served our nation in the United States 
Air Force during Vietnam. In spite of his serv-ice-related ailments, Allan was always quick to greet you with a smile. He went on to serve as Commander for the Disabled American Veterans, Department of Virginia (2012–2013). In fact, Allan was a life member of the Dis-abled American Veterans, and was a Disabled American Veterans National Service Officer. He also was retired from the Veterans Admin-istration. 
Not only did Allan serve our nation, he ac-
tively served the community as well. He was Assistant Scout Master and Board Member of the Blue Ridge Council of Boy Scouts of America, and received the District Award of Merit, the Silver Beaver Award, and the James E. West Fellowship Award. He also was a member of the Scouting Heritage Society. 
Additionally, Allan was board member for 
Climbing Higher Ministries of Lynchburg and Combining Chapters of the DAV. He also was a member of Living Water Christian Church and Cave Spring Masonic Lodge #230. 
Allan was preceded in death by his father, 
Richard L. McCroskey; his stepmother, Agnes McCroskey; his mother, Virginia Johnson McCroskey; his loving wife of 37 years, Reatha Tuck McCroskey; and his second wife of eight years, Linda Perkins McCroskey; his sons, Matthew David and Stephen Paul McCroskey; and his brother, Richard F. McCroskey. He is survived by his son and daughter-in-law, Eric and Anne McCroskey of Goodview; his brother, Michael E. McCroskey of Mechanicsville; and his sister, Carolyn S. Wallace of Colonial Heights. 
Known for his exceptional goodwill and 
dedication to the United States military, vet-erans, and our community, I am honored to pay tribute to this man’s many contributions. 
My thoughts and prayers go out to Allan’s family and loved ones. He will be greatly missed by all who knew him.  
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. SCOTT GARRETT 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, April 29, 2015 
Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, on roll call 
numbers 174 and 175, I could not be present to vote on the House Floor as I was in my dis-trict attending the funeral of a former member of my staff. Had I been present, I would have voted aye on both roll call votes.  
f 
CONGRATULATING MR. BEN 
TALLEY 
HON. H. MORGAN GRIFFITH 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, April 29, 2015 
Mr. GRIFFITH. Mr. Speaker, I submit these 
remarks to congratulate Mr. Ben Talley, a science teacher at Van Pelt Elementary School in Bristol, Virginia, on being inducted into the 2015 National Teachers Hall of Fame. 
Education is important to the Ninth Congres-
sional District and the future of our nation. Mr. Talley has 24 years of teaching experience, and has been awarded the prestigious McGlothlin Award for Teaching Excellence, the Bristol Mayors’ Award of Distinction, a Rotary Outstanding Teacher, and Virginia Teacher of the Year. 
In addition to teaching at Van Pelt Elemen-
tary School, Mr. Talley teaches GED courses at the Bristol Virginia Jail. He has also written several books, including his 2007 book entitled ‘‘The Game My Father Taught Me.’’ 
Mr. Speaker, I again congratulate Mr. Ben 
Talley on his remarkable accomplishments and, on behalf of many in the Ninth District, thank him for all he has done for our area. Best wishes for many more years of continued success.  
f 
INTRODUCTION OF THE BUREAU 
OF RECLAMATION SURFACE WATER STORAGE STREAMLINING ACT OF 2015 
HON. DAN NEWHOUSE 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, April 29, 2015 
Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to introduce my legislation, the Bureau of Rec-lamation Surface Water Storage Streamlining Act of 2015. This important and desperately needed legislation would streamline the Bu-reau of Reclamation’s environmental planning and study process for new surface water stor-age projects. It would accomplish this by ap-plying the same streamlined water project de-velopment process used by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers under the Water Re-sources Reform Development Act of 2014 to the U.S. Bureau of Reclamation, in order to fa-cilitate the construction of new dams and res-
ervoirs. 
Water is the lifeblood of communities in the 
arid West and the current water shortage cri-sis devastating much of the Western United States highlights the critical need for water supply to grow with demand. A streamlined process for new water storage projects is vital to prepare effectively for drought and to pro-vide adequate water resources for future de-velopment. This bill allows forward-thinking im-provements to the Bureau of Reclamation’s permitting process to create new opportunities for water storage. Put simply, this legislation will reform the current cumbersome and lengthy process so that there is a mechanism to build new surface water storage projects in the West. 
I urge all members to join me in supporting 
this legislation and I urge its swift passage.  
f 
TRIBUTE TO RICHARD LANGLEY 
SETTLE 
HON. H. MORGAN GRIFFITH 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, April 29, 2015 
Mr. GRIFFITH. Mr. Speaker, I submit these 
remarks to commemorate the life of my friend Richard Langley Settle, who passed away on April 16, 2015. 
Richard served our nation in the United 
States Air Force Communications Service at the Pentagon. He graduated from Russell County Public Schools, and went on to attend Clinch Valley College. 
He was a 31-year employee of Verizon Vir-
ginia, and had an immense knowledge of tele-communications and legislative history. Rich-ard left the company in 2003, having started as a pole climber and worked his way up to Southwest Area Manager of External Affairs. He was President of Settle Associates, a con-sulting group specializing in business develop-ment, telecommunications, government rela-tions, and economic development. 
Richard is well known for his public service, 
having served as Chair and Vice-Chair of the Russell County Board of Supervisors. He also served as a member of the Foundation Boards of both the Mountain Empire Community Col-lege and The University of Virginia—Wise. In 2003, he was the honeree of the Mountain Empire Community College Hall of Honor. 
Further, Richard worked tirelessly to encour-
age economic development in Southwest Vir-ginia. Appointed by three Governors, Richard served the Virginia Coalfield Economic Devel-opment Authority as Chair and Vice-Chair. He attended the 2001 Economic Summit in Tokyo, Japan as a special envoy of Virginia, and was also appointed to the Virginia Work-force Council. 
Richard was appointed by the General As-
sembly of Virginia as a non-legislative member of the Southwest Economic Development Commission. He also was a charter member of the Southwest Virginia Technology Council, and was honored with a lifetime membership. Additionally, Richard served as a member of the Board of Directors of Virginia Economic Bridge, and held several advisory board posi-tions for privately held companies. 
He was involved in additional public service 
work and charitable work, having served as a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:38 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A29AP8.039 E29APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E620 April 29, 2015 
Deacon of Miller View Primitive Baptist Church 
in Lebanon, VA. He was also an active mem-ber of the Sandy Valley Masonic Lodge #17, the Wise County Shrine Club, and the Kazim Temple in Roanoke, VA. 
Richard is survived by his wife Janet 
Swearingen Settle of Abingdon, VA; son Jamie Settle of Carbo, VA; daughter Sarah Rae Easter, MD and husband Nick Easter of Boston, MA; grandsons Tommy Settle and Taylor Settle; brother Billy Settle and sister-in- law Judy, daughter-in-law Jennifer Taylor Yates, and niece Sally Ketron and husband Wes all of Lebanon, VA; niece Lora Beth Set-tle of Denver, CO and niece Lindsay Greer and husband Joe of Damascus, VA. 
Also surviving are his mother-in-law Sarah 
Baird Hutcheson; brother-in-law James Baird Swearingen, niece Alissa M. Swearingen MD and husband Nick Alexiou, nephew Travis B. Swearingen and wife Aftin all of Brentwood, TN; nephew Christopher J. Swearingen PhD and wife Emilee of San Marcos, CA; brother- in-law Ray Hutcheson and wife Sue of Frank-lin, KY; great nieces Avery Ketron, Ava Swearingen, Denbigh Swearingen; great neph-ews Joe Hank, Jacob and Britt Swearingen. Richard was preceded in death by his parents Richard L. and Lillian Jackson Settle, son Robert Kyle Settle, sister Mary Kay Settle, brother Fred Settle, and sister-in-law Martha Jones Swearingen. 
Richard’s counsel to me and others over the 
years was truly invaluable. His expertise and devotion had a tremendous impact on our re-gion, and made it a better place to live. His input and dedication will be missed. Our thoughts and prayers go out to Richard’s fam-ily and loved ones at this time. May God give them comfort.  
f 
TRIBUTE TO MEALS FROM THE 
HEARTLAND 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, April 29, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise to 
congratulate and recognize Meals From The Heartland, a non-profit organization that oper-ates out of West Des Moines, Iowa, for receiv-ing the USA Today Make a Difference Day Award. 
Make a Difference Day is a USA Today ini-
tiative that issues an award to honor the ef-forts of outstanding people who lead these projects. Each year, they award $140,000 in grants to 14 honorees chosen by a distin-guished panel of judges. Award-winners can use their grant money to expand their Make a Difference Day projects, or donate them to a charity of their choice. Make a Difference Day is the nation’s largest annual day of giving. 
On Make a Difference Day, October 25, 
2014, Meals from the Heartland produced over seven tons of food to those in need. A small portion of the 100,008 dried meals produced go to people in Iowa, but most are sent over-seas to children in countries including Haiti, South Africa, and the Philippines. 
I applaud and congratulate Meals from the 
Heartland for receiving this award and for their service to starving people around the world, in Central Iowa and elsewhere in the United States. I am proud to represent their leaders, employees, and volunteers in the United 
States Congress. I know that my colleagues join me in congratulating Meals from the Heartland and wishing them well and contin-ued success in the future. 
f 
SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS 
Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, 
agreed to by the Senate of February 4, 1977, calls for establishment of a sys-tem for a computerized schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate com-mittees, subcommittees, joint commit-tees, and committees of conference. This title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate Daily Digest—designated by the Rules Com-mittee—of the time, place and purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or changes in the meetings as they occur. 
As an additional procedure along 
with the computerization of this infor-mation, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD  
on Monday and Wednesday of each week. 
Meetings scheduled for Thursday, 
April 30, 2015 may be found in the Daily Digest of today’s R
ECORD . 
MEETINGS SCHEDULED 
MAY 5 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and 
Transportation 
Subcommittee on Surface Transportation 
and Merchant Marine Infrastructure, Safety and Security 
To hold hearings to examine surface 
transportation reauthorization, focus-ing on the importance of a long term reauthorization. 
SR–253 
Committee on Energy and Natural Re-
sources 
To hold oversight hearings to examine 
the Federal government’s role in wild-fire management, the impact of fires on communities, and potential im-provements to be made in fire oper-ations. 
SD–366 
Committee on Environment and Public 
Works 
Subcommittee on Clean Air and Nuclear 
Safety 
To hold hearings to examine the legal 
implications of the Clean Power Plan. 
SD–406 
10:30 a.m. 
Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Financial Services and 
General Government 
To hold hearings to examine proposed 
budget estimates for fiscal year 2016 for the Securities and Exchange Commis-sion and Commodity Futures Trading Commission. 
SD–138 
2:30 p.m. 
Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and 
Forestry 
To hold hearings to examine the U.S. 
Grain Standards Act. 
SR–328A Committee on Health, Education, Labor, 
and Pensions 
To hold hearings to examine precision 
medicine for patients. 
SD–430 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs 
To hold hearings to examine pending 
nominations. 
SR–418 
MAY 6 
9:30 a.m. 
Committee on Environment and Public 
Works 
To hold hearings to examine proposed 
budget estimates for fiscal year 2015 for the Fish and Wildlife Service, and S. 1036, to require the Secretary of the In-terior and the Secretary of Agriculture to provide certain Western States as-sistance in the development of state-wide conservation and management plans or the protection and recovery of sage-grouse species, S. 855, to amend the Endangered Species Act of 1973 to permit Governors of States to regulate intrastate endangered species and intrastate threatened species, S. 736, to amend the Endangered Species Act of 1973 to require disclosure to States of the basis of determinations under such Act, to ensure use of information pro-vided by State, tribal, and county gov-ernments in decisionmaking under such Act, S. 655, to prohibit the use of funds by the Secretary of the Interior to make a final determination on the listing of the northern long-eared bat under the Endangered Species Act of 1973, S. 468, to provide a categorical ex-clusion under the National Environ-mental Policy Act of 1969 to allow the Director of the Bureau of Land Man-agement and the Chief of the Forest Service to remove Pinyon-Juniper trees to conserve and restore the habi-tat of the greater sage-grouse and the mule deer, S. 293, to amend the Endan-gered Species Act of 1973 to establish a procedure for approval of certain set-tlements, S. 292, to amend the Endan-gered Species Act of 1973 to require publication on the Internet of the basis for determinations that species are en-dangered species or threatened species, S. 112, to amend the Endangered Spe-cies Act of 1973 to require the Sec-retary of the Interior to publish and make available for public comment a draft economic analysis at the time a proposed rule to designate critical habitat is published, and S. 1081, to end the use of body-gripping traps in the National Wildlife Refuge System. 
SD–406 
Committee on the Judiciary 
To hold hearings to examine ensuring an 
informed citizenry, focusing on exam-ining the Administration’s efforts to improve open government. 
SD–226 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on State, Foreign Oper-
ations, and Related Programs 
To hold hearings to examine global 
health problems. 
SD–124 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and 
Transportation 
To hold hearings to examine the nomina-
tions of Daniel R. Elliott III, of Ohio, to be a Member of the Surface Trans-portation Board, and Mario Cordero, of California, to be a Federal Maritime Commissioner. 
SR–253 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:38 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29AP8.044 E29APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E621 April 29, 2015 
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, 
and Pensions 
To hold hearings to examine reauthor-
izing the Higher Education Act, focus-ing on the role of consumer informa-tion in college choice. 
SD–430 
Committee on Homeland Security and 
Governmental Affairs 
Business meeting to consider S. 280, to 
improve the efficiency, management, and interagency coordination of the Federal permitting process through re-forms overseen by the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, S. 750, to achieve border security on cer-tain Federal lands along the Southern border, S. 282, to provide taxpayers with an annual report disclosing the cost and performance of Government programs and areas of duplication among them, S. 434, to strengthen the accountability of individuals involved in misconduct affecting the integrity of background investigations, to up-date guidelines for security clearances, to prevent conflicts of interest relating to contractors providing background investigation fieldwork services and in-vestigative support services, H.R. 623, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to authorize the Department of Homeland Security to establish a so-cial media working group, S. 179, to designate the facility of the United 
States Postal Service located at 14 3rd Avenue, NW, in Chisholm, Minnesota, as the ‘‘James L. Oberstar Memorial Post Office Building’’, S. 994, to des-ignate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1 Walter Hammond Place in Waldwick, New Jer-sey, as the ‘‘Staff Sergeant Joseph 
D’Augustine Post Office Building’’, an original bill entitled, ‘‘Integrated Pub-lic Alert and Warning System Mod-ernization Act of 2015’’, an original bill entitled, ‘‘Truth in Settlements Act of 2015’’, an original bill entitled, ‘‘Presi-dential Transitions Improvements Act of 2015’’, and the nominations of David Michael Bennett, of North Carolina, Mickey D. Barnett, of New Mexico, Stephen Crawford, of Maryland, and James C. Miller, III, of Virginia, each to be a Governor of the United States Postal Service. 
SD–342 
10:30 a.m. 
Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Department of Defense 
To hold hearings to examine proposed 
budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2016 for the Department of Defense. 
SD–192 
2:15 p.m. 
Committee on the Judiciary 
To hold hearings to examine nomina-
tions. 
SD–226 
2:30 p.m. 
Committee on Small Business and Entre-
preneurship 
To hold hearings to examine the impact 
of federal labor and safety laws on the U.S. seafood industry. 
SR–428A MAY 7 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and 
Forestry 
To hold hearings to examine child nutri-
tion programs. 
SH–216 
Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Departments of Labor, 
Health and Human Services, and Edu-cation, and Related Agencies 
To hold hearings to examine rural 
health. 
SD–124 
Committee on Homeland Security and 
Governmental Affairs 
To hold hearings to examine social 
media in the next evolution of terrorist recruitment. 
SD–342 
10:30 a.m. 
Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Commerce, Justice, 
Science, and Related Agencies 
To hold hearings to examine proposed 
budget estimates for fiscal year 2016 for the Department of Justice. 
SD–192 
MAY 12 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Energy and Natural Re-
sources 
To hold hearings to examine S. 883, to fa-
cilitate the reestablishment of domes-tic, critical mineral designation, as-sessment, production, manufacturing, recycling, analysis, forecasting, work-force, education, and research capabili-ties in the United States. 
SD–366 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:38 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\M29AP8.000 E29APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D459 Wednesday, April 29, 2015 
Daily Digest 
HIGHLIGHTS 
House and Senate met in a Joint Meeting to receive His Excellency 
Shinzo Abe, Prime Minister of Japan. 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S2491–S2542 
Measures Introduced: Thirteen bills and two reso-
lutions were introduced, as follows: S. 1126–1138, and S. Res. 154–155.
                                      Pages S2429–30 
Measures Considered: 
Protecting Volunteer Firefighters and Emergency 
Responders Act—Agreement: Senate continued 
consideration of H.R. 1191, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to ensure that emergency services volunteers are not taken into account as em-ployees under the shared responsibility requirements contained in the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, taking action on the following amend-ments proposed thereto:
                           Pages S2494–S2413 
Rejected: 
By 45 yeas to 54 nays (Vote No. 168), Corker (for 
Barrasso) Amendment No. 1147 (to Amendment No. 1140), to require a certification that Iran has not directly supported or carried out an act of ter-rorism against the United States or a United States person anywhere in the world. (A unanimous-consent agreement was reached providing that the amend-ment, having failed to achieve 60 affirmative votes, was not agreed to.)
                                            Pages S2511–13 
Pending: 
Corker/Cardin Amendment No. 1140, in the na-
ture of a substitute.                                                   Page S2494 
Corker/Cardin Amendment No. 1179 (to Amend-
ment No. 1140), to require submission of all Persian text included in the agreement.
                         Page S2494 
Blunt Amendment No. 1155 (to Amendment No. 
1140), to extend the requirement for annual Depart-ment of Defense reports on the military power of Iran.
                                                                                  Page S2494 
Vitter Modified Amendment No. 1186 (to 
Amendment No. 1179), to require an assessment of inadequacies in the international monitoring and verification system as they relate to a nuclear agree-
ment with Iran.
                                                  Pages S2505–11 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-
viding for further consideration of the bill at ap-proximately 9:30 a.m., on Thursday, April 30, 2015. 
                                                                                            Page S2541 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S2525 
Measures Referred:                                                 Page S2525 
Executive Communications:                     Pages S2525–29 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S2530–32 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S2532–40 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S2521–25 
Amendments Submitted:                                   Page S2540 
Authorities for Committees to Meet: 
                                                                                    Pages S2540–41 
Privileges of the Floor:                                        Page S2541 
Record Votes: One record vote was taken today. 
(Total—168)                                                                 Page S2512 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 9:30 a.m. and 
adjourned at 6:23 p.m., until 9:30 a.m. on Thurs-day, April 30, 2015. (For Senate’s program, see the remarks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S2541.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
APPROPRIATIONS: NATIONAL GUARD AND RESERVE 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Depart-
ment of Defense concluded a hearing to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2016 for the National Guard and Reserve, after receiving testimony from General Frank J. Grass, Chief of the National Guard, Lieutenant General 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:11 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D29AP5.REC D29APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D460 April 29, 2015 
Stanley E. Clarke III, Director of the Air National 
Guard, Major General Timothy J. Kadavy, Director of the Army National Guard, Lieutenant General Jeffrey W. Talley, Chief of the Army Reserve, Vice Admiral Robin R. Braun, Chief of the Navy Reserve, Lieutenant General James Jackson, Chief of the Air Force Reserve, and Lieutenant General Richard P. Mills, Commander, Marine Forces Reserve, all of the Department of Defense. 
YOUTH HOMELESSNESS 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Trans-
portation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies concluded a hearing to examine the Department of Housing and Urban Develop-ment’s efforts to prevent and end youth homeless-ness, after receiving testimony from Jennifer Ho, Senior Advisor to the Secretary, Department of Housing and Urban Development; Cyndi Lauper, True Colors Fund, New York, New York; Deborah Shore, Sasha Bruce Youthwork, Washington, D.C.; and Brittany Dixon, Auburn, Maine. 
APPROPRIATIONS: DEPARTMENT OF 
HOMELAND SECURITY 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Depart-
ment of Homeland Security concluded a hearing to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2016 for the Department of Homeland Security, after receiving testimony from Jeh Johnson, Secretary of Homeland Security. 
APPROPRIATIONS: ENVIRONMENTAL 
PROTECTION AGENCY 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Depart-
ment of the Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies concluded a hearing to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2016 for the Environmental Protection Agency, after receiving testimony from Gina McCarthy, Adminis-trator, Environmental Protection Agency. 
DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION REQUEST AND 
FUTURE YEARS DEFENSE PROGRAM 
Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Stra-
tegic Forces concluded open and closed hearings to examine military space programs in review of the Defense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2016 and the Future Years Defense Program, after receiv-ing testimony from Deborah Lee James, Executive Agent for Space, Secretary of the Air Force, General John E. Hyten, Commander, Air Force Space Com-mand, both of the Department of Defense; and Cristina T. Chaplain, Director, Acquisition and Sourcing Management, Government Accountability Office. PRIVATE INVESTMENT IN PUBLIC 
INFRASTRUCTURE 
Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: 
Subcommittee on Housing, Transportation, and Community Development concluded a hearing to ex-amine opportunities for private investment in public infrastructure, after receiving testimony from Calvin E. Hollis, Los Angeles County Metropolitan Trans-portation Authority Countywide Planning and De-velopment Managing Executive Officer, Pasadena, California; Colleen Campbell, Infrastructure Ontario Board of Directors Member, Montreal, Canada; and Jane F. Garvey, Meridian Infrastructure Fund, North America, New York, New York. 
FIVE YEARS AFTER DEEPWATER HORIZON 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: 
Committee concluded a hearing to examine five 
years after Deepwater Horizon, focusing on improve-ments and challenges in prevention and response, after receiving testimony from Charles Williams II, Center for Offshore Safety, Houston, Texas; Nancy E. Kinner, University of New Hampshire, Durham; Christopher M. Reddy, Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution, Woods Hole, Massachusetts; and Samantha B. Joye, University of Georgia, Athens. 
BUSINESS MEETING 
Committee on Environment and Public Works: Com-
mittee ordered favorably reported the following busi-ness items: 
S. 653, to amend the Water Resources Research 
Act of 1984 to reauthorize grants for and require ap-plied water supply research regarding the water re-sources research and technology institutes established under that Act; 
S. 611, to amend the Safe Drinking Water Act to 
reauthorize technical assistance to small public water systems; 
S. 612, to designate the Federal building and 
United States courthouse located at 1300 Victoria Street in Laredo, Texas, as the ‘‘George P. Kazen Federal Building and United States Courthouse’’; 
S. 261, to designate the United States courthouse 
located at 200 NW 4th Street in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, as the William J. Holloway, Jr. United States Courthouse; 
S. 1034, to designate the United States courthouse 
located at 501 East Court Street in Jackson, Mis-sissippi, as the ‘‘Charles Clark United States Court-house’’; and 
The nomination of Mark Scarano, of New Hamp-
shire, to be Federal Cochairperson of the Northern Border Regional Commission. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:11 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D29AP5.REC D29APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D461 April 29, 2015 
BUSINESS MEETING 
Committee on Finance: Committee ordered favorably 
reported S. 335, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to improve 529 plans. 
DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY 
BUDGET 
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-
fairs: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the 
President’s proposed budget request for fiscal year 2016 for the Department of Homeland Security, after receiving testimony from Jeh C. Johnson, Sec-retary of Homeland Security. 
BUSINESS MEETING 
Committee on Indian Affairs: Committee ordered favor-
ably reported S. 152, to prohibit gaming activities on certain Indian land in Arizona until the expira-tion of certain gaming compacts. 
TRIBAL LABOR SOVEREIGNTY ACT 
Committee on Indian Affairs: Committee concluded a 
hearing to examine S. 248, to clarify the rights of Indians and Indian tribes on Indian lands under the National Labor Relations Act, after receiving testi-mony from Richard F. Griffin, Jr., General Counsel, National Labor Relations Board; Robert J. Welch, Jr., Viejas Band of Kumeyaay Indians, Alpine, Cali-fornia; E. Paul Torres, Pueblo of Isleta, Isleta, New Mexico; Keith B. Anderson, Shakopee Mdewakanton 
Sioux Community, Prior Lake, Minnesota; and Rich-ard Guest, Native American Rights Fund, Wash-ington, D.C. 
KING VS. BURWELL AND SMALL 
BUSINESSES 
Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship: Com-
mittee concluded a hearing to examine the King vs. 
Burwell Supreme Court case and congressional action 
that can be taken to protect small businesses and their employees, after receiving testimony from Mi-chael F. Cannon, Cato Institute, Linda J. Blumberg, The Urban Institute Health Policy Center, and Jef-frey H. Anderson, The 2017 Project, all of Wash-ington, D.C. 
GAO HIGH RISK LIST AND THE VETERANS 
HEALTH ADMINISTRATION 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: Committee concluded a 
hearing to examine the Government Accountability Office’s High Risk List and the Veterans Health Ad-ministration, after receiving testimony from Debra A. Draper, Director, Health Care, Government Ac-countability Office; and John D. Daigh, Jr., Assist-ant Inspector General, Office of Healthcare Inspec-tions, and Carolyn M. Clancy, Interim Under Sec-retary for Health, Veterans Health Administration, both of the Department of Veterans Affairs. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 40 pub-
lic bills, H.R. 2082–2121; 1 private bill, H.R. 2122; and 8Usolutions, H. Res. 227–230, 232–235 were introduced.
                                                Pages H2652–55 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H2655–56 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: 
H.R. 308, to prohibit gaming activities on certain 
Indian lands in Arizona until the expiration of cer-tain gaming compacts (H. Rept. 114–95); 
Conference report on S. Con. Res. 11, setting 
forth the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025 (H. Rept. 114–96); Committee on Appropriations; Suballocation of 
Budget Allocations for Fiscal Year 2016 (H. Rept. 114–97); and 
H. Res. 231, providing for consideration of the 
bill (H.R. 1732) to preserve existing rights and re-sponsibilities with respect to waters of the United States, and for other purposes; providing for consid-eration of the conference report to accompany the concurrent resolution (S. Con. Res. 11) setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Gov-ernment for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; and providing for consideration of the joint resolution (H.J. Res. 43) disapproving the ac-tion of the District of Columbia Council in approv-ing the Reproductive Health Non-Discrimination Amendment Act of 2014.
               Pages H2516–74, H2652 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:06 Nov 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\RECORD15\APR 15\D29AP5.REC D29AP5bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D462 April 29, 2015 
Guest Chaplain: The prayer was offered by the 
Guest Chaplain, Reverend Dr. Jimmy Jackson, Whitesburg Baptist Church, Huntsville, Alabama. 
                                                                                            Page H2503 
Recess: The House recessed at 9:04 a.m. for the 
purpose of receiving His Excellency Shinzo Abe, Prime Minister of Japan. The House reconvened at 12:41 p.m., and agreed that the proceedings had during the Joint Meeting be printed in the Record. 
                                                                                            Page H2506 
Joint Meeting To Receive His Excellency Shinzo Abe, Prime Minister of Japan: The House and 
Senate met in a joint session to receive His Excel-lency Shinzo Abe, Prime Minister of Japan. He was escorted into the Chamber by a committee com-prised of Representatives McCarthy, Scalise, McMor-ris Rodgers, Walden, Messer, Foxx, Ryan, Freling-huysen, Granger, Tiberi, Nunes, Salmon, Long, Pelosi, Hoyer, Becerra, Crowley, Edwards, DeLauro, Honda, Matsui, Takano, Takai, DeGette, McDermott, and Castro; and Senators McConnell, Cornyn, Hatch, Barrasso, Blunt, Wicker, Mur-kowski, Corker, Durbin, Murray, Cardin, and Hirono.
                                                                   Pages H2503–06 
Moment of silence: The House observed a moment 
of silence for the victims of the earthquake in Nepal. 
                                                                                            Page H2515 
Suspension—Proceedings Resumed: The House 
agreed to suspend the rules and pass the following measure which was debated on Tuesday, April 29th: 
Designating the facility of the United States 
Postal Service located at 820 Elmwood Avenue in Providence, Rhode Island, as the ‘‘Sister Ann Keefe Post Office’’: H.R. 651, to designate the facility of 
the United States Postal Service located at 820 Elm-wood Avenue in Providence, Rhode Island, as the ‘‘Sister Ann Keefe Post Office’’, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay 
of 423 yeas with none voting ‘‘nay’’, Roll No. 177. 
                                                                                    Pages H2515–16 
Committee Resignation: Read a letter from Rep-
resentative Dold wherein he resigned from the Com-
mittee on Financial Services.                                Page H2574 
Committee Elections: The House agreed to H. Res. 
229, electing Members to certain standing commit-tees of the House of Representatives.
              Page H2574 
Military Construction and Veterans Affairs and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2016: The 
House began consideration of H.R. 2029, making appropriations for military construction, the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016. Consider-ation is expected to resume tomorrow, April 30. 
                                                                             Pages H2574–H2623 Agreed to: 
Stefanik amendment that increases funds, by off-
set, for acquisition, construction, installation, and equipment by $30,000,000 for activities and agen-cies of the Department of Defense;
          Pages H2586–89 
Gosar amendment that increases funds, by offset, 
for Departmental Administration General Adminis-tration in the Department of Veterans Affairs by $8,000,000;
                                                                  Page H2592 
Titus amendment that increases funds, by offset, 
for the womens health center within the VHA by $500,000;
                                                                      Page H2592 
Gosar amendment that redirects $2,000,000 in 
funding within Departmental Administration, Gen-eral Administration, Department of Veterans Affairs; 
                                                                                    Pages H2592–93 
Sinema amendment that increases, by offset, funds 
for the General Services Administration by $50,000; 
                                                                                            Page H2593 
Gosar amendment that reduces funds for Depart-
mental Administration, Department of Veterans Af-fairs by $3,200,000 and increases Information Tech-nology Systems by a similar amount;
     Pages H2593–94 
Ruiz amendment that redirects $5 million in 
funding within the General Operating Expenses, Veterans Benefits Administration account; 
                                                                                            Page H2594 
Walberg amendment that increases funding, by 
offset, for General Operating Expenses, Veterans Benefits Administration account by $5,000,000; 
                                                                                    Pages H2594–95 
LaMalfa amendment that makes sundry corrections 
to the bill;                                                              Pages H2598–99 
Jackson Lee amendment that adds a new section 
to the end of the bill revising amounts provided by the bill by reducing the amount made available for Department of Veterans Affairs-Departmental Ad-ministration-Information Technology Services and by increasing the amount made available for Veterans Health Administration-Medical Services by $2,000,000;
                                                          Pages H2606–07 
Jolly amendment that prohibits the use of funds 
to carry out the closure or transfer of the United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba; 
                                                                                            Page H2607 
Babin amendment (No. 1 printed in the Congres-
sional Record of April 28, 2015) that prohibits the use of funds to carry out the Appraised Value Offer program of the Department of Veterans Affairs; 
                                                                                    Pages H2609–10 
Rothfus amendment (No. 2 printed in the Con-
gressional Record of April 28, 2015) that prohibits the use of funds used by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to pay a performance award under section 5384 of title 5, United States Code;
       Pages H2610–12 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:11 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D29AP5.REC D29APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D463 April 29, 2015 
Jackson Lee amendment that prohibits the use of 
funds for benefits for homeless veterans and training and outreach programs maybe be used by the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs in contravention of sub-chapter III of chapter 20 of title 38, United States Code;
                                                                                Page H2612 
Roe (TN) amendment (No. 6 printed in the Con-
gressional Record of April 28, 2015) that provides that not more than $4,400,000 of the funds pro-vided may be used for the Office of Congressional and Legislative Affairs, and the amount provided under that heading is reduced by $1,500,000; 
                                                                                    Pages H2612–13 
Noem amendment that prohibits use of funds to 
end, suspend, or relocate, hospital-based services with respect to a VA health care facility that is the subject of an environmental impact statement, des-ignated as a National Historic Landmark, or located in a highly rural area;
                                             Page H2614 
Ratcliffe amendment (No. 5 printed in the Con-
gressional Record of April 28, 2015) that prohibits use of funds in the bill for a new round of Base Re-alignment and Closures (BRAC);
              Pages H2615–16 
Grayson amendment that prohibits use of funds to 
enter into a contract with any offeror;             Page H2616 
Hurd amendment that prohibits the use of funds 
in contravention of subtitle D of title VIII of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015; 
                                                                                    Pages H2616–17 
Roe (TN) amendment that prohibits the use of 
funds to pay an award or bonus to any employee of the Office of Construction and Facilities in VA, spe-cifically in the locations of Denver, Orlando, Las Vegas and New Orleans;
                                       Page H2617 
Stivers amendment that prohibits the use of funds 
to be used as salaries of orthotists and prosthetists who are not certified by a nationally accredited body; 
                                                                                    Pages H2617–18 
Byrne amendment that prohibits the use of funds 
to transfer any funds from the Veterans Choice Fund; 
                                                                                            Page H2618 
Gosar amendment that prohibits the use of funds 
to carry out the memorandum from the Veterans Benefit Administration known as Fast Letter 13–10, or to create or maintain any patient record-keeping system other than those currently approved by the Department; and
                                                Pages H2618–19 
LaMalfa amendment that provides that for an ad-
ditional amount for Department of Veterans Affairs- Departmental Administration-General Operating Ex-
penses, Veterans Administration, there is hereby ap-propriated, and the amount otherwise provided by this Act is hereby reduced by $5,000,000. 
                                                                                    Pages H2620–21 Rejected: McNerney amendment that sought to increase 
funding, by offset, for reimbursement of the General Services Administration by $177,300,000 for con-struction, major projects.
                               Pages H2591–92 
Withdrawn: Brownley (CA) amendment that was offered and 
subsequently withdrawn that would have in the De-partment of Veterans Affairs- Departmental Administration- Construction, Major Projects ac-count, struck the aggregate dollar amount and in-serted $1,143,800,000 for Department of Veterans Affairs, Construction, Major Projects;
     Pages H2595–98 
Boustany amendment that was offered and subse-
quently withdrawn that would have prohibited funds from being used to pay Veterans Affairs personnel due to backlog;
                                                   Pages H2605–06 
Adams amendment that was offered and subse-
quently withdrawn that would have provided that the General Operating Expenses, Veterans Benefits Administration account for FY 2016 may be used by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to provide discre-tionary competitive grants for State and local gov-ernments to establish or expand technology systems that develop a coordinated network of private, public and nonprofit services and resources to better serve veterans and their family members;
                 Page H2610 
Hill amendment that was offered and subse-
quently withdrawn that would have prohibited the use of funds to carry out any new Key Renewable VA Energy Project under the Department’s Green Management Programs; and
                        Pages H2619–20 
Farenthold amendment that was offered and sub-
sequently withdrawn that would have prohibited the use of funds to pay the salary of any VA employee who received an unsatisfactory work performance re-view in FY 2015.
                                                      Page H2620 
Point of Order sustained against: Bishop (GA) amendment that sought to redirect 
funding for Military Construction, Army; increase funding by $154,643,000 for Veterans Health Ad-ministration, Medical Services; increase funding by $69,691,000 for medical support and compliance; increase funding by $105,132,000 for medical facili-ties; increase funding by $10,000,000 for Depart-mental Administration; increase funding by $95,000,000 for Information Technology Systems; increase funding by $582,000,000 for Construction, Major Projects; and strike Sections 233, 238, 240, and 241. Agreed to sustain the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised against the amendment, by a recorded vote of 237 ayes to 180 noes, Roll No. 178.
                                                                          Pages H2583–86 
Gosar amendment that sought to increase, by off-
set, funds for hospital care and medical services within the VHA by $2,031,000;
              Pages H2589–91 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:11 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D29AP5.REC D29APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D464 April 29, 2015 
Benishek amendment that sought to add a new 
section to the bill requiring a report describing the status, including the timeline for completion, of each Community-Based Outpatient Clinic to be estab-lished by the Department of Veterans Affairs, through construction or lease, that is not yet com-plete be submitted to Congress;
          Pages H2599–H2600 
Mulvaney amendment that sought to strike title 
IV, which overseas Contingency Operations Depart-ment of Defense; and
                                       Pages H2600–03 
Pocan amendment that sought to prohibit use of 
funds to withhold any report of an Inspector General from any member of Congress in any case where the member of Congress has requested that such report be provided.
                                                                 Page H2614 
Proceedings Postponed: 
Van Hollen amendment that seeks to strike the 
pending paragraph pertaining to the Military Con-struction, Navy and Marine Corps;
          Pages H2602–03 
Mulvaney amendment that seeks to strike the 
pending paragraph pertaining to the Military Con-struction, Air Force;
                                                 Page H2603 
Mulvaney amendment that seeks to strike the 
pending paragraph pertaining to the Military Con-struction, Defense-Wide;
                               Pages H2603–04 
Nadler amendment that seeks to strike section 
512 from the bill pertaining to the United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba; 
                                                                                    Pages H2604–05 
Blumenauer amendment that seeks to prohibit the 
use of funds to implement, administer, or enforce Veterans Health Administration directive 2011–004 with respect to the prohibition on ‘‘VA providers for 
completing forms seeking recommendations or opin-ions regarding a Veteran’s participation in a State marijuana program’’;
                                        Pages H2607–09 
Pocan amendment that seeks to prohibit the use 
of funds to enter into a contract with any person whose disclosures of a proceeding with a disposition listed in the Federal Awardee Performance and In-tegrity Information System include the term ‘‘Fair Labor Standards Act’’;
                                     Pages H2613–14 
Hice (GA) amendment that seeks to prohibit the 
use of funds to pay a Federal Employee for any pe-riod of time during which such employee is using official time under U.S. Code; and
           Pages H2621–22 
King (IA) amendment (No. 3 printed in the Con-
gressional Record of April 28, 2015) that seeks to prohibit the use of funds to implement, administer, or enforce the prevailing wage requirements under what is commonly known as the Davis-Bacon Act. 
                                                                                    Pages H2622–23 
H. Res. 223, the rule providing for consideration 
of the bills (H.R. 2028) and (H.R. 2029) was agreed to by a yea-and-nay vote of 240 yeas to 186 nays, Roll No. 176, after the previous question was or-
dered.
                                                                               Page H2515 
Energy and Water Development and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2016: The House 
began consideration of H.R. 2028, making appro-priations for energy and water development and re-lated agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016. Consideration is expected to resume to-morrow, April 30.
                         Pages H2506–15, H2623–51 
Agreed to: 
Gosar amendment that increases funding for In-
vestigations by $1,000,000 and reduces funding for Departmental Administration by a similar amount; 
                                                                                            Page H2633 
Gosar amendment that increases funds for Con-
struction by $3,000,000 and reduces funding for De-partmental Administration by a similar amount; 
                                                                                            Page H2633 
Murphy (FL) amendment that increases funds for 
Army Corps of Engineers Construction by $1,000,000 and reduces funding for Expenses by a similar amount;
                                                  Pages H2633–34 
Duffy amendment that increases, by offset, Army 
Corp of Engineers funding for Construction by $10,000,000 for the support of GLFER; 
                                                                                    Pages H2634–35 
Huizenga (MI) amendment (No. 6 printed in the 
Congressional Record of April 28, 2015) that in-creases funds to Operations and Maintenance by $36,306,000 and reduces funding for Departmental Administration by a similar amount;
      Pages H2635–37 
Gosar amendment that reduces funding for Regu-
latory Program by $424,000 and increases funding for the Office of Inspector General by a similar amount;
                                                                          Page H2638 
Tipton amendment that increases funding for 
Water and Related Resources by $2,000,000 and re-duces funding for Departmental Administration by a similar amount;
                                                  Pages H2643–45 
Lamborn amendment that, by offset, increases 
funding for Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy by $4,000,000;
                                                   Pages H2646–47 
Bonamici amendment that increases funding for 
Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy by $9 mil-lion and reduces funding for Departmental Adminis-tration by a similar amount;
                                Page H2648 
Cohen amendment that increases funding for En-
ergy Efficiency and Renewable Energy by $2 million and reduces funding for Departmental Administra-tion by a similar amount;
                             Pages H2648–49 
Rejected: 
Beyer amendment that sought to strike section 
104 from the bill. Section 104 prohibits use of funds 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:11 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D29AP5.REC D29APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D465 April 29, 2015 
by the Corps of Engineers to develop, adopt, imple-
ment, administer, or enforce any change to the regu-lations pertaining to definitions of the terms ‘‘fill material’’ or ‘‘discharge of fill material’’; 
                                                                                    Pages H2640–41 
Beyer amendment that sought to strike section 
105 from the bill. Section 105 prohibits use of funds in the bill by the Corps of Engineers to develop, adopt, implement, administer, or enforce any change to the regulations and guidance pertaining to the definition of waters under the Federal Water Pollu-tion Control Act;
                                               Pages H2641–42 
Castor (FL) amendment that sought to increase 
funding for Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy by $266,161,000 and to reduce funding for Fossil Energy Research and Development by $355,000,000;
                                                     Pages H2645–46 
Withdrawn: Crawford amendment that was offered and subse-
quently withdrawn that would have increased fund-ing for Mississippi River and Tributaries by $27,000,000 and reduced EERE by $96,000,000; 
                                                                                    Pages H2635–37 
Rice (SC) amendment that was offered and subse-
quently withdrawn that would have decreased Regu-latory funding by $4,500,000 and increased funding for Operations and Maintenance by a similar amount; and
                                                         Pages H2637–38 
Perry amendment that was offered and subse-
quently withdrawn that would have increased fund-ing for Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy by $22,300,000 and to reduced funding for Depart-mental Administration by a similar amount. 
                                                                                            Page H2647 
Proceedings Postponed: McClintock amendment that seeks to reduce fund-
ing for sundry accounts and to apply the aggregate savings of $128,920,000 to the spending reduction account;
                                                                  Pages H2638–40 
Ruiz amendment that seeks to increase funding 
for Water and Related Resources by $5,000,000 and to reduce funding for Fossil Energy Research and Development by $2,000,000;
                     Pages H2642–43 
Griffith amendment that seeks to increase funding 
for Fossil Energy Research and Development by $5,000,000 and to reduce funding for Energy Effi-ciency and Renewable Energy by a similar amount; 
                                                                                            Page H2645 
Swalwell (CA) amendment that seeks to increase 
funding for Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy by $25,500,000 and to reduce funding for Fossil En-ergy by $34,000,000;
                                              Page H2647 
Byrne amendment that seeks to zero out funding 
for Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy and to apply the savings of $1,657,774,000 to the spending reduction account; and
                                    Pages H2649–50 McClintock amendment that seeks to zero out 
funding for Energy Efficiency and Renewable En-ergy, reduce Nuclear Energy by $691,886,000, and zero out funding for Fossil Energy and to apply the aggregate savings of $2,954,660,000 to the spending reduction account.
                                                     Page H2650 
H. Res. 223, the rule providing for consideration 
of the bills (H.R. 2028) and (H.R. 2029) was agreed to by a yea-and-nay vote of 240 yeas to 186 nays, Roll No. 176, after the previous question was or-dered.
                                                                               Page H2515 
Senate Message: Message received from the Senate 
by the Clerk and subsequently presented to the House today appear on page H2506. 
Senate Referrals: S. 304 was referred to the Com-
mittee on Energy and Commerce.
     Pages H2506, H2651 
Quorum Calls—Votes: Two yea-and-nay votes and 
one recorded vote developed during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H2515, H2515–16 and H2585–86. There were no quorum calls. 
Adjournment: The House met at 9 a.m. and ad-
journed at 11:29 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
NATIONAL FOREST SYSTEM AND ACTIVE 
FOREST MANAGEMENT 
Committee on Agriculture: Subcommittee on Conserva-
tion and Forestry held a hearing to review the Na-tional Forest System and active forest management. Testimony was heard from Tom Tidwell, Chief, For-
est Service; and public witnesses. 
PUBLIC AND OUTSIDE WITNESS DAY 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Labor, 
Health and Human Services, and Education held a hearing for public and outside witnesses. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURE 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Trans-
portation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies held a markup on Transportation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies appropriations bill, FY 2016. The bill was forwarded to the full committee, without amend-ment. 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURE 
Committee on Armed Services: Full Committee began a 
markup on H.R. 1735, the ‘‘National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:11 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D29AP5.REC D29APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D466 April 29, 2015 
EXAMINING REFORMS TO MODERNIZE 
THE MULTIEMPLOYER PENSION SYSTEM 
Committee on Education and the Workforce: Sub-
committee on Health, Employment, Labor, and Pen-sions held a hearing entitled ‘‘Examining Reforms to Modernize the Multiemployer Pension System’’. Tes-timony was heard from public witnesses. 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES 
Committee on Energy and Commerce: Full Committee 
concluded a markup on H.R. 2042, the ‘‘Ratepayer Protection Act’’; and H.R. 2045, the ‘‘Targeting Rogue and Opaque Letters (TROL) Act’’. H.R. 2042 and H.R. 2045 were both ordered reported, without amendment. 
THE IMPACT OF INTERNATIONAL 
REGULATORY STANDARDS ON THE COMPETITIVENESS OF U.S. INSURERS 
Committee on Financial Services: Subcommittee on 
Housing and Insurance held a hearing entitled ‘‘The Impact of International Regulatory Standards on the Competitiveness of U.S. Insurers’’. Testimony was heard from Michael McRaith, Director, Federal In-surance Office, Department of the Treasury; Mark Van Der Weide, Deputy Director, Division of Bank-ing Supervision and Regulation, Federal Reserve Board of Governors; and a public witness. 
LEGISLATIVE PROPOSALS TO ENHANCE 
CAPITAL FORMATION AND REDUCE REGULATORY BURDENS 
Committee on Financial Services: Subcommittee on Cap-
ital Markets and Government Sponsored Enterprises held a hearing entitled ‘‘Legislative Proposals to En-hance Capital Formation and Reduce Regulatory Burdens’’. Testimony was heard from public wit-nesses. 
THE GLOBAL MAGNITSKY HUMAN RIGHTS 
ACCOUNTABILITY ACT 
Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on Africa, 
Global Health, Global Human Rights, and Inter-national Organizations held a hearing entitled ‘‘The Global Magnitsky Human Rights Accountability Act’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
ISIS: DEFINING THE ENEMY 
Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on Ter-
rorism, Nonproliferation, and Trade held a hearing entitled ‘‘ISIS: Defining the Enemy’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
PROGRESS AND CHALLENGES IN THE 
WESTERN BALKANS 
Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on Eu-
rope, Eurasia, and Emerging Threats held a hearing entitled ‘‘Progress and Challenges in the Western 
Balkans’’. Testimony was heard from Hoyt Brian Yee, Deputy Assistant Secretary, Bureau of European and Eurasian Affairs, Department of State; Susan Fritz, Acting Assistant Administrator, Europe and Eurasia Bureau; U.S. Agency for International Devel-opment; former Member Joseph J. DioGuardi; and a public witness. 
TERRORISM IN AFRICA: THE IMMINENT 
THREAT TO THE UNITED STATES 
Committee on Homeland Security: Subcommittee on 
Counterterrorism and Intelligence held a hearing en-titled ‘‘Terrorism in Africa: The Imminent Threat to the United States’’. Testimony was heard from pub-lic witnesses. 
THE REGISTER’S PERSPECTIVE ON 
COPYRIGHT REVIEW 
Committee on the Judiciary: Full Committee held a 
hearing entitled ‘‘The Register’s Perspective on Copyright Review’’. Testimony was heard from Maria A. Pallante, Register of Copyrights and Direc-tor, U.S. Copyright Office. 
BUSINESS MEETING; BIRTHRIGHT 
CITIZENSHIP: IS IT THE RIGHT POLICY FOR AMERICA? 
Committee on the Judiciary: Subcommittee on Immi-
gration and Border Security held a business meeting to adopt rules of procedure and statement of policy for private immigration bills and statement of policy on Federal charters; and a hearing entitled ‘‘Birth-right Citizenship: Is it the Right Policy for Amer-ica?’’. The rules of procedure and statement of policy for private immigration bills and statement of policy on Federal charters were adopted. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
LEGISLATIVE MEASURE 
Committee on the Judiciary: Subcommittee on the Con-
stitution and Civil Justice held a hearing on H.R. 1927, the ‘‘Fairness in Class Action Litigation Act of 2015’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
ZERO ACCOUNTABILITY: THE 
CONSEQUENCES OF POLITICALLY DRIVEN SCIENCE 
Committee on Natural Resources: Subcommittee on 
Oversight and Investigations held a hearing entitled ‘‘Zero Accountability: The Consequences of Politi-cally Driven Science’’. Testimony was heard from Clara Beckett, Commissioner, Bastrop County, Pre-cinct 2, Bastrop, Texas; and public witnesses. 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES 
Committee on Natural Resources: Full Committee began 
a markup on H.R. 774, the ‘‘Illegal, Unreported, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:11 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D29AP5.REC D29APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D467 April 29, 2015 
and Unregulated Fishing Enforcement Act of 2015’’; 
H.R. 1214, the ‘‘National Forest Small Tracts Act Amendments Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1335, the ‘‘Strengthening Fishing Communities and Increasing Flexibility in Fisheries Management Act’’; and H.R. 1991, the ‘‘Federal Lands Recreation Enhancement Act Extension Act of 2015’’. 
FLYING UNDER THE RADAR: SECURING 
WASHINGTON D.C. AIRSPACE 
Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Full 
Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Flying Under the Radar: Securing Washington D.C. Airspace’’. Testimony was heard from Admiral William Gortney, Commander, NORAD/USNORTHCOM; Michael Huerta, Administrator, Federal Aviation Administration; Joseph Clancy, Director, Secret Serv-ice; Robert MacLean, Chief, U.S. Park Police; Kim Dine, Chief of Police, Capitol Police; Paul Irving, Sergeant at Arms, House of Representatives; and Robert G. Salesses, Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense, Homeland Defense Integration and Defense Support of Civil Authorities, Department of Defense. 
FOLLOWING THE TRAIL OF U.S. 
TAXPAYERS’ DOLLARS ABROAD: ON- BUDGET ASSISTANCE IN AFGHANISTAN 
Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Sub-
committee on National Security held a hearing enti-tled ‘‘Following the Trail of U.S. Taxpayers’ Dollars Abroad: On-Budget Assistance in Afghanistan’’. Tes-timony was heard from John Sopko, Inspector Gen-eral, Special Inspector General for Afghanistan Re-construction. 
ENCRYPTION TECHNOLOGY AND 
POTENTIAL U.S. POLICY RESPONSES 
Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Sub-
committee on Information Technology held a hear-ing entitled ‘‘Encryption Technology and Potential U.S. Policy Responses’’. Testimony was heard from Amy Hess, Executive Assistant Director, Science and Technology Branch, Federal Bureau of Investigation, Department of Justice; Daniel Conley, District At-torney, Suffolk County, Massachusetts; and public witnesses. 
REGULATORY INTEGRITY PROTECTION 
ACT OF 2015; HOUSE JOINT RESOLUTION DISAPPROVING THE ACTION OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA COUNCIL IN APPROVING THE REPRODUCTIVE HEALTH NON–DISCRIMINATION AMENDMENT ACT OF 2014; CONFERENCE REPORT TO ACCOMPANY S. CON. RES. 11 
Committee on Rules: Full Committee held a hearing on 
H.R. 1732, the ‘‘Regulatory Integrity Protection Act of 2015’’; H.J. Res. 43, disapproving the action of 
the District of Columbia Council in approving the Reproductive Health Non-Discrimination Amend-ment Act of 2014; and conference report to accom-pany S. Con. Res. 11, concurrent resolution setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025. The committee granted, by record vote of 8–3, a structured rule for H.R. 1732. The rule provides one hour of general debate equally di-vided and controlled by the chair and ranking mi-nority member of the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule makes in order as original text for the purpose of amendment an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114–13 modified by the amendment printed in part A of the Rules Committee report, and pro-vides that it shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against that amendment in the nature of a substitute. The rule makes in order only those further amendments printed in part B of the report. Each such further amendment may be of-fered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in the re-port, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. The rule waives all points of order against the amend-ments printed in part B of the report. The rule pro-vides one motion to recommit with or without in-structions. In section 2, the rule provides for consid-eration of the conference report to accompany S. Con. Res. 11. The rule waives all points of order against the conference report and against its consid-eration. The rule provides that the conference report shall be considered as read. The rule provides that the previous question shall be considered as ordered without intervention of any motion except one hour of debate. The rule provides that debate on the con-ference report is divided pursuant to clause 8(d) of rule XXII. In section 3, the rule provides that sec-tion 604(g) of the District of Columbia Home Rule Act shall not apply in the case of H.J. Res. 43. Ad-ditionally, the rule grants a closed rule for H.J. Res. 43. The rule provides one hour of debate equally di-vided and controlled by the chair and ranking mi-nority member of the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform or their respective designees. The rule waives all points of order against consider-ation of the joint resolution. The rule provides that the joint resolution shall be considered as read. The 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:11 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D29AP5.REC D29APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D468 April 29, 2015 
rule waives all points of order against provisions in 
the joint resolution. The rule provides that pursuant to section 604(h) of the Home Rule Act, a motion to recommit is not in order to the joint resolution if under consideration while the act of the D.C. Council is within the congressional review period prescribed in section 602 of such Act. Testimony was heard from Chairman Tom Price of Georgia and Representatives Gibbs, Edwards, Palmer, Yarmuth, Meadows, and Norton. 
REALITY CHECK PART II: THE IMPACT OF 
EPA’S PROPOSED OZONE STANDARDS ON RURAL AMERICA 
Committee on Science, Space, and Technology: Sub-
committee on Environment held a hearing entitled ‘‘Reality Check Part II: The Impact of EPA’s Pro-posed Ozone Standards on Rural America’’. Testi-mony was heard from Jim Reese, Secretary and Com-missioner of Agriculture, Oklahoma State Board of Agriculture; Cara Keslar, Monitoring Section Super-visor, Wyoming Department of Environmental Quality, Air Quality Division; and public witnesses. 
THE FUTURE OF COMMERCIAL MOTOR 
VEHICLE SAFETY: TECHNOLOGY, SAFETY INITIATIVES, AND THE ROLE OF FEDERAL REGULATION 
Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure: Sub-
committee on Highways and Transit held a hearing entitled ‘‘The Future of Commercial Motor Vehicle Safety: Technology, Safety Initiatives, and the Role of Federal Regulation’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
Joint Meetings 
CONCURRENT RESOLUTION ON THE BUDGET FILED 
Conferees agreed to file a conference report on the dif-
ferences between the Senate and House passed versions of S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the con-gressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR THURSDAY, 
APRIL 30, 2015 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Depart-
ments of Labor, Health and Human Services, and Edu-cation, and Related Agencies, to hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates for fiscal year 2016 for the National Institutes of Health, 10 a.m., SD–124. Committee on Armed Services: to hold hearings to examine 
United States European Command programs and budget in review of the Defense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2016 and the Future Years Defense Program, 9:30 a.m., SD–G50. 
Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: Sub-
committee on Securities, Insurance, and Investment, to hold hearings to examine insurance capital rules and Fi-nancial Stability Oversight Council (FSOC) process, 10 a.m., SD–538. 
Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: to hold hear-
ings to examine S. 703, to reauthorize the weatherization and State energy programs, S. 720, to promote energy savings in residential buildings and industry, S. 858, to amend the National Energy Conservation Policy Act to encourage the increased use of performance contracting in Federal facilities, S. 523, to coordinate the provision of energy retrofitting assistance to schools, S. 600, to require the Secretary of Energy to establish an energy efficiency retrofit pilot program, S. 723, to amend the National En-ergy Conservation Policy Act to provide guidance on util-ity energy service contracts used by Federal agencies, S. 869, to improve energy performance in Federal buildings, S. 878, to establish a State residential building energy ef-ficiency upgrades loan pilot program, S. 886, to amend the Energy Policy Act of 2005 to provide for a smart en-ergy and water efficiency pilot program, S. 888, to pro-mote Federal-State partnerships for developing regional energy strategies and plans to mitigate risks in changing energy systems, S. 893, to establish an Energy Produc-tivity Innovation Challenge (EPIC) to assist energy policy innovation in the States to promote the goal of doubling electric and thermal energy productivity by January 1, 2030, S. 939, to require the evaluation and consolidation of duplicative green building programs within the De-partment of Energy, S. 1029, to amend the Energy Policy and Conservation Act to prohibit the Secretary of Energy from prescribing a final rule amending the efficiency standards for residential non-weatherized gas furnaces or mobile home furnaces until an analysis has been com-pleted, S. 1038, to clarify that no express or implied war-ranty is provided by reason of a disclosure relating to vol-untary participation in the Energy Star program, S. 1039, to require certain agencies to conduct assessments of data centers and develop data center consolidation and optimi-zation plans to achieve energy cost savings, S. 1044, to enhance consumer access to electricity information and allow for the adoption of innovative products and services to help consumers manage their energy usage, S. 1046, to accelerate the adoption of smart building technologies in the private sector and key Federal agencies, S. 1047, to require the Secretary of Energy to review rulemaking proceedings of other Federal agencies for the potential to cause an adverse effect on the cost, time, or difficulty of complying with energy efficiency regulations, guidelines, or standards, S. 1048, to remove the authority of the Sec-retary of Energy to amend or issue new energy efficiency standards for ceiling fans, S. 1052, to require a study on the impact of State and local performance benchmarking and disclosure policies for commercial and multifamily buildings, to provide for competitive awards to utilities, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:11 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D29AP5.REC D29APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D469 April 29, 2015 
States, and units of local government, S. 1053, to amend 
the National Energy Conservation Policy Act to promote alternative fueled vehicle fleets and infrastructure, and S. 1063, to amend title VI of the Public Utility Regulatory Policies Act of 1978 to establish a Federal energy effi-ciency resource standard for electricity and natural gas suppliers, 10 a.m., SD–366. 
Subcommittee on Public Lands, Forests, and Mining, 
to hold hearings to examine the Bureau of Land Manage-ment’s final rule on hydraulic fracturing, 2:30 p.m., SD–366. 
Committee on the Judiciary: business meeting to consider 
S. 993, to increase public safety by facilitating collabora-tion among the criminal justice, juvenile justice, veterans treatment services, mental health treatment, and sub-stance abuse systems, 10 a.m., SD–226. 
Select Committee on Intelligence: to hold closed hearings to 
examine certain intelligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. 
House 
Committee on Agriculture, Full Committee, markup on 
the ‘‘United States Grains Standards Act Reauthorization Act of 2015’’; and the ‘‘Mandatory Price Reporting Act of 2015’’, 10 a.m., 1300 Longworth. 
Committee on Appropriations, Full Committee, markup on 
Legislative Branch Appropriations Bill for FY 2016, 10:30 a.m., 2359 Rayburn. 
Committee on Education and the Workforce, Subcommittee 
on Higher Education and Workforce Training, hearing entitled ‘‘Improving College Access and Completion for Low-Income and First-Generation Students’’, 10 a.m., 2175 Rayburn. 
Committee on Energy and Commerce, Subcommittee on 
Health, hearing entitled ‘‘Legislative Hearing on 21st Century Cures’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on Energy and Power, hearing entitled 
‘‘Strategic Petroleum Reserve Discussion Draft and Title IV Energy Efficiency’’, 10:15 a.m., 2322 Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on Communications and Technology, 
hearing entitled ‘‘FCC Reauthorization: Improving Com-mission Transparency’’, 2 p.m., 2123 Rayburn. 
Committee on Foreign Affairs, Subcommittee on the Mid-
dle East and North Africa, hearing entitled ‘‘Regional Impact of U.S. Policy Towards Iraq and Syria’’, 11 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on Asia and the Pacific, hearing entitled 
‘‘Bangladesh’s Fracture: Political and Religious Extre-mism’’, 2 p.m., 2255 Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on the Western Hemisphere, hearing 
entitled ‘‘Migration Crisis: Oversight of the Administra-tion’s Proposed $1 Billion Request for Central America’’, 2 p.m., 2172 Rayburn. Committee on Homeland Security, Full Committee, hearing 
entitled ‘‘Allegations of Special Access and Political Influ-ence at the Department of Homeland Security’’, 10 a.m., 311 Cannon. 
Subcommittee on Transportation Security, hearing en-
titled ‘‘A Review of Access Control Measures at Our Na-
tion’s Airports, Part II’’, 2 p.m., 311 Cannon. 
Committee on the Judiciary, Full Committee, markup on 
H.R. 2048, the ‘‘USA FREEDOM Act of 2015’’, 10 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. 
Committee on Natural Resources, Full Committee, markup 
on H.R. 774, the ‘‘Illegal, Unreported, and Unregulated Fishing Enforcement Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1214, the ‘‘Na-tional Forest Small Tracts Act Amendments Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1335, the ‘‘Strengthening Fishing Commu-nities and Increasing Flexibility in Fisheries Management Act’’; and H.R. 1991, the ‘‘Federal Lands Recreation En-hancement Act Extension Act of 2015’’ (continued), 10 a.m., 1324 Longworth. 
Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, Full Com-
mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘EPA Mismanagement’’, 9 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on Health Care, Benefits and Adminis-
trative Rules; and the Subcommittee on Monetary Policy and Trade of the Committee on Financial Services, joint hearing entitled ‘‘Examining the Export-Import Bank’s Mandates’’, 1 p.m., 2154 Rayburn. 
Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, Full Com-
mittee, markup on the ‘‘National Aeronautics and Space Administration Authorization Act for 2016 and 2017’’, 11 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. 
Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, Full Com-
mittee, markup on H.R. 1987, the ‘‘Coast Guard Author-ization Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1642, to designate the build-ing utilized as a United States courthouse located at 150 Reade Circle in Greenville, North Carolina, as the ‘‘Randy D. Doub United States Courthouse’’; and General Services Administration Capital Investment and Leasing Program Resolutions, 10:30 a.m., 2167 Rayburn. 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, Full Committee, business 
meeting to consider a motion to issue a subpoena to the Department of Veterans Affairs, to produce complete MSPB and EEO files from the Regional Office in Phila-delphia to the House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs; hearing entitled ‘‘Examining Access and Quality of Care and Services for Women Veterans’’, 10:30 a.m., 334 Can-non. 
Committee on Ways and Means, Subcommittee on 
Human Resources, hearing entitled ‘‘Next Steps for Wel-fare Reform: Ideas to Improve Temporary Assistance for Needy Families to Help More Families Find Work and Escape Poverty’’, 3 p.m., 1100 Longworth. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:11 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D29AP5.REC D29APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postage
is paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are
printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances when
two or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through
the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov , free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the
Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.
Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov . ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S.
Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made
payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing
each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents
in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from
the Congressional Record .
POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record , U.S. Government Publishing Office,
Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD470 April 29, 2015 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 
9:30 a.m., Thursday, April 30 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Thursday: Senate will continue consider-
ation of H.R. 1191, Protecting Volunteer Firefighters and Emergency Responders Act. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
10 a.m., Thursday, April 30 
House Chamber 
Program for Thursday: Complete consideration of H.R. 
2029—Military Construction and Veterans Affairs and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2016 and H.R. 2028—Energy and Water Development and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2016. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE 
Bishop, Sanford D., Jr., Ga., E612, E616 
Blumenauer, Earl, Ore., E609 Clarke, Yvette D., N.Y., E610 Coffman, Mike, Colo., E615 Costa, Jim, Calif., E613 DelBene, Suzan K., Wash., E611, E612 Diaz-Balart, Mario, Fla., E607 Fitzpatrick, Michael G., Pa., E610 Foster, Bill, Ill., E609, E617 Garrett, Scott, N.J., E619 Graves, Sam, Mo., E607, E613, E614, E614, E615, E615 Griffith, H. Morgan, Va., E618, E619, E619, E619 
Keating, William R., Mass., E610 Larsen, Rick, Wash., E611 Lieu, Ted, Calif., E609, E614 Marchant, Kenny, Tex., E617 McCollum, Betty, Minn., E617 Newhouse, Dan, Wash., E619 Olson, Pete, Tex., E608, E609, E610, E611, E613, E614, 
E615, E617, E617, E618 
Pallone, Frank, Jr., N.J., E614, E616 Perlmutter, Ed, Colo., E607, E607, E608, E609, E609, 
E609, E610, E611 
Poe, Ted, Tex., E615, E617 Poliquin, Bruce, Me., E614 
Price, David E., N.C., E613 Reichert, David G., Wash., E608, E611 Roskam, Peter J., Ill., E618 Smith, Adam, Wash., E607 Smith, Christopher H., N.J., E616 Speier, Jackie, Calif., E607, E609 Torres, Norma J., Calif., E608 Wilson, Joe, S.C., E612 Young, David, Iowa, E618, E620 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:11 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D29AP5.REC D29APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST