Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H6983 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 20, 2015 No. 153 
House of Representatives 
The House met at noon and was 
called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. M
OOLENAAR ). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF SPEAKER PRO 
TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, 
October 20, 2015. 
I hereby appoint the Honorable J OHN R. 
MOOLENAAR to act as Speaker pro tempore 
on this day. 
JOHNA. B OEHNER , 
Speaker of the House of Representatives. 
f 
MORNING-HOUR DEBATE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the order of the House of Janu-ary 6, 2015, the Chair will now recog-nize Members from lists submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate. 
The Chair will alternate recognition 
between the parties, with each party limited to 1 hour and each Member other than the majority and minority leaders and the minority whip limited to 5 minutes, but in no event shall de-bate continue beyond 1:50 p.m. 
f 
THE GRAVEYARD OF EMPIRES 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. J
ONES ) for 5 min-
utes. 
Mr. JONES. Mr. Speaker, this week-
end, I learned that there would be no cost-of-living adjustment this year for those living on Social Security. Not only will Social Security recipients not see a cost-of-living increase this year but, also, disabled veterans. 
There are over 131,000 veterans on 
disability in North Carolina who will be suffering this year. Our senior citi-zens and disabled veterans are having a difficult time making ends meet, and it 
is not fair that the Federal Govern-ment continues to waste money with failed policies like Afghanistan. It is disgraceful. 
Mr. Speaker, we will be raising the 
debt ceiling of this Nation for years to come because of wasteful spending. This means we will be borrowing more money to continue spending more than we take in. Our annual Federal deficit is still over $400 billion a year. 
The American people are sick and 
tired of our wasteful spending, and I know they are frustrated. Once again, our failed policy in Afghanistan is a prime example of the waste, fraud, and abuse of the American taxpayer dollar, but it continues on and on for years to come. 
In the recent House-Senate con-
ference bill, Congress included $38 bil-lion for the Overseas Contingency Op-eration, which is a slush fund used to get around sequestration spending caps for the Department of Defense. 
We have already spent over $685 bil-
lion in Afghanistan since 2001, and ac-cording to the Congressional Budget Office, we will be spending at least $30 billion a year in Afghanistan for the next 8 years, and Congress has never debated the policy of Afghanistan. 
This slush fund goes to fund our 
never-ending wars in Iraq, Syria, and Afghanistan. We continue to spend money on a fool’s errand in the Middle East. Meanwhile, our disabled veterans at home cannot keep up with the rising costs of daily living. President Obama will be keeping 10,000 troops in Afghan-istan through all of next year and at least 5,000 there after 2016. 
Mr. Speaker, years ago, I reached out 
to a former commandant of the Marine Corps whom I knew, and I asked him to give me his advice on Afghanistan. Many times he has given me his best advice, but one that has stuck with me for years is this—and I quote the com-mandant: ‘‘What do we say to the mother and 
father . . . the wife . . . of the last ma-rine or soldier killed to support a cor-rupt government and corrupt leader in a war that cannot be won?’’ 
Mr. Speaker, that is Afghanistan. It 
is a waste. 
How ridiculous it is that Congress 
and the administration think we can change history. The history of Afghani-stan has shown that no outside mili-tary force has ever changed it, from Alexander the Great, to the British, to the Russians. It is truly the graveyard of empires, and I hope we won’t have a headstone there, waiting, that will read, ‘‘Welcome, America, to the grave-yard of empires.’’ 
Mr. Speaker, this poster beside me is 
a reminder of the cost of war in Af-ghanistan. There is a little girl holding her mother’s hand as they are waiting to follow a caisson down to bury the little girl’s father and the wife’s hus-band. 
Congress, wake up. We are heading 
for collapse in this country. Let’s not continue to spend and waste money, blood, and limbs in Afghanistan. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask God to please 
bless our men and women in uniform, to please bless the families of our men and women in uniform, and, God, please bless America and please wake up the Congress before it is too late. 
f 
NURSING HOME ACCOUNTABILITY 
ACT 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. W
ALKER ) for 5 min-
utes. 
Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, we have 
a problem in making sure that all of our senior adult population is treated with the utmost respect and proper care. 
HUD’s Section 232 Program was in-
tended to provide Federal loan insur-ance for loans covering the needs of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:45 Oct 21, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20OC7.000 H20OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6984 October 20, 2015 
nursing homes and other elder-care fa-
cilities. However, while HUD requires these applicants to submit their latest quality ratings, which is a one-star to five-star rating from the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, or CMS, the quality rating is not a decid-ing factor. 
This has allowed nursing homes that 
provide routinely poor care to receive repeated taxpayer insurance loans. Among others, this is seen in the rise in the number and volume of one-star facilities that received HUD insurance each year from 2009 to 2012 but, also, in reports over two decades from GAO’s and HUD’s inspectors general. 
Clearly, HUD’s steps haven’t gone far 
enough to provide real reform to en-sure that taxpayer dollars do not go to nursing homes that consistently pro-vide poor care to our seniors and to our needy. We must ensure that taxpayer support is going to nursing homes that provide quality care for their residents, not to facilities that provide contin-ually deficient care. 
By linking CMS’ quality ratings to 
loan eligibility, the Nursing Home Ac-countability Act ensures that new fed-erally backed loans go to nursing homes with a demonstrated commit-ment to quality care for their resi-dents. 
Bottom line, what my bill states is 
this: 
Under CMS’ Five-Star Quality Rat-
ing System, if a nursing home receives a rating of two stars or less for 30 con-secutive months, the nursing home will then be ineligible for any future sec-tion 232 loans. 
After a nursing home becomes ineli-
gible for future section 232 loans under this Act, it can become eligible once more for future loans if the facility maintains a rating of three stars or more for 30 months. 
Regarding ratings, all nursing homes 
receive a blank slate when this law is enacted, and HUD is allowed to con-tinue to service previously issued loans 
under this law. 
I would also like to say thanks to our 
local FOX affiliate for researching the gross mismanagement of Federal funds and bringing a greater awareness of this important matter. 
Overall, I look forward to opening 
the national conversation of how we can better focus this program on the quality of care provided to our seniors and to the needy. 
f 
RECESS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until 2 p.m. today. 
Accordingly (at 12 o’clock and 8 min-
utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1400 
AFTER RECESS 
The recess having expired, the House 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. W
OMACK ) at 2 p.m. PRAYER 
The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick 
J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: 
Almighty God, we give You thanks 
for giving us another day. 
As the Members return, we ask Your 
blessing on all those who are dis-cerning significant options about lead-ership here in the people’s House. May a spirit of freedom and public responsi-bility prevail among the other voices competing for ascendancy in the con-versations and debates that ensue. 
Bless all Members with wisdom in 
good measure—pressed down, shaken together, and running over—that the legacy of great legislators of our his-tory might be carried on with integrity for the benefit of all. 
May all that is done in the people’s 
House be for Your greater honor and glory. 
Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-
nal stands approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the 
gentleman from Georgia (Mr. C ARTER ) 
come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. 
Mr. CARTER of Georgia led the 
Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
SOUTH CAROLINIANS ARE AN 
INSPIRATION 
(Mr. WILSON of South Carolina 
asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. 
Speaker, the past 2 weeks in South Carolina have been inspiring as I learned and saw spontaneous acts of thoughtfulness and compassion for flood victims. 
The thousand-year rain event was a 
disastrous collision of a weather front from the west meeting a moisture- laden trough from the east caused by Hurricane Joaquin bypassing the State, dumping 11 trillion gallons of water, inundating communities with rainfalls up to 26 inches overnight. The volume was equal to filling the Rose Bowl over 130,000 times. 
Governor Nikki Haley and National 
Guard Adjutant General Bob Living-ston, backed up by the State Guard, have continued to lead dedicated per-sonnel for safety and recovery. Colonel Kevin Shwedo will be the recovery co-ordinator. 
Individual acts of heroism arise 
daily, such as the courage of Frank Roddey, Ryan Truluck, Drew Bozard, 
and Zack Hudson, who were cited by The State for rescuing, by boat, neigh-bors from their submerged Lake Kath-erine homes. Every church and school has energized volunteers and relief ef-forts for families. 
The Salvation Army thanked Mary 
and J.T. Gandolfo with Rich O’Dell for raising over $141,000 in a WLTX tele-thon, with Columbia Rotary Club mem-bers receiving the calls. 
Homeland Security Secretary Jeh 
Johnson deserves praise for his dedi-cated FEMA personnel and SBA rep-resentatives implementing Federal as-sistance. 
In conclusion, God bless our troops, 
and the President by his actions should never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. 
f 
NATIONAL FOREST PRODUCTS 
WEEK 
(Mr. CARTER of Georgia asked and 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise today in support of National Forest Products Week. 
The forestry and wood product manu-
facturing industry support over 44,000 jobs in the State of Georgia. 
Over the past several years, many ar-
chitects around the world have dem-onstrated the successful application of next-generation lumber and mass-tim-ber technologies. These new tech-nologies are providing a new, sustain-able solution for building safe, cost ef-fective, and high-performing buildings, most of the time in densely populated cities around the world. 
By making forests sustainable and 
promoting wood product innovation, we can ensure that the wood product industry will continue to be a signifi-cant employer throughout the United States. I encourage continued support of forest lands and support for strong wood product markets so we can keep this industry healthy for future gen-erations. 
I thank those in the forest product 
industry for your continued contribu-tions to our local economy, the State of Georgia, and the entire Nation. 
f 
CONGRATULATING STUDENTS AT 
MARVIN WARD ELEMENTARY SCHOOL 
(Ms. FOXX asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, today, I rise 
to recognize the students and faculty at Marvin Ward Elementary School in Winston-Salem, North Carolina. 
With news of the destructive flooding 
in South Carolina on their minds, this title I school conducted an informal collection of supplies for those im-pacted by the devastation. In just 24 hours, the school community had come together for the people of South Caro-lina and collected clothing, blankets, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:45 Oct 21, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20OC7.002 H20OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6985 October 20, 2015 
towels, pillows, baby supplies, 
toiletries, pet food, and over 60 cases of water. 
In addition to reading, writing, and 
arithmetic, it is clear that the admin-istration and faculty have also been teaching important lessons in compas-sion and generosity, which I am sure went along very well with the lessons being learned by these students from their families. 
Ward Elementary met the call for as-
sistance with extraordinary result. Its students should be commended for their giving spirit and commitment to helping others. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CHIEF 
ADMINISTRATIVE OFFICER OF THE HOUSE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from the Chief Administrative Officer of the House of Representatives: 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , OFFICE  
OF THE CHIEF ADMINISTRATIVE OF-
FICER , 
Washington, DC, October 16, 2015. 
Hon. J OHNA. B OEHNER , 
Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
D
EARMR. SPEAKER : This is to notify you 
formally, pursuant to Rule VIII of the Rules of the House of Representatives, that I have been served with two grand jury subpoenas for documents issued by the United States District Court for the Central District of Illi-nois. 
After consultation with the Office of Gen-
eral Counsel, I have determined that compli-ance with one of the subpoenas is consistent with the privileges and rights of the House. After further consultation with counsel, I will make the determinations required by Rule VIII with respect to the second sub-poena. 
Sincerely, 
E
DCASSIDY . 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM DIRECTOR 
OF APPROPRIATIONS, THE HON-ORABLE CHAKA FATTAH, MEM-BER OF CONGRESS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from Michelle Anderson-Lee, Director of Appropriations, the Honor-able C
HAKA FATTAH , Member of Con-
gress: 
CONGRESS OF THE UNITED STATES , 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
October 16, 2015. 
Hon. J OHNA. B OEHNER , 
Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
D
EARMR. SPEAKER : This is to notify you 
formally pursuant to Rule VIII of the Rules of the House of Representatives that I have been served with a subpoena, issued by the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania, for testimony in a criminal case. 
After consultation with the Office of Gen-
eral Counsel, I have determined that compli-ance with the subpoena is consistent with the privileges and rights of the House. 
Sincerely, 
M
ICHELLE ANDERSON -LEE, 
Director of Appropriations, 
Office of Congressman Chaka Fattah. RECESS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until ap-proximately 4 p.m. today. 
Accordingly (at 2 o’clock and 7 min-
utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1600 
AFTER RECESS 
The recess having expired, the House 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. H
ULTGREN ) at 4 p.m. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, the Chair will postpone further proceedings today on motions to suspend the rules on which a recorded vote or the yeas and nays are ordered, or on which the vote incurs objection under clause 6 of rule XX. 
Record votes on postponed questions 
will be taken later. 
f 
JUDICIAL REDRESS ACT OF 2015 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I 
move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1428) to extend Privacy Act remedies to citizens of certified states, and for other purposes. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1428 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Judicial Re-
dress Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. EXTENSION OF PRIVACY ACT REMEDIES 
TO CITIZENS OF DESIGNATED COUN-TRIES. 
(a) C IVIL ACTION ; CIVIL REMEDIES .—With 
respect to covered records, a covered person may bring a civil action against an agency and obtain civil remedies, in the same man-ner, to the same extent, and subject to the same limitations, including exemptions and exceptions, as an individual may bring and obtain with respect to records under— 
(1) section 552a(g)(1)(D) of title 5, United 
States Code, but only with respect to disclo-sures intentionally or willfully made in vio-lation of section 552a(b) of such title; and 
(2) subparagraphs (A) and (B) of section 
552a(g)(1) of title 5, United States Code, but such an action may only be brought against a designated Federal agency or component. 
(b) E
XCLUSIVE REMEDIES .—The remedies 
set forth in subsection (a) are the exclusive remedies available to a covered person under this section. 
(c) A
PPLICATION OF THE PRIVACY ACTWITH 
RESPECT TO A COVERED PERSON .—For pur-
poses of a civil action described in sub-section (a), a covered person shall have the same rights, and be subject to the same limi-tations, including exemptions and excep-tions, as an individual has and is subject to under section 552a of title 5, United States Code, when pursuing the civil remedies de-scribed in paragraphs (1) and (2) of sub-section (a). 
(d) D
ESIGNATION OF COVERED COUNTRY .— (1) I N GENERAL .—The Attorney General 
may, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, the Secretary of the Treasury, and the Secretary of Homeland Security, des-ignate a foreign country or regional eco-nomic integration organization, or member country of such organization, as a ‘‘covered country’’ for purposes of this section if— 
(A) the country or regional economic inte-
gration organization, or member country of such organization, has entered into an agree-
ment with the United States that provides for appropriate privacy protections for infor-mation shared for the purpose of preventing, investigating, detecting, or prosecuting criminal offenses; or 
(B) the Attorney General has determined 
that the country or regional economic inte-gration organization, or member country of such organization, has effectively shared in-formation with the United States for the purpose of preventing, investigating, detect-ing, or prosecuting criminal offenses and has appropriate privacy protections for such shared information. 
(2) R
EMOVAL OF DESIGNATION .—The Attor-
ney General may, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, the Secretary of the Treasury, and the Secretary of Homeland Se-curity, revoke the designation of a foreign country or regional economic integration or-ganization, or member country of such orga-nization, as a ‘‘covered country’’ if the At-torney General determines that such des-ignated ‘‘covered country’’— 
(A) is not complying with the agreement 
described under paragraph (1)(A); 
(B) no longer meets the requirements for 
designation under paragraph (1)(B); or 
(C) impedes the transfer of information 
(for purposes of reporting or preventing un-lawful activity) to the United States by a private entity or person. 
(e) D
ESIGNATION OF DESIGNATED FEDERAL  
AGENCY OR COMPONENT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Attorney General 
shall determine whether an agency or com-ponent thereof is a ‘‘designated Federal agency or component’’ for purposes of this section. The Attorney General shall not des-ignate any agency or component thereof other than the Department of Justice or a component of the Department of Justice without the concurrence of the head of the relevant agency, or of the agency to which the component belongs. 
(2) R
EQUIREMENTS FOR DESIGNATION .—The 
Attorney General may determine that an agency or component of an agency is a ‘‘des-ignated Federal agency or component’’ for purposes of this section, if— 
(A) the Attorney General determines that 
information exchanged by such agency with a covered country is within the scope of an agreement referred to in subsection (d)(1)(A); or 
(B) with respect to a country or regional 
economic integration organization, or mem-ber country of such organization, that has been designated as a ‘‘covered country’’ under subsection (d)(1)(B), the Attorney Gen-eral determines that designating such agen-cy or component thereof is in the law en-forcement interests of the United States. 
(f) F
EDERAL REGISTER REQUIREMENT ; NON-
REVIEWABLE DETERMINATION .—The Attorney 
General shall publish each determination made under subsections (d) and (e). Such de-termination shall not be subject to judicial or administrative review. 
(g) J
URISDICTION .—The United States Dis-
trict Court for the District of Columbia shall have exclusive jurisdiction over any claim arising under this section. 
(h) D
EFINITIONS .—In this Act: 
(1) A GENCY .—The term ‘‘agency’’ has the 
meaning given that term in section 552(f) of title 5, United States Code. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:45 Oct 21, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20OC7.004 H20OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6986 October 20, 2015 
(2) C OVERED COUNTRY .—The term ‘‘covered 
country’’ means a country or regional eco-nomic integration organization, or member country of such organization, designated in accordance with subsection (d). 
(3) C
OVERED PERSON .—The term ‘‘covered 
person’’ means a natural person (other than an individual) who is a citizen of a covered country. 
(4) C
OVERED RECORD .—The term ‘‘covered 
record’’ has the same meaning for a covered person as a record has for an individual under section 552a of title 5, United States Code, once the covered record is trans-ferred— 
(A) by a public authority of, or private en-
tity within, a country or regional economic organization, or member country of such or-ganization, which at the time the record is transferred is a covered country; and 
(B) to a designated Federal agency or com-
ponent for purposes of preventing, inves-tigating, detecting, or prosecuting criminal offenses. 
(5) D
ESIGNATED FEDERAL AGENCY OR COMPO -
NENT .—The term ‘‘designated Federal agency 
or component’’ means a Federal agency or component of an agency designated in ac-cordance with subsection (e). 
(6) I
NDIVIDUAL .—The term ‘‘individual’’ has 
the meaning given that term in section 552a(a)(2) of title 5, United States Code. 
(i) P
RESERVATION OF PRIVILEGES .—Nothing 
in this section shall be construed to waive any applicable privilege or require the dis-closure of classified information. Upon an agency’s request, the district court shall re-view in camera and ex parte any submission by the agency in connection with this sub-section. 
(j) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—This Act shall take 
effect 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ) and the gen-
tleman from Tennessee (Mr. C OHEN ) 
each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Virginia. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous mate-rials on H.R. 1428 currently under con-sideration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Virginia? 
There was no objection. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
I would like to begin by thanking Mr. 
S
ENSENBRENNER and Ranking Member 
CONYERS for introducing this impor-
tant bipartisan legislation to extend privacy protections and help ensure that the flow of law enforcement infor-mation between the European Union and the United States continues unimpeded. 
In recent years, several broad and 
highly publicized leaks of classified U.S. intelligence information have eroded the global public’s trust in the United States Government and our technology sector. As a result, both the Federal Government and U.S. busi-nesses that operate overseas are facing growing challenges from proposals to 
limit the international flow of data. 
Our allies in Europe, in particular, 
are concerned that the European public will no longer support law enforcement cooperation with U.S. authorities if we do not enact legislation to restore their public’s trust in U.S. privacy pro-tections. 
Moreover, American businesses 
across all sectors face negative com-mercial consequences abroad as a re-sult of the climate that has been cre-ated by the unauthorized disclosure of classified data. 
H.R. 1428, the Judicial Redress Act, 
can go a long way toward restoring our allies’ faith in U.S. data privacy pro-tections and helping facilitate agree-ments such as the Data Privacy and Protection Agreement that enhance international cooperation. 
According to the Department of Jus-
tice, the Judicial Redress Act is crit-ical to reestablishing a trusting rela-tionship between the European Union and the United States, to ensuring con-tinued strong law enforcement co-operation between the United States and Europe, and to preserving the abil-ity of American companies to do busi-ness internationally. 
The Judicial Redress Act accom-
plishes this by granting citizens of des-ignated foreign countries a limited number of civil remedies against the Federal Government, similar to those already provided U.S. citizens and law-ful permanent residents under the Pri-vacy Act. 
This legislation is narrowly tailored 
in that it only applies with respect to information obtained through inter-national law enforcement channels. Any lawsuit brought pursuant to this bill is subject to the same terms and restrictions that apply to U.S. citizens and lawful permanent residents under the Privacy Act. 
If this legislation is enacted, citizens 
of designated foreign governments will be able to sue the United States in Fed-eral District Court with respect to in-tentional and willful public disclosures of law enforcement information by the Federal Government that injure those citizens. 
Additionally, for information that is 
not subject to an exemption under the Privacy Act, covered foreign citizens will be able to seek redress for failures by the Federal Government to grant access to records or to amend incorrect records. American citizens are already afforded these types of judicial redress rights in many foreign countries. 
Although these may be limited civil 
remedies against the United States Government, they will provide Euro-pean citizens with the core benefits of the Privacy Act and, in doing so, will greatly help to restore the public trust necessary for the continued success of our law enforcement cooperation with Europe. 
The bill will also facilitate adoption 
of the Data Privacy and Protection Agreement and promote a healthy en-vironment for U.S. companies that do 
business overseas. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
legislation. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COM-
MITTEE ON OVERSIGHT AND GOV-
ERNMENT REFORM , 
Washington, DC, October 6, 2015. 
Hon. B OBGOODLATTE , 
Chairman, Committee on the Judiciary, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : I write concerning 
H.R. 1428, the Judicial Redress Act of 2015. As you know, the Committee on the Judiciary received an original referral and the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Reform a secondary referral when the bill was intro-duced on March 18, 2015. I recognize and ap-preciate your desire to bring this legislation before the House of Representatives in an ex-peditious manner, and accordingly, the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Reform will forego action on the bill. 
The Committee takes this action with our 
mutual understanding that by foregoing con-sideration of H.R. 1428 at this time, we do not waive any jurisdiction over the subject matter contained in this or similar legisla-tion. Further, I request your support for the appointment of conferees from the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Reform during any House-Senate conference con-vened on this or related legislation. 
Finally, I would ask that a copy of our ex-
change of letters on this matter be included in the bill report filed by the Committee on the Judiciary, as well as in the Congres-sional Record during floor consideration, to memorialize our understanding. 
Sincerely, 
J
ASON CHAFFETZ , 
Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY , 
Washington, DC, October 6, 2015. 
Hon. J ASON CHAFFETZ , 
Chairman, Committee on Oversight and Govern-
ment Reform, Washington, DC. 
DEARCHAIRMAN CHAFFETZ : Thank you for 
your letter regarding H.R. 1428, the ‘‘Judicial Redress Act of 2015.’’ As you noted, the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Reform was granted an additional referral on the bill. 
I am most appreciative of your decision to 
forego formal action on H.R. 1428 so that it may proceed expeditiously to the House floor. I acknowledge that although you waived formal consideration of the bill, the Committee on the Oversight and Govern-ment Reform is in no way waiving its juris-diction over the subject matter contained in those provisions of the bill that fall within your Rule X jurisdiction. I would support your effort to seek appointment of an appro-priate number of conferees on any House- Senate conference involving this legislation. 
I will include a copy of our letters in the 
Committee’s report on H.R. 1428 and in the Congressional Record during floor consider-ation of H.R. 1428. 
Sincerely, 
B
OBGOODLATTE , 
Chairman. 
Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, this legislation before 
us today is good for national security, good for privacy, and good for business. It is unquestionably the right thing to do for our Nation’s closest allies. 
Under current law, United States 
citizens are entitled to access and re-quest a correction to personal records 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:45 Oct 21, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20OC7.004 H20OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6987 October 20, 2015 
held by a Federal agency. If the agency 
denies access or fails to make a re-quested change or otherwise violates their privacy rights, then we may seek redress in Federal court. 
Under current law, these rights are 
conveyed only to United States citi-zens and not to the citizens of our clos-est allies, even though many European countries offer our citizens similar rights overseas, probably somewhat like the Europeans give our folks mon-eys when they record a song and play it over there, but we don’t. We should have that same reciprocity and fair-ness. 
H.R. 1428, the Judicial Redress Act, 
will extend these core privacy protec-tions to the citizens of certain foreign countries, those designated by the At-torney General as trusted allies. This small change to our laws will afford immediate benefits both at home and abroad. 
This act will facilitate information- 
sharing partnerships with law enforce-ment agencies across the globe. We know from experience that open lines of communication with our allies yield intelligence and save lives. 
The act will enable the U.S. and the 
European Union to complete an um-brella agreement to govern informa-tion sharing across the Atlantic for law enforcement and counterterrorism pur-poses. This agreement, which would in-clude significant protections for indi-vidual privacy, would not go into effect until we have made these changes. 
Earlier this year a coalition of com-
panies, trade associations, and civil rights organizations wrote to the lead-ership of both parties to outline the economic cost of ‘‘a significant erosion of global public trust in both the U.S. Government and the U.S. technology sector.’’ Their fears appear to have been well founded. 
Earlier this month, citing concerns 
about insufficient privacy safeguards in the United States, the European Court of Justice effectively suspended the safe harbor agreement that allows companies to move digital information across the Atlantic. 
Although there is far more work to 
be done to restore the agreement, I hope that our allies will take this leg-islation as a sign of good faith and rec-ognize that a basic right to privacy ex-tends beyond our borders and we will work to restore the public trust nec-essary for the continued success of U.S. industry overseas. 
The Judicial Redress Act is sup-
ported by the White House, the Depart-ment of Justice, and other Federal law enforcement agencies. It has been en-dorsed by the Chamber of Commerce, Information Technology Industry Council, Facebook, Google, Microsoft, and IBM, among others. 
At base, this bill is a measure of 
basic fairness. Our friends abroad should have some course of redress with respect to information that they provided to the U.S. Government in the first place. We all benefit when the information 
we share is accurate. Our partners in trade and security should have the ability to seek recourse when it is not. 
I thank Representative S
ENSEN -
BRENNER for his leadership on this 
issue, for his leadership on many issues, including sentencing reform, for his extreme knowledge of the world, and for sharing it with me on occasion. I thank Mr. G
OODLATTE for those same 
talents and achievements. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
bill. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. S
ENSENBRENNER ), the 
chairman of the Subcommittee on Crime, Terrorism, Homeland Security, and Investigations of the Committee on the Judiciary, and the chief sponsor of this legislation. 
Mr. SENSENBRENNER. Mr. Speak-
er, strong international relationships abroad are critical to the safety and advancement of the United States. That is why I was pleased to introduce the Judicial Redress Act of 2015 with Ranking Member J
OHNCONYERS and to 
speak in favor of it today. 
For many years, the United States 
and the European Union have worked together to secure data protection for their citizens under agreements known as safe harbor. Earlier this month, however, the European Court of Justice issued a landmark ruling invalidating the agreement because of privacy con-cerns. 
The European court’s ruling illus-
trates how fragile trust between na-tions can be. It is easily lost and hard to rebuild. Moreover, this lack of trust has had huge economic and security consequences for the United States. Our businesses have struggled against public backlash and protectionist poli-cies, and our government has faced in-creasingly difficult negotiations to share law enforcement and intelligence data. 
The Judicial Redress Act of 2015 is 
central to our efforts to rebuild strained relationships with our allies and to ensure privacy and security for both American and European Union citizens. The sudden termination of the 
safe harbor framework strikes a blow to U.S. businesses by complicating commercial data flows. If we fail to pass the Judicial Redress Act, we risk similar disruption to the sharing of law enforcement information. 
In many ways, the Judicial Redress 
Act is a privacy bill. It is backed and supported by many of our country’s top privacy advocates. But make no mis-take. The bill is crucial to U.S. law en-forcement. At the heart of the Judicial Redress Act is the pressing need for the continued sharing of law enforcement data across the Atlantic. 
In our complex digital world, privacy 
and security are not competing values. They are weaved together inseparably, and today’s policymakers must craft legal frameworks that support both. This bill provides our allies with lim-
ited remedies relative to the data they share with the United States, similar to those American citizens enjoy under the Privacy Act. It is a way to support our foreign allies and to ensure the continued sharing of law enforcement data. 
Specifically, the bill will give citi-
zens of covered countries the ability to correct flawed information in their record and access U.S. courts if the U.S. Government unlawfully discloses their personal information. 
As United States citizens, we already 
enjoy similar protections in Europe. Granting these rights to our closest al-lies and their citizens will be a positive step forward in restoring our inter-national reputation and rebuilding trust. 
In fact, our European colleagues have 
noted that the passage of the Judicial Redress Act is critical to negotiating a new agreement, central to their will-ingness to continue sharing law en-forcement data with the United States and necessary to improving relations between nations. 
If we fail to pass this bill, we will un-
dermine several important inter-national agreements, further harm our businesses operating in Europe, and se-verely limit sharing of law enforce-ment information. 
The Judicial Redress Act currently 
enjoys broad support and has been en-dorsed by the Department of Justice as well as the Chamber of Commerce and numerous U.S. businesses. 
I would like to thank my colleagues, 
Representatives J
OHNCONYERS , RANDY  
FORBES , and G LENN THOMPSON , for co-
sponsoring this legislation, as well as Senators O
RRIN HATCH and C HRIS-
TOPHER MURPHY for their work on com-
panion legislation in the Senate. 
The Judicial Redress Act amounts to 
a small courtesy that will pay huge diplomatic and economic dividends. I urge my colleagues to pass this impor-tant bill and my colleagues in the Sen-ate to take it up without delay. 
Let’s put the President’s infamous 
pen to good use by signing this legisla-tion. 
Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, I will per-
functorily reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. C
OLLINS ), a member of the 
Committee on the Judiciary. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, it is important, I think, to come over here and discuss H.R. 1428, the Ju-dicial Redress Act. Echoing a lot that has been said already, this is a great starting point for, really, a broader conversation about privacy rights and a conversation that is sorely needed. 
I supported this bill when it passed 
the Committee on the Judiciary unani-mously, and I am proud to support it today. The bill extends the same rights afforded to Americans under the 1974 Privacy Act to citizens of certain al-lied nations. Importantly, only citizens 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:45 Oct 21, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20OC7.009 H20OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6988 October 20, 2015 
of countries who extend similar rights 
to Americans for redress for privacy violations are eligible. 
As everyone here is aware, revela-
tions about U.S. surveillance oper-ations created serious trust issues, and both the government and tech sectors experienced a decline in that global trust. Advances in technology and in-novation have made it possible and necessary for law enforcement to ex-change information, but it should not be done at the expense of privacy rights. 
In order to restore global trust and 
ensure continued competitiveness for our thriving tech industry, we must work to restore consumers’ faith that their data is secure in U.S. tech compa-nies and their privacy rights are pro-tected. 
b1615 
The United States tech industry em-
ployed an estimated 6.5 million people in 2014 and made up a large 7.1 percent of the U.S. GDP, which is going to do nothing but grow. 
The free flow of transnational data is 
critical for the continued success of this industry that contributes in such a major way to our economy. We have to show our allies that they can be con-fident sharing data across the oceans and the various barriers. 
The Judicial Redress Act is a step to-
ward regaining trust and rebuilding co-operation with our allies, ensuring that U.S. businesses can continue to grow and thrive internationally. H.R. 1428 is particularly important because the U.S. and the EU have negotiated the Data Protection and Privacy Agree-ment for the last 2 years. 
During the negotiations over the 
agreement, the EU Parliament and EU Commission made clear that the Safe Harbor Agreement would not be final-ized absent U.S. enactment of a law to 
enable EU citizens to sue the U.S. Gov-ernment for major privacy violations. With the European Court of Justice Ruling on the Safe Harbor Agreement, it is more important than ever that we create solutions that work for today’s ever-changing tech industry, from the small companies to the household names. It is also critical that we work with our allies to create a clear stand-ard for governing the privacy of per-sonal information to ensure strong and cooperative exchanges between law en-forcement. 
Laws and agreements written before 
many of today’s innovations even ex-isted are due for an update, and this bill is an important first step that I am proud to support. I am thankful that the chairman has brought it forward for this body to put its stamp on and send to the Senate so that it will be taken up and then sent to the Presi-dent so that we will continue to move forward in the protection of privacy rights for all Americans and our com-panies. 
Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, I appre-
ciate being part of this bill, and thank you for your efforts. I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I 
again reiterate, this bill is a good bill. It is a very important bill that will help promote law enforcement coopera-tion around the globe and will help U.S. companies that do business over-seas to be able to better obtain the re-spect and trust of foreign governments and foreign citizens, so I urge my col-leagues to support this legislation. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ) that the House suspend 
the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1428. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
SECURING THE CITIES ACT OF 2015 
Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, I move 
to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3493) to amend the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 to establish the Se-curing the Cities program to enhance the ability of the United States to de-tect and prevent terrorist attacks and other high consequence events utilizing nuclear or other radiological materials that pose a high risk to homeland secu-rity in high-risk urban areas, and for other purposes, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3493 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Securing the 
Cities Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. SECURING THE CITIES PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title XIX of the Home-
land Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 591 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new section: 
‘‘SEC. 1908. SECURING THE CITIES PROGRAM. 
‘‘(a) E STABLISHMENT .—The Director for Do-
mestic Nuclear Detection shall establish the ‘Securing the Cities’ (‘STC’) program to en-hance the ability of the United States to de-tect and prevent terrorist attacks and other high consequence events utilizing nuclear or other radiological materials that pose a high risk to homeland security in high-risk urban areas. Through such program the Director shall— 
‘‘(1) assist State, local, tribal, and terri-
torial governments in designing and imple-menting, or enhancing existing, architec-tures for coordinated and integrated detec-tion and interdiction of nuclear or other ra-diological materials that are out of regu-latory control; 
‘‘(2) support the development of a region- 
wide operating capability to detect and re-port on nuclear and other radioactive mate-rials out of operational control; 
‘‘(3) provide resources to enhance detec-
tion, analysis, communication, and coordina-tion to better integrate State, local, tribal, and territorial assets into Federal oper-ations; 
‘‘(4) facilitate alarm adjudication and pro-
vide subject matter expertise and technical assistance on concepts of operations, train-
ing, exercises, and alarm response protocols; 
‘‘(5) communicate with, and promote shar-
ing of information about the presence or de-tection of nuclear or other radiological ma-terials among appropriate Federal, State, local, tribal, and territorial governments, in a manner that ensures transparency with the jurisdictions served by such program; and 
‘‘(6) provide any other assistance the Di-
rector determines appropriate. 
‘‘(b) D
ESIGNATION OF JURISDICTIONS .—In 
carrying out the program under subsection (a), the Director shall designate jurisdictions from among high-risk urban areas under sec-tion 2003, and other cities and regions, as ap-propriate. 
‘‘(c) C
ONGRESSIONAL NOTIFICATION .—The Di-
rector shall notify the Committee on Home-land Security and the Committee on Appro-priations of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs and the Com-mittee on Appropriations of the Senate not later than three days before the designation of new jurisdictions under subsection (b) or other changes to participating jurisdictions. 
‘‘(d) GAO R
EPORT .—Not later than one year 
after the date of the enactment of this sec-tion, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the congressional committees specified in subsection (c) an as-sessment, including an evaluation of the ef-fectiveness, of the STC program under this section. 
‘‘(e) P
ROHIBITION ON ADDITIONAL FUNDING .— 
No funds are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section. This section shall be carried out using amounts otherwise ap-propriated or made available for such pur-pose.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 1907 the following new item: 
‘‘Sec. 1908. Securing the Cities program.’’. 
SEC. 3. MODEL EXERCISES. 
Not later than 120 days after the date of 
the enactment of this Act, the Director for Domestic Nuclear Detection of the Depart-ment of Homeland Security shall report to the Committee on Homeland Security and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate on the feasibility of the Direc-tor developing model exercises to test the preparedness of jurisdictions participating in the Securing the Cities program under sec-tion 1908 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (as added by section 2 of this Act) in meeting the challenges that may be posed by a range of nuclear and radiological threats. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from New York (Mr. D
ONOVAN ) and the gen-
tleman from New York (Mr. H IGGINS ) 
each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from New York (Mr. D ONOVAN ). 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude any extraneous material on the bill under consideration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from New York? 
There was no objection. Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:45 Oct 21, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20OC7.010 H20OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6989 October 20, 2015 
I rise today in support of H.R. 3493, 
the Securing the Cities Act of 2015. 
In April 2010, the President stated: 
‘‘The single biggest threat to U.S. secu-rity, both short-term, mid-term and long-term, would be the possibility of a terrorist organization obtaining a nu-clear weapon.’’ 
Since that time, the threat to our 
cities from nuclear terrorism has not abated. The rise of ISIS and the resur-gence of al Qaeda have only increased the likelihood that radiological mate-rial will fall into the hands of those who wish to harm America. 
Just last week, the Associated Press 
reported that the FBI foiled an at-tempt by smugglers in Eastern Europe to sell nuclear material to Middle Eastern extremist groups. That report stated that, in the past 5 years, the FBI has disrupted four other attempts by smugglers from the former Soviet Union to sell nuclear materials to criminal organizations. 
These events only reinforce the testi-
mony delivered before the House Com-mittee on Homeland Security last month by Commissioner William Bratton of the New York City Police Department. In that testimony, the commissioner described the current terrorist threat to Manhattan as the highest it has ever been, and he specifi-cally referenced the danger of illicit nuclear material entering the city. 
Thankfully, since the attacks of Sep-
tember 11, 2001, this Congress, succes-sive administrations, and local law en-forcement have partnered to build the capability to guard against this risk. 
In particular, the Department of 
Homeland Security initiated the Se-curing the Cities program within the Domestic Nuclear Detection Office. The Securing the Cities program pro-vided training, equipment, and other resources to State and local law en-forcement in high-risk urban areas to prevent a terrorist group from carrying out an attack using a radiological or nuclear device. 
The Securing the Cities program 
began in 2006 as a pilot program in the New York City region, which included Jersey City and Newark. Since 2007, the New York City region has pur-chased nearly 14,000 radiation detectors and has trained nearly 20,000 personnel. 
The pilot program has been so suc-
cessful, it was expanded to the Los An-geles-Long Beach region in fiscal year 2012, the national capital region in fis-cal year 2014, and just last week the cities of Houston and Chicago were an-nounced as the fiscal year 2015 and 2016 recipients. 
H.R. 3493 would authorize the Secur-
ing the Cities program, which has prov-en its utility as a pilot program. With continued authorization, we can assure that the extraordinary capability built by local law enforcement in conjunc-tion with DHS does not become a hol-low capability, unable to be effectively used at the critical moment. 
I would like to thank my colleagues 
who have helped bring this authoriza-tion to the floor, especially Chairman 
M
CCAUL of the Homeland Security 
Committee, and my good friend P ETE 
KING, and also my friend from Texas 
Representative J ACKSON LEE. 
I urge all Members to join me in sup-
porting this bill. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HIGGINS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume, and rise in support of H.R. 3493, Secur-ing the Cities Act of 2015. 
Mr. Speaker, the Securing the Cities 
program is a grant and technical as-sistance program administered by the Department of Homeland Security’s Domestic Nuclear Detection Office. Since its inception nearly a decade ago, the Securing the Cities program has provided thousands of first re-sponders with the tools they need to detect radiological and nuclear threats. 
Started as a pilot project in 2006 in 
the New York City, Newark, and New Jersey metropolitan areas, the pro-gram has grown to include Los Angeles and Long Beach in 2012, and the Wash-ington, D.C., Federal district in 2014. This year, the program has identified Houston and Chicago as high-priority areas for expanding the program. 
Under the program, the initial grant 
award is generally used for planning and analysis at a regional level, with subsequent grants going towards equip-ment, training, and exercises. Impor-tantly, through the Securing the Cities program, the Domestic Nuclear Detec-tion Office is able to channel subject- matter expertise, training coordina-tion, and technical support to all the identified high-risk metropolitan areas. 
H.R. 3493, like the bill I introduced 
that will be next to be considered, is targeted at bolstering the security of our communities from the threat of a nuclear attack. As such, Mr. Speaker, I urge support of H.R. 3493. 
We have an opportunity today to 
take action to bolster our defense against rogue actors and terrorists who would seek to detonate a nuclear de-vice on U.S. soil. The disclosure in re-cent weeks of a thwarted plot by Moldovan operatives to provide smug-gled nuclear materials to terrorist or-ganizations with ambition to attack the United States has crystallized the need for action. Today, we can take such action. By approving H.R. 3493 and authorizing the Securing the Cities program, we will be enhancing the Na-tion’s ability to detect and prevent a radiological and nuclear attack in cit-ies facing the highest risk. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I once again urge my 
colleagues to support H.R. 3493, the Se-curing the Cities Act of 2015. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. D
ONOVAN ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3493, as 
amended. 
The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the 
opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, on that 
I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
KNOW THE CBRN TERRORISM 
THREATS TO TRANSPORTATION ACT 
Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, I move 
to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3350) to require a terrorism threat assessment regarding the trans-portation of chemical, biological, nu-clear, and radiological materials through United States land borders and within the United States, and for other purposes. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3350 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Know the 
CBRN Terrorism Threats to Transportation Act’’. 
SEC. 2. TERRORISM THREAT ASSESSMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 90 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security, acting through the Under Secretary of Intelligence and Analysis, shall conduct a terrorism threat assessment of the transportation of chemical, biological, nuclear, and radio-logical materials through United States land borders and within the United States. 
(b) C
ONSULTATION .—In preparing the ter-
rorism threat assessment required under subsection (a), the Under Secretary for Intel-ligence and Analysis shall consult with the Administrator of the Transportation Secu-rity Administration, the Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection, and the heads of other Federal departments and agencies, as appropriate, to ensure that such terrorism threat assessment is informed by current information about homeland secu-rity threats. 
(c) D
ISTRIBUTION .—Upon completion of the 
terrorism threat assessment required under subsection (a), the Under Secretary for Intel-ligence and Analysis shall disseminate such terrorism threat assessment to Federal part-ners, including the Department of Transpor-tation and the Department of Energy, and State and local partners, including the Na-tional Network of Fusion Centers. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from New York (Mr. D
ONOVAN ) and the gen-
tleman from New York (Mr. H IGGINS ) 
each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from New York (Mr. D ONOVAN ). 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude any extraneous material on the bill under consideration. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:45 Oct 21, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20OC7.013 H20OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6990 October 20, 2015 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from New York? 
There was no objection. Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support 
of H.R. 3350, the Know the CBRN Ter-rorism Threats to Transportation Act, introduced by the gentleman from New York (Mr. H
IGGINS ). 
This bill requires the Department of 
Homeland Security, through the Office of Intelligence and Analysis, to con-duct a terrorism threat assessment of the transportation of chemical, bio-logical, nuclear, and radiological mate-rials across our land borders and with-in the United States. 
As a fellow New Yorker, I share Con-
gressman H
IGGINS ’ security concerns 
related to the transportation of spent nuclear fuel across the Canadian-New York border. It is an appropriate re-sponse to have the Department of Homeland Security conduct a risk as-sessment related to this initiative. 
DHS is responsible for assessing po-
tential terror threats against the homeland. Threats related to CBRN materials are one of the most serious. 
Terrorist groups have long had an in-
terest in using CBRN materials. In ad-dition to concerns that terror groups may try to create or purchase CBRN materials, there are concerns that ter-rorists could exploit such materials with legitimate commercial uses, in-cluding when such materials are trans-ported from one location to another. It is this concern that the bill seeks to address. 
The bill also directs that the results 
of the assessment be shared with rel-evant Federal, State, and local agen-cies, including the Department of En-ergy and the National Network of Fu-sion Centers. Coordination and infor-mation-sharing within the Depart-ment, as well as between the Depart-ment and other agencies, is critical for securing the homeland efficiently. 
This is a commonsense bill, and I en-
courage my colleagues to support this bill. 
I reserve the balance of my time. 
b1630 
Mr. HIGGINS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
I rise in support of H.R. 3350, the 
Know the CBRN Terrorism Threats to Transportation Act. 
Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman of 
the subcommittee, Mr. K
INGof New 
York; Chairman M CCAUL; and my rank-
ing member, Mr. T HOMPSON of Mis-
sissippi, for their support of my bill. 
H.R. 3350, the Know the CBRN Ter-
rorism Threats to Transportation Act, would direct the Department of Home-land Security’s Office of Intelligence and Analysis to conduct a terrorism threat assessment of the risks associ-ated with transportation of chemical, biological, nuclear, and radiological materials. 
Terrorists and militant groups have 
expressed an interest in using weapons of mass destruction, especially those 
utilizing chemical, biological, radio-logical, and nuclear, known as CBRN, agents or materials. 
In fact, according to a recent Associ-
ated Press investigation, the FBI un-covered a plot by rogue Moldavian operatives to sell nuclear material to foreign terrorist organizations that have an interest in targeting the United States. 
Next year the Department of Energy 
plans to allow the transporting by truck of highly enriched uranium from Canada to South Carolina. As a cost- saving measure, the planned shipment would be in liquid form. 
These trucks are scheduled to enter 
the United States via the Peace Bridge in Buffalo, New York. An attack or an accident involving one of these trucks crossing the Peace Bridge could have devastating consequences. 
The Peace Bridge is the busiest pas-
senger crossing on the northern border and the second busiest cargo port of entry. Closing the bridge for an ex-tended period of time would cause great economic harm to the region and national economies. Further, an attack could contaminate the Great Lakes, which contain 84 percent of North America’s surface freshwater, with highly radioactive material. 
Despite these risks, the Department 
of Energy approved this route, relying on an analysis of this route that is 20 years old, and did not anticipate car-rying such high-level waste. In other words, the Federal Government is about to begin importing highly radio-active material, which has never been shipped in this manner, using outdated, pre-9/11 information that does not re-flect the threats we face today. 
To ensure that all relevant Federal 
agencies, including the Department of Energy, have the information they need to make decisions and develop policies that are informed by the ter-rorism threat picture, my bill would di-rect the Department of Homeland Se-curity to share its assessment with Federal partners. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge Members to sup-
port H.R. 3350, a measure that will not only help ensure the Department of En-ergy has the information it needs with respect to transporting dangerous ma-terial through high-risk areas through-out the United States, but that other Federal agencies who are faced with similar questions are able to make bet-ter informed decisions. 
Many of the routes used for the 
transport of CBRN materials were ap-proved nearly 20 years ago and, as 
such, reflect a pre-9/11 mindset with re-spect to the threat and consequences of terrorism. 
My bill will ensure that the Depart-
ment of Homeland Security assesses and shares threat information with the Department of Energy and other Fed-eral agencies to ensure that they have the information needed to reach com-plicated decisions about transporting dangerous nuclear material throughout our communities. Enactment of my legislation will 
send a message to citizens at risk in Buffalo and beyond that we care about keeping them secure and ensuring that Federal policy is informed by the best information we have on terrorism threats. 
With that, I ask for my colleagues’ 
support. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, it is common sense to 
require DHS to conduct terrorism threat assessments for the legitimate storage, sale, or transportation of CBRN materials. 
This bill complements the bill the 
House just considered, H.R. 3493, the Securing the Cities Act of 2015. We need to take all appropriate measures to safeguard our citizens from nuclear weapons and weapons of mass destruc-tion. 
The Securing the Cities program cre-
ates a warning and detection system around New York City and other high- risk locations. H.R. 3350 supplements this concept by requiring a proactive approach in reviewing security con-cerns related to the transportation of CBRN materials. 
In closing, I wanted to express appre-
ciation to Congressman H
IGGINS , the 
ranking member of the Counterterror-ism and Intelligence Subcommittee, and to the subcommittee chairman, P
ETER KING, for moving H.R. 3350. 
I urge support for the underlying 
measure. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
in support of H.R. 3350, the Know the CBRN Terrorism Threats to Transportation Act. The Department of Homeland Security and the Under Secretary of Intelligence and Analysis play a critical role in the safety of American families. Their work assessing the transpor-tation of chemical, biological, nuclear, and ra-diological (CBRN) materials is essential for maintaining a high level of security for the country. This is why the Know the CBRN Ter-rorism Threats to Transportation Act must be passed. 
The fact that my home state shares an 
international border gives me insight and un-derstanding of the issues that border commu-nities face. Extremist groups have an array of potential agents and delivery methods to choose from for chemical, biological, radio-logical, or nuclear attacks. Castor beans, cya-nide, sarin and other chemical agents are ex-amples of the spectrum of terrorist CBRN threats. These materials need to be assessed in order to ensure the safety of not only our border communities, but our nation. 
The Know the CBRN Terrorism Threats to 
Transportation Act requires a three step proc-ess for improving the safety of our borders. First, to prepare for the execution of a ter-rorism threat assessment regarding CBNR materials, the Under Secretary for Intelligence and Analysis will consult with the Administrator of the Transportation Security Administration and the heads of other federal departments and agencies. This is critical in ensuring that the assessment is conducted with the highest level of expertise. Next, the terrorism threat 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:45 Oct 21, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K20OC7.015 H20OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6991 October 20, 2015 
assessment of the transportation of CBNR 
materials can be conducted. Finally, the as-sessment must be distributed to federal, state, and local partners so that everyone protecting our borders is informed and updated. At a time when this information should be readily available, we are still waiting to find the best process to address this critical issue. 
I would like to close by saying that I am 
proud of our chamber for taking this important step to ensure that the data on the transpor-tation of hazardous materials is readily avail-able and accessible. I also want to thank my colleagues for understanding the importance of information regarding CBRN threats and the role of this information in strengthening our se-curity. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. D
ONOVAN ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3350. 
The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the 
opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, on that 
I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
DHS HEADQUARTERS REFORM 
AND IMPROVEMENT ACT OF 2015 
Mr. M CCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I move to 
suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3572) to amend the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 to reform, stream-line, and make improvements to the Department of Homeland Security and support the Department’s efforts to im-plement better policy, planning, man-agement, and performance, and for other purposes, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3572 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as 
the ‘‘DHS Headquarters Reform and Im-provement Act of 2015’’. 
(b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-
tents for this Act is the following: 
Sec. 1. Short title; Table of contents. 
Sec. 2. Prohibition on additional authoriza-
tion of appropriations. 
TITLE I—DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND 
SECURITY HEADQUARTERS REAU-THORIZATION 
Sec. 101. Definitions. 
Sec. 102. Headquarters components. Sec. 103. Chief Privacy Officer. Sec. 104. Office of Policy. Sec. 105. Quadrennial homeland security re-
view. 
Sec. 106. Future years homeland security 
program. 
Sec. 107. Management and execution. Sec. 108. Chief Financial Officer. Sec. 109. Chief Procurement Officer. Sec. 110. Chief Information Officer. Sec. 111. Chief Human Capital Officer. Sec. 112. Chief Security Officer. Sec. 113. Cost savings and efficiency reviews. Sec. 114. Field efficiencies plan. 
Sec. 115. Resources to respond to oper-
ational surges. 
Sec. 116. Department of Homeland Security 
rotation program. 
TITLE II—DHS ACQUISITION 
ACCOUNTABILITY AND EFFICIENCY 
Sec. 201. Definitions. 
Subtitle A—Acquisition Authorities 
Sec. 211. Acquisition authorities for Under 
Secretary for Management. 
Sec. 212. Acquisition authorities for Chief 
Financial Officer. 
Sec. 213. Acquisition authorities for Chief 
Information Officer. 
Sec. 214. Requirements to ensure greater ac-
countability for acquisition programs. 
Subtitle B—Acquisition Program 
Management Discipline 
Sec. 221. Acquisition Review Board. 
Sec. 222. Requirements to reduce duplica-
tion in acquisition programs. 
Sec. 223. Government Accountability Office 
review of Board and of require-ments to reduce duplication in acquisition programs. 
Sec. 224. Excluded Party List System waiv-
ers. 
Sec. 225. Inspector General oversight of sus-
pension and debarment. 
Subtitle C—Acquisition Program Manage-
ment Accountability and Transparency 
Sec. 231. Congressional notification and 
other requirements for major acquisition program breach. 
Sec. 232. Multiyear acquisition strategy. Sec. 233. Acquisition reports. Sec. 234. Government Accountability Office 
review of multiyear acquisition strategy. 
Sec. 235. Office of Inspector General report. 
SEC. 2. PROHIBITION ON ADDITIONAL AUTHOR-
IZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
No additional funds are authorized to be 
appropriated to carry out this Act and the amendments made by this Act. This Act and such amendments shall be carried out using amounts otherwise available for such pur-poses. 
TITLE I—DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SE-
CURITY HEADQUARTERS REAUTHORIZA-TION 
SEC. 101. DEFINITIONS. 
Section 2 of the Homeland Security Act of 
2002 is amended— 
(1) by redesignating paragraphs (13) 
through (18) as paragraphs (15) through (20); 
(2) by redesignating paragraphs (9) through 
(12) as paragraphs (10) through (13); 
(3) by inserting after paragraph (8) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(9) The term ‘homeland security enter-
prise’ means relevant governmental and non-governmental entities involved in homeland security, including Federal, State, local, and tribal government officials, private sector representatives, academics, and other policy experts.’’; and 
(4) by inserting after paragraph (13), as so 
redesignated, the following: 
‘‘(14) The term ‘management integration 
and transformation’— 
‘‘(A) means the development of consistent 
and consolidated functions for information technology, financial management, acquisi-tion management, and human capital man-agement; and 
‘‘(B) includes governing processes and pro-
cedures, management systems, personnel ac-tivities, budget and resource planning, train-ing, real estate management, and provision of security, as they relate to functions cited in subparagraph (A).’’. SEC. 102. HEADQUARTERS COMPONENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 102 of the Home-
land Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 112) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (c)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), 
by striking ‘‘through the Office of State and Local Coordination (established under sec-tion 801)’’ and inserting ‘‘through the Office of Partnership and Engagement’’; 
(B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘and’’ 
after the semicolon at the end; 
(C) in paragraph (3), by striking the period 
and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(D) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) entering into agreements with govern-
ments of other countries, in consultation with the Secretary of State, and inter-national nongovernmental organizations in order to achieve the missions of the Depart-ment.’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(h) H
EADQUARTERS .— 
‘‘(1) C OMPONENTS .—The Department Head-
quarters shall include the following: 
‘‘(A) The Office of the Secretary. ‘‘(B) The Office of the Deputy Secretary. ‘‘(C) The Executive Secretariat. ‘‘(D) The Management Directorate, includ-
ing the Office of the Chief Financial Officer. 
‘‘(E) The Office of Policy. ‘‘(F) The Office of General Counsel. ‘‘(G) The Office of the Chief Privacy Offi-
cer. 
‘‘(H) The Office of Civil Rights and Civil 
Liberties. 
‘‘(I) The Office of Operations and Coordina-
tion and Planning. 
‘‘(J) The Office of Intelligence and Anal-
ysis. 
‘‘(K) The Office of Legislative Affairs. ‘‘(L) The Office of Public Affairs. ‘‘(2) F
UNCTIONS .—The Secretary, through 
the Headquarters, shall— 
‘‘(A) establish the Department’s overall 
strategy for successfully completing its mis-sion; 
‘‘(B) establish initiatives that improve per-
formance Department-wide; 
‘‘(C) establish mechanisms to ensure that 
components of the Department comply with Headquarters policies and fully implement the Secretary’s strategies and initiatives and require the head of each component of the Department and component chief officers to comply with such policies and implement such strategies and initiatives; 
‘‘(D) establish annual operational and man-
agement objectives to determine the Depart-ment’s performance; 
‘‘(E) ensure that the Department success-
fully meets operational and management performance objectives through conducting oversight of component agencies; 
‘‘(F) ensure that the strategies, priorities, 
investments, and workforce of Department agencies align with Department objectives; 
‘‘(G) establish and implement policies re-
lated to Department ethics and compliance standards; 
‘‘(H) manage and encourage shared services 
across Department components; 
‘‘(I) lead and coordinate interaction with 
Congress and other external organizations; and 
‘‘(J) carry out other such functions as the 
Secretary determines are appropriate.’’. 
(b) A
BOLISHMENT OF DIRECTOR OF SHARED  
SERVICES .— 
(1) A BOLISHMENT .—The position of Director 
of Shared Services is abolished. 
(2) C ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 475 
of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 295), and the item relating to such section in the table of contents in section 1(b) of such Act, are repealed. 
(c) A
BOLISHMENT OF THE OFFICE OF COUN-
TERNARCOTICS ENFORCEMENT .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:45 Oct 21, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20OC7.009 H20OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6992 October 20, 2015 
(1) A BOLISHMENT .—The Office of Counter-
narcotics Enforcement is abolished. 
(2) C ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—The Home-
land Security Act of 2002 is amended— 
(A) by repealing section 878 (6 U.S.C. 112), 
and the item relating to that section in the table of contents in section 1(b) of such Act; and 
(B) in subparagraph (B) of section 843(b)(1) 
(6 U.S.C. 413(b)(1)), by striking ‘‘by—’’ and all that follows through the end of that subpara-graph and inserting ‘‘by the Secretary; and’’. 
SEC. 103. CHIEF PRIVACY OFFICER. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 222 of the Home-
land Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 142) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1)— (i) by inserting ‘‘to be the Chief Privacy 
Officer of the Department,’’ after ‘‘in the De-partment,’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘, to assume’’ and inserting 
‘‘and who shall have’’; 
(B) by amending paragraph (6) to read as 
follows: 
‘‘(6) preparing a report to Congress on an 
annual basis on— 
‘‘(A) activities of the Department that af-
fect privacy, including complaints of privacy violations, implementation of section 554 of title 5, United States Code (popularly known as the Privacy Act of 1974), internal controls, and other matters; and 
‘‘(B) the number of new technology pro-
grams implemented in the Department each fiscal year, the number of those programs that the Chief Privacy Officer has evaluated to ensure that privacy protections are con-sidered and implemented, the number of those programs that effectively implemented privacy protections into new technology pro-grams, and an explanation of why any new programs did not effectively implement pri-vacy protections.’’; 
(3) by redesignating subsections (b) 
through (e) as subsections (c) through (f); and 
(4) by inserting after subsection (a) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(b) A
DDITIONAL RESPONSIBILITIES .—In ad-
dition to the responsibilities under sub-section (a), the Chief Privacy Officer shall— 
‘‘(1) develop guidance to assist components 
of the Department in developing privacy policies and practices; 
‘‘(2) establish a mechanism to ensure such 
components are in compliance with Federal, regulatory, statutory, and the Department’s privacy requirements, mandates, directives, and policy; 
‘‘(3) work with the Chief Information Offi-
cer of the Department to identify methods for managing and overseeing the Depart-ment’s records, management policies, and procedures; 
‘‘(4) work with components and offices of 
the Department to ensure that information sharing activities incorporate privacy pro-tections; 
‘‘(5) serve as the Department’s central of-
fice for managing and processing requests re-lated to section 552 of title 5, United States Code, popularly known as the Freedom of In-formation Act; 
‘‘(6) develop public guidance on procedures 
to be followed when making requests for in-formation under section 552 of title 5, United States Code; 
‘‘(7) oversee the management and proc-
essing of requests for information under sec-tion 552 of title 5, United States Code, within Department Headquarters and relevant De-partment component offices; 
‘‘(8) identify and eliminate unnecessary 
and duplicative actions taken by the Depart-ment in the course of processing requests for information under section 552 of title 5, United States Code; and ‘‘(9) carry out such other responsibilities 
as the Secretary determines are appropriate, consistent with this section.’’; and 
(5) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(g) R
EASSIGNMENT OF FUNCTIONS .—The 
Secretary may reassign the functions related to managing and processing requests for in-formation under section 552 of title 5, United States Code, to another officer within the Department, consistent with requirements of that section.’’. 
SEC. 104. OFFICE OF POLICY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Homeland Security 
Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 101 et seq.) is amended by— 
(1) redesignating section 601 as section 
890B, and transferring that section to appear immediately after section 890A; and 
(2) striking the heading for title VI and in-
serting the following: 
‘‘TITLE VI—POLICY AND PLANNING 
‘‘SEC. 601. OFFICE OF POLICY. 
‘‘(a) E STABLISHMENT OF OFFICE .—There 
shall be in the Department an Office of Pol-icy. The Office of Policy shall be headed by an Under Secretary for Policy, who shall be appointed by the President, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate. 
‘‘(b) M
ISSION .—The mission of the Office of 
Policy is to lead, conduct, and coordinate Department-wide policy, strategic planning, and relationships with organizations or per-sons that are not part of the Department. 
‘‘(c) C
OMPONENTS OF OFFICE .—The Office of 
Policy shall include the following compo-nents: 
‘‘(1) The Office of Partnership and Engage-
ment under section 602. 
‘‘(2) The Office of International Affairs 
under section 603. 
‘‘(3) The Office of Policy Implementation 
under section 604. 
‘‘(4) The Office of Strategy and Planning 
under section 605. 
‘‘(d) R
ESPONSIBILITIES OF THE UNDER SEC-
RETARY .—Subject to the direction and con-
trol of the Secretary, the Under Secretary for Policy shall— 
‘‘(1) serve as the principal policy advisor to 
the Secretary; 
‘‘(2) coordinate with the Under Secretary 
for Management and the General Counsel of the Department to ensure that development of the Department’s budget is compatible with the priorities, strategic plans, and poli-cies established by the Secretary, including those priorities identified through the Quad-rennial Homeland Security Review required under section 707; 
‘‘(3) incorporate relevant feedback from, 
and oversee and coordinate relationships with, organizations and other persons that are not part of the Department to ensure ef-fective communication of outside stake-holders’ perspectives to components of the Department; 
‘‘(4) establish a process to ensure that or-
ganizations and other persons that are not part of the Department can communicate with Department components without com-promising adherence by the officials of such components to the Department’s ethics and policies; 
‘‘(5) manage and coordinate the Depart-
ment’s international engagement activities; 
‘‘(6) advise, inform, and assist the Sec-
retary on the impact of the Department’s policy, processes, and actions on State, local, tribal, and territorial governments; 
‘‘(7) oversee the Department’s engagement 
and development of partnerships with non-profit organizations and academic institu-tions; 
‘‘(8) administer the Homeland Security Ad-
visory Council and make studies available to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-
fairs of the Senate on an annual basis; and 
‘‘(9) carry out such other responsibilities 
as the Secretary determines are appropriate, consistent with this section. 
‘‘(e) C
OORDINATION BY DEPARTMENT COMPO -
NENTS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—To ensure consistency 
with the Secretary’s policy priorities, the head of each component of the Department shall coordinate with the Office of Policy, as appropriate, in establishing new policies or strategic planning guidance. 
‘‘(2) I
NTERNATIONAL ACTIVITIES .— 
‘‘(A) F OREIGN NEGOTIATIONS .—Each compo-
nent of the Department shall coordinate with the Under Secretary for Policy plans and efforts of the component before pursuing negotiations with foreign governments, to ensure consistency with the Department’s policy priorities. 
‘‘(B) N
OTICE OF INTERNATIONAL TRAVEL BY  
SENIOR OFFICERS .—Each component of the 
Department shall notify the Under Secretary for Policy of the international travel of sen-ior officers of the Department. 
‘‘(f) A
SSIGNMENT OF PERSONNEL .—The Sec-
retary shall assign to the Office of Policy permanent staff and, as appropriate and con-sistent with sections 506(c)(2), 821, and 888(d), other appropriate personnel detailed from other components of the Department to carry out the responsibilities under this sec-tion. 
‘‘(g) D
EPUTY UNDER SECRETARY FOR POL-
ICY.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary may— 
‘‘(A) establish within the Department of 
Homeland Security a position, to be called the Deputy Under Secretary for Policy, to support the Under Secretary for Policy in carrying out the Under Secretary’s respon-sibilities; and 
‘‘(B) appoint a career employee to such po-
sition. 
‘‘(2) L
IMITATION ON ESTABLISHMENT OF DEP -
UTY UNDER SECRETARY POSITIONS .—A Deputy 
Under Secretary position (or any substan-tially similar position) within the Depart-ment of Homeland Security may not be es-tablished except for the position provided for by paragraph (1) unless the Secretary of Homeland Security receives prior authoriza-tion from Congress. 
‘‘(3) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of para-
graph (1)— 
‘‘(A) the term ‘career employee’ means any 
employee (as that term is defined in section 2105 of title 5, United States Code), but does not include a political appointee; and 
‘‘(B) the term ‘political appointee’ means 
any employee who occupies a position which has been excepted from the competitive serv-ice by reason of its confidential, policy-de-termining, policy-making, or policy-advo-cating character. 
‘‘SEC. 602. OFFICE OF PARTNERSHIP AND EN-
GAGEMENT. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—There shall be in the Of-
fice of Policy an Office of Partnership and Engagement. 
‘‘(b) H
EAD OF OFFICE .—The Secretary shall 
appoint an Assistant Secretary for Partner-ship and Engagement to serve as the head of the Office. 
‘‘(c) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—The Assistant Sec-
retary for Partnership and Engagement shall— 
‘‘(1) lead the coordination of Department- 
wide policies relating to the role of State and local law enforcement in preventing, preparing for, protecting against, and re-sponding to natural disasters, acts of ter-rorism, and other man-made disasters within the United States; 
‘‘(2) serve as a liaison between State, local, 
and tribal law enforcement agencies and the Department, including through consultation 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:45 Oct 21, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20OC7.008 H20OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6993 October 20, 2015 
with such agencies regarding Department 
programs that may impact such agencies; 
‘‘(3) coordinate with the Office of Intel-
ligence and Analysis to certify the intel-ligence and information sharing require-ments of State, local, and tribal law enforce-ment agencies are being addressed; 
‘‘(4) work with the Administrator to ensure 
that law enforcement and terrorism-focused grants to State, local, and tribal government agencies, including grants under sections 2003 and 2004, the Commercial Equipment Di-rect Assistance Program, and other grants administered by the Department to support fusion centers and law enforcement-oriented programs, are appropriately focused on ter-rorism prevention activities; 
‘‘(5) coordinate with the Science and Tech-
nology Directorate, the Federal Emergency Management Agency, the Department of Justice, the National Institute of Justice, law enforcement organizations, and other ap-propriate entities to support the develop-ment, promulgation, and updating, as nec-essary, of national voluntary consensus standards for training and personal protec-tive equipment to be used in a tactical envi-ronment by law enforcement officers; 
‘‘(6) create and foster strategic commu-
nications with the private sector to enhance the primary mission of the Department to protect the American homeland; 
‘‘(7) advise the Secretary on the impact of 
the Department’s policies, regulations, proc-esses, and actions on the private sector; 
‘‘(8) interface with other relevant Federal 
agencies with homeland security missions to assess the impact of these agencies’ actions on the private sector; 
‘‘(9) create and manage private sector advi-
sory councils composed of representatives of industries and associations designated by the Secretary to— 
‘‘(A) advise the Secretary on private sector 
products, applications, and solutions as they relate to homeland security challenges; 
‘‘(B) advise the Secretary on homeland se-
curity policies, regulations, processes, and actions that affect the participating indus-tries and associations; and 
‘‘(C) advise the Secretary on private sector 
preparedness issues, including effective methods for— 
‘‘(i) promoting voluntary preparedness 
standards to the private sector; and 
‘‘(ii) assisting the private sector in adopt-
ing voluntary preparedness standards; 
‘‘(10) promote existing public-private part-
nerships and developing new public-private partnerships to provide for collaboration and mutual support to address homeland secu-
rity challenges; 
‘‘(11) assist in the development and pro-
motion of private sector best practices to se-cure critical infrastructure; 
‘‘(12) provide information to the private 
sector regarding voluntary preparedness standards and the business justification for preparedness and promoting to the private sector the adoption of voluntary prepared-ness standards; 
‘‘(13) coordinate industry efforts, with re-
spect to functions of the Department of Homeland Security, to identify private sec-tor resources and capabilities that could be effective in supplementing Federal, State, and local government agency efforts to pre-vent or respond to a terrorist attack; 
‘‘(14) coordinate with the Commissioner of 
Customs and Border Protection and the ap-propriate senior official of the Department of Commerce on issues related to the travel and tourism industries; 
‘‘(15) coordinate the activities of the De-
partment relating to State and local govern-ment; 
‘‘(16) assess, and advocate for, the re-
sources needed by State and local govern-ments to implement the national strategy 
for combating terrorism; 
‘‘(17) provide State and local governments 
with regular information, research, and tech-nical support to assist local efforts at secur-ing the homeland; 
‘‘(18) develop a process for receiving mean-
ingful input from State and local govern-ments to assist the development of the na-tional strategy for combating terrorism and other homeland security activities; and 
‘‘(19) perform such other functions as are 
established by law or delegated to such As-sistant Secretary by the Under Secretary for Policy. 
‘‘SEC. 603. OFFICE OF INTERNATIONAL AFFAIRS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—There shall be in the Of-
fice of Policy an Office of International Af-fairs. 
‘‘(b) H
EAD OF OFFICE .—The Secretary shall 
appoint an Assistant Secretary for Inter-national Affairs to serve as the head of the Office and as the chief diplomatic officer of the Department. 
‘‘(c) F
UNCTIONS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Assistant Secretary 
for International Affairs shall— 
‘‘(A) coordinate international activities 
within the Department, including activities carried out by the components of the Depart-ment, in consultation with other Federal of-ficials with responsibility for counterter-rorism and homeland security matters; 
‘‘(B) advise, inform, and assist the Sec-
retary with respect to the development and implementation of Departmental policy pri-orities, including strategic priorities for the deployment of assets, including personnel, outside the United States; 
‘‘(C) develop, in consultation with the 
Under Secretary for Management, guidance for selecting, assigning, training, and moni-toring overseas deployments of Department personnel, including minimum standards for predeployment training; 
‘‘(D) develop and update, in coordination 
with all components of the Department en-gaged in international activities, a strategic plan for the international activities of the Department, establish a process for man-aging its implementation, and establish mechanisms to monitor the alignment be-tween assets, including personnel, deployed by the Department outside the United States and the plan required by this subparagraph; 
‘‘(E) develop and distribute guidance on 
Department policy priorities for overseas ac-tivities to personnel deployed overseas, that, at a minimum, sets forth the regional and national priorities being advanced by their deployment, and establish mechanisms to foster better coordination of Department personnel, programs, and activities deployed outside the United States; 
‘‘(F) maintain awareness regarding the 
international travel of senior officers of the Department and their intent to pursue nego-tiations with foreign government officials, and review resulting draft agreements; 
‘‘(G) develop, in consultation with the 
components of the Department, including, as appropriate, with the Under Secretary for the Science and Technology Directorate, programs to support the overseas programs conducted by the Department, including training, technical assistance, and equip-ment to ensure that Department personnel deployed abroad have proper resources and receive adequate and timely support; 
‘‘(H) conduct the exchange of homeland se-
curity information, in consultation with the Under Secretary of the Office of Intelligence and Analysis, and best practices relating to homeland security with foreign nations that, in the determination of the Secretary, recip-rocate the sharing of such information in a substantially similar manner; ‘‘(I) submit information to the Under Sec-
retary for Policy for oversight purposes, in-cluding preparation of the quadrennial homeland security review and on the status of overseas activities, including training and technical assistance and information ex-change activities and the Department’s re-sources dedicated to these activities; 
‘‘(J) promote, when appropriate, and over-
see the exchange of education, training, and information with nations friendly to the United States in order to share best prac-tices relating to homeland security; and 
‘‘(K) perform such other functions as are 
established by law or delegated by the Under Secretary for Policy. 
‘‘(2) I
NVENTORY OF ASSETS DEPLOYED  
ABROAD .—For each fiscal year, the Assistant 
Secretary for International Affairs, in co-ordination with the Under Secretary for Management, shall provide to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs of the Senate with the annual budget request for the Department, an annual ac-counting of all assets of the Department, in-cluding personnel, deployed outside the United States on behalf of the Department. 
‘‘(3) S
TANDARDIZED FRAMEWORK FOR COST  
DATA .—The Assistant Secretary for Inter-
national Affairs shall utilize a standardized framework to collect and maintain com-parable cost data for all assets of the Depart-ment, including personnel, deployed outside the United States to prepare the annual ac-counting required by paragraph (2). 
‘‘(4) E
XCLUSIONS .—This subsection does not 
apply to international activities related to the protective mission of the United States Secret Service, or to the Coast Guard when operating under the direct authority of the Secretary of Defense or the Secretary of the Navy. 
‘‘SEC. 604. OFFICE OF POLICY IMPLEMENTATION. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—There shall be in the Of-
fice of Policy an Office of Policy Implemen-tation. 
‘‘(b) H
EAD OF OFFICE .—The Secretary shall 
appoint a Director of the Office of Policy Im-plementation to serve as the head of the Of-fice. 
‘‘(c) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—The Director of the 
Office of Policy Implementation shall lead, conduct, coordinate, and provide overall di-rection and supervision of Department-wide policy development for the programs, offices, and activities of the Department, in con-sultation with relevant officials of the De-partment, to ensure quality, consistency, and integration across the Department, as appropriate. 
‘‘SEC. 605. OFFICE OF STRATEGY AND PLANNING. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—There shall be in the Of-
fice of Policy of the Department an Office of Strategy and Planning. 
‘‘(b) H
EAD OF OFFICE .—The Secretary shall 
appoint a Director of the Office of Strategy and Planning who shall serve as the head of the Office. 
‘‘(c) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—The Director of the 
Office of Strategy and Planning shall— 
‘‘(1) lead and conduct long-term Depart-
ment-wide strategic planning, including the Quadrennial Homeland Security Review and planning guidance for the Department, and translate the Department’s statutory re-sponsibilities, strategic plans, and long-term goals into risk-based policies and procedures that improve operational effectiveness; and 
‘‘(2) develop strategies to address uncon-
ventional threats to the homeland.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
contents in section 1(b) of such Act is amended— 
(1) by striking the items relating to title 
VI and inserting the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:45 Oct 21, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20OC7.008 H20OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6994 October 20, 2015 
‘‘TITLE VI—POLICY AND PLANNING 
‘‘Sec. 601. Office of Policy. 
‘‘Sec. 602. Office of Partnership and Engage-
ment. 
‘‘Sec. 603. Office of International Affairs. ‘‘Sec. 604. Office of Policy Implementation. ‘‘Sec. 605. Office of Strategy and Planning.’’. 
(2) by inserting after the item relating to 
section 890A the following: 
‘‘Sec. 890B. Treatment of charitable trusts 
for members of the Armed Forces of the United States and other governmental organiza-tions.’’. 
(c) A
PPOINTMENT OF UNDER SECRETARY FOR  
POLICY ; CONTINUATION OF SERVICE OF ASSIST -
ANTSECRETARY .— 
(1) T IME OF APPOINTMENT .—The President 
may appoint an Under Secretary for Policy under section 601 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002, as amended by this Act, only on or after January 20, 2017. 
(2) H
EAD OF OFFICE PENDING APPOINTMENT .— 
The individual serving as the Assistant Sec-retary for Policy of the Department of Homeland Security on the date of the enact-ment of this Act, or their successor, may continue to serve as an Assistant Secretary and as the head of the Office of Policy estab-lished by such section, until the date on which the Under Secretary for Policy is ap-pointed under such section in accordance with paragraph (1). 
(d) A
PPOINTMENT OF ASSISTANT SECRETARY  
FOR INTERNATIONAL AFFAIRS ; ABOLISHMENT  
OFEXISTING OFFICE .— 
(1) T IME OF APPOINTMENT .—The Secretary 
of Homeland Security may appoint an As-sistant Secretary for International Affairs under section 602 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002, as amended by this Act, only on or after January 20, 2017. 
(2) H
EAD OF OFFICE PENDING APPOINTMENT .— 
The individual serving as the Assistant Sec-retary for International Affairs of the De-partment of Homeland Security on the date of the enactment of this Act, or their suc-cessor, may continue to serve as a Deputy Assistant Secretary and as the head of the Office of International Affairs established by such section, until the date the Under Sec-retary for Policy is appointed under such section in accordance with paragraph (1). 
(3) A
BOLISHMENT OF EXISTING OFFICE .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The Office of Inter-
national Affairs within the Office of the Sec-retary is abolished. 
(B) T
RANSFER OF ASSETS AND PERSONNEL .— 
The assets and personnel associated with such Office are transferred to the head of the Office of International Affairs provided for by section 603 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002, as amended by this Act. 
(C) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Subsection 
879 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 459), and the item relating to such section in section 1(b) of such Act, are re-pealed. 
(e) A
BOLISHMENT OF OFFICE FOR STATE AND  
LOCAL LAWENFORCEMENT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Office for State and 
Local Law Enforcement of the Department of Homeland Security is abolished. 
(2) T
RANSFER OF FUNCTIONS , ASSETS , AND 
PERSONNEL .—The functions authorized to be 
performed by such office immediately before the enactment of this Act, and the assets and personnel associated with such functions, are transferred to the head of the Office of Part-nership and Engagement provided for by sec-tion 602 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002, as amended by this Act. 
(3) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Subsection 
(b) of section 2006 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 607) is repealed. 
(f) A
BOLISHMENT OF OFFICE FOR STATE AND  
LOCAL GOVERNMENT COORDINATION .— (1) I N GENERAL .—The Office for State and 
Local Government Coordination of the De-partment of Homeland Security is abolished. 
(2) T
RANSFER OF FUNCTIONS AND ASSETS .— 
The functions authorized to be performed by such office immediately before the enact-ment of this Act, and the assets and per-sonnel associated with such functions, are transferred to the head of Office of Partner-ship and Engagement provided for by section 602 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002, as amended by this Act. 
(3) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Section 801 
of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 631), and the item relating to that sec-tion in the table of contents in section 1(b) of such Act, are repealed. 
(g) A
BOLISHMENT OF SPECIAL ASSISTANT TO  
THESECRETARY .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Special Assistant to 
the Secretary authorized by section 102(f) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 112(f)), as in effect immediately before the enactment of this Act, is abolished. 
(2) T
RANSFER OF FUNCTIONS AND ASSETS .— 
The functions authorized to be performed by such Special Assistant to the Secretary im-mediately before the enactment of this Act, and the assets and personnel associated with such functions, are transferred to the head of the Office of Partnership and Engagement provided for by section 602 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002, as amended by this Act. 
(3) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 102(f) 
of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 112(f)) is repealed. 
(h) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS RELATING TO  
ASSISTANT SECRETARIES .—Section 103(a) of 
the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 113(a)) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), by striking subpara-
graph (I) and redesignating subparagraph (J) as subparagraph (I); and 
(2) by amending paragraph (2) to read as 
follows: 
‘‘(2) A
SSISTANT SECRETARIES .— 
‘‘(A) A DVICE AND CONSENT APPOINTMENTS .— 
The Department shall have the following As-sistant Secretaries appointed by the Presi-dent, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate: 
‘‘(i) The Assistant Secretary, U.S. Immi-
gration and Customs Enforcement. 
‘‘(ii) The Assistant Secretary, Transpor-
tation Security Administration. 
‘‘(B) O
THER PRESIDENTIAL APPOINTMENTS .— 
The Department shall have the following As-sistant Secretaries appointed by the Presi-dent: 
‘‘(i) The Assistant Secretary, Infrastruc-
ture Protection. 
‘‘(ii) The Assistant Secretary, Office of 
Public Affairs. 
‘‘(iii) The Assistant Secretary, Office of 
Legislative Affairs. 
‘‘(C) S
ECRETARIAL APPOINTMENTS .—The De-
partment shall have the following Assistant Secretaries appointed by the Secretary: 
‘‘(i) The Assistant Secretary, Office of Cy-
bersecurity and Communications. 
‘‘(ii) The Assistant Secretary for Inter-
national Affairs under section 602. 
‘‘(iii) The Assistant Secretary for Partner-
ship and Engagement under section 603. 
‘‘(D) L
IMITATION ON CREATION OF POSI -
TIONS .—No Assistant Secretary position may 
be created in addition to the positions pro-vided for by this section unless such position is authorized by a statute enacted after the date of the enactment of the DHS Head-quarters Reform and Improvement Act of 2015.’’. 
(i) H
OMELAND SECURITY ADVISORY COUN-
CIL.—Section 102(b) of the Homeland Secu-
rity Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 112(b)) is amended by striking ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon at the end of paragraph (2), striking the period at the end of paragraph (3) and inserting ‘‘; 
and’’, and adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(4) shall establish a Homeland Security 
Advisory Council to provide advice and rec-ommendations on homeland-security-related matters.’’. 
(j) P
ROHIBITION ON NEWOFFICES .—No new 
office may be created to perform functions transferred by this section, other than as provided in section 601 of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002, as amended by this Act, unless the Secretary of Homeland Security 
receives prior authorization from Congress permitting such change. 
(k) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section each of 
the terms ‘‘functions’’, ‘‘assets’’, and ‘‘per-sonnel’’ has the meaning that term has under section 2 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 101). 
(l) D
UPLICATION REVIEW .—The Secretary of 
Homeland Security shall— 
(1) within 1 year after the date of the en-
actment of this Act, complete a review of the international affairs offices, functions, and responsibilities of the components of the De-partment of Homeland Security, to identify and eliminate areas of unnecessary duplica-tion; and 
(2) within 30 days after the completion of 
such review, provide the results of the review to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs of the Senate. 
SEC. 105. QUADRENNIAL HOMELAND SECURITY 
REVIEW. 
Section 707 of the Homeland Security Act 
of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 347) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)— (A) by amending paragraph (1) to read as 
follows: 
‘‘(1) R
EVIEW REQUIRED .—In fiscal year 2017, 
and every 4 years thereafter, the Secretary shall conduct a review of the homeland secu-rity of the Nation (in this section referred to as a ‘quadrennial homeland security re-view’). Such review shall be conducted so that it is completed, and the report under subsection (c) is issued, by no later than De-cember 31, 2017, and by December 31 of every fourth year thereafter.’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (3) by striking ‘‘The Sec-
retary shall conduct each quadrennial home-land security review under this subsection in consultation with’’ and inserting ‘‘In order to ensure that each quadrennial homeland security review conducted under this section is coordinated with the quadrennial defense review conducted by the Secretary of De-fense under section 118 of title 10, United States Code, and any other major strategic review relating to diplomacy, intelligence, or other national security issues, the Sec-retary shall conduct and obtain information and feedback from entities of the homeland security enterprise through’’; 
(2) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘and’’ 
after the semicolon at the end; 
(B) in paragraph (6), by striking the period 
and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(C) by adding after paragraph (6) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(7) leverage analytical tools and resources 
developed as part of the quadrennial home-land security review to support the Depart-ment’s ongoing programs and missions.’’; 
(3) in subsection (c)(2)— (A) by striking ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon 
at the end of subparagraph (H); 
(B) by redesignating subparagraph (I) as 
subparagraph (L); and 
(C) by inserting after subparagraph (H) the 
following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:45 Oct 21, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20OC7.008 H20OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6995 October 20, 2015 
‘‘(I) a description of how the conclusions 
under the quadrennial homeland security re-view will inform efforts to develop capabili-ties and build capacity of States, local gov-ernments, Indian tribes, and private entities, and of individuals, families, and commu-nities; 
‘‘(J) as appropriate, proposed changes to 
the authorities, organization, governance structure, or business processes (including acquisition processes) of the Department in order to better fulfill responsibilities of the Department; 
‘‘(K) where appropriate, a classified annex, 
including materials prepared pursuant to section 306 of title 5, United States Code, re-lating to the preparation of an agency stra-tegic plan, to satisfy, in whole or in part, the reporting requirements of this paragraph; and’’. 
SEC. 106. FUTURE YEARS HOMELAND SECURITY 
PROGRAM. 
Section 874 of the Homeland Security Act 
of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 454) is amended— 
(1) by amending subsection (a) to read as 
follows: 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than the 30 
days following the date of each fiscal year on which the budget of the President is sub-mitted to Congress under section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate a Future Years Homeland Security Program that pro-vides detailed estimates of the projected ex-penditures and corresponding requests for appropriations included in that budget. The Future Years Homeland Security Program 
shall cover the fiscal year for which the budget is submitted and the 4 succeeding fis-cal years.’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(d) C
ONSISTENCY OF BUDGET REQUEST WITH 
ESTIMATES .—For each fiscal year, the Sec-
retary shall ensure that the projected amounts specified in program and budget in-formation for the Department submitted to Congress in support of the President’s budget request are consistent with the estimated ex-penditures and proposed appropriations nec-essary to support the programs, projects, and activities of the Department included in the budget pursuant to section 1105(a)(5) of title 31, United States Code. 
‘‘(e) E
XPLANATION OF ALIGNMENT WITH 
STRATEGIES AND PLANS .—Together with the 
detailed estimates of the projected expendi-tures and corresponding requests for appro-priations submitted for the Future Years Homeland Security Program, the Secretary shall provide an explanation of how those es-timates and requests align with the home-land security strategies and plans developed and updated as appropriate by the Secretary. Such explanation shall include an evaluation of the organization, organizational struc-ture, governance structure, and business processes (including acquisition processes) of the Department, to ensure that the Depart-ment is able to meet its responsibilities. 
‘‘(f) P
ROJECTION OF ACQUISITION ESTI-
MATES .—Each Future Years Homeland Secu-
rity Program shall project— 
‘‘(1) acquisition estimates for a period of 5 
fiscal years, with specified estimates for each fiscal year, for major acquisition pro-grams by the Department and each compo-nent therein, including modernization and sustainment expenses; and 
‘‘(2) estimated annual deployment sched-
ules for major acquisition programs over the 5-fiscal-year period. 
‘‘(g) C
ONTINGENCY AMOUNTS .—Nothing in 
this section shall be construed as prohibiting the inclusion in the Future Years Homeland Security Program of amounts for manage-ment contingencies, subject to the require-
ments of subsection (b). 
‘‘(h) C
LASSIFIED OR SENSITIVE ANNEX .—The 
Secretary may include with each submission under this section a classified or sensitive 
annex containing any information required to be submitted under this section that is re-stricted from public disclosure in accordance with Federal law, including information that is determined to be Sensitive Security Infor-mation under section 537 of the Department of Homeland Security Appropriations Act, 2006 (6 U.S.C. 114) to Congress in a classified or sensitive annex. 
‘‘(i) A
VAILABILITY OF INFORMATION TO THE  
PUBLIC .—The Secretary shall make available 
to the public in electronic form the informa-tion required to be submitted to Congress under this section, other than information described in subsection (h).’’. 
SEC. 107. MANAGEMENT AND EXECUTION. 
Section 701 of the Homeland Security Act 
of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 341) is amended by striking subsections (a) and (b) and inserting the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Subject to the direction 
and control of the Secretary, the Under Sec-retary for Management shall serve as the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(1) The Chief Management Officer for all 
matters related to the management and ad-ministration of the Department in support of homeland security operations and programs. With regard to the management functions for which the Under Secretary has responsi-bility by law or by direction of the Sec-retary, the Under Secretary for Management takes precedence in the Department after the Secretary and the Deputy Secretary of Homeland Security. 
‘‘(2) The senior official with the authority 
to administer, implement, and direct man-agement integration and transformation across functional disciplines of the Depart-ment, including— 
‘‘(A) information technology, financial 
management, acquisition management, and human capital management of the Depart-ment to improve program efficiency and ef-fectiveness; 
‘‘(B) ensure compliance with laws, rules, 
regulations, and the Department’s policies; 
‘‘(C) conduct regular oversight; and ‘‘(D) prevent unnecessary duplication of 
programs in the Department. 
‘‘(b) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—In addition to re-
sponsibilities designated by the Secretary or otherwise established by law, the Under Sec-retary for Management shall be responsible for performing, or delegating responsibility for performing, the following activities of the Department: 
‘‘(1) Development of the budget, manage-
ment of appropriations, expenditures of funds, accounting, and finance. 
‘‘(2) Acquisition and procurement activi-
ties under section 701(d). 
‘‘(3) Human resources and personnel. ‘‘(4) Information technology and commu-
nication systems, in consultation with the Under Secretary for Intelligence and Anal-ysis, as appropriate. 
‘‘(5) Facilities, property, equipment, and 
other material resources. 
‘‘(6) Real property and personal property. ‘‘(7) Security for personnel, information 
technology and communications systems, fa-cilities, property, equipment, and other ma-terial resources. 
‘‘(8) Strategic management planning, an-
nual performance planning, and identifica-tion and tracking of performance measures relating to the responsibilities of the Depart-ment, including such responsibilities under section 306 of title 5, United States Code. 
‘‘(9) Oversight of grants and other assist-
ance management programs to ensure proper administration. ‘‘(10) Management integration and trans-
formation within each functional manage-ment discipline of the Department, including information technology, financial manage-ment, acquisition management, and human capital management, and the transition process, to ensure an efficient and orderly consolidation of functions and personnel in the Department and transition, including the— 
‘‘(A) development of coordinated data 
sources and connectivity of information sys-tems to the greatest extent practical to en-hance program visibility and transparency; 
‘‘(B) development of standardized, auto-
mated, and real-time management informa-
tion to uniformly manage and oversee pro-grams, and make informed decisions to im-prove the efficiency of the Department; 
‘‘(C) development of effective program 
management and regular oversight mecha-nisms, including clear roles and processes for program governance, sharing of best prac-tices, and access to timely, reliable, and ana-lyzed data on all acquisitions and invest-ments; 
‘‘(D) implementation of mechanisms to 
promote accountability for management in-tegration among Department and component chief officers; 
‘‘(E) integration of financial management 
systems within and across the Department to ensure financial transparency, support daily operational and financial decision-making, and maintain consecutive unquali-fied opinions for all financial statements, in-cluding the responsibility to review, approve, and oversee the planning, design, acquisi-tion, deployment, operation, maintenance, and modernization of business systems; 
‘‘(F) integration of human resource man-
agement systems within and across the De-partment to track and record information (including attrition rates, knowledge, skills, and abilities critical for workforce planning, identifying current and future human capital needs, including recruitment efforts and im-proving employee morale), including the re-sponsibility to review, approve, and oversee the planning, design, acquisition, deploy-ment, operation, maintenance, and mod-ernization of business systems; 
‘‘(G) development of a management inte-
gration strategy for the Department and its components to be submitted annually with the President’s budget to ensure that man-agement of the Department is strengthened in the areas of human capital, acquisition, information technology, and financial man-agement, which shall include— 
‘‘(i) short- and long-term objectives to ef-
fectively guide implementation of interoper-able business systems solutions; 
‘‘(ii) issuance of guidance and action plans 
with dates, specific actions, and costs for im-plementing management integration and transformation of common functional dis-ciplines across the Department and its com-ponents; 
‘‘(iii) specific operational and tactical 
goals, activities, and timelines needed to ac-complish the integration effort; 
‘‘(iv) performance measures to monitor and 
validate corrective measures; 
‘‘(v) efforts to identify resources needed to 
achieve key actions and outcomes; 
‘‘(vi) other issues impeding management 
integration; 
‘‘(vii) reporting to the Government Ac-
countability Office twice annually to dem-onstrate measurable, sustainable progress made in implementing the Department’s cor-rective action plans and achieving key out-comes, including regarding— 
‘‘(I) leadership commitment; ‘‘(II) capacity building; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:45 Oct 21, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20OC7.008 H20OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6996 October 20, 2015 
‘‘(III) continuous monitoring to address 
Government Accountability Office designa-tions of programs at high risk for waste, fraud, and abuse, including with respect to strengthening management functions; 
‘‘(viii) review and approve any major up-
date to the Department’s strategy related to management integration and transformation across functional disciplines and lines of business, including any business systems modernization plans to maximize benefits and minimize costs for the Department; and 
‘‘(ix) before December 1 of each year in 
which a Presidential election is held, the de-velopment of a transition and succession plan to guide the transition of Department functions to a new Presidential administra-tion, and making such plan available to the next Secretary and Under Secretary for Man-agement and to the homeland security con-gressional committees. 
‘‘(H) Oversight, including the conduct of 
internal audits and management analyses, of the programs and activities of the Depart-ment. Such supervision includes establishing oversight procedures to ensure a full and ef-fective review of the efforts by Department components to implement policies and proce-dures of the Department for management in-tegration and transformation. 
‘‘(I) Any other management duties that the 
Secretary may designate.’’. 
SEC. 108. CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER. 
Section 702 of the Homeland Security Act 
of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 341) is amended by redesig-nating subsections (b) and (c) as subsections (c) and (d), respectively, and by inserting after subsection (a) the following: 
‘‘(b) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—Notwithstanding 
sections 901 and 1122 of title 31, United States Code, the Chief Financial Officer, in con-sultation with the Under Secretary for Man-agement and the Under Secretary for Intel-ligence and Analysis, as appropriate, shall— 
‘‘(1) lead cost-estimating practices for the 
Department, including the development of the Department’s policy on cost estimating and approval of life cycle cost estimates; 
‘‘(2) oversee coordination with the Office of 
Policy on the Department’s long-term stra-tegic planning to ensure that the develop-
ment of the Department’s budget is compat-ible with the priorities, strategic plans, and policies established by the Secretary; 
‘‘(3) develop and oversee the Department’s 
financial management policy; 
‘‘(4) provide guidance for and over financial 
system modernization efforts throughout the Department; 
‘‘(5) establish effective internal controls 
over financial reporting systems and proc-esses throughout the Department; 
‘‘(6) lead assessments of internal controls 
related to the Department’s financial man-agement systems and review financial proc-esses to ensure that internal controls are de-signed properly and operate effectively; 
‘‘(7) lead the Department’s efforts related 
to financial oversight, including identifying ways to streamline and standardize business processes; 
‘‘(8) lead and provide guidance on perform-
ance-based budgeting practices for the De-partment to ensure that the Department and its components are meeting missions and goals; 
‘‘(9) ensure that Department components’ 
senior financial officers certify that their major acquisition programs have adequate resources to execute their programs through the 5-year future years homeland security program period, so that the Department’s funding requirements for major acquisition programs match expected resources; 
‘‘(10) ensure that components identify and 
report all expected costs of acquisition pro-grams to the Chief Financial Officer of the Department; ‘‘(11) oversee Department budget formula-
tion and execution; 
‘‘(12) fully implement a common account-
ing structure to be used across the entire De-partment by fiscal year 2019; and 
‘‘(13) track, approve, oversee, and make 
public information on expenditures by com-ponents of the Department for conferences, as appropriate, including by requiring each component of the Department to— 
‘‘(A) report to the Inspector General of the 
Department the expenditures by the compo-nent for each conference hosted or attended by Department employees for which the total expenditures of the Department exceed $20,000, within 15 days after the date of the conference; and 
‘‘(B) with respect to such expenditures, 
provide to the Inspector General— 
‘‘(i) the information described in sub-
sections (a), (b), and (c) of section 739 of Pub-lic Law 113–235; and 
‘‘(ii) documentation of such expendi-
tures.’’. 
SEC. 109. CHIEF PROCUREMENT OFFICER. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title VII of the Homeland 
Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 341 et seq.) is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 708. CHIEF PROCUREMENT OFFICER. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—There is a Chief Pro-
curement Officer of the Department, who shall report directly to the Under Secretary for Management. The Chief Procurement Of-ficer is the senior procurement executive for purposes of section 1702(c) of title 41 United States Code, and shall perform procurement functions as specified in such section. The Chief Procurement Officer also shall perform other functions and responsibilities set forth in this section and as may be assigned by the Under Secretary for Management. 
‘‘(b) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—The Chief Procure-
ment Officer shall— 
‘‘(1) exercise leadership and authority to 
the extent delegated by the Under Secretary for Management over the Department’s pro-curement function; 
‘‘(2) issue procurement policies, and shall 
serve as a senior business advisor to agency officials on acquisition-related matters, in-cluding policy and workforce matters, as de-termined by the Under Secretary for Man-agement; 
‘‘(3) account for the integrity, perform-
ance, and oversight of Department procure-ment and contracting functions and be re-sponsible for ensuring that a procurement’s contracting strategy and plans are con-sistent with the intent and direction of the Acquisition Review Board; 
‘‘(4) serve as the Department’s main liaison 
to industry on procurement-related issues; 
‘‘(5) oversee a centralized certification and 
training program, in consultation with the Under Secretary for Management, for the en-tire Department acquisition workforce while using, to the greatest extent practicable, best practices and acquisition training op-portunities already in existence within the Federal Government, the private sector, or universities and colleges, as appropriate, and including training on how best to identify actions that warrant referrals for suspension or debarment; 
‘‘(6) delegate or retain contracting author-
ity, as appropriate; 
‘‘(7) provide input on the periodic perform-
ance reviews of each head of contracting ac-tivity of the Department; 
‘‘(8) collect baseline data and use such data 
to establish performance measures on the impact of strategic sourcing initiatives on the private sector, including, in particular, small businesses; 
‘‘(9) ensure that a fair proportion (as de-
fined pursuant to the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 631 et seq.)) of Federal contract and 
subcontract dollars are awarded to small businesses, maximize opportunities for small business participation, and ensure, to the ex-tent practicable, small businesses that achieve qualified vendor status for security- related technologies are provided an oppor-tunity to compete for contracts for such technology; and 
‘‘(10) conduct oversight of implementation 
of administrative agreements to resolve sus-pension or debarment proceedings and, upon request, provide information to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs of the Senate about the effectiveness of such agreements at improving contractor re-sponsibility. 
‘‘(c) H
EAD OF CONTRACTING ACTIVITY DE-
FINED .—In this section the term ‘head of con-
tracting activity’ means each official respon-sible for the creation, management, and oversight of a team of procurement profes-sionals properly trained, certified, and war-ranted to accomplish the acquisition of prod-ucts and services on behalf of the designated components, offices, and organizations of the Department, and as authorized, other gov-ernment entities.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
contents in section 1(b) of such Act is further amended by adding at the end of the items relating to such title the following: 
‘‘Sec. 708. Chief Procurement Officer.’’. 
SEC. 110. CHIEF INFORMATION OFFICER. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 703 of the Home-
land Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 343) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a), by adding at the end 
the following: ‘‘In addition to the functions under section 3506(a)(2) of title 44, United States Code, the Chief Information Officer shall perform the functions set forth in this section and such other functions as may be assigned by the Secretary.’’; 
(2) by redesignating subsection (b) as sub-
section (e); and 
(3) by inserting after subsection (a) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(b) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—In addition to the 
functions under section 3506 of title 44, United States Code, the Chief Information Officer, in consultation with the Under Sec-retary for Management, shall— 
‘‘(1) advise and assist the Secretary, heads 
of the components of the Department, and other senior officers in carrying out the re-sponsibilities of the Department for all ac-tivities relating to the budgets, programs, and operations of the information tech-nology functions of the Department; 
‘‘(2) to the extent delegated by the Sec-
retary— 
‘‘(A) exercise leadership and authority over 
Department information technology man-agement; and 
‘‘(B) establish the information technology 
priorities, policies, processes, standards, guidelines, and procedures of the Depart-ment to ensure interoperability and stand-ardization of information technology; 
‘‘(3) serve as the lead technical authority 
for information technology programs; 
‘‘(4) maintain a consolidated inventory of 
the Department’s mission critical and mis-sion essential information systems, and de-velop and maintain contingency plans for re-sponding to a disruption in the operation of any of those information systems; 
‘‘(5) maintain the security, visibility, reli-
ability, integrity, and availability of data and information technology of the Depart-ment including the security of the Homeland Security Data Network; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:45 Oct 21, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20OC7.008 H20OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6997 October 20, 2015 
‘‘(6) in coordination with relevant officials 
of the Department, ensure that the Depart-ment is in compliance with subchapter II of chapter 35 of title 44, United States Code; 
‘‘(7) establish policies and procedures to ef-
fectively monitor and manage vulnerabilities in the supply chain for pur-chases of information technology; 
‘‘(8) in coordination with relevant officials 
of the Department, ensure Department com-pliance with Homeland Security Presidential Directive 12; 
‘‘(9) in coordination with relevant officials 
of the Department, ensure that information technology systems of the Department meet the standards established under the informa-tion sharing environment, as defined in sec-tion 1016 of the Intelligence Reform and Ter-rorism Prevention Act of 2004 (6 U.S.C. 485); 
‘‘(10) develop measures to monitor the per-
formance of Department components’ use and implementation of information tech-nology systems and consistently monitor such performance to ensure that such sys-tems are used effectively; 
‘‘(11) ensure that Department components 
report to the Chief Information Officer of the 
Department a complete inventory of infor-mation systems and fully adhere to Depart-ment guidance related to information tech-nology; 
‘‘(12) carry out any other responsibilities 
delegated by the Secretary consistent with an effective information system manage-ment function; and 
‘‘(13) carry out authorities over Depart-
ment information technology consistent with section 113419 of title 40, United States Code. 
‘‘(c) S
TRATEGIC PLANS .—In coordination 
with the Chief Financial Officer, the Chief Information Officer shall develop an infor-mation technology strategic plan every 5 years and report to the Committee on Home-land Security and the Committee on Appro-priations of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs and the Com-mittee on Appropriations of the Senate on— 
‘‘(1) how the information technology stra-
tegic plans developed under this subsection are used to help inform the Department’s budget process; 
‘‘(2) how the Department’s budget aligns 
with priorities specified in the information technology strategic plans; 
‘‘(3) in cases in which it is not possible to 
fund all information technology strategic plan activities for a given fiscal year, the ra-tionale as to why certain activities are not being funded in lieu of higher priorities; 
‘‘(4) what decisionmaking process was used 
to arrive at these priorities and the role of Department components in that process; and 
‘‘(5) examine the extent to which unneces-
sary duplicate information technology with-in and across the components of the Depart-ment has been eliminated. 
‘‘(d) S
OFTWARE LICENSING .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of the DHS Headquarters Reform and Improvement Act of 2015, and every 2 years thereafter until 2020, the Chief Information Officer, in con-sultation with Department component chief information officers, shall— 
‘‘(A) conduct a Department-wide inventory 
of all existing software licenses held by the Department, including utilized and unuti-lized licenses; 
‘‘(B) assess the needs of the Department 
and the components of the Department for software licenses for the subsequent 2 fiscal years; 
‘‘(C) examine how the Department can 
achieve the greatest possible economies of scale and cost savings in the procurement of software licenses; ‘‘(D) determine how the use of shared 
cloud-computing services will impact the needs for software licenses for the subse-quent 2 fiscal years; and 
‘‘(E) establish plans and estimated costs 
for eliminating unutilized software licenses for the subsequent 2 fiscal years. 
‘‘(2) E
XCESS SOFTWARE LICENSING .— 
‘‘(A) P LAN TO REDUCE SOFTWARE LICENSES .— 
If the Chief Information Officer determines through the inventory conducted under para-graph (1) that the number of software li-censes held by the Department and the com-ponents of the Department exceed the needs of the Department as assessed under para-graph (1), the Secretary, not later than 90 days after the date on which the inventory is completed, shall establish a plan for bringing the number of such software licenses into balance with such needs of the Department. 
‘‘(B) P
ROHIBITION ON PROCUREMENT OF NEW  
SOFTWARE LICENSES .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
clause (ii), upon completion of a plan estab-lished under paragraph (1), no additional re-sources may be obligated for the procure-ment of new software licenses for the De-partment until such time as the need of the Department exceeds the number of used and 
unused licenses held by the Department. 
‘‘(ii) E
XCEPTION .—The Chief Information 
Officer may authorize the purchase of addi-tional licenses and amend the number of needed licenses as necessary. 
‘‘(3) GAO 
REVIEW .—The Comptroller Gen-
eral of the United States shall review the in-ventory conducted under paragraph (1)(A) and the plan established under paragraph (2)(A). 
‘‘(4) S
UBMISSION TO CONGRESS .—The Chief 
Information Officer shall submit a copy of each inventory conducted under paragraph (1)(A) and each plan established under para-graph (2)(A) to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate.’’. 
(b) C
OMPLETION OF FIRST DEFINITION OF CA-
PABILITIES .—The Chief Information Officer 
shall complete the first implementation of section 701(c) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002, as amended by this section, by not later than 1 year after the date of the enact-ment of this Act. 
SEC. 111. CHIEF HUMAN CAPITAL OFFICER. 
Section 704 of the Homeland Security Act 
of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 343) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 704. CHIEF HUMAN CAPITAL OFFICER. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—There is a Chief Human 
Capital Officer of the Department who shall report directly to the Under Secretary of Management. 
‘‘(b) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—The Chief Human 
Capital Officer shall— 
‘‘(1) develop and implement strategic 
workforce planning efforts that are con-sistent with Government-wide leading prin-ciples, and that are in line with Department strategic human capital goals and priorities; 
‘‘(2) develop performance measures to pro-
vide a basis for monitoring and evaluating Department-wide strategic workforce plan-ning efforts; 
‘‘(3) develop strategies to recruit, hire, and 
train the Department workforce; 
‘‘(4) work with the component heads to 
identify methods for managing and over-seeing human capital programs and initia-tives; 
‘‘(5) develop a career path framework, and 
create opportunities for leader development; 
‘‘(6) serve as the Department’s central of-
fice for managing employee resources, in-cluding training and development opportuni-ties; 
‘‘(7) coordinate the Department’s human 
resource management system; ‘‘(8) conduct efficiency reviews to deter-
mine if components are implementing human capital programs and initiatives; and 
‘‘(9) identify and eliminate unnecessary 
and duplicative human capital policies and guidance. 
‘‘(c) C
OMPONENT STRATEGIES .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Each component of the 
Department shall coordinate with the Chief Human Capital Officer of the Department to develop or maintain its own 5-year workforce strategy that will support the Department’s goals, objectives, performance measures, and determination of the proper balance of Fed-eral employees and private labor resources. 
‘‘(2) S
TRATEGY REQUIREMENTS .—The Chief 
Human Capital Officer shall ensure that, in the development of the strategy required by subsection (c), the head of the component re-ports to the Chief Human Capital Officer on the human resources considerations associ-ated with creating additional Federal full- time equivalent positions, converting pri-vate contractor positions to Federal em-ployee positions, or relying on the private sector for goods and services, including— 
‘‘(A) hiring projections, including occupa-
tion and grade level, as well as corresponding salaries, benefits, and hiring or retention bo-nuses; 
‘‘(B) the identification of critical skills re-
quirements over the 5-year period, any cur-rent or anticipated need for critical skills re-quired at the Department, and the training or other measures required to address such need; 
‘‘(C) recruitment of qualified candidates 
and retention of qualified employees; 
‘‘(D) supervisory and management require-
ments; 
‘‘(E) travel and related personnel support 
costs; 
‘‘(F) the anticipated cost and impact on 
mission performance associated with replac-ing Federal personnel due to their retire-ment or other attrition; and 
‘‘(G) other appropriate factors. 
‘‘(d) A
NNUAL SUBMISSION .—The Secretary 
shall provide to the appropriate congres-sional committees, together with submission of the annual budget justification, informa-tion on the progress within the Department of fulfilling the workforce strategies re-quired under subsection (c).’’. 
SEC. 112. CHIEF SECURITY OFFICER. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title VII of the Homeland 
Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 341 et seq.), as amended by section 109(a) of this Act, is fur-ther amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: 
‘‘SEC. 709. CHIEF SECURITY OFFICER. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—There is a Chief Secu-
rity Officer of the Department, who shall re-port directly to the Under Secretary for Management. 
‘‘(b) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—The Chief Security 
Officer shall— 
‘‘(1) develop and implement the Depart-
ment’s security policies, programs, and standards; 
‘‘(2) identify training and provide edu-
cation to Department personnel on security- related matters; and 
‘‘(3) provide support to Department compo-
nents on security-related matters.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
contents in section 1(b) of such Act is further amended by adding at the end of the items relating to such title the following: 
‘‘Sec. 709. Chief Security Officer.’’. 
SEC. 113. COST SAVINGS AND EFFICIENCY RE-
VIEWS. 
Not later than 1 year after the date of the 
enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security, acting through the Under Secretary for Management of the De-
partment of Homeland Security, shall sub-mit to the Committee on Homeland Security 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:45 Oct 21, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20OC7.008 H20OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6998 October 20, 2015 
of the House of Representatives and the 
Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs of the Senate a report that— 
(1) provides a detailed inventory of the 
management and administrative expendi-tures and activities of the components of the Department and identifies potential cost savings and efficiencies for those expendi-tures and activities of each such component; 
(2) examines the size, experience level, and 
geographic distribution of the operational personnel of the Department, including Cus-toms and Border Protection officers, Border Patrol agents, Customs and Border Protec-tion Air and Marine agents, Customs and Border Protection agriculture specialists, Federal Protective Service law enforcement security officers, Immigration and Customs Enforcement agents, Transportation Secu-rity Administration officers, Federal air marshals, and members of the Coast Guard; and 
(3) makes recommendations for adjust-
ments in the management and administra-tion of the Department that would reduce deficiencies in the Department’s capabilities, reduce costs, and enhance efficiencies. 
SEC. 114. FIELD EFFICIENCIES PLAN. 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 270 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity of the House of Representatives and Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs of the Senate a field effi-ciencies plan that— 
(A) examines the facilities and administra-
tive and logistics functions of components of the Department of Homeland Security lo-cated within designated geographic areas; and 
(B) provides specific recommendations and 
an associated cost-benefit analysis for the consolidation of the facilities and adminis-trative and logistics functions of components of the Department within each designated geographic area. 
(2) C
ONTENTS .—The field efficiencies plan 
submitted under paragraph (1) shall include the following: 
(A) An accounting of leases held by the De-
partment or its components that have ex-pired in the current fiscal year or will be ex-piring in the next fiscal year, that have begun or been renewed in the current fiscal year, or that the Department or its compo-nents plan to sign or renew in the next fiscal year. 
(B)(i) An evaluation for each designated 
geographic area of specific facilities at which components, or operational entities of com-ponents, of the Department may be closed or consolidated, including consideration of when leases expire or facilities owned by the Government become available. 
(ii) The evaluation shall include consider-
ation of potential consolidation with facili-ties of other Federal, State, or local entities, including— 
(I) offices; (II) warehouses; (III) training centers; (IV) housing; (V) ports, shore facilities, and airfields; (VI) laboratories; and (VII) other assets as determined by the 
Secretary. 
(iii) The evaluation shall include the po-
tential for the consolidation of administra-tive and logistics functions, including— 
(I) facility maintenance; (II) fleet vehicle services; (III) mail handling and shipping and re-
ceiving; 
(IV) facility security; (V) procurement of goods and services; (VI) information technology and tele-
communications services and support; and 
(VII) additional ways to improve unity of 
effort and cost savings for field operations and related support activities as determined by the Secretary. 
(C) An implementation plan, including— (i) near-term actions that can co-locate, 
consolidate, or dispose of property within 24 months; 
(ii) identifying long-term occupancy agree-
ments or leases that cannot be changed with-out a significant cost to the Government; and 
(iii) how the Department can ensure it has 
the capacity, in both personnel and funds, needed to cover up-front costs to achieve consolidation and efficiencies. 
(D) An accounting of any consolidation in 
the Department or its component’s real es-tate footprint, including the co-location of personnel from different components, offices, and agencies within the Department. 
SEC. 115. RESOURCES TO RESPOND TO OPER-
ATIONAL SURGES. 
On an annual basis, the Secretary of Home-
land Security shall provide to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs of the Senate information on the cir-cumstances in which the Secretary exercised the authority during the preceding year to reprogram or transfer funds to address un-foreseen costs, including the costs associated with operational surges, and information on any circumstances in which limitations on the transfer or reprogramming of funds im-pacted the Secretary’s ability to address such unforeseen costs. 
SEC. 116. DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY 
ROTATION PROGRAM. 
(a) E NHANCEMENTS TO THE ROTATION PRO-
GRAM .—Section 844(a) of the Homeland Secu-
rity Act of 2002 (6) U.S.C. 414(a)) is amended as follows: 
(1) In paragraph (1)— (A) by striking ‘‘Not later than 180 days 
after the date of enactment of this section, the’’ and inserting ‘‘The’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘for employees of the De-
partment’’ and inserting ‘‘for certain per-sonnel within the Department’’. 
(2) In paragraph (2)— (A) by redesignating subparagraphs (A) 
through (G) as subparagraphs (C) through (I), and inserting before subparagraph (C), as so redesignated, the following: 
‘‘(A) seek to foster greater Departmental 
integration and unity of effort; 
‘‘(B) seek to help enhance the knowledge, 
skills, and abilities of participating per-sonnel with respect to the Department’s pro-grams, policies, and activities;’’; 
(B) in subparagraph (D), as so redesignated, 
by striking ‘‘middle and senior level’’; and 
(C) in subparagraph (G), as so redesignated, 
by inserting before ‘‘invigorate’’ the fol-lowing: ‘‘seek to improve morale and reten-tion throughout the Department and’’. 
(3) In paragraph (3)(B), by striking clause 
(iii) and redesignating clauses (iv) through (viii) as clauses (iii) through (vii). 
(4) By redesignating paragraphs (4) and (5) 
as paragraphs (5) and (6), and inserting after paragraph (3) the following: 
‘‘(4) A
DMINISTRATIVE MATTERS .—In car-
rying out any program established pursuant to this section, the Secretary shall— 
‘‘(A) before selecting employees for partici-
pation in such program, disseminate infor-mation broadly within the Department about the availability of the program, quali-fications for participation in the program, including full-time employment within the employing component or office not less than one year, and the general provisions of the program; ‘‘(B) require each candidate for participa-
tion in the program to be nominated by the head of the candidate’s employing compo-nent or office and that the Secretary, or the Secretary’s designee, select each employee for the program solely on the basis of rel-ative ability, knowledge, and skills, after fair and open competition that assures that all candidates receive equal opportunity; 
‘‘(C) ensure that each employee partici-
pating in the program shall be entitled to re-turn, within a reasonable period of time after the end of the period of participation, to the position held by the employee, or a corresponding or higher position, in the em-ployee’s employing component or office; 
‘‘(D) require that the rights that would be 
available to the employee if the employee were detailed from the employing component or office to another Federal agency or office remain available to the employee during the employee participation in the program; and 
‘‘(E) require that, during the period of par-
ticipation by an employee in the program, performance evaluations for the employee— 
‘‘(i) shall be conducted by officials in the 
employee’s office or component with input from the supervisors of the employee at the component or office in which the employee is placed during that period; and 
‘‘(ii) shall be provided the same weight 
with respect to promotions and other re-wards as performance evaluations for service in the employee’s office or component.’’. 
(b) C
ONGRESSIONAL NOTIFICATION AND OVER-
SIGHT .—Not later than 120 days after the date 
of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall provide informa-tion to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-
ernmental Affairs of the Senate about the status of the homeland security rotation program authorized by section 844 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002, as amended by this section. 
TITLE II—DHS ACQUISITION 
ACCOUNTABILITY AND EFFICIENCY 
SEC. 201. DEFINITIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—In this title: 
(1) S ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ 
means the Secretary of Homeland Security. 
(2) D EPARTMENT .—The term ‘‘Department’’ 
means the Department of Homeland Secu-rity. 
(3) C
ONGRESSIONAL HOMELAND SECURITY  
COMMITTEES .—The term ‘‘congressional 
homeland security committees’’ means— 
(A) the Committee on Homeland Security 
of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs of the Senate; and 
(B) the Committee on Appropriations of 
the House of Representatives and of the Sen-ate. 
(b) A
DDITIONAL DEFINITIONS .—In this title: 
(1) A CQUISITION .—The term ‘‘acquisition’’ 
has the meaning provided in section 131 of title 41, United States Code. 
(2) B
EST PRACTICES .—The term ‘‘best prac-
tices’’, with respect to acquisition, means a knowledge-based approach to capability de-velopment that includes identifying and validating needs; assessing alternatives to select the most appropriate solution; clearly establishing well-defined requirements; de-veloping realistic cost assessments and schedules; securing stable funding that matches resources to requirements; dem-onstrating technology, design, and manufac-turing maturity; using milestones and exit criteria or specific accomplishments that demonstrate progress; adopting and exe-cuting standardized processes with known 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:45 Oct 21, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20OC7.008 H20OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6999 October 20, 2015 
success across programs; establishing an ade-
quate workforce that is qualified and suffi-cient to perform necessary functions; and in-tegrating these capabilities into the Depart-ment’s mission and business operations. 
(c) A
MENDMENTS TO DEFINITIONS IN HOME-
LAND SECURITY ACT OF 2002.—Section 2 of the 
Homeland Security Act of 2002 is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘In this Act,’’ and inserting 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—In this Act,’’; 
(2) in paragraph (2)— (A) by inserting ‘‘(A)’’ after ‘‘(2)’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following new 
subparagraph: 
‘‘(B) The term ‘congressional homeland se-
curity committees’ means— 
‘‘(i) the Committee on Homeland Security 
of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs of the Senate; and 
‘‘(ii) the Committees on Appropriations of 
the House of Representatives and of the Sen-ate, where appropriate.’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following new 
subsection: 
‘‘(b) A
CQUISITION -RELATED DEFINITIONS .—In 
this Act, the following definitions apply: 
‘‘(1) A CQUISITION .—The term ‘acquisition’ 
has the meaning provided in section 131 of title 41, United States Code. 
‘‘(2) A
CQUISITION DECISION AUTHORITY .—The 
term ‘acquisition decision authority’ means the authority, held by the Secretary acting through the Deputy Secretary or Under Sec-retary for Management— 
‘‘(A) to ensure compliance with Federal 
law, the Federal Acquisition Regulation, and Department acquisition management direc-tives; 
‘‘(B) to review (including approving, halt-
ing, modifying, or cancelling) an acquisition program through the life cycle of the pro-gram; 
‘‘(C) to ensure that program managers 
have the resources necessary to successfully execute an approved acquisition program; 
‘‘(D) to ensure good program management 
of cost, schedule, risk, and system perform-ance of the acquisition, including assessing acquisition program baseline breaches and directing any corrective action for such breaches; and 
‘‘(E) to ensure that program managers, on 
an ongoing basis, monitor cost, schedule, and performance against established baselines and use tools to assess risks to a program at all phases of the life cycle of the program to avoid and mitigate acquisition program baseline breaches. 
‘‘(3) A
CQUISITION DECISION EVENT .—The 
term ‘acquisition decision event’, with re-spect to an investment or acquisition pro-gram, means a predetermined point within the acquisition phases of the investment or acquisition program at which the investment or acquisition program will undergo a review prior to commencement of the next phase. 
‘‘(4) A
CQUISITION DECISION MEMORANDUM .— 
The term ‘acquisition decision memo-randum’, with respect to an acquisition, means the official acquisition decision event record that includes a documented record of decisions, exit criteria, and assigned actions for the acquisition as determined by the per-son exercising acquisition decision authority for the acquisition. 
‘‘(5) A
CQUISITION PROGRAM BASELINE .—The 
term ‘acquisition program baseline’, with re-spect to an acquisition program, means a summary of the cost, schedule, and perform-ance parameters, expressed in standard, measurable, quantitative terms, which must be met in order to accomplish the goals of the program. 
‘‘(6) C
APABILITY DEVELOPMENT PLAN .—The 
term ‘capability development plan’, with re-spect to a proposed acquisition, means the document that the Acquisition Review Board approves for the first acquisition decision 
event related to validating the need of a pro-posed acquisition. 
‘‘(7) C
OMPONENT ACQUISITION EXECUTIVE .— 
The term ‘Component Acquisition Executive’ means the senior acquisition official within a component who is designated in writing by the Under Secretary for Management, in consultation with the component head, with authority and responsibility for leading a process and staff to provide acquisition and program management oversight, policy, and guidance to ensure that statutory, regu-latory, and higher level policy requirements are fulfilled, including compliance with Fed-eral law, the Federal Acquisition Regulation, and Department acquisition management di-rectives established by the Under Secretary for Management. 
‘‘(8) L
IFE CYCLE COST .—The term ‘life cycle 
cost’, with respect to an acquisition pro-gram, means all costs associated with re-search, development, procurement, oper-ation, integrated logistics support, and dis-posal under the program, including sup-porting infrastructure that plans, manages, and executes the program over its full life, and costs of common support items incurred as a result of the program. 
‘‘(9) M
AJOR ACQUISITION PROGRAM .—The 
term ‘major acquisition program’ means a Department acquisition program that is esti-mated by the Secretary to require an even-tual total expenditure of at least $300,000,000 (based on fiscal year 2015 constant dollars) over its life cycle cost.’’. 
Subtitle A—Acquisition Authorities 
SEC. 211. ACQUISITION AUTHORITIES FOR 
UNDER SECRETARY FOR MANAGE-MENT. 
Section 701 of the Homeland Security Act 
of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 341), as amended by section 107 of this Act, is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(e) A
CQUISITION AND RELATED RESPON -
SIBILITIES .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding section 
1702(b) of title 41, United States Code, the Under Secretary for Management is the Chief Acquisition Officer of the Department. As Chief Acquisition Officer, the Under Sec-retary shall have the authority and perform the functions as specified in section 1702(b) of such title, and perform all other functions and responsibilities delegated by the Sec-retary or described in this subsection. 
‘‘(2) D
UTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES .—In addi-
tion to the authority and functions specified in section 1702(b) of title 41, United States Code, the duties and responsibilities of the Under Secretary for Management related to acquisition include the following: 
‘‘(A) Advising the Secretary regarding ac-
quisition management activities, taking into account risks of failure to achieve cost, schedule, or performance parameters, to en-sure that the Department achieves its mis-sion through the adoption of widely accepted program management best practices and standards. 
‘‘(B) Exercising the acquisition decision 
authority to approve, halt, modify (including the rescission of approvals of program mile-stones), or cancel major acquisition pro-grams, unless the Under Secretary delegates the authority to a Component Acquisition Executive pursuant to paragraph (3). 
‘‘(C) Establishing policies for acquisition 
that implement an approach that takes into account risks of failure to achieve cost, schedule, or performance parameters that all components of the Department shall comply with, including outlining relevant authori-ties for program managers to effectively manage acquisition programs. 
‘‘(D) Ensuring that each major acquisition 
program has a Department-approved acquisi-tion program baseline, pursuant to the De-
partment’s acquisition management policy. 
‘‘(E) Ensuring that the heads of compo-
nents and Component Acquisition Executives comply with Federal law, the Federal Acqui-sition Regulation, and Department acquisi-tion management directives. 
‘‘(F) Ensuring that grants and financial as-
sistance are provided only to individuals and organizations that are not suspended or debarred. 
‘‘(G) Distributing guidance throughout the 
Department to ensure that contractors in-volved in acquisitions, particularly compa-nies that access the Department’s informa-tion systems and technologies, adhere to in-
ternal cybersecurity policies established by the Department of Homeland Security. 
‘‘(3) D
ELEGATION OF ACQUISITION DECISION  
AUTHORITY .— 
‘‘(A) L EVEL 3 ACQUISITIONS .—The Under 
Secretary for Management may delegate ac-quisition decision authority in writing to the relevant Component Acquisition Executive for an acquisition program that has a life cycle cost estimate of less than $300,000,000. 
‘‘(B) L
EVEL 2 ACQUISITIONS .—The Under 
Secretary for Management may delegate ac-quisition decision authority in writing to the relevant Component Acquisition Executive for a major acquisition program that has a life cycle cost estimate of at least $300,000,000 but not more than $1,000,000,000 if all of the following requirements are met: 
‘‘(i) The component concerned possesses 
working policies, processes, and procedures that are consistent with Department-level acquisition policy. 
‘‘(ii) The Component Acquisition Executive 
has adequate, experienced, dedicated pro-gram management professional staff com-mensurate with the size of the delegated portfolio. 
‘‘(iii) Each major acquisition program con-
cerned has written documentation showing that it has a Department-approved acquisi-tion program baseline and it is meeting agreed-upon cost, schedule, and performance thresholds. 
‘‘(4) E
XCLUDED PARTIES LIST SYSTEM CON -
SULTATION .—The Under Secretary for Man-
agement shall require that all Department contracting and procurement officials con-sult the Excluded Parties List System (or successor system) as maintained by the Gen-eral Services Administration prior to award-ing a contract or grant or entering into other transactions to ascertain whether the selected contractor is excluded from receiv-ing Federal contracts, certain subcontracts, and certain types of Federal financial and nonfinancial assistance and benefits. 
‘‘(5) R
ELATIONSHIP TO UNDER SECRETARY  
FOR SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Nothing in this sub-
section shall diminish the authority granted to the Under Secretary for Science and Tech-nology under this Act. The Under Secretary for Management and the Under Secretary for Science and Technology shall cooperate in matters related to the coordination of acqui-sitions across the Department so that invest-ments of the Directorate of Science and Technology can support current and future requirements of the components. 
‘‘(B) O
PERATIONAL TESTING AND EVALUA -
TION.—The Under Secretary for Science and 
Technology shall— 
‘‘(i) ensure, in coordination with relevant 
component heads, that major acquisition programs— 
‘‘(I) complete operational testing and eval-
uation of technologies and systems; 
‘‘(II) use independent verification and vali-
dation of operational test and evaluation im-plementation and results; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:45 Oct 21, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20OC7.008 H20OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7000 October 20, 2015 
‘‘(III) document whether such programs 
meet all performance requirements included in their acquisition program baselines; 
‘‘(ii) ensure that such operational testing 
and evaluation includes all system compo-nents and incorporates operators into the testing to ensure that systems perform as in-tended in the appropriate operational set-ting; and 
‘‘(iii) determine if testing conducted by 
other Federal agencies and private entities is relevant and sufficient in determining whether systems perform as intended in the operational setting.’’. 
SEC. 212. ACQUISITION AUTHORITIES FOR CHIEF 
FINANCIAL OFFICER. 
Section 702 of the Homeland Security Act 
of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 342), as amended by section 108 of this Act, is further amended by adding at the end of subsection (c)(2) the following new subparagraph: 
‘‘(J) Notwithstanding section 902 of title 
31, United States Code, provide leadership over financial management policy and pro-grams for the Department as they relate to the Department’s acquisitions programs, in consultation with the Under Secretary for Management.’’. 
SEC. 213. ACQUISITION AUTHORITIES FOR CHIEF 
INFORMATION OFFICER. 
Section 703 of the Homeland Security Act 
of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 343), as amended by section 110(a) of this Act, is further amended by add-ing at the end the following new subsection: 
‘‘(f) A
CQUISITION RESPONSIBILITIES .—Not-
withstanding section 11315 of title 40, United States Code, the acquisition responsibilities of the Chief Information Officer, in consulta-tion with the Under Secretary for Manage-ment, shall include the following: 
‘‘(1) Oversee the management of the Home-
land Security Enterprise Architecture and ensure that, before each acquisition decision event, approved information technology ac-quisitions comply with departmental infor-mation technology management processes, technical requirements, and the Homeland Security Enterprise Architecture, and in any case in which information technology acqui-sitions do not comply with the Department’s management directives, make recommenda-tions to the Acquisition Review Board re-garding such noncompliance. 
‘‘(2) Be responsible for providing rec-
ommendations to the Acquisition Review Board established in section 836 of this Act on information technology programs, and be responsible for developing information tech-nology acquisition strategic guidance.’’. 
SEC. 214. REQUIREMENTS TO ENSURE GREATER 
ACCOUNTABILITY FOR ACQUISITION PROGRAMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title VII of the Homeland 
Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 341 et seq.), as amended by sections 109(a) and 112(a) of this Act, is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 710. REQUIREMENTS TO ENSURE GREATER 
ACCOUNTABILITY FOR ACQUISITION PROGRAMS. 
‘‘(a) R EQUIREMENT TOESTABLISH MECHA -
NISM.—Within the Management Directorate, 
the Under Secretary for Management shall establish a mechanism to prioritize improv-ing the accountability, standardization, and transparency of major acquisition programs of the Department in order to increase op-portunities for effectiveness and efficiencies and to serve as the central oversight func-tion of all Department acquisition programs. 
‘‘(b) R
ESPONSIBILITIES OF EXECUTIVE DIREC-
TOR.—The Under Secretary for Management 
shall designate an Executive Director to oversee the requirement under subsection (a). The Executive Director shall report di-rectly to the Under Secretary and shall carry out the following responsibilities: ‘‘(1) Monitor the performance of Depart-
ment acquisition programs regularly be-tween acquisition decision events to identify problems with cost, performance, or schedule that components may need to address to pre-vent cost overruns, performance issues, or schedule delays. 
‘‘(2) Assist the Under Secretary for Man-
agement in managing the Department’s ac-quisition portfolio. 
‘‘(3) Conduct oversight of individual acqui-
sition programs to implement Department acquisition program policy, procedures, and 
guidance with a priority on ensuring the data it collects and maintains from its com-ponents is accurate and reliable. 
‘‘(4) Serve as the focal point and coordi-
nator for the acquisition life cycle review process and as the executive secretariat for the Acquisition Review Board established under section 836 of this Act. 
‘‘(5) Advise the persons having acquisition 
decision authority in making acquisition de-cisions consistent with all applicable laws and in establishing clear lines of authority, accountability, and responsibility for acqui-sition decisionmaking within the Depart-ment. 
‘‘(6) Engage in the strategic planning and 
performance evaluation process required under section 306 of title 5, United States Code, and sections 1105(a)(28), 1115, 1116, and 9703 of title 31, United States Code, by sup-porting the Chief Procurement Officer in de-veloping strategies and specific plans for hir-ing, training, and professional development in order to rectify any deficiency within the Department’s acquisition workforce. 
‘‘(7) Oversee the Component Acquisition 
Executive structure to ensure it has suffi-cient capabilities and complies with Depart-ment policies. 
‘‘(8) Develop standardized certification 
standards in consultation with the Compo-nent Acquisition Executives for all acquisi-tion program managers. 
‘‘(9) In the event that a program manager’s 
certification or actions need review for pur-poses of promotion or removal, provide input, in consultation with the relevant Component Acquisition Executive, into the relevant program manager’s performance evaluation, and report positive or negative experiences to the relevant certifying au-thority. 
‘‘(10) Provide technical support and assist-
ance to Department acquisitions and acquisi-tion personnel in conjunction with the Chief Procurement Officer. 
‘‘(11) Prepare the Department’s Com-
prehensive Acquisition Status Report, as re-quired by the Department of Homeland Secu-rity Appropriations Act, 2013 (division D of Public Law 113–6; 127 Stat. 343) and section 840 of this Act, and make such report avail-able to congressional homeland security committees. 
‘‘(12) Prepare the Department’s Quarterly 
Program Accountability Report as required by section 840 of this Act, and make such re-port available to the congressional homeland security committees. 
‘‘(c) R
ESPONSIBILITIES OF COMPONENTS .— 
Each head of a component shall comply with Federal law, the Federal Acquisition Regula-tion, and Department acquisition manage-ment directives established by the Under Secretary for Management. For each major acquisition program, each head of a compo-nent shall— 
‘‘(1) define baseline requirements and docu-
ment changes to those requirements, as ap-propriate; 
‘‘(2) establish a complete life cycle cost es-
timate with supporting documentation, in-cluding an acquisition program baseline; ‘‘(3) verify each life cycle cost estimate 
against independent cost estimates, and rec-oncile any differences; 
‘‘(4) complete a cost-benefit analysis with 
supporting documentation; 
‘‘(5) develop and maintain a schedule that 
is consistent with scheduling best practices as identified by the Comptroller General of the United States, including, in appropriate cases, an integrated master schedule; and 
‘‘(6) ensure that all acquisition program in-
formation provided by the component is complete, accurate, timely, and valid. 
‘‘SEC. 711. ACQUISITION DOCUMENTATION. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—For each major acquisi-
tion program, the Executive Director respon-sible for the preparation of the Comprehen-sive Acquisition Status Report, pursuant to paragraph (11) of section 710(b), shall require certain acquisition documentation to be sub-mitted by Department components or of-fices. 
‘‘(b) W
AIVER .—The Secretary may waive 
the requirement for submission under sub-section (a) for a program for a fiscal year if either— 
‘‘(1) the program has not— ‘‘(A) entered the full rate production phase 
in the acquisition life cycle; 
‘‘(B) had a reasonable cost estimate estab-
lished; and 
‘‘(C) had a system configuration defined 
fully; or 
‘‘(2) the program does not meet the defini-
tion of ‘capital asset’, as defined by the Di-rector of the Office of Management and Budget. 
‘‘(c) C
ONGRESSIONAL OVERSIGHT .—At the 
same time the President’s budget is sub-mitted for a fiscal year under section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs of the Senate information on the exercise of authority under subsection (b) in the prior fiscal year that includes the following specific information regarding each program for which a waiver is issued under subsection (b): 
‘‘(1) The grounds for granting a waiver for 
that program. 
‘‘(2) The projected cost of that program. ‘‘(3) The proportion of a component’s an-
nual acquisition budget attributed to that program, as available. 
‘‘(4) Information on the significance of the 
program with respect to the component’s op-erations and execution of its mission.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 101 et seq.) is fur-ther amended by adding after the item relat-ing to section 709 the following new item: 
‘‘Sec. 710. Requirements to ensure greater 
accountability for acquisition programs. 
‘‘Sec. 711. Acquisition documentation.’’. 
Subtitle B—Acquisition Program 
Management Discipline 
SEC. 221. ACQUISITION REVIEW BOARD. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle D of title VIII of 
the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 391 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 836. ACQUISITION REVIEW BOARD. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall es-
tablish an Acquisition Review Board (in this section referred to as the ‘Board’) to strengthen accountability and uniformity within the Department acquisition review process, review major acquisition programs, and review the use of best practices. 
‘‘(b) C
OMPOSITION .—The Deputy Secretary 
or Under Secretary for Management shall serve as chair of the Board. The Secretary 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:45 Oct 21, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20OC7.008 H20OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7001 October 20, 2015 
shall also ensure participation by other rel-
evant Department officials, including at least 2 component heads or their designees, as permanent members of the Board. 
‘‘(c) M
EETINGS .—The Board shall meet 
every time a major acquisition program needs authorization to proceed from acquisi-tion decision events through the acquisition life cycle and to consider any major acquisi-tion program in breach as necessary. The Board may also be convened for non-major acquisitions that are deemed high-risk by the Executive Director referred to in section 710(b) of this Act. The Board shall also meet regularly for purposes of ensuring all acqui-sitions processes proceed in a timely fashion to achieve mission readiness. 
‘‘(d) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—The responsibil-
ities of the Board are as follows: 
‘‘(1) Determine whether a proposed acquisi-
tion has met the requirements of key phases of the acquisition life cycle framework and is able to proceed to the next phase and eventual full production and deployment. 
‘‘(2) Oversee executable business strategy, 
resources, management, accountability, and alignment to strategic initiatives. 
‘‘(3) Support the person with acquisition 
decision authority for an acquisition in de-termining the appropriate direction for the acquisition at key acquisition decision events. 
‘‘(4) Conduct systematic reviews of acquisi-
tions to ensure that they are progressing in compliance with the approved documents for their current acquisition phase. 
‘‘(5) Review the acquisition documents of 
each major acquisition program, including the acquisition program baseline and docu-mentation reflecting consideration of trade-offs among cost, schedule, and performance objectives, to ensure the reliability of under-lying data. 
‘‘(6) Ensure that practices are adopted and 
implemented to require consideration of trade-offs among cost, schedule, and per-formance objectives as part of the process for developing requirements for major acquisi-tion programs prior to the initiation of the second acquisition decision event, including, at a minimum, the following practices: 
‘‘(A) Department officials responsible for 
acquisition, budget, and cost estimating functions are provided with the appropriate opportunity to develop estimates and raise cost and schedule matters before perform-ance objectives are established for capabili-ties when feasible. 
‘‘(B) Full consideration of possible trade- 
offs among cost, schedule, and performance objectives for each alternative is considered. 
‘‘(e) A
CQUISITION PROGRAM BASELINE RE-
PORT REQUIREMENT .—If the person exercising 
acquisition decision authority over a major acquisition program approves the program to proceed into the planning phase before it has 
a Department-approved acquisition program baseline, then the Under Secretary for Man-agement shall create and approve an acquisi-tion program baseline report on the decision, and the Secretary shall— 
‘‘(1) within 7 days after an acquisition deci-
sion memorandum is signed, notify in writ-ing the congressional homeland security committees of such decision; and 
‘‘(2) within 60 days after the acquisition de-
cision memorandum is signed, submit a re-port to such committees stating the ration-ale for the decision and a plan of action to require an acquisition program baseline for the program. 
‘‘(f) B
ESTPRACTICES DEFINED .—In this sec-
tion, the term ‘best practices’ has the mean-ing provided in section 4(b) of the DHS Head-quarters Reform and Improvement Act of 2015.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 101 et seq.) is fur-
ther amended by adding after the item relat-ing to section 835 the following new item: 
‘‘Sec. 836. Acquisition Review Board.’’. 
SEC. 222. REQUIREMENTS TO REDUCE DUPLICA-
TION IN ACQUISITION PROGRAMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle D of title VIII of 
the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 391 et seq.) is further amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 837. REQUIREMENTS TO REDUCE DUPLICA-
TION IN ACQUISITION PROGRAMS. 
‘‘(a) R EQUIREMENT TO ESTABLISH POLI-
CIES.—In an effort to reduce unnecessary du-
plication and inefficiency for all Department investments, including major acquisition programs, the Deputy Secretary, in con-sultation with the Under Secretary for Man-agement, shall establish Department-wide policies to integrate all phases of the invest-ment life cycle and help the Department identify, validate, and prioritize common component requirements for major acquisi-tion programs in order to increase opportu-nities for effectiveness and efficiencies. The policies shall also include strategic alter-natives for developing and facilitating a De-partment component-driven requirements process that includes oversight of a develop-ment test and evaluation capability; identi-fication of priority gaps and overlaps in De-partment capability needs; and provision of feasible technical alternatives, including in-novative commercially available alter-natives, to meet capability needs. 
‘‘(b) M
ECHANISMS TO CARRY OUTREQUIRE -
MENT .—The Under Secretary for Manage-
ment shall coordinate the actions necessary to carry out subsection (a), using such mech-anisms as considered necessary by the Sec-retary to help the Department reduce unnec-essary duplication and inefficiency for all Department investments, including major acquisition programs. 
‘‘(c) C
OORDINATION .—In coordinating the 
actions necessary to carry out subsection (a), the Deputy Secretary shall consult with the Under Secretary for Management, Com-ponent Acquisition Executives, and any other Department officials, including the Under Secretary for Science and Technology or his designee, with specific knowledge of Department or component acquisition capa-bilities to prevent unnecessary duplication of requirements. 
‘‘(d) A
DVISORS .—The Deputy Secretary, in 
consultation with the Under Secretary for Management, shall seek and consider input within legal and ethical boundaries from members of Federal, State, local, and tribal governments, nonprofit organizations, and the private sector, as appropriate, on mat-ters within their authority and expertise in carrying out the Department’s mission. 
‘‘(e) M
EETINGS .—The Deputy Secretary, in 
consultation with the Under Secretary for Management, shall meet at least quarterly and communicate with components often to ensure that components do not overlap or duplicate spending or activities on major in-vestments and acquisition programs within their areas of responsibility. 
‘‘(f) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—In carrying out 
this section, the responsibilities of the Dep-uty Secretary, in consultation with the Under Secretary for Management, are as fol-lows: 
‘‘(1) To review and validate the require-
ments documents of major investments and acquisition programs prior to acquisition de-cision events of the investments or pro-grams. 
‘‘(2) To ensure the requirements and scope 
of a major investment or acquisition pro-gram are stable, measurable, achievable, at an acceptable risk level, and match the re-sources planned to be available. ‘‘(3) Before any entity of the Department 
issues a solicitation for a new contract, co-ordinate with other Department entities as appropriate to prevent unnecessary duplica-tion and inefficiency and— 
‘‘(A) to implement portfolio reviews to 
identify common mission requirements and crosscutting opportunities among compo-nents to harmonize investments and require-ments and prevent unnecessary overlap and duplication among components; and 
‘‘(B) to the extent practicable, to stand-
ardize equipment purchases, streamline the acquisition process, improve efficiencies, and conduct best practices for strategic sourcing. 
‘‘(4) To ensure program managers of major 
investments and acquisition programs con-duct analyses, giving particular attention to factors such as cost, schedule, risk, perform-ance, and operational efficiency in order to determine that programs work as intended within cost and budget expectations. 
‘‘(5) To propose schedules for delivery of 
the operational capability needed to meet each Department investment and major ac-quisition program. 
‘‘(g) B
ESTPRACTICES DEFINED .—In this sec-
tion, the term ‘best practices’ has the mean-ing provided in section 4(b) of the DHS Head-quarters Reform and Improvement Act of 2015.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 101 et seq.) is fur-ther amended by adding after the item relat-ing to section 836 the following new item: 
‘‘Sec. 837. Requirements to reduce duplica-
tion in acquisition programs.’’. 
SEC. 223. GOVERNMENT ACCOUNTABILITY OF-
FICE REVIEW OF BOARD AND OF RE-QUIREMENTS TO REDUCE DUPLICA-TION IN ACQUISITION PROGRAMS. 
(a) R EVIEW REQUIRED .—The Comptroller 
General of the United States shall conduct a review of the effectiveness of the Acquisition Review Board established under section 836 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (as added by section 221) and the requirements to reduce unnecessary duplication in acquisi-tion programs established under section 837 of such Act (as added by section 222) in im-proving the Department’s acquisition man-agement process. 
(b) S
COPE OF REPORT .—The review shall in-
clude the following: 
(1) An assessment of the effectiveness of 
the Board in increasing program manage-ment oversight, best practices and stand-ards, and discipline among the components of the Department, including in working to-gether and in preventing overlap and unnec-essary duplication. 
(2) An assessment of the effectiveness of 
the Board in instilling program management discipline. 
(3) A statement of how regularly each 
major acquisition program is reviewed by the Board, how often the Board stops major acquisition programs from moving forward 
in the phases of the acquisition life cycle process, and the number of major acquisition programs that have been halted because of problems with operational effectiveness, schedule delays, or cost overruns. 
(4) An assessment of the effectiveness of 
the Board in impacting acquisition decision-making within the Department, including the degree to which the Board impacts deci-sionmaking within other headquarters mech-anisms and bodies involved in the adminis-tration of acquisition activities. 
(c) R
EPORT REQUIRED .—The Comptroller 
General shall submit to the congressional homeland security committees a report on the review required by this section not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act. The report shall be submitted in unclassified form but may include a classi-fied annex. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:45 Oct 21, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20OC7.008 H20OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7002 October 20, 2015 
SEC. 224. EXCLUDED PARTY LIST SYSTEM WAIV-
ERS. 
The Secretary of Homeland Security shall 
provide notification to the congressional homeland security committees within 5 days after the issuance of a waiver by the Sec-retary of Federal requirements that an agen-cy not engage in business with a contractor in the Excluded Party List System (or suc-cessor system) as maintained by the General Services Administration and an explanation for a finding by the Secretary that a compel-ling reason exists for this action. 
SEC. 225. INSPECTOR GENERAL OVERSIGHT OF 
SUSPENSION AND DEBARMENT. 
The Inspector General of the Department 
of Homeland Security— 
(1) may audit decisions about grant and 
procurement awards to identify instances where a contract or grant was improperly awarded to a suspended or debarred entity and whether corrective actions were taken to prevent recurrence; and 
(2) shall review the suspension and debar-
ment program throughout the Department of Homeland Security to assess whether sus-pension and debarment criteria are consist-ently applied throughout the Department and whether disparities exist in the applica-tion of such criteria, particularly with re-spect to business size and categories. 
Subtitle C—Acquisition Program Manage-
ment Accountability and Transparency 
SEC. 231. CONGRESSIONAL NOTIFICATION AND 
OTHER REQUIREMENTS FOR MAJOR ACQUISITION PROGRAM BREACH. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle D of title VIII of 
the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 391 et seq.) is further amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 838. CONGRESSIONAL NOTIFICATION AND 
OTHER REQUIREMENTS FOR MAJOR ACQUISITION PROGRAM BREACH. 
‘‘(a) B REACH DEFINED .—The term ‘breach’, 
with respect to a major acquisition program, means a failure to meet any cost, schedule, or performance parameter specified in the acquisition program baseline. 
‘‘(b) R
EQUIREMENTS WITHIN DEPARTMENT IF  
BREACH OCCURS .— 
‘‘(1) N OTIFICATIONS .— 
‘‘(A) N OTIFICATION OF BREACH .—If a breach 
occurs in a major acquisition program, the program manager for that program shall no-tify the Component Acquisition Executive for the program, the head of the component concerned, the Executive Director referred to in section 710(b) of this Act, the Under Secretary for Management, and the Deputy Secretary. 
‘‘(B) N
OTIFICATION TO SECRETARY .—If a 
major acquisition program has a breach with a cost overrun greater than 15 percent or a schedule delay greater than 180 days from the costs or schedule set forth in the acquisi-tion program baseline for the program, the Secretary and the Inspector General of the Department shall be notified not later than 5 business days after the breach is identified. 
‘‘(2) R
EMEDIATION PLAN AND ROOT CAUSE  
ANALYSIS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—In the case of a breach 
with a cost overrun greater than 15 percent or a schedule delay greater than 180 days from the costs or schedule set forth in the acquisition program baseline, a remediation plan and root cause analysis is required, and the Under Secretary for Management or his designee shall establish a date for submis-sion within the Department of a breach re-mediation plan and root cause analysis in ac-cordance with this subsection. 
‘‘(B) R
EMEDIATION PLAN .—The remediation 
plan required under this subsection shall be submitted in writing to the head of the com-ponent concerned, the Executive Director re-ferred to in section 710(b) of this Act, and the Under Secretary for Management. The plan 
shall— 
‘‘(i) explain the circumstances of the 
breach; 
‘‘(ii) provide prior cost estimating informa-
tion; 
‘‘(iii) propose corrective action to control 
cost growth, schedule delays, or performance issues; 
‘‘(iv) in coordination with Component Ac-
quisition Executive, discuss all options con-sidered, including the estimated impact on cost, schedule, or performance of the pro-gram if no changes are made to current re-quirements, the estimated cost of the pro-gram if requirements are modified, and the extent to which funding from other programs will need to be reduced to cover the cost growth of the program; and 
‘‘(v) explain the rationale for why the pro-
posed corrective action is recommended. 
‘‘(C) R
OOT CAUSE ANALYSIS .—The root cause 
analysis required under this subsection shall determine the underlying cause or causes of shortcomings in cost, schedule, or perform-ance of the program, including the role, if any, of the following: 
‘‘(i) Unrealistic performance expectations. ‘‘(ii) Unrealistic baseline estimates for cost 
or schedule or changes in program require-ments. 
‘‘(iii) Immature technologies or excessive 
manufacturing or integration risk. 
‘‘(iv) Unanticipated design, engineering, 
manufacturing, or technology integration issues arising during program performance. 
‘‘(v) Changes in procurement quantities. ‘‘(vi) Inadequate program funding or 
changes in planned out-year funding from 1 5-year funding plan to the next 5-year fund-ing plan as outlined in the Future Years Homeland Security Program required under section 874 of this Act. 
‘‘(vii) Legislative, legal, or regulatory 
changes. 
‘‘(viii) Inadequate program management 
personnel, including lack of training, creden-tials, certifications, or use of best practices. 
‘‘(3) C
ORRECTION OF BREACH .—The Under 
Secretary for Management or his designee shall establish a date for submission within 
the Department of a program of corrective action that ensures that 1 of the following actions has occurred: 
‘‘(A) The breach has been corrected and the 
program is again in compliance with the original acquisition program baseline param-eters. 
‘‘(B) A revised acquisition program base-
line has been approved. 
‘‘(C) The program has been halted or can-
celled. 
‘‘(c) R
EQUIREMENTS RELATING TO CONGRES -
SIONAL NOTIFICATION IF BREACH OCCURS .— 
‘‘(1) N OTIFICATION TO CONGRESS .—If a notifi-
cation is made under subsection (b)(1)(B) for a breach in a major acquisition program with a cost overrun greater than 15 percent or a schedule delay greater than 180 days from the costs or schedule set forth in the acquisition program baseline, or with an an-ticipated failure for any key performance threshold or parameter specified in the ac-quisition program baseline, the Under Sec-retary for Management shall notify the con-gressional homeland security committees of the breach in the next quarterly Comprehen-sive Acquisition Status Report after the Under Secretary for Management receives the notification from the program manager under subsection (b)(1)(B). 
‘‘(2) S
UBSTANTIAL VARIANCES IN COSTS OR  
SCHEDULE .—If a likely cost overrun is greater 
than 20 percent or a likely delay is greater than 12 months from the costs and schedule set forth in the acquisition program baseline for a major acquisition program, the Under Secretary for Management shall include in the notification required in (c)(1) a written 
certification, with supporting explanation, that— 
‘‘(A) the acquisition is essential to the ac-
complishment of the Department’s mission; 
‘‘(B) there are no alternatives to such ca-
pability or asset that will provide equal or greater capability in both a more cost-effec-tive and timely manner; 
‘‘(C) the new acquisition schedule and esti-
mates for total acquisition cost are reason-able; and 
‘‘(D) the management structure for the ac-
quisition program is adequate to manage and control performance, cost, and schedule. 
‘‘(3) S
UBMISSIONS TO CONGRESS .—Not later 
than 30 calendar days after submission to such committees of a breach notification under paragraph (1) of this section for a major acquisition program, the Under Sec-retary for Management shall submit to such committees the following: 
‘‘(A) A copy of the remediation plan and 
the root cause analysis prepared under sub-section (b)(2) for the program. 
‘‘(B) A statement describing the corrective 
action or actions that have occurred pursu-ant to subsection (b)(3) for the program, with a justification for the action or actions. 
‘‘(d) A
DDITIONAL ACTIONS IF BREACH OC-
CURS .— 
‘‘(1) P ROHIBITION ON OBLIGATION OF FUNDS .— 
During the 90-day period following submis-sion under subsection (c)(3) of a remediation plan, root cause analysis, and statement of corrective actions with respect to a major acquisition program, the Under Secretary for Management shall submit a certification de-scribed in paragraph (2) of this subsection to the congressional homeland security com-mittees. If the Under Secretary for Manage-ment does not submit such certification by the end of such 90-day period, then funds ap-propriated to the major acquisition program shall not be obligated until the Under Sec-retary for Management submits such certifi-cation. 
‘‘(2) C
ERTIFICATION .—For purposes of para-
graph (1), the certification described in this paragraph is a certification that— 
‘‘(A) the Department has adjusted or re-
structured the program in a manner that ad-dresses the root cause or causes of the cost growth in the program; and 
‘‘(B) the Department has conducted a thor-
ough review of the breached program’s acqui-sition decision event approvals and the cur-rent acquisition decision event approval for the breached program has been adjusted as necessary to account for the restructured program.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 101 et seq.) is fur-ther amended by adding after the item relat-ing to section 837 the following new item: 
‘‘Sec. 838. Congressional notification and 
other requirements for major acquisition program breach.’’. 
SEC. 232. MULTIYEAR ACQUISITION STRATEGY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .— 
(1) A MENDMENT .—Subtitle D of title VIII of 
the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 391 et seq.) is further amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 839. MULTIYEAR ACQUISITION STRATEGY. 
‘‘(a) M ULTIYEAR ACQUISITION STRATEGY RE-
QUIRED .—Not later than 1 year after the date 
of the enactment of this section, the Sec-retary shall submit to the appropriate home-land security committees a multiyear acqui-sition strategy to guide the overall direction of the acquisitions of the Department while allowing flexibility to deal with ever-chang-ing threats and risks and to help industry better understand, plan, and align resources to meet the future acquisition needs of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:45 Oct 21, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20OC7.008 H20OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7003 October 20, 2015 
Department. The strategy shall be updated 
and included in each Future Years Homeland Security Program required under section 874 of this Act. 
‘‘(b) C
ONSULTATION .—In developing the 
strategy, the Secretary shall consult with others as the Secretary deems appropriate, including headquarters, components, em-ployees in the field, and when appropriate, individuals from industry and the academic community. 
‘‘(c) F
ORM OF STRATEGY .—The report shall 
be submitted in unclassified form but may include a classified annex for any sensitive or classified information if necessary. The Department also shall publish the plan in an unclassified format that is publicly avail-able. 
‘‘(d) C
ONTENTS OF STRATEGY .—The strategy 
shall include the following: 
‘‘(1) P RIORITIZED LIST .—A systematic and 
integrated prioritized list developed by the Under Secretary for Management or his des-ignee in coordination with all of the Compo-
nent Acquisition Executives of Department major acquisition programs that Department and component acquisition investments seek to address, that includes the expected secu-rity and economic benefit of the program or system and an analysis of how the security and economic benefit derived from the pro-gram or system will be measured. 
‘‘(2) I
NVENTORY .—A plan to develop a reli-
able Department-wide inventory of invest-ments and real property assets to help the Department plan, budget, schedule, and ac-quire upgrades of its systems and equipment and plan for the acquisition and manage-ment of future systems and equipment. 
‘‘(3) F
UNDING GAPS .—A plan to address 
funding gaps between funding requirements for major acquisition programs and known available resources including, to the max-imum extent practicable, ways of leveraging best practices to identify and eliminate over-payment for items to prevent wasteful pur-chasing, achieve the greatest level of effi-ciency and cost savings by rationalizing pur-chases, aligning pricing for similar items, and utilizing purchase timing and economies of scale. 
‘‘(4) I
DENTIFICATION OF CAPABILITIES .—An 
identification of test, evaluation, modeling, and simulation capabilities that will be re-quired to support the acquisition of the tech-nologies to meet the needs of the plan and ways to leverage to the greatest extent pos-sible the emerging technology trends and re-search and development trends within the public and private sectors and an identifica-tion of ways to ensure that the appropriate technology is acquired and integrated into the Department’s operating doctrine and procured in ways that improve mission per-formance. 
‘‘(5) F
OCUS ON FLEXIBLE SOLUTIONS .—An as-
sessment of ways the Department can im-prove its ability to test and acquire innova-tive solutions to allow needed incentives and protections for appropriate risk-taking in order to meet its acquisition needs with re-siliency, agility, and responsiveness to as-sure the Nation’s homeland security and fa-cilitate trade. 
‘‘(6) F
OCUS ON INCENTIVES TO SAVE TAX -
PAYER DOLLARS .—An assessment of ways the 
Department can develop incentives for pro-gram managers and senior Department ac-quisition officials to prevent cost overruns, avoid schedule delays, and achieve cost sav-ings in major acquisition programs. 
‘‘(7) F
OCUS ON ADDRESSING DELAYS AND BID  
PROTESTS .—An assessment of ways the De-
partment can improve the acquisition proc-ess to minimize cost overruns in require-ments development, procurement announce-ments, requests for proposals, evaluation of proposals, protests of decisions and awards and through the use of best practices as de-
fined in section 4(b) of the DHS Headquarters Reform and Improvement Act of 2015 and les-sons learned by the Department and other Federal agencies. 
‘‘(8) F
OCUS ON IMPROVING OUTREACH .—An 
identification and assessment of ways to in-crease opportunities for communication and collaboration with industry, small and dis-advantaged businesses, intra-government en-tities, university centers of excellence, ac-credited certification and standards develop-ment organizations, and national labora-tories to ensure that the Department under-stands the market for technologies, prod-ucts, and innovation that is available to meet its mission needs to inform the require-ments-setting process and before engaging in an acquisition, including— 
‘‘(A) methods designed especially to engage 
small and disadvantaged businesses and a cost-benefit analysis of the tradeoffs that small and disadvantaged businesses provide, barriers to entry for small and disadvan-taged businesses, and unique requirements for small and disadvantaged businesses; and 
‘‘(B) within the Department Vendor Com-
munication Plan and Market Research Guide, instructions for interaction by pro-gram managers with such entities to prevent misinterpretation of acquisition regulations 
and to permit freedom within legal and eth-ical boundaries for program managers to interact with such businesses with trans-parency. 
‘‘(9) C
OMPETITION .—A plan regarding com-
petition as described in subsection (e). 
‘‘(10) A CQUISITION WORKFORCE .—A plan re-
garding the Department acquisition work-force as described in subsection (f). 
‘‘(11) F
EASIBILITY OF WORKFORCE DEVELOP -
MENT FUND PILOT PROGRAM .—An assessment 
of the feasibility of conducting a pilot pro-gram to establish an acquisition workforce development fund as described in subsection (g). 
‘‘(e) C
OMPETITION PLAN.—The strategy 
shall also include a plan (referred to in sub-section (d)(9)) that shall address actions to ensure competition, or the option of com-petition, for major acquisition programs. The plan may include assessments of the fol-lowing measures in appropriate cases if such measures are cost effective: 
‘‘(1) Competitive prototyping. ‘‘(2) Dual-sourcing. ‘‘(3) Unbundling of contracts. ‘‘(4) Funding of next-generation prototype 
systems or subsystems. 
‘‘(5) Use of modular, open architectures to 
enable competition for upgrades. 
‘‘(6) Acquisition of complete technical data 
packages. 
‘‘(7) Periodic competitions for subsystem 
upgrades. 
‘‘(8) Licensing of additional suppliers, in-
cluding small businesses. 
‘‘(9) Periodic system or program reviews to 
address long-term competitive effects of pro-gram decisions. 
‘‘(f) A
CQUISITION WORKFORCE PLAN.— 
‘‘(1) A CQUISITION WORKFORCE .—The strategy 
shall also include a plan (referred to in sub-section (d)(10)) to address Department acqui-sition workforce accountability and talent management that identifies the acquisition workforce needs of each component per-forming acquisition functions and develops options for filling those needs with qualified individuals, including a cost-benefit analysis of contracting for acquisition assistance. 
‘‘(2) A
DDITIONAL MATTERS COVERED .—The 
acquisition workforce plan shall address ways to— 
‘‘(A) improve the recruitment, hiring, 
training, and retention of Department acqui-sition workforce personnel, including con-tracting officer’s representatives, in order to retain highly qualified individuals that have 
experience in the acquisition life cycle, com-plex procurements, and management of large programs; 
‘‘(B) empower program managers to have 
the authority to manage their programs in an accountable and transparent manner as they work with the acquisition workforce; 
‘‘(C) prevent duplication within Depart-
ment acquisition workforce training and cer-tification requirements through leveraging already-existing training within the Federal Government, academic community, or pri-vate industry; 
‘‘(D) achieve integration and consistency 
with Government-wide training and accredi-tation standards, acquisition training tools, and training facilities; 
‘‘(E) designate the acquisition positions 
that will be necessary to support the Depart-ment acquisition requirements, including in the fields of— 
‘‘(i) program management; ‘‘(ii) systems engineering; ‘‘(iii) procurement, including contracting; ‘‘(iv) test and evaluation; ‘‘(v) life cycle logistics; 
‘‘(vi) cost estimating and program finan-
cial management; and 
‘‘(vii) additional disciplines appropriate to 
Department mission needs; 
‘‘(F) strengthen the performance of con-
tracting officer’s representatives (as defined in subpart 1.602–2 and subpart 2.101 of the Federal Acquisition Regulation), including by— 
‘‘(i) assessing the extent to which con-
tracting officer’s representatives are cer-tified and receive training that is appro-priate; 
‘‘(ii) determining what training is most ef-
fective with respect to the type and com-plexity of assignment; and 
‘‘(iii) implementing actions to improve 
training based on such assessment; and 
‘‘(G) identify ways to increase training for 
relevant investigators and auditors to exam-ine fraud in major acquisition programs, in-cluding identifying opportunities to leverage existing Government and private sector re-sources in coordination with the Inspector General of the Department. 
‘‘(g) F
EASIBILITY OF WORKFORCE DEVELOP -
MENT FUND PILOT PROGRAM .—The strategy 
shall also include an assessment (referred to in subsection (d)(11)) of the feasibility of con-ducting a pilot program to establish a Home-land Security Acquisition Workforce Devel-opment Fund (in this subsection referred to as the ‘Fund’) to ensure the Department ac-quisition workforce has the capacity, in both personnel and skills, needed to properly per-form its mission and ensure that the Depart-ment receives the best value for the expendi-ture of public resources. The assessment shall address the following: 
‘‘(1) Ways to fund the Fund, including the 
use of direct appropriations, or the credit, transfer, or deposit of unobligated or unused funds from Department components into the Fund to remain available for obligation in the fiscal year for which credited, trans-ferred, or deposited and to remain available for successive fiscal years. 
‘‘(2) Ways to reward the Department acqui-
sition workforce and program managers for good program management in controlling cost growth, limiting schedule delays, and ensuring operational effectiveness through providing a percentage of the savings or gen-eral acquisition bonuses. 
‘‘(3) Guidance for the administration of the 
Fund that includes provisions to do the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(A) Describe the costs and benefits associ-
ated with the use of direct appropriations or credit, transfer, or deposit of unobligated or unused funds to finance the Fund. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:45 Oct 21, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20OC7.008 H20OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7004 October 20, 2015 
‘‘(B) Describe the manner and timing for 
applications for amounts in the Fund to be submitted. 
‘‘(C) Explain the evaluation criteria to be 
used for approving or prioritizing applica-tions for amounts in the Fund in any fiscal year. 
‘‘(D) Explain the mechanism to report to 
Congress on the implementation of the Fund on an ongoing basis. 
‘‘(E) Detail measurable performance 
metrics to determine if the Fund is meeting the objective to improve the acquisition workforce and to achieve cost savings in ac-quisition management.’’. 
(2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 101 et seq.) is fur-ther amended by adding after the item relat-ing to section 838 the following new item: 
‘‘Sec. 839. Multiyear acquisition strategy.’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT TO FUTURE  
YEARS HOMELAND SECURITY PROGRAM .—Sec-
tion 874(b) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 454(b)) is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of para-
graph (2); 
(2) by striking the period at the end of 
paragraph (3) and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following new 
paragraph: 
‘‘(4) include the multiyear acquisition 
strategy required under section 839 of this Act.’’. 
SEC. 233. ACQUISITION REPORTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle D of title VIII of 
the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 391 et seq.) is further amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 840. ACQUISITION REPORTS. 
‘‘(a) C OMPREHENSIVE ACQUISITION STATUS  
REPORT .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Under Secretary for 
Management each year shall submit to the congressional homeland security commit-tees, at the same time as the President’s budget is submitted for a fiscal year under section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, a comprehensive acquisition status re-port. The report shall include the following: 
‘‘(A) The information required under the 
heading ‘Office of the Under Secretary for Management’ under title I of division D of the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2012 (Public Law 112–74) (as required under the Department of Homeland Security Appro-priations Act, 2013 (Public Law 113–6)). 
‘‘(B) A listing of programs that have been 
cancelled, modified, paused, or referred to the Under Secretary for Management or Dep-uty Secretary for additional oversight or ac-tion by the Board, Department Office of In-spector General, or the Comptroller General. 
‘‘(C) A listing of established Executive 
Steering Committees, which provide govern-ance of a program or related set of programs and lower-tiered oversight, and support be-tween acquisition decision events and com-ponent reviews, including the mission and membership for each. 
‘‘(2) I
NFORMATION FOR MAJOR ACQUISITION  
PROGRAMS .—For each major acquisition pro-
gram, the report shall include the following: 
‘‘(A) A narrative description, including 
current gaps and shortfalls, the capabilities to be fielded, and the number of planned in-crements or units. 
‘‘(B) Acquisition Review Board (or other 
board designated to review the acquisition) status of each acquisition, including the cur-rent acquisition phase, the date of the last review, and a listing of the required docu-ments that have been reviewed with the dates reviewed or approved. 
‘‘(C) The most current, approved acquisi-
tion program baseline (including project schedules and events). ‘‘(D) A comparison of the original acquisi-
tion program baseline, the current acquisi-tion program baseline, and the current esti-mate. 
‘‘(E) Whether or not an independent 
verification and validation has been imple-mented, with an explanation for the decision and a summary of any findings. 
‘‘(F) A rating of cost risk, schedule risk, 
and technical risk associated with the pro-gram (including narrative descriptions and mitigation actions). 
‘‘(G) Contract status (including earned 
value management data as applicable). 
‘‘(H) A lifecycle cost of the acquisition, and 
time basis for the estimate. 
‘‘(3) U
PDATES .—The Under Secretary shall 
submit quarterly updates to such report not later than 45 days after the completion of each quarter. 
‘‘(b) Q
UARTERLY PROGRAM ACCOUNTABILITY  
REPORT .—The Under Secretary for Manage-
ment shall prepare a quarterly program ac-countability report to meet the Depart-ment’s mandate to perform program health assessments and improve program execution and governance. The report shall be sub-mitted to the congressional homeland secu-rity committees.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 101 et seq.) is fur-ther amended by adding after the item relat-ing to section 839 the following new item: 
‘‘Sec. 840. Acquisition reports.’’. 
SEC. 234. GOVERNMENT ACCOUNTABILITY OF-
FICE REVIEW OF MULTIYEAR ACQUI-SITION STRATEGY. 
(a) R EVIEW REQUIRED .—After submission to 
Congress of the first multiyear acquisition strategy (pursuant to section 839 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002) after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comp-troller General of the United States shall conduct a review of the plan within 180 days to analyze the viability of the plan’s effec-tiveness in the following: 
(1) Complying with the requirements in 
section 839 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002, as added by section 232 of this Act. 
(2) Establishing clear connections between 
Department objectives and acquisition prior-ities. 
(3) Demonstrating that Department acqui-
sition policy reflects program management best practices and standards. 
(4) Ensuring competition or the option of 
competition for major acquisition programs. 
(5) Considering potential cost savings 
through using already-existing technologies when developing acquisition program re-quirements. 
(6) Preventing duplication within Depart-
ment acquisition workforce training require-ments through leveraging already-existing training within the Federal Government, academic community, or private industry. 
(7) Providing incentives for program man-
agers to reduce acquisition and procurement costs through the use of best practices and disciplined program management. 
(8) Maximizing small business utilization 
in acquisitions by, to the maximum extent practicable, ensuring strategic sourcing ve-hicles seek to increase participation by small businesses, including small and dis-advantaged business. 
(9) Assessing the feasibility of conducting a 
pilot program to establish a Homeland Secu-rity Acquisition Workforce Development Fund. 
(b) R
EPORT REQUIRED .—The Comptroller 
General shall submit to the congressional homeland security committees a report on the review required by this section. The re-port shall be submitted in unclassified form but may include a classified annex. SEC. 235. OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL RE-
PORT. 
(a) R EVIEW REQUIRED .—No later than 2 
years following the submission of the report submitted by the Comptroller General of the United States as required by section 234, the Department’s Inspector General shall con-duct a review of whether the Department has complied with the multiyear acquisition strategy (pursuant to section 839 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002) and adhered to the strategies set forth in the plan. The review shall also consider whether the De-partment has complied with the require-ments to provide the Acquisition Review Board with a capability development plan for each major acquisition program. 
(b) R
EPORT REQUIRED .—The Inspector Gen-
eral shall submit to the congressional home-land security committees a report of the re-view required by this section. The report shall be submitted in unclassified form but may include a classified annex. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. M
CCAUL) and the gentleman 
from New York (Mr. H IGGINS ) each will 
control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Texas. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. M CCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude any extraneous material on the bill under consideration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. Mr. M
CCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, as chairman of the 
Committee on Homeland Security, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 3572, the Department of Homeland Se-curity Headquarters Reform and Im-provement Act of 2015, which I intro-duced with my colleague from Mis-sissippi, Ranking Member B
ENNIE  
THOMPSON . 
This important, bipartisan legisla-
tion reforms and streamlines DHS headquarters so it can more effectively focus on its core mission of better pro-tecting national security. At the same time, this bill saves millions in tax-payer dollars and reins in unnecessary bureaucracy. 
DHS headquarters plays an impor-
tant role in providing direction and oversight to the Department’s 22 com-ponents; yet, over the years, Depart-ment management has become bloated and unwieldy. 
DHS has established, reorganized, 
and expanded offices and programs without the approval of Congress, cre-ated new assistant secretary positions, and spent billions of dollars on acquisi-tions that don’t meet the needs of our men and women on the frontlines se-curing the homeland. 
This bill helps to get DHS manage-
ment on track by mandating multiple efficiency reviews to ensure taxpayer dollars are not wasted but, instead, di-rectly linked to protecting the home-land. It also requires DHS to increase 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:45 Oct 21, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20OC7.008 H20OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7005 October 20, 2015 
transparency with Congress, to hold 
acquisition programs accountable, and to better communicate with industry when making major acquisition deci-sions. 
I would like to take this opportunity 
to thank Oversight and Management Efficiency Subcommittee Chairman S
COTT PERRY and Ranking Member 
BONNIE WATSON COLEMAN for their 
leadership in conducting much of the oversight and research that informed the bill, especially their work to re-form DHS’ troubled acquisitions proc-ess. I am grateful for their tremendous efforts. 
In addition, this bill eliminates un-
necessary assistant secretary and di-rector positions, abolishes unproduc-tive, idle offices, consolidates offices to streamline functionality, and prohibits the Department of Homeland Security Secretary from creating any new as-sistant secretary positions without prior congressional approval. 
In short, Mr. Speaker, this bill en-
sures that the Department of Home-land Security is a leaner, less bureau-cratic, and more efficient organization focused on the mission and getting the job done. 
While H.R. 3572 addresses waste, 
fraud, abuse, and a lack of trans-parency at DHS headquarters, it is just one part of a larger suite of legislation that this committee has passed this year dedicated to reforming and im-proving the Department overall. 
To date, we have passed by voice vote 
more than 40 bills addressing similar shortcomings at CBP, TSA, FEMA, Se-cret Service, NPPD, and S&T, just to name a few. 
I am very proud of our success in 
passing specific targeted bills dedi-cated to reining in bureaucracy, saving taxpayer dollars, providing much-need-ed congressional guidance, and pro-tecting national security. 
I am grateful to all the members of 
this committee and to the staff on both sides of the aisle whose hard work and bipartisan commitment to the priority of keeping America safe helped to make all of this legislation possible. 
My committee approved this bill 
unanimously last month, something you don’t hear of every day in this Congress. 
In conclusion, I urge all Members of 
the House to join me in supporting this bipartisan bill that will help DHS to operate more efficiently and effectively in protecting the American people. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. HIGGINS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
I rise in support of H.R. 3572, the De-
partment of Homeland Security Head-quarters Reform and Improvement Act of 2015. 
Mr. Speaker, the Department of 
Homeland Security was established in 2003, when 22 agencies were folded to-gether in what was the most substan-tial reorganization of Federal agencies since the National Security Act of 1947. Since that time, the Department of 
Homeland Security has faced an ever- evolving range of threats and has taken on more missions and respon-sibilities, most notably with respect to cybersecurity. 
Even as the Department of Homeland 
Security has risen to the operational demands of the post-9/11 world, depart-mental integration and coordination of key activities—such as policy develop-ment, acquisitions, and human capital management—have been a challenge. 
As a result, the comptroller general 
and the Department of Homeland Secu-rity inspector general have repeatedly found instances where decisionmaking at the component level has resulted in performance failures that have wasted limited Department of Homeland Secu-rity resources. 
H.R. 3572 is designed to drive im-
provements at all levels of the Depart-ment and to codify key departmental management directives that were issued in recent years. 
Specifically, H.R. 3572 would 
strengthen the under secretary for management; authorize and realign central offices within the Management Directorate; bolster the Office of Pol-icy, including its management of DHS overseas personnel; and address the De-partment’s employee morale issues. 
Importantly, H.R. 3572 codifies the 
Department’s acquisition policies, pro-moting management practices designed to deliver needed capabilities while ac-tively managing risk. 
This bipartisan measure was intro-
duced by Chairman M
CCAUL on Sep-
tember 18, and Ranking Member T
HOMPSON was his original cosponsor. 
The degree to which this bill is a bi-
partisan product was further under-scored by the acceptance of 13 amend-ments offered by Democratic members at the full committee markup held on September 30. 
Mr. Speaker, H.R. 3572 is in line with 
Department of Homeland Security Sec-retary Jeh Johnson’s Unity of Effort initiative. For example, it streamlines how the Department conducts outreach with Homeland Security stakeholders, including businesses and local govern-ment agencies, and integrates that process with the Department’s policy-making. 
Additionally, in an effort to address 
chronic morale issues and build bridges between Department of Homeland Se-curity components, H.R. 3572 directs the Department to establish a rota-tional program for its workforce. 
Finally, the bill elevates the Assist-
ant Secretary for Policy to an under secretary level, a move that successive DHS leaders have sought. 
b1645 
By doing so, the bill seeks to not 
only improve departmentwide policy-making, but to also advance the goals of the initiative. 
With that, Mr. Speaker, I urge pas-
sage of H.R. 3572. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. Mr. M
CCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I will be brief. I think it is an excellent bipartisan 
bill. I want to thank Mr. H
IGGINS from 
New York for his presentation here today and support, and I want to thank the other side of the aisle for working with me and continuing to work with me in a bipartisan way to get things done for the country. I think that is how most committees should work; and certainly for one that involves pro-tecting the American people, I think it is paramount that we work together, both Republicans and Democrats. 
With that, Mr. Speaker, I urge my 
colleagues to support H.R. 3572. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. M
CCAUL) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3572, as amended. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
REQUIRING BUDGET SUBMISSIONS 
TO PROVIDE AN ESTIMATE OF THE COST PER TAXPAYER OF THE DEFICIT 
Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, I move to 
suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1315) to amend section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, to require that annual budget submissions of the President to Congress provide an esti-mate of the cost per taxpayer of the deficit, and for other purposes. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1315 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. REQUIREMENT IN BUDGET SUBMIS-
SION WITH RESPECT TO THE COST PER TAXPAYER OF THE DEFICIT. 
Section 1105(a) of title 31, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) redesignating paragraph (37) (relating 
to the list of outdated or duplicative plans and reports) as paragraph (39); and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(40) in the case of a fiscal year in which 
the budget is projected to result in a deficit, an estimate of the pro rata cost of such def-icit for taxpayers who will file individual in-come tax returns for taxable years ending during such fiscal year.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from In-diana (Mr. M
ESSER ) and the gentleman 
from Kentucky (Mr. Y ARMUTH ) each 
will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Indiana. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude any extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:13 Oct 21, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20OC7.018 H20OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7006 October 20, 2015 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Indiana? 
There was no objection. Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, first, I apologize for my 
voice today. My son, Hudson, and I at-tended the Patriots-Colts game on Sun-day night, and, unfortunately, the Colts were not successful by a touch-down, but I lost my voice in the proc-ess of rooting them on. 
I would like to thank Budget Chair-
man T
OMPRICE and Ranking Member 
VANHOLLEN for bringing H.R. 1315 to 
the floor. I rise today in support of this small but important measure. 
H.R. 1315 requires the President’s an-
nual budget submission to Congress to include the cost per taxpayer of any budget deficit in a given fiscal year. This bill is based on a simple principle: each hardworking American taxpayer deserves to know how much the deficit costs them each year. This require-ment would be a powerful reminder to the President and the Congress that our decisions here in Washington have real-world consequences. 
Since 2010, the national debt has in-
creased by over $5 trillion. That is unsustainable, and it is irresponsible. Rather than make some tough choices, we just spend more money we don’t have and borrow some more. Unfortu-nately, because of out-of-control spend-ing, we will, once again, be hitting our debt ceiling soon. That means in 2 weeks, we will have borrowed the max-imum amount of money our country is allowed to borrow by law, which now is $18.1 trillion. 
Now, think about that for a second. 
We are $18.1 trillion in debt. That is ap-proximately $154,000 per taxpayer. And instead of asking ourselves, ‘‘How can we stop the borrow-and-spend cycle?’’ we are asking, ‘‘Should we borrow more money?’’ 
Mr. Speaker, it is past time we get 
our fiscal house in order. I know this bill won’t solve our Nation’s fiscal problems, and it won’t prevent the gov-ernment from spending more money that it doesn’t have; however, making this information the bill requires more easily accessible will help us and our constituents better understand the real-world impact of budgets that never balance. 
It is past time we get our fiscal house 
in order. I know this bill, again, won’t solve our Nation’s problems. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. YARMUTH. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to discuss 
H.R. 1315, legislation which requires the President’s budget to include an es-timate of the size of the deficit on a per-taxpayer basis. I don’t oppose this legislation—indeed, I voted for a pre-vious version of it in the last Con-gress—but I am having a hard time un-derstanding what, if anything, it will accomplish. Requiring the President’s budget to 
include a basic calculation will do nothing to produce better policies or outcomes that the American people are demanding. And when I say ‘‘a basic calculation,’’ I am talking about a cal-culation that my 7-year-old nephew, Lucas, could do probably without his smartphone. But I will vote ‘‘yes’’ be-cause I don’t think this bill will do any harm. 
I do think it says something about 
the majority’s priorities that this bill is even being considered. We are facing a series of enormous and serious budget issues, yet the majority is devoting floor time to legislation that is essen-tially meaningless. 
Our government is now operating 
with funding under a continuing reso-lution that will expire on December 11, and we have failed to address the pend-ing, across-the-board cuts known as se-questration that will drastically reduce funding for education, infrastructure, job training, and nutrition programs for children and the elderly. Those pro-grams aren’t meaningless. Millions of Americans depend on them. 
On top of all that, unless Congress 
acts, we will default on the full faith and credit of the United States in less than a month. That would cost our economy billions of dollars. We need to be meeting the urgency of the situa-tion with urgent action on the House floor to raise the debt ceiling and avert a disastrous default. 
Additionally, we only have a few 
weeks left before the Federal highway program runs out of money again, yet it isn’t even scheduled for floor debate. We have yet to extend tax provisions that benefit millions of taxpayers, both individuals and small businesses. They deserve certainty, not meaningless leg-islation like this. 
These priorities, which are also the 
priorities of the American people, de-mand our attention. We should be working on reaching agreements to re-solve these issues. Instead, we are not just wasting our time, we are wasting America’s time. 
Let’s face it, this bill has two pur-
poses: first, to create the illusion for the American people that Congress is actually being productive; and, second, to suggest, and possibly to scare, mil-lions of Americans into thinking that they will be responsible for a certain amount of debt—an absurd notion, just as the notion that every American bears an equal share of our tax burden. 
So, Mr. Speaker, I will vote for this 
bill. Again, I think it is a pointless ex-ercise, but that is kind of where Con-gress is in this unfortunate era. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
I appreciate the gentleman’s com-
ments. I certainly appreciate his sup-port for the legislation. I would just suggest I don’t think this is meaning-less at all. I think it is important that we let the American taxpayer under-stand the true cost of operating our 
government with constant deficits. 
When you throw around numbers in 
this town like billion and trillion, it is very hard to put them into a scale that the average American can understand. When you look at a $400-billion deficit that we now have on the books—and somehow brag to ourselves, as if we are somehow serving the American people well—and you divide that by 152 mil-lion taxpayers, it is over $3,000 we are still adding to the debt. When you look at the entire national debt of $18 tril-lion, it is $150,000 a person. It is unsustainable. 
There are, of course, costs to the 
economy. No one is suggesting that a bill collector is going to come to an in-dividual taxpayer’s door, knock, and ask for $150,000. But it gives us a sense of the scale of debt that we are accu-mulating—five times, for the indi-vidual taxpayer, the average wage in this American society. 
It is unsustainable, and it ought to be 
called out. That is why we have this bill. I think there can be honest dis-agreements about how we solve our fis-cal challenges, but no disagreement about the fact that we ought to be transparent with the American people about what we are doing. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. YARMUTH. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the re-
marks of my friend from across the Ohio River. I would say that if we want to do things like show what the per- taxpayer impact of our decisions might be, we also might want to look at how much the Federal deficit has been re-duced in the last 8 years. 
In 2009, when President Obama came 
into office, the Federal deficit was $1.4 trillion. It is now right about just over $400 billion—still a lot of money. But I did the calculation, and that is almost a $7,000 reduction in the deficit per in-dividual taxpayer over the last 8 years. So it can be a positive thing as well. 
But if we want to add a mathe-
matical calculation to a budget, we really ought to be looking at the one the Republican Party approved in March. That budget, the Republican House budget, doesn’t add up. When I say that, I mean it literally doesn’t add up. Here are a couple of examples: 
Their budget fully repeals 
ObamaCare but still counts all the rev-enue that is raised from the law. 
The House has approved more than 
$610 billion worth of tax cuts this year, yet none of that lost revenue is ac-counted for in the Republican budget. 
There are other tax cuts that are 
scheduled to expire that we all know will be extended, but, again, the Repub-
lican budget reflects none of that lost revenue. 
So, yes, I will support this bill which 
requires that the President’s budget in-clude this one very basic calculation. I just wish my colleagues on the other side of the aisle would apply basic addi-tion and subtraction to their own budg-et and, more importantly, deal with 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:13 Oct 21, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20OC7.021 H20OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7007 October 20, 2015 
the truly important issues that con-
front this country in the weeks to come. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. MESSER. Again, Mr. Speaker, I 
thank my friend from Kentucky for his remarks. 
I believe the most direct path to-
wards a healthier and more secure economy now and in the future is less spending, lower taxes, a balanced budg-et, and a smaller debt. The first step, though, is more transparency, letting taxpayers know what is happening here. Mr. Speaker, I urge my col-leagues to support H.R. 1315. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. M
ESSER ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1315. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
b1700 
SUPPORTING THE PEOPLE OF 
UKRAINE TO FREELY ELECT THEIR GOVERNMENT 
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I move to 
suspend the rules and agree to the reso-lution (H. Res. 348) supporting the right of the people of Ukraine to freely elect their government and determine their future, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the resolu-
tion. 
The text of the resolution is as fol-
lows: 
H. R ES. 348 
Whereas after President Yanukovych had 
fled Kyiv, Russian President Vladimir Putin ordered the forcible and illegal occupation of Crimea in March 2014; 
Whereas Russian-led separatists have forc-
ibly seized large areas of Ukraine and con-tinue their attacks on Ukraine’s forces; 
Whereas the Russian Federation has con-
tinued to engage in relentless political, eco-nomic, and military aggression to subvert the independence and violate the territorial integrity of Ukraine; 
Whereas the United States has supported 
the democratically elected Government of Ukraine, which represents the will of the people of Ukraine, and Congress has passed multiple pieces of legislation to provide sup-port to Ukraine; 
Whereas Congress passed the Sovereignty, 
Integrity, Democracy, and Economic Sta-bility of Ukraine Act of 2014 (Public Law 113– 95), which authorized loan guarantees for the Government of Ukraine; 
Whereas Congress passed the Ukraine Free-
dom Support Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–272), which authorized the Administration to pro-vide Ukraine’s Government with support to facilitate necessary reforms, and stated that it is United States policy to assist the Gov-ernment of Ukraine in restoring its sov-ereignty and territorial integrity; 
Whereas in September 2014, a cease-fire 
agreement was brokered between Ukraine, Russia, and Russian-led separatists, but the agreement was never fully implemented; Whereas in February 2015, an additional 
cease-fire, known as the Minsk Implementa-tion Agreement or Minsk 2, was agreed upon; 
Whereas the United States has assisted in 
many elections around the world, including Ukraine’s Presidential election in May 25, 2014, to ensure that international election standards are upheld; 
Whereas early parliamentary elections 
were held on October 26, 2014, but 29 of the 450 seats in parliament were not filled due to the inability to hold elections in areas con-trolled by separatists; 
Whereas, despite the disenfranchisement of 
people living in separatist-controlled areas, international election observers declared the parliamentary elections in the rest of the country to have met international stand-ards; 
Whereas Ukraine and Russia are partici-
pating States of the Organization for Secu-rity and Cooperation in Europe and party to its commitments, including the 1990 Copen-hagen Document which states that States ‘‘will respect each other’s right freely to choose and develop, in accordance with international human rights standards, their political, social, economic and cultural sys-tems’’ and that ‘‘free elections that will be held at reasonable intervals by secret ballot or by equivalent free voting procedure, under conditions which ensure in practice the free expression of the opinion of the electors in the choice of their representatives’’; 
Whereas the next local elections are sched-
uled to take place in Ukraine on October 25, 2015; 
Whereas these elections are critical to con-
tinued legislative and constitutional reform in Ukraine; 
Whereas the Russian-led separatists in 
eastern Ukraine continue to refuse to imple-ment Ukrainian law and to permit Ukrainian authorities to conduct elections in the areas they control and have therefore made free and fair elections in those areas impossible; 
Whereas Ukraine’s government has there-
fore been forced to postpone the local elec-tions in those areas; and 
Whereas the United States is supporting 
efforts to promote citizen engagement in the constitutional reform process, educating voters, and election monitoring: Now, there-fore, be it 
Resolved, That the House of Representa-
tives— 
(1) strongly supports the right of the peo-
ple of Ukraine to freely elect their govern-ment and determine their future; 
(2) urges the Administration to expedite 
assistance to Ukraine to facilitate the polit-ical, economic, and social reforms necessary for free and fair elections that meet inter-national standards; and 
(3) condemns attempts on the part of out-
side forces, specifically the Government of Russia, its agents and supporters, to inter-fere in Ukraine’s elections, including through intimidation, violence, or coercion. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) and the gen-
tleman from New York (Mr. E NGEL ) 
each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from California. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unan-
imous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks and to include ex-traneous material in the R
ECORD . 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. 
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, almost 2 years after the 
conflict in Ukraine began, Russian ag-gression there remains almost a daily regular occurrence. The fighting has taken over 8,000 Ukrainian lives, and that number is growing as Russia con-tinues to provide weapons and support to separatists in eastern Ukraine. 
Last year, along with Ranking Mem-
ber E
LIOT ENGEL and several other 
members of the Foreign Affairs Com-mittee—there were eight of us, as I re-call, including the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. C
ICILLINE ), who is 
the author of this resolution before us today—we traveled to Ukraine to see the situation on the ground. We trav-eled to Kyiv and we traveled to Dnepropetrovsk in the east, and we spoke with local officials. We spoke with representatives from civil society, women’s groups, lawyers’ groups, local government, different minority groups, a broad range of individuals—leaders of the Tatar community, leaders of the Jewish community there, and even former supporters of President Yanukovych, among many, many oth-ers. 
We heard that same message from ev-
eryone, namely, that they were com-mitted to building a peaceful, united Ukraine that is free to determine its own future, and that they want to do it without outside interference. 
Now there is a new effort to bring 
peace to this war-torn region under the so-called Minsk agreements. These specify a number of measures that must be implemented by all sides, one of which is to hold local elections by the end of this year. The Ukrainian Government has scheduled these for October 25, which is this Sunday. 
Unfortunately, they cannot be held 
in the areas controlled by Russian-led separatists because intimidation and manipulation make free and fair elec-tions impossible in these regions. But they will take place in the rest of the country where independent observers will ensure that they meet inter-national standards, and this is to be welcomed. 
Their hoped-for success will be a 
real-world demonstration that Ukraine is continuing to implement the demo-cratic reforms that Ukrainian people are determined to bring peace into their country with. 
I urge my colleagues to vote for this 
bipartisan resolution and reaffirm that America’s commitment to Ukraine’s independence and to the right of the Ukrainian people to determine their own future is strong and it is enduring. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
I rise in support of this measure. First of all, I want to thank Mr. 
C
ICILLINE for drafting this resolution. 
With its passage, we will again be sig-naling that the United States stands 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:13 Oct 21, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20OC7.022 H20OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7008 October 20, 2015 
with the people of Ukraine, that we 
want them to chart the future for their own country, and that we reject the ag-gression and unlawfulness of Russia’s actions under President Putin. 
Let me also thank our chairman, E
D 
ROYCE . The hallmark of the Foreign 
Affairs Committee is our success in ad-vancing good, bipartisan legislation, and this resolution is a prime example of business as usual for our committee. I am very proud of it. 
Our interest in Ukraine is nothing 
new. Over the past year, our committee has focused a great deal on this crisis. We have passed legislation aimed at as-sisting Ukraine. We want to see a suc-cessful democratic transition, we want Ukraine’s territorial integrity to be re-stored, and we want to deter Russia from further aggression. 
The cease-fire in Ukraine finally 
seems to be holding. That is good news, but I still have deep concerns. 
First of all, while the upcoming elec-
tions are important, not all of Ukraine’s citizens will have their voices heard. Only areas under Kyiv’s control will be casting ballots—and Russia has a history of sticking its nose in Ukraine’s elections. Putin has said that he won’t interfere with this vote. But I am not holding my breath, nor should anyone else. 
So we will be looking for some spe-
cific benchmarks. For instance, the agreement in Minsk requires that elec-tions in Donetsk and Luhansk be held after Russia draws down its forces there. Not just Russian personnel, but all military equipment, all merce-naries, all support for proxies must be out of these areas before elections. It is critical that the OSCE mount a full- scale observation mission and be per-mitted to monitor every stage of the process. We will be keeping a close eye on this as well. 
Yet, even if Minsk is followed to the 
letter—a cease-fire, followed by elec-tions, followed by restoration of Kyiv’s control over its own eastern border— the international order will remain compromised. This agreement does not address Crimea, nor does it hold the force of international law. 
And as much as we talk about Minsk, 
we shouldn’t forget prior and far more important agreements, such as the Hel-sinki Final Act and the Budapest Memorandum, which reaffirmed the core principle of the Final Act: that the territorial integrity of states is in-violable. 
Ukraine was part of the former So-
viet Union; and when the Soviet Union collapsed, Ukraine gave up its nuclear weapons. As part of giving that up, Ukraine was guaranteed its territorial integrity—guaranteed by the United States, by Russia, and by others. Cer-tainly they are being betrayed right now, and we should not stand for it. 
Lastly, we should have no illusions 
that this agreement will deter Presi-dent Putin’s aggression. Indeed, as Moscow dials up its intervention in the Middle East in Syria, Ukraine is look-ing more and more like just one ele-
ment of a much larger scheme by President Putin to destabilize coun-tries on Russia’s borders. That is what Putin wants to do. He wants to keep Ukraine unstable and destabilized. 
So, with this resolution, we reaffirm 
our support for Ukraine, we express our hope that Minsk will keep the peace, and we make clear that we are keeping a watchful eye on Russia and that we are ready to continue assisting Ukraine to consolidate its democratic gains and restore its territorial integ-rity. 
Ukraine wants to be democratic. 
Ukraine wants to look toward the West. Ukraine does not want to be dominated by Russia. We should give them all the support that they deserve. That is what the United States does, that is what the United States is all about, and that is what this resolution does. I urge my colleagues to support this measure. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I continue 
to reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, it is now 
my pleasure to yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. C
ICILLINE ), the author of this resolu-
tion. 
Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
the gentleman for yielding. 
I rise to support H. Res. 348, sup-
porting free elections in Ukraine. 
I want to thank Chairman R OYCE and 
Ranking Member E NGEL for their 
strong support and cosponsorship of this legislation, which I was proud to introduce and which affirms Congress’ unwavering support for free elections in Ukraine. I thank my many col-leagues on both sides of the aisle who have signed on as cosponsors and con-tributed to the final language of the bill. 
Support of the democratic and eco-
nomic development of Ukraine in the face of Russian aggression remains one of the most vital efforts the United States can undertake to combat Rus-sian belligerence and demonstrates our unwavering commitment to promoting democracy and human rights around the world. 
Next week—next Sunday, in fact— 
the people of Ukraine will head to the polls to exercise their right to choose their own government. However, be-cause of the continued defiance of Rus-sian-led separatists, not every region of Ukraine will be able to participate in these elections. 
The illegal and forcible occupation of 
Crimea and the ongoing Russian sup-port for separatists in eastern Ukraine are a clear violation of international law and diplomacy. The Minsk II agree-ment was a historic step toward poten-tially ending the violence and unrest in the country, and it is now upon the Governments of Ukraine, Russia, and the U.S. and our European allies as im-plementing partners to ensure its suc-cessful execution. The existing cease- fire is a positive development, but one that must be accompanied by free elec-
tions and restoration of Ukraine’s ter-ritorial integrity. 
Ukraine has local elections scheduled 
for most of the country—except some separatist-controlled areas—for this Sunday, October 25. This resolution demonstrates this Congress’ steadfast commitment to supporting the right of the people of Ukraine to freely elect their government and determine their future. It condemns any Russian at-tempts to interfere in Ukraine’s elec-tions in any way, including through in-timidation, violence, or coercion. Dur-ing Ukraine’s last elections, these tac-tics were used to prevent Ukrainians from voting in certain regions. This cannot happen again, and any actions undermining these elections must be met with swift and uncertain inter-national condemnation. 
At this delicate juncture in Ukraine’s 
history, it is essential that the United States and our European allies con-tinue to demonstrate firm support for Ukrainian territorial integrity, sov-ereignty, and the right of Ukrainian people to participate in free and fair elections. America has a long history of supporting free and fair elections and the right of people to decide their own future. 
This resolution was passed by the 
Committee on Foreign Affairs with overwhelming bipartisan support, and I urge my colleagues to support its pas-sage today. 
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I continue 
to reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 
minutes to the gentleman from Vir-ginia (Mr. C
ONNOLLY ). 
Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I 
thank my good friend from New York and, of course, the distinguished chair-man of the committee. 
I rise in support of H. Res. 348. The 
people of Ukraine have the right to hold free and fair elections within the sovereign territory of their own coun-try. The ruthless tyranny of Russian military aggression in Ukraine must end, and we must never agree to a set-tlement that even hints to President Vladimir Putin that the borders of Eu-rope are up for sale. 
The resolution notes: the forcible and 
illegal occupation of Crimea. The United States must make it clear in both our words and our deeds that Cri-mea is within the sovereign territory of Ukraine, and we will not recognize its forcible and illegal annexation by Russia—ever. This resolution is clear on that account, and I thank the au-thor, Mr. C
ICILLINE , for it. 
The Senate and House of Representa-
tives recently passed the fiscal year 2016 National Defense Authorization Act conference report. That text in-cluded an amendment I authored to prohibit the authorization of funds to be obligated or expended in order to implement any activity that could be construed as recognizing the sov-ereignty of the Russian Federation over Ukraine’s Crimea. Crimea is not 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:13 Oct 21, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20OC7.025 H20OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7009 October 20, 2015 
an issue we can allow to fade into the 
background—ever. As the resolution notes in just its second clause, this was Putin’s original sin in Ukraine. 
If we are to deter, Mr. Speaker, fur-
ther Russian separatist and revanchist moves in eastern Ukraine, we must never yield on Crimea. 
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I continue 
to reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
In closing, once again, I want to 
voice my strong support for this reso-lution. I again thank Mr. C
ICILLINE for 
authoring this measure and his leader-ship, and I thank our chairman once again. 
Even with a cease-fire in place, the 
crisis in Ukraine is a major threat to the international order. The United States stands with the people of Ukraine as they try to chart the path forward for their country and restore their territorial integrity. So long as President Putin’s aggression continues, we need to stay focused on this serious challenge. I urge my colleagues to sup-port this measure. 
I yield back the balance of my time. 
b1715 
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self the balance of my time. 
Mr. Speaker, in closing, let me again 
thank E
LIOT ENGEL , along with Mr. 
CICILLINE and Mr. C ONNOLLY —cospon-
sors of this resolution with myself and other members of that committee—but mention in particular the decision we made to go as far east in Ukraine as we could. We traveled to the border of Luhansk and Donetsk, actually, be-cause Dnipropetrovsk was where we flew in. To the south is Donetsk. To the east is Luhansk. 
One of the great advantages of hav-
ing with us the ranking member—an individual who knows the country well and knows the people well, Mr. E
LIOT 
ENGEL —is the fact that both of his 
grandparents on his mother’s side are from Ukraine and both of his grand-parents on his father’s side are from Ukraine. 
It is a reminder to us of the long 
struggle, the long, ardent effort, for independence, for some modicum of freedom, that the people of Ukraine have struggled for all of these years, a dream that finally seemed realized; and now, in the wake of that, you have the occupation of the eastern and southern parts of the country. 
I think it is a reminder to all of us of 
how we can be surprised on the world stage. The United States, in my opin-ion, could do more in this particular case to end the aggression. As people told us in Dnipropetrovsk—and we were there, actually. We had a service in the synagogue where Mr. E
NGEL  
spoke during Passover. People asked us in each of these groups—the city coun-cil, the governor, the women’s groups, the different civil society groups—they said: We can handle the fact that every skin-headed malcontent that Putin can recruit, that he radicalizes, and he 
trains—then they send them here, and we capture them, and we hold them in our brig until the end of hostilities— but what is a real challenge is the Rus-sian armor, that Russian equipment out there. We can’t match that. We need anti-tank missiles. 
Now, anti-tank weapons is what they 
have asked for. Many of us in Congress, myself included, have asked that we more forcefully oppose Russian aggres-sion by giving those people on those frontlines the armaments they need to defend themselves, and the House has gone on record as taking this position. 
I think it would be a deterrent 
against Russian aggression that has brought so much suffering, and my hope is that, as we go forward, we con-vince the administration as well. 
The local elections scheduled for this 
Sunday are a concrete example that Ukrainians are determined to do all that they can to achieve peace throughout the entirety of that coun-try. By overwhelmingly adopting this bipartisan resolution, I believe the House will send a clear message to the Ukrainian people that the United States remains committed to their right to have Ukrainians choose their own government and choose their own destiny. 
I want to thank the gentleman from 
Rhode Island for authoring this par-ticular bill, and I urge its passage. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in 
support of H. Res. 348 to support the right of the people of Ukraine to freely elect their gov-ernment and determine their future, which was introduced by my friend, Representative D
AVID 
CICILLINE . 
Citizens everywhere should be afforded the 
right to freely choose their leaders—and the people of Ukraine are no different. It is imper-ative that the American people stand with Ukrainians to ensure that the future of their government is determined freely and fairly. 
Russian troops began an illegal occupation 
of Crimea following the resignation of Ukrain-ian President Viktor Yanukovych in March 2014. In spite of economic sanctions, diplo-matic efforts and successive ceasefires, we have tragically seen over 6,500 people killed in eastern Ukraine since Russia annexed Cri-mea. Russia’s continued violations of the Minsk agreement by ignoring the ceasefire is simply unacceptable. Their actions betray their previous commitments and have derailed good faith efforts to de-escalate the crisis in Ukraine. Russia’s continued military aggres-sion in Ukraine threatens peace and security in the region. Russia’s aggression has also hindered the electoral process and disenfranchised voters in the troubled region. I support Ukraine’s right to determine their own future, protect their territorial integrity and we must do all we can to prevent the slaugh-ter of innocent lives. 
Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to encourage the passage of H. Res. 348, supporting the right of Ukrainian citizens to freely elect their officials and determine their future. I would like to emphasize the impor-tance of protecting democracy around the world. In 2015, it is essential that we ensure people at home and abroad are able to elect 
their government representatives by exercising this basic right. 
This issue is of particular importance to me 
as the Congressional Representative for the 14th District of Michigan, which is home to a large population of women and minorities who fought hard to gain the right to vote. This year marked the 50th anniversary of the Voting Rights Act, which is of critical importance in protecting every citizen’s right to participate in free and fair elections. However, fair elections are also vital to democracies across the globe. Therefore, we must act appropriately when those rights are infringed upon. 
This resolution demonstrates the federal 
government’s commitment to protect Ukraine’s critical elections. Ukraine’s next local elections are scheduled to take place on October 25, 2015 and are essential for the continuation of legislative and constitutional reform. We can-not allow Russia or other outside forces to interfere with Ukraine’s elections, especially through intimidation, violence, or coercion. By supporting the right of the people of Ukraine to freely elect their government and have a say in their future, we are working toward ensuring all people around the world benefit from these basic yet profoundly critical rights. 
I am grateful that our chamber is continuing 
with our legacy of safeguarding democracy. I want to thank my colleagues on both sides of the aisle for supporting America’s commitment to defending these important freedoms around the world. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) that the House suspend the 
rules and agree to the resolution, H. Res. 348, as amended. 
The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the 
opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, on that I 
demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
RECESS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until ap-proximately 6:30 p.m. today. 
Accordingly (at 5 o’clock and 20 min-
utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1830 
AFTER RECESS 
The recess having expired, the House 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. H
ULTGREN ) at 6 o’clock 
and 30 minutes p.m. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:13 Oct 21, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20OC7.027 H20OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7010 October 20, 2015 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-
VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 10, SCHOLARSHIPS FOR OP-PORTUNITY AND RESULTS RE-AUTHORIZATION ACT, AND PRO-VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 692, DEFAULT PREVENTION ACT 
Ms. FOXX, from the Committee on 
Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 114–300) on the resolution (H. Res. 480) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 10) to reauthorize the Scholarships for Opportunity and Re-sults Act, and for other purposes, and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 692) to ensure the payment of in-terest and principal of the debt of the United States, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
f 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-
VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 1937, NATIONAL STRATEGIC AND CRITICAL MINERALS PRO-DUCTION ACT OF 2015 
Ms. FOXX, from the Committee on 
Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 114–301) on the resolution (H. Res. 481) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 1937) to require the Sec-retary of the Interior and the Sec-retary of Agriculture to more effi-ciently develop domestic sources of the minerals and mineral materials of stra-tegic and critical importance to United States economic and national security and manufacturing competitiveness, which was referred to the House Cal-endar and ordered to be printed. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, proceedings will resume on motions to suspend the rules previously postponed. 
Votes will be taken in the following 
order: 
H.R. 3493, by the yeas and nays; H.R. 3350, by the yeas and nays; H. Res. 348, by the yeas and nays. The first electronic vote will be con-
ducted as a 15-minute vote. Remaining electronic votes will be conducted as 5- minute votes. 
f 
SECURING THE CITIES ACT OF 2015 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-
finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3493) to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to establish the Securing the Cities program to en-hance the ability of the United States to detect and prevent terrorist attacks and other high consequence events uti-lizing nuclear or other radiological ma-terials that pose a high risk to home-land security in high-risk urban areas, and for other purposes, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. D
ONOVAN ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, as amended. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 411, nays 4, not voting 19, as follows: 
[Roll No. 550] 
YEAS—411 
Abraham 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) 
Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Forbes Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Goodlatte Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter 
Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Marchant Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer 
Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Pearce Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby 
Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano 
Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—4 
Amash 
Gohmert Jones 
Sanford 
NOT VOTING—19 
Brown (FL) Crawford Davis, Danny Fleming Fortenberry Gosar Gowdy Grayson 
Gutie´rrez 
Hice, Jody B. Hudson Kelly (IL) Marino Neal Payne 
Pelosi Pingree Rush Sires 
b1857 
Messrs. GOHMERT and JONES 
changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ 
Mr. JEFFRIES changed his vote from 
‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ 
So (two-thirds being in the affirma-
tive) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
KNOW THE CBRN TERRORISM 
THREATS TO TRANSPORTATION ACT 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-
finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3350) to require a terrorism threat assessment regarding the trans-portation of chemical, biological, nu-clear, and radiological materials 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:13 Oct 21, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20OC7.030 H20OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7011 October 20, 2015 
through United States land borders and 
within the United States, and for other purposes, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. D
ONOVAN ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill. 
This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 416, nays 0, not voting 18, as follows: 
[Roll No. 551] 
YEAS—416 
Abraham 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) 
Courtney Cramer Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Forbes Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler 
Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love 
Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
(NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Marchant Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Pearce Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) 
Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) 
Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai 
Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—18 
Barletta 
Crawford Cummings Davis, Danny Fleming Fortenberry Gosar 
Gowdy Grayson Gutie´rrez 
Hice, Jody B. Hudson Kelly (IL) 
Marino Payne Pelosi Pingree Rush 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during 
the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. 
b1906 
So (two-thirds being in the affirma-
tive) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
Stated for: Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 
551 I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ SUPPORTING THE PEOPLE OF 
UKRAINE TO FREELY ELECT THEIR GOVERNMENT 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-
finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and agree to the resolution (H. Res. 348) supporting the right of the people of Ukraine to freely elect their government and de-termine their future, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. 
The Clerk read the title of the resolu-
tion. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) that the House suspend the 
rules and agree to the resolution, as amended. 
This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 413, nays 4, not voting 17, as follows: 
[Roll No. 552] 
YEAS—413 
Abraham 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn 
Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Forbes Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard 
Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:13 Oct 21, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20OC7.032 H20OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7012 October 20, 2015 
Kind 
King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Marchant Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal 
Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Pearce Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions 
Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) 
Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—4 
Duncan (TN) 
Jones Massie 
Rohrabacher 
NOT VOTING—17 
Crawford Fleming Fortenberry Franks (AZ) Gosar Gowdy Grayson 
Gutie´rrez 
Hice, Jody B. Hudson Kelly (IL) Marino Payne 
Pelosi Pingree Rush Shuster 
b1914 
So (two-thirds being in the affirma-
tive) the rules were suspended and the resolution, as amended, was agreed to. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. GUTIE ´RREZ. Mr. Speaker, I was un-
avoidably absent in the House chamber for votes today. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall votes 550, 551, and 552. 
f 
LIBRARIAN OF CONGRESS SUCCES-
SION MODERNIZATION ACT OF 2015 
Mr. HARPER. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on House Administration be dis-charged from further consideration of the bill (S. 2162) to establish a 10-year term for the service of the Librarian of Congress, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Mississippi? 
There was no objection. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 2162 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress asembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Librarian of 
Congress Succession Modernization Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. APPOINTMENT AND TERM OF SERVICE OF 
LIBRARIAN OF CONGRESS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The President shall ap-
point the Librarian of Congress, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate. 
(b) T
ERM OF SERVICE .—The Librarian of 
Congress shall be appointed for a term of 10 years. 
(c) R
EAPPOINTMENT .—An individual ap-
pointed to the position of Librarian of Con-gress, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, may be reappointed to that posi-tion in accordance with subsections (a) and (b). 
(d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—This section shall 
apply with respect to appointments made on or after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 3. CONFORMING AMENDMENT. 
The first paragraph under the center head-
ing ‘‘ LIBRARY OF CONGRESS ’’ under the center 
heading ‘‘LEGISLATIVE’’ of the Act entitled ‘‘An Act Making appropriations for the legis-lative, executive, and judicial expenses of the Government for the fiscal year ending June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and ninety- eight, and for other purposes’’, approved Feb-ruary 19, 1897 (29 Stat. 544, chapter 265; 2 U.S.C. 136), is amended by striking ‘‘to be ap-pointed by the President, by and with the ad-vice and consent of the Senate,’’. 
The bill was ordered to be read a 
third time, was read the third time, and passed, and a motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
HONORING CHIEF EDWARD J. 
HUDAK, JR. 
(Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today to congratulate Edward J. Hudak, Jr., on being sworn in this past Friday, October 16, as the chief of po-lice for the Coral Gables Police Depart-ment. Chief Hudak has a long record of 
service to south Florida, having worked for 26 years for the city of Coral Gables and its police department, helping residents and visitors alike in ‘‘The City Beautiful,’’ a city which I am so humbled and honored to rep-resent. 
As I am, Chief Hudak is a proud Uni-
versity of Miami Hurricane. Chief Hudak earned his undergraduate and master’s degree from the U, having more recently graduated from the FBI’s National Law Enforcement Exec-utive Academy. 
Coral Gables is indeed fortunate to 
have such a hardworking and relentless civil servant take the lead at its police department. 
Congratulations, Chief Hudak, on 
being named the top cop of ‘‘The City Beautiful,’’ the city of Coral Gables. 
f 
HISPANIC HERITAGE MONTH 
(Mr. GALLEGO asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. GALLEGO. Mr. Speaker, as we 
close Hispanic Heritage Month and look back at our community’s history and ongoing challenges, I rise today to celebrate the 25th anniversary of the White House Initiative on Educational Excellence for Hispanics. 
For 25 years, the Initiative has 
played an important role in advancing the dialogue and policies that have helped our community move forward. This year, as part of its anniversary celebration, the Initiative released the Bright Spots in Hispanic Education, an online national catalog. The catalog features 230 programs, organizations, and initiatives that are supporting and investing in educational attainment of Hispanics from cradle to career. 
Today, I congratulate four Bright 
Spots in my district that have been recognized for their outstanding com-mitment and contributions to our com-munity: the American Dream Acad-emy, the Bilingual Nursing Fellows Program, the Fowler Head Start Pro-gram, and the Victoria Foundation. These programs are leading the way to close the education gap. I look forward to continuing to work with them as they find ways to ensure every child, including Latino children, has the tools they need to succeed. 
f 
REMEMBERING AITKIN COUNTY 
SHERIFF’S INVESTIGATOR STE-VEN SANDBERG 
(Mr. PAULSEN asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today with a heavy heart to honor Ait-kin County Sheriff’s Investigator Ste-ven Sandberg, who was killed in the line of duty last week. 
Investigator Sandberg was deeply re-
spected by his community and was somebody who was always handling the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:13 Oct 21, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20OC7.014 H20OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7013 October 20, 2015 
county’s toughest cases, which meant 
putting himself in harm’s way. 
Those who knew Steven knew that he 
was a dedicated family man and a com-mitted parent, not missing a single one of his daughter’s basketball games. 
He was also a shining light for his en-
tire community. He was a former three-sport athlete at Aitkin High School. He served as a volunteer fire-fighter for 17 years, and he taught Sun-day school at the local Methodist church. 
Mr. Speaker, Steven Sandberg dedi-
cated his life to serving others and keeping people safe. We honor his sac-rifice. My thoughts are with his wife, Kristi, and with his daughter, Cassie, as well as with the entire community in Aitkin County. 
f 
HISPANIC HERITAGE MONTH 
(Mr. CA ´RDENAS asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. CA ´RDENAS. Mr. Speaker, I come 
here to remind us how diverse our country is and how beautiful it is that we have been celebrating Hispanic Her-itage Month for the last 30 days. 
I just wanted to take the opportunity 
to remind everybody that when we do things like that, it is not to talk about how we are different or separate. No, it is to talk about how alike we are and to talk about how wonderful and great our country is. 
The tapestry of people that come 
from all over the world come here to start a new life, come here to create opportunities, perhaps not for them, but for the next generation. Together, we have created the greatest country that this world has ever known and has ever seen. 
From Europe, from the Americas, 
from Africa, from Australia, from all parts of the planet, people come to this country for a better life and a second chance. 
I hope and pray that in these Cham-
bers we can live up to the responsi-bility of holding true to the values of America and holding true to our re-sponsibilities as a legislative body of this country to create and pass laws to make sure that everybody can continue to have those opportunities for genera-tions to come. 
f 
HONORING JUNE SORG 
(Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania 
asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Elk County, Pennsylvania, Commis-sioner June Sorg. June was honored re-cently with the County Commissioners Association of Pennsylvania’s Out-standing Commissioner of the Year Award and with the Special Presi-dential Award. This award recognizes a commissioner who has contributed to the advancement of county govern-ment. June has a long career of public serv-
ice, serving for six terms as county commissioner, totaling 24 years. In that time, she has been a leader in Elk County on issues ranging from human services, workforce investment, prison issues, infrastructure improvement, re-cycling, and environmental issues. 
Specific accomplishments during 
June’s tenure include consolidation of county offices to a centralized loca-tion, improvements to the county’s jail, and the construction of Elk Coun-ty’s new emergency management cen-ter. 
As you know, Mr. Speaker, county 
commissioners across the country dedi-cate countless hours toward the im-provement of counties and commu-nities that they serve. I know that June’s Sorg’s work proves this is true in Elk County. 
f 
HEROIN TASK FORCE AND STOP 
ABUSE ACT 
(Mr. GUINTA asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. GUINTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to thank the new members of the bipartisan task force to combat the heroin epidemic. We introduced our first piece of legislation, the Stop Abuse Act, this month. 
Heroin abuse in the United States 
has reached unprecedented levels, in-creasing 63 percent over the last dec-ade. This addictive and dangerous drug has torn a path through every commu-nity, destroying families and ruining lives. 
In my home State of New Hampshire, 
the number of patients admitted to the State-funded treatment programs reached over 1,500 in 2013, doubling the number from 2004. 
Nationwide, in 2014, heroin abuse was 
responsible for nearly 8,200 deaths. In just 10 years, the number of addicts has doubled to over 500,000. 
To address this health crisis, we 
must expand coordination between local, State, and Federal governments, law enforcement agencies, and medical professionals. We must assemble the best ideas from experts around the country, which is why Congresswoman A
NNKUSTER and I formed the bipar-
tisan task force. We are doing every-thing possible to raise awareness, in-crease education, and hear from fami-lies and individuals affected by the spread of heroin. 
I urge my colleagues to join our ef-
fort so we can stop this epidemic. 
f 
MINNESOTA LYNX BASKETBALL 
TEAM 
(Mr. ELLISON asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Speaker, allow me 
to congratulate the Minnesota Lynx Basketball Team. This wonderful bas-ketball team has won three titles in 5 years. This is the great sports story of 
our time. 
I would like to just let the Minnesota 
Lynx, their coach, and all their fans know that we are incredibly proud of them. We celebrated, and we had a vic-tory parade. 
We had all those things happen, but 
the truth is that this is women’s bas-ketball. It is high quality, and it is ex-cellent. It shows girls that women are excellent athletes, and it shows boys the same thing. This is great for our whole country and great for our com-munity in Minnesota. 
We are proud of the Minnesota Lynx. Do you know what? I want to know if 
they can win another one next year. I wouldn’t put it past them. 
Go Minnesota Lynx. 
f 
FEDERAL DEFICIT 
(Mr. L AMALFA asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, yester-
day, the Treasury Department con-firmed what we already knew: we have cut the Federal deficit to the lowest level since this President took office. At $439 billion, the deficit is about 10 percent lower than in 2014 and is less than one third of what it was in 2009. 
Yet, earlier this week, the adminis-
tration was quick to boast about an-nouncing the deficit being down that low when we asked in the past, ‘‘What is the plan, Mr. President, for bal-ancing the budget ever?’’ Not telling me how to do it, but when. We haven’t gotten any answer. 
This has been the result of discipline 
started by House Republicans with the Budget Control Act and other measures to keep spending in line so that we will have a chance some day to have a truly balanced budget. 
If we had the economy responding 
and things to help spur the economy, we could reach that goal even faster, perhaps even by 2019. With the right discipline, we could balance the budg-et. Then no longer will we have to have a debate about whether we should be extending the debt limit, which I think is appalling for all of us here, espe-cially for the next generation who are going to have to pay the price on that. 
So this is indeed good news. We want 
to get that budget deficit number to zero as soon as we can and maintain the business of this country. 
f 
CONGRATULATING BAYLOR COL-
LEGE OF MEDICINE AND RICE UNIVERSITY 
(Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I 
am very excited today to congratulate the researchers from the Baylor Col-lege of Medicine and Rice University in my hometown of Houston. 
On Monday, they announced an im-
portant discovery about the structure 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:13 Oct 21, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20OC7.037 H20OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7014 October 20, 2015 
of human genetic material, an advance 
that one day could enable scientists to fix genetic defects that lead to disease. This was in the journal of the Pro-ceedings of the National Academy of Sciences. The authors included experts from Stanford, the Broad Institute of MIT and Harvard, who brought about this particular research, described the process through which a 6-foot-long string of human DNA folds and orga-nizes itself. 
The main excitement about this is 
that to the many children, to the many young people, to the many families who suffer the loss of a child through a deadly disease, we now have research that may alter that process and im-pact, if you will, the DNA that results in diseases that cause the death of our children. 
Let me congratulate Baylor and Rice 
University for this great success, and we look forward to saving lives from Houston, Texas. 
f 
b1930 
CHAOS IN AMERICA’S 
INFRASTRUCTURE SYSTEM 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
LAHOOD). Under the Speaker’s an-
nounced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from California (Mr. G
ARAMENDI ) is recognized for 60 min-
utes as the designee of the minority leader. 
Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, this 
is chaos week in Washington, and there are a lot of things going on. Most peo-ple want to talk about Benghazi or—I don’t know—maybe the Speaker, the next Speaker or the last Speaker. How-ever, what I would like to talk about today is chaos in America’s infrastruc-ture system. 
Early this morning on my way to the 
airport in Sacramento I was driving up Interstate 5, the highway that connects Mexico and Canada and Oregon and Washington and California. I hit a huge pothole and then another pothole. It turns out that the entire right lane was a series of potholes for the 9 miles that I traveled to get to the airport. That is not unusual, but that is the story of America’s infrastructure. 
Everybody here on the floor wants to 
talk about how our great Nation is the world’s most vibrant economy, the place where intellectual infrastructure takes place, but it certainly is not the place where physical infrastructure takes place. We rank 16th among the developed nations in the world on our infrastructure. 
Travel to China. High-speed rail is 
going every which way. They have new airports. I remember the comment of our Vice President when he flew into LaGuardia in New York City. It wasn’t very complimentary. 
We have a need to build the infra-
structure of this Nation because it is upon the infrastructure that the econ-omy grows. It is upon the highways that we travel and move the goods and services. It is upon the transit system 
that more than 45 percent of Ameri-cans depend on for their transpor-tation. 
We have got problems. I was re-
minded of Apollo 13 and that very fa-mous quote coming back from space: ‘‘Houston, we’ve had a problem here.’’ Yep. America, we have got problems. 
That is a picture of the bridge on 
Interstate 5 in Washington State. Just a little bit north of this bridge is the Canadian border. This bridge collapsed about 3 years ago. There are 63,500 bridges in America that are deficient, and over the last decade we have seen Americans die on bridges that have col-lapsed. We have got a problem. 
Among other things, given all the 
chaos here in Washington, we have got a problem with infrastructure. The House of Representatives is going to take up an infrastructure bill this week in committee. We will talk about that a little later. 
First I want to go through some of 
the other problems besides bridges and highways. Oh, by the way, it would take $780 billion to bring our highways up to adequate standards. That is a lot of money. Or maybe it is not. That is about three-quarters of what we have spent in Afghanistan over the last 14 years. I guess we make decisions here about where we spend money. 
Forty-two percent of our highways 
are in inadequate condition, and con-gestion abounds in 42 percent of the urban highways. Yep, we have got problems, but we can solve them. We will see whether the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure is willing to solve the problems this week when we take up the infrastructure bill here in the House of Representatives. 
I would like to have my colleague 
from California, Representative J
ANICE  
HAHN, address one of our other prob-
lems. It is a problem that she is par-ticularly aware of. She represents the greatest port in America, the Port of Los Angeles, and its neighboring port, the Port of Long Beach. 
Representative H
AHN. 
Ms. HAHN. Mr. Speaker, I would like 
to thank my good colleague from Cali-fornia, Mr. G
ARAMENDI , for devoting 
this Special Order hour to the needs that we have in this country when it comes to our infrastructure. 
I am sort of excited because this 
week, at long last, barely in time be-fore the highway trust fund runs out of money, we are finally going to look at a long-term surface transportation bill to fund some of our Nation’s most crit-ical infrastructure, which you have been talking about. 
Our Nation’s highways, our roads, 
our bridges, they have been neglected far too long. Today we unfortunately have an infrastructure crisis. Not only do the American people rely on these roads to get from point A to point B safely and efficiently, our economy re-lies on them as well. 
I have been advocating, as you know, 
for more funding for our freight net-work. That is the series of highways 
and roads that go from our ports and our manufacturing hubs and that the vast majority of our Nation’s freight travel on. Our Nation’s ports are hard at work, bringing in cargo from all over the world and exporting the prod-ucts of American manufacturing to the growing overseas market. 
Twenty-two million jobs nationwide 
rely on the efficient movement of goods in and out of our ports. These jobs rely on our Nation’s freight net-work. For too long we have failed to in-vest in this important infrastructure and allowed it to crumble. Too many bridges along the freight network are in disrepair, and too many of our high-ways are unable to handle the modern levels of traffic. 
Now, many of us deal with the incon-
venience of traffic every day, but this same traffic also costs both businesses and consumers money, and it threatens our economy’s ability to stay competi-tive in the 21st century global econ-omy. 
As the roads on our freight network 
become more and more unreliable, the cost of transporting these goods in-creases, and American manufacturers and consumers pay the price. That is why I proposed legislation that would drastically increase the funding of this freight network infrastructure. 
I thought it would be a good idea, 
and my bill would have used existing customs fees to provide $2 billion every year just to fund this freight network and the infrastructure projects with-out, by the way, raising any taxes. I thought, by investing in our freight network, we could give American busi-nesses and manufacturers a competi-tive edge and spur job creation across the country. 
The highway bill that we are consid-
ering this week provides just $750 mil-lion per year in freight funding. That is less than half of what I was hoping for. But it is a start. I hope that we can continue this conversation and find ways to invest in our ports and in this freight network at the level that our economy needs. 
I hope that in coming days we can 
work in a bipartisan way to improve the highway bill and ensure that it passes before the end of this year. I would like to see the freight network expanded to include that last mile. Those are the roads that connect ev-erything to our ports with highways and with rail. And when we talk about improving our roads, these last mile roads are often forgotten, even when they have the greatest amount of traf-fic. 
I hope that we can expand the freight 
title to include funding for on-dock rail at our ports. Investing in on-dock rail would actually ease traffic on our high-ways by taking a lot of those trucks off the roads. That cargo would come off the ships, go right onto the rail and then to the end consumer. 
This bill is a positive step. It is not 
perfect. It is not as good as I would like 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Oct 21, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20OC7.039 H20OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7015 October 20, 2015 
to have seen, but it is the right step for 
a long-term plan to invest in our Na-tion’s critical infrastructure. 
I am looking forward to working 
with you, Mr. G
ARAMENDI . Thank you 
for your leadership on this. Thank you for talking about why Make It In America makes sense. But none of that makes sense unless we can finally in-vest in this infrastructure in this coun-try to, as you said, make this country great and make it work for everyone. 
Mr. GARAMENDI. Representative 
H
AHN, your leadership on the port 
issues is well known. You head up the PORTS Caucus here in the House of Representatives. You are constantly badgering all of us about the necessity of the ports being expanded. 
We know the Eastern ports are facing 
the challenge of providing access for the Panamax ships, bigger ships being able to go through the Panama Canal. As you have told us so many times, we need to improve the infrastructure on the West Coast for the efficiency so that we can keep those Panamax ships on the West Coast. 
The freight issue that you talked 
about so eloquently here is absolutely on. It is the major part of the Amer-ican transportation economy. We look at roads, we look at railroads, but the notion of combining this into a com-prehensive strategy in which we talk about the movement of goods, the freight movement. 
Your leadership is very, very impor-
tant. I thank you so very much for joining us. I know that you have a tight schedule for the evening, but you broke away to bring us the very, very important message. 
I want to continue on here really 
with the ports. The American Society of Civil Engineers does a report card on the American infrastructure. We would fail. We would have to go back to reme-dial classes if their report card was somehow the way in which we would judge the work of the United States Congress because, with regard to ports, as we just discussed, it is a C, even though progress has been made. 
To meet the needs of the ports, we 
are going to have to spend an addi-tional $46 billion over and above what is already programmed. We are going to have to spend $748 billion in the fu-ture in order to meet the needs of the highways, and that just gets us out of the D rating provided by the American Society of Civil Engineers. 
For transit, it is also a D. As I said 
earlier, some one-half of American households depend upon transit be-cause they don’t have a car, and 45 per-cent of the urban passengers cannot get the services that they need from transit. 
It goes on and on and on. Bridges, a 
C-plus. As I said earlier, 63,500 bridges are inadequate. For the rail system, part of what Congresswoman H
AHNwas 
talking about, the railroads have in-vested over $75 billion of their own money improving their systems, but the intermodal programs that are so necessary require that those rails con-
nect to the highways, to the trucking industry, and that hasn’t been done. So the rails actually receive a C-plus ranking. 
We have got work to do here. We 
have got some very, very serious prob-lems. Let me just put this up because there are solutions available to us. 
If we take a look at the problem, in 
this case, the global assessment of the United States is 16th for transpor-tation infrastructure. The solution? In-vest. For every dollar that we invest, the economy grows by $3.54. So when you put a dollar in, suddenly you get the economy moving. People go to work. 
For every billion dollars that we in-
vest in roads and bridges, we are going to create 21,671 jobs. Those are people that are getting good, high-quality, high-paying, middle-income jobs. Guess what. They are going to pay taxes. So you invest a dollar and you get back $3.54 of economic activity. And you get tax growth, not new taxes, but new people paying taxes. 
That is what we want. We want peo-
ple to go to work. We want jobs in America. We find that, if we invest in infrastructure, we have got the oppor-tunity to create jobs, to increase the tax base, and grow the economy. 
Now, on the negative side, under-
investing in infrastructure costs Amer-ica over 900,000 jobs, including 97,000 jobs in manufacturing. These things go together. We have fortunately had over the years a buy-America requirement in the infrastructure financing for highways and bridges and the rest and for transit, that your tax dollars, my tax dollars, all of our tax dollars, are required to be used to buy American- made goods, equipment, services, buses, and the like. 
Unfortunately, it is only 50 percent. 
So a transit agency can take your tax money and spend 50 percent of that tax money on buying a bus or a train from China, and the other 50 percent pre-sumably would have to be spent on American-made services and goods. 
b1945 
Not good enough. I think it ought to 
be 99 percent. Why not use our tax money to buy American? 
So these are the opportunities and 
the problems that we have available to us, and that is the large outsourcing that I just talked about. 
And the solution? Make It In Amer-
ica. I have talked about that for 5 years here on the floor. Build the American economy with Make It In America laws and regulations. Use our tax money to buy American-made goods and equipment. 
Here is what it means. Let me give 
you a couple of examples of the good news and the bad news. Here is why Make It In America strategies are im-portant. 
The bad news is California, my home 
State, where we had to rebuild the San Francisco-Oakland Bay Bridge, span-ning from Oakland to the peninsula, 
San Francisco. It fell down during the ’89 earthquake, and then we decided we had to rebuild it. 
Well, you know, it takes a long time 
to figure out how to build it and what it is going to look like. It took forever. However, it was a multibillion-dollar project; and someone decided that it would be cheaper to buy Chinese steel than American steel, so they con-tracted with a Chinese steel company. The result was 3,000 jobs in China, a brand-new steel mill to manufacture the most high-quality steel. And what the Chinese sent to America was defi-cient. The welds were insufficient. There were problems in the quality of the steel. 
The result was, at least part of that 
problem was, some $3.5 billion overrun. That is the bad news. California really screwed up. We say, ‘‘Make it in Amer-ica.’’ 
Guess what happened on the other 
side of the continent? New York needed to rebuild a new bridge, the New York Tappan Zee Bridge. It was made with United States manufactured steel; total cost, $3.9 billion, 7,728 American jobs because they undertook a buy America requirement, and they bought it in America; on time, under budget. The Tappan Zee Bridge, good; the San Francisco Bay Bridge, bad. 
Make it in America, buy American, 
that ought to be our policy. 
I want to move on to where we are 
this week. On October 29, the United States Congress will engage in its fa-vorite game: kicking the can down the road. 
We will take up a transportation and 
infrastructure bill in the House of Rep-resentatives Transportation and Infra-structure Committee this week. Good for us. Several months late, not in time for next week’s deadline. So we will kick the can down the road. We will give ourselves another couple of months to ponder how we can address the needs of America’s infrastructure. 
I want to suggest to you there is a 
way we can do it. I put this chart up to challenge all of us. This chart displays the opportunity as well as the poten-tial for the missed opportunity. 
There are three new infrastructure 
pieces of legislation that are floating around the United States Capitol. But before we go to those three, I want to call your attention to where we are today. 
Highway funding, this is today’s 
highway funding. We are spending somewhere around $264 billion on high-ways, $64.2 billion on transit. The en-tire amount over a 6-year period of time—this is 6 years—is $319 billion. This does not include the rail system. 
So $319 billion is what we are spend-
ing today over a 6-year period of time. I have already said how inadequate that is. I won’t go back through that again. 
Now, the administration proposed 
but, frankly, never pushed, never put any weight behind it and, I think, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:23 Oct 21, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20OC7.041 H20OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7016 October 20, 2015 
copped out on what is, in my view, a 
very, very good bill, a comprehensive bill that included rail transit—again, not included here. It was a bill that had $449 billion, not including the rail, over a 6-year period, compared to the $319 billion that we are spending today. That amounts to, what, $120 billion a year more—actually, $130 billion a year more. 
That is good. That is what we need. I 
misquoted that. It is $130 billion over 6 years. That is the kind of money that we need to build the infrastructure. 
Highways, $317 billion, over 6 years, 
compared to where we are today, $246 billion. Significant increase, enough to fix the potholes on I–5. Transit, $114.6 billion over 6 years, compared to today, $64 billion over 6 years. The entire sum, $449 billion, compared to $319 billion over 6 years. 
That is the kind of progress that we 
can and must make if we want to move from 16th among the world’s econo-mies, developed economies, to get back up into the top five. That is what we need to do. 
Now, once again, this does not in-
clude the rail transit. If you add the rail transit in, these numbers are a lit-tle bigger. That is the kind of effort. 
The United States Senate, what did 
they decide to do in their bill called the Senate DRIVE Act? $276 billion compared to $246 billion over 6 years; $74.9 billion for transit, compared to $64 billion. That is good. That is $10 bil-lion. Better, but not enough. We actu-ally need over $114 billion or $115 bil-lion. 
The entire sum on the Senate side, 
not including rail, is $361 billion com-pared to $319 billion. Better, but not enough. Not sufficient to build the in-frastructure that this economy and this society need to move out of 16th place back into the top tier of five. 
Now, where is the House of Rep-
resentatives? 
This week, we are going to take up a 
bill that is less than the Senate bill and just a little, teeny, tiny bit better than what we are doing today. So if you are happy with what we are doing today, you will love the House bill. But if you don’t want potholes, if you want to deal with congestion, if you want to deal with ports and freight, if you want to move from a D to a B or an A, you don’t do it with the House bill. 
I understand, this is a starting point. 
This is the beginning of negotiations. But why in the world would you begin negotiations at the bottom when you need to get to the top? It beats me. I don’t get it. 
We have got to build the American 
infrastructure. It is how we move our economy. It is how we move people back to work in good, middle-class jobs. It is how your tax money should be spent. 
And how can we raise the revenue for 
this? 
Well, we don’t need to increase the 
gasoline or the diesel tax. Keep it the same, no increase. People can argue that it should or should not be in-
creased, but you don’t need to. 
This proposal, the GROW AMERICA 
Act, the additional $100-plus billion dollars over 6 years to build our infra-structure, is fully paid for by keeping the gasoline and the diesel tax at the level it is today and going after the hidden profits of the United States cor-porations that have skipped out on their responsibility to this country. 
They are hiding their profits over-
seas. We need to go after those profits and say: You owe it to America; bring that money back and pay your just taxes. That is how this is paid for, fully paid for. 
How much? About $120 billion over 6 
years, enough to get the job done. 
American corporations won’t be al-
lowed to run away from their responsi-bility to their country. They will pay their fair share, here in America. No more tax dodges overseas, folks. 
So, where are we? The question for 
the Congress of the United States is: Are we going to go with what we have today, just a little bit more, just keep-ing up with inflation? Is that good enough for America to be number one? No, it is not. 
Can we do better without burdening 
the truckers, without burdening the commuters? We can, if we are willing to step up to the American corpora-tions, the big and the powerful, and say: Pay your fair share. 
Oh, by the way, their fair share is 14 
percent, which is less than one-half of the corporate tax rate. 
We will see what happens. The House 
of Representatives, the men and women that you have elected, are going to make some decisions. We will make a decision about Speaker eventu-ally. That will get taken care of even-tually. We will make some decisions about a few other things. But the infra-structure issue of this Nation is funda-mental to economic growth. 
I hope we make the right decision. I 
hope we make the decision to grow this economy, to make it in America, spend your tax dollars here at home, and give you the roads, the transit system, the ports, the freight movement, the air-ports that you need and America needs. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
f 
HONORING AMERICA’S 
PHARMACISTS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the gentleman from Geor-gia (Mr. C
OLLINS ) is recognized for 60 
minutes as the designee of the major-ity leader. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, I appreciate the opportunity to be here this evening. It is a good time to be back here on the floor tonight, espe-cially after coming back from a week, I am always very pleased to go see home, be a part of folks who get out-side this beltway, get outside where they get up in morning, they go to work, they do the things that families 
do and communities do, and they do so with a sense of purpose and work. 
I think tonight we are going to bring 
to light, during our time together, we are going to talk about some of the great folks, our American pharmacists and the battle that they carry on every day. They are true champions on the front lines of health care. 
Tonight we are going to be joined by 
several people. My good colleague from Georgia, B
UDDY CARTER , is going to be 
here. D AVE LOEBSACK from Iowa is 
going to be here as well. We will have many people come in and out. 
Over the next 60 minutes, I hope the 
words that we speak will encourage and inspire those who care for our con-stituents in their time of need. 
Back in 1925, the first celebration of 
National Pharmaceutical Week was held October 11–17. In 2004, American Pharmacists Month was launched to bring greater awareness to the expand-ing role of pharmacists in the healthcare system and recognize their unwavering commitment to patient care. 
On October 1, we celebrated Phar-
macist Appreciation Day and partici-pated in the third annual tweet-a-thon. This year, there were 7,214 tweets from 1,285 tweeters, and I wanted to share some of my favorite ones at this time. 
They say: 
Can you give me a flu shot through the 
drive-through? 
We do more than count pills. We ensure 
medication safety for our patients in a vari-ety of settings. We save lives. 
We filled insulin for a patient after she was 
refused by the big box pharmacies. 
What does Batman have in common with 
your pharmacist? They save lives. 
I wanted to be a pharmacist because in my 
small town, doctors rotated in and out, but the pharmacist knew my community. 
Every year, the American Phar-
macists Association Academy of Stu-dent Pharmacists creates a national theme to encourage and advocate for the profession of pharmacy, and this year the theme is: Live your ‘‘why.’’ We are going to come back to that a lot tonight, Live your ‘‘why.’’ 
It is incredible to read the out-
pouring of stories from student phar-macists around the country. 
Hannah Holbrook is a pharmacy stu-
dent at ULM, one of the most active and committed student pharmacist chapters in the Nation. She told a local paper: ‘‘Even as students, we can be leaders and have impact on patients.’’ 
I believe the next generation of phar-
macists is going to do truly remark-able things that could radically trans-form patient care, but it won’t happen unless Congress acts. We must act to level the playing field so independent and community pharmacists can not only compete, all they are asking for is a chance, and we need to make sure that we step up and do that. 
Tonight, like I said, we are going to 
share from many as we go tonight, but I want to start off with Representative B
LUM, who has come down to speak 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:23 Oct 21, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20OC7.042 H20OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7017 October 20, 2015 
with us. He has got to run off on some 
other events, but we wanted to get you here tonight. We are glad that you are here to speak on this important issue for your community and others. 
I yield to the gentleman from Iowa 
(Mr. B
LUM). 
b2000 
Mr. BLUM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
in support of pharmacies across the country, especially the independent community pharmacies who operate in a tough business climate to serve rural areas and provide patients with con-venient, affordable, and personal care. 
In my home State of Iowa, 72 of our 
99 counties are considered medically underserved; and of these, 27 are served by only one pharmacy. Many of these areas are rural, and a large number of citizens in these sparsely populated areas rely on their community phar-macy for access to lifesaving drugs and treatments. 
Unfortunately, the implementation 
of Federal policy to address the rising costs of drugs has left independent community pharmacists at a disadvan-tage. Often unable to cover the costs of maintaining and managing a store-front, community pharmacies are clos-ing their doors at an alarming rate. This leaves many Americans without access to the timely, efficient, and per-sonal patient services they provide. 
To that end, I am most happy to co-
sponsor H.R. 592, to ensure that phar-macists are recognized as providers under Medicare part B so that my con-stituents can have access to local healthcare services instead of traveling long distances to seek out care. 
Additionally, I am also proud to 
work with the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. C
OLLINS ) as well as my colleagues 
across the aisle, such as Congressman D
AVE LOEBSACK from the Second Dis-
trict of Iowa, to lower the cost of drugs and promote fair competition and choice, which will ultimately benefit patients. 
I will continue to work to pass legis-
lation, such as H.R. 244, to increase the transparency of drug payment rates under Medicare part D and TRICARE, while ensuring a fair, competitive mar-ket for generic drugs. 
Finally, I wish to highlight the work 
of Hartig Drug Stores, the second-old-est family-owned independent drug-store company in America, which has locations throughout my district, in-cluding my hometown of Dubuque, Iowa. Hartig’s pharmacies operate in three States, employing 437 people. 
I believe we should be enacting poli-
cies that allow these kinds of local pharmacies to thrive instead of shut down. My hope is that through the con-tinued hard work of their dedicated employees and the implementation of better policies at the Federal level, these family businesses will continue to serve patients in and around my dis-trict for many years to come. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Thank you, 
Mr. B
LUM. I think what you have recognized are 
the struggles that are going on right now. And what I have found—I was speaking with a Member tonight from one of our Midwestern districts. It was on the floor as we were voting earlier. I started explaining what was going on in our independent pharmacies. This Member did not know. They had not had a chance to interact. They didn’t know what was going on and the changes that were going on. So you being here tonight helps highlight that. 
I think as we educate Members, this 
is just an inequity that is in our healthcare system that needs to be fixed. 
I appreciate the gentleman from Iowa 
(Mr. B
LUM) being here. 
There are many things that are 
talked about in our time up here. Many times, we talk about not being able to work together. This is an issue that draws us together. 
Mr. L
OEBSACK and I have worked 
through two Congresses now on this issue. We are going to work on more together. It is my honor to yield to the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. L
OEBSACK ) 
to expound on this because we have been working on this for a while, and it is good to have you here tonight. 
Mr. LOEBSACK. Thank you, Mr. 
C
OLLINS . It is great to be here. I know 
that you folks have a lot of things going on on your side of the aisle, and it is a testament to your commitment to this issue that you have gotten a number of your colleagues here tonight to speak to this issue, to speak to the importance of independent and commu-nity pharmacists. 
It is really, really important for 
America that we talk about this. And as Mr. C
OLLINS said—and Mr. C ARTER , I 
appreciate your invitation as well—it is really important that we speak to how important these folks are for our communities, for health care, for their patients. 
Mr. B
LUM, thank you for being here 
tonight as well. 
Mr. B LUMrepresents the district that 
borders me to the north, and he men-tioned the Hartig pharmacy. They have a pharmacy in Iowa City, and I took a little bit of time out of my schedule a couple years ago to visit there and to 
hear the problems that they have when it comes to all kinds of issues. 
This month, of course, is American 
Pharmacists Month. It is a month dur-ing which we recognize the important role that pharmacies play in our com-munities. Pharmacists are, in fact, frontline healthcare providers, and they are counselors for many patients who consistently depend on their train-ing and expertise to stay informed, to stay healthy, and to stay out of the hospital. They also play an incredibly important role in strengthening the economies of the areas they serve, par-ticularly in rural counties like so many of those that I represent of the 24 counties I have. 
It is also crucial that these phar-
macies have a level playing field, as was already mentioned by the gen-
tleman from Iowa (Mr. B
LUM), when 
trying to run a successful business in a challenging and complex environment. Like most small-business owners, com-munity pharmacists face many chal-lenges to compete and negotiate on a day-to-day basis with large entities on their business transactions. 
I have personally visited, as I have 
said, many of these pharmacies in my district, the Second District. I have learned firsthand how they often strug-gle to compete. 
One problem I have heard, for exam-
ple, from many pharmacists is that the reimbursement system—and I am sure we are going to hear more from folks about that tonight—for generic drugs is largely unregulated; and it is, in 
fact, a mystery to many folks. Generic prescription drugs account for the vast majority of drugs dispensed, so it is critical for pharmacists’ bottom line that their reimbursement is trans-parent. 
However, pharmacists are reimbursed 
for generics via the maximum allow-able cost, or MAC, lists created by pharmacy benefits managers, PBMs— the drug plan middleman, something we have heard so much about. But the methodology used to create these lists is not disclosed. It is a secret. It shouldn’t be a secret. It should be open. We need to have transparency on this front. Also, the lists aren’t updated on a regular basis, resulting in phar-macists often being reimbursed below what it costs them to actually acquire the drugs. That makes no sense what-soever. 
So to address the problem, I 
partnered with the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. C
OLLINS ) to introduce 
H.R. 244, the MAC Transparency Act. We have a lot of folks onboard on this. It is a bipartisan bill at a time when, as Mr. C
OLLINS said, there is not a lot 
of bipartisanship in this body at the moment. 
Basically, what this bill would do is 
it would ensure that Federal health plan reimbursements to pharmacies keep pace with generic drug prices, which can skyrocket overnight, as we know. 
I am not going to go into great detail 
at the moment. We have got time to talk about this a little bit more. There are other things we can talk about to-night. But I just wanted to say a few things at the outset and to just thank you again, Mr. C
OLLINS and Mr. C AR-
TER, for setting this particular time 
aside so we can really educate our col-leagues, as much as anything, about the problems facing independent com-munity pharmacists. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. I thank my 
colleague. I do appreciate that. 
And that is the issue here: education. 
People can look in on this. They can 
hear what we are talking about. They can see this education part of it. 
This is found in every district. It is 
almost like veterans. There is no Mem-ber of Congress that doesn’t have vet-erans’ issues, because they come from 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:23 Oct 21, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20OC7.043 H20OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7018 October 20, 2015 
every area. Every one of our districts 
has independent pharmacists. And as one told me just the other day, he said, if the condition doesn’t change, they will be gone in a year and a half. 
I have had, even in my area, county 
governments who believe that they can cut their healthcare costs by going and taking the pharmacies and putting them with a PBM and centralizing it for county employees. They said that they would save X amount of dollars. And when I called my county commis-sioner and asked him about this, I said: You save this amount of money. But, I said: If you realize, if you take county employees out of the system, govern-ment operating this—and this is some-one on my side of the aisle. I told him: You take government and put this in control, you are going to put phar-macies out of business. And I said: How much do you save when they have to lay off employees? They shutter their businesses, and you lose sales tax, property tax, and the peripheral in-come that comes with that. 
We have got to address it, and that is 
why we are here tonight. This edu-cational process is important. 
When you come up through the legis-
lative ranks—whether it is here in Con-gress or the State house, where I start-ed, you meet folks who you learn to have a great deal of respect for, espe-cially from the places that they have come and what they have done in the past. 
B
UDDY CARTER , the Congressman 
from the southeast coastline of Geor-gia, is one of those who actually is a pharmacist. 
I think one of the things I want to 
emphasize tonight is—and some people might be saying: Why are you bashing pharmacists? We are not bashing phar-macists. Pharmacists are great. I love them. No matter where they work, it is the system that they are trapped in that is broken, that is hurting the indi-viduals who need that care. 
So tonight we are going to have a 
great perspective from one in the pro-fession who understands this firsthand, from owning those pharmacies, but also dispensing and taking care of pa-tients. 
With that, I yield to the gentleman 
from Georgia (Mr. C
ARTER ) for his com-
ments. 
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Thank you, 
Representative C OLLINS , and thank you 
for hosting this tonight. This is cer-tainly a very important subject. It is very important to me, personally, yes, but it is more important to our healthcare system. 
Mr. Speaker, for over 2,000 years, the 
practice of pharmacies has existed to help people with their ailments. Today, the most common pharmacy position is that of the community pharmacist. Community pharmacists are the front lines of medication, instructing and counseling on the proper use and ad-verse effects of medically prescribed drugs. 
However, over the past decade, there 
have been several issues that have threatened the role of community 
pharmacists. Being a community phar-macist myself, I know these issues all too well. I believe that there are three main issues that we can address in Congress that will allow the commu-nity pharmacists to continue to fill the invaluable role of counseling Ameri-cans on the proper use and dangers of prescription medications. 
First of all, MAC pricing trans-
parency. 
When I became a Member of the 
United States Congress and I got in-volved in government, I jokingly said that if I could learn 10 percent of all the acronyms in the Federal Govern-ment, I think I would have been a suc-
cess. Then I got to thinking about it, and I feel a little silly now because there are a lot of acronyms in phar-macy as well. One of those is MAC, M- A-C, maximum allowable cost. Another is PBM, pharmacy benefits manager. 
Now let’s talk about MAC pricing 
transparency. This is a bill that is being offered, and this is a situation that needs to be taken care of. It needs to be addressed. It is perhaps one of the most pressing—if not the most press-ing—issues facing community phar-macists right now. 
MAC is a price list. The maximum al-
lowable cost is a price list that lists 
the upper limit or the maximum amount that an insurance plan will pay for a generic drug. In other words, if you have a generic drug and it is on that MAC list, they are going to tell you what the maximum allowable cost is. That maximum allowable cost may be $10. Now, if you can buy it for $9, more power to you; but if you have to buy it for $11, you are only going to get paid $10. That is why they call it the maximum allowable cost. 
Each insurance plan sets the max-
imum allowable cost for the plan. Some States require them to follow a certain policy, if you will, a certain procedure when they set those plans, those prices. Most States don’t. In a lot of States that don’t, the insurance companies can set it wherever they want to, whatever they want to set it at. They may choose a drug that is only available in a certain area for a certain price. 
For instance, if I am in southeast 
Georgia, I may not be able to get that drug at that price that they set it at because they used the price that it is available in the northeast and is not available to us in the southeast. That is why we have got to have trans-parency. That is why we have got to have maximum allowable cost trans-parency. 
PBMs are supposed to ensure that 
the cost of the drugs do not rise to unaffordable price levels, which is sup-posed to allow continued access to medications to Americans and main-tain low costs for employers who pro-vide coverage for those employees, and that is very important. They are sup-posed to set those prices so that their plan’s recipients, the ones that are cov-ered, are able to get those medications. Therein lies a couple of problems. 
One is what I just explained, that it is not always available at the price that they set. A second is that sometimes the price goes up. We know that the price of generics have been going up significantly and rapidly. When that happens, sometimes the insurance com-panies, the PBMs, are slow to raise their MAC prices, which means that if I have got a MAC price of $10 and, over-night, the price of that drug went up to $20, until the insurance company raises the MAC price, I am still going to get paid $10 even though it is costing me $20. That cannot be sustainable for community pharmacists. 
Community pharmacy is somewhat 
different from other healthcare pro-viders in that we have a product. We actually have a product that we have to pay for. We have that product. 
Now, granted, doctors’ offices have 
injectables they have to pay for and so and so, and we understand that. But in community pharmacy, we actually have that product on our shelf, and we have got to pay for it, regardless of how much we get paid for it. The wholesaler doesn’t say: Well, how much did you get paid for it? That is how much we are going to charge you. 
We wish it worked that way, but it 
doesn’t work that way. 
The way it works is they have got a 
set price. If it is $20 and I am only get-ting paid $10 for it, I am losing that $10. 
Now, some of you may think: Well, 
you can make up that $10, can’t you, and charge the patient? No. You can’t do that. 
If they have got a copay, that copay 
is $5, that is what they pay. I can’t charge them $15 to make up for that difference. That is not allowed. That is one of the things that is leading to the detriment of the community phar-macy. 
But perhaps an even more important 
point there is what happens with the patient. Because, keep in mind, ulti-mately what we are talking about here, when we are talking about keeping community pharmacies open, when we are talking about making certain that this provider is available, we are talk-ing about the patients. 
b2015 
We are talking about the patient and 
patient care. If I am not able to pay for that medication because I am not get-ting reimbursed enough, that patient is not going to get the medication, and that is going to lead to even more med-ical costs. That is why this is so vitally important. In the end, what it comes to is patient care. 
What is the problem? What is the 
problem with PBMs, with the phar-macy benefits managers? First of all, there is no transparency. There is no transparency in the contracts with the PBMs. For example, several years ago Meridian Health Systems, a nonprofit that owns and operates six hospitals in southern New Jersey, hired a PBM to help reduce their surging medication 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:23 Oct 21, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20OC7.045 H20OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7019 October 20, 2015 
costs for its 12,000 employees and their 
families. 
This PBM projected it would slice at 
least $763,000 from Meridian’s $12 mil-lion in annual medication spending. Just 3 months into the contract Merid-ian was on pace to balloon by $1.3 mil-lion. This PBM insisted that it was ac-tually saving Meridian money. It was not. 
After some investigation by Merid-
ian, Meridian discovered that this PBM was making huge gross profits ranging from $5 per prescription to multiple times that amount. In one example, Meridian was charged $92.53 on a ge-neric bottle of antibiotics while the PBM only paid $26.91 to get the pre-scription filled. That is a profit spread of $65.62. 
Therein lies the problem in what is 
referred to as the spread, the difference between what the PBM actually charged the company and the dif-ference in what they actually paid for. That is the spread that the PBMs work on. 
The amount that PBMs charge the 
small businesses, the customer, or the government under part D of Medicare can be significantly more than what it actually costs for them to fill the pre-scription. As I mentioned, PBMs don’t always update their price list in a rea-sonable amount of time. This hurts pharmacies, and more than that, again, it hurts patients. 
There has been evidence to suggest 
that some PBMs wait until 4 to 6 months to update that reimbursement rates after a drug price rises. There has been evidence of that. 
I have experienced that while I was 
still working. Ten months ago, before I entered Congress, before I became a Member of Congress, when I was still running my drugstore, I experienced this. I experienced where a product would go up in cost, yet the PBM would not adjust their price, their cost, their MAC. 
We would have months, literally 
months, where we were getting paid less than what we were having to pay for the drug. Obviously, that is not sus-tainable. That business model doesn’t work for anyone regardless of who it is. 
This leaves pharmacists getting re-
imbursed for drug prices that could be extremely out of date. Any small busi-ness in the country can’t sustain oper-ability when they don’t know how much it costs to provide the customer with their service. You are basically asking a business owner to operate with no understanding of revenue. No one in the country can operate a busi-ness like this. 
We need as much transparency as 
possible to make sure that PBMs are doing what they were created to do. My colleague from Georgia (Mr. C
OLLINS ) 
has introduced H.R. 244, the MAC Transparency Act, which would provide much-needed transparency to the oper-ations of PBMs and provide phar-macies, businesses, and Americans a better understanding of their insurance coverage and the true drug costs. This 
is a very important piece of legislation. 
Another issue that is very important 
and extremely important to phar-macists is provider status. Now, Mr. Speaker, I graduated from pharmacy school in 1980. I have what is known as a bachelor of pharmacy degree. Back then it was a 5-year degree. The phar-macists that are graduating now are graduating with a doctor of pharmacy degree, a 4-year professional degree that usually comes after a bachelor’s degree. 
In most cases, they have at least 6 
and, in most cases, 8 years of edu-cation. Their clinical expertise is so impressive right now. The practice of pharmacy has changed so much during the years that I have been practicing. I have seen it go from where we did nothing more than fill prescriptions to where now the pharmacist is a vital member of the healthcare team. 
Mr. C
OLLINS mentioned a little while 
ago about someone asking if they could get a flu shot in a drive-through. We have actually seen that done some-times. But the point that I want to make is pharmacists now are actually administering vaccines. 
How does that help us? How does that 
help Americans? How does that help our healthcare system? Obviously, our vaccination rate improves. Keep in mind, in south Georgia, where I rep-resent, rural health care is a concern. We quite often say that, in Georgia, there are two Georgias. There is north Georgia and the Atlanta metro area and then there is the rest of Georgia. 
Access to health care is very impor-
tant in south Georgia, particularly in the rural area of south Georgia, where you find that pharmacists are some of the most accessible healthcare profes-sionals out there. If it were not for our pharmacists, many of these patients would not get those vaccinations, and that is very important. It is very im-portant that we have provider status for pharmacists. 
The U.S. healthcare system has come 
into an era of integrated care delivery systems that provide all-encompassing care to Americans. This new structure of care will provide Americans with the type of care that allows constant col-laboration with all sectors of health care to provide the highest level of care. 
As all of us know, the majority of 
Americans that rely on healthcare pro-fessionals are the elderly. However, under part B of Medicare, pharmacists are excluded from the list of providers under Medicare part B. 
This is something that is going to 
have to change. Regardless of how you might feel about the Affordable Care Act, regardless of how you might feel about what is our state of health care here in America now, one thing is for certain. We are going to have to utilize all disciplines in health care to im-prove our system. We are going to have to utilize pharmacists. We are going to have to utilize nurses and physician’s assistants. We are going to have to 
make use of all of those. 
Now, to my physician friends, make 
no mistake about it. Doctors remain the quarterback. They remain the cap-tains of the team. We have to have them. They are essential. But these services that have been provided in the old model where doctors did everything and the other healthcare professionals didn’t participate has got to change in order for health care to sustain here in America. 
We have got to utilize these. My wife 
is a physical therapist. The physical therapists who are graduating now, again, are so clinically oriented and they can do so much more. We find that in all different aspects in allied health care. 
That is something that we have to 
do. That is why it is vitally important that we have provider status for phar-macists, physicians, physician’s assist-ants, certified nurse practitioners, qualified psychologists, clinical social workers, certified nurse midwives, and certified registered nurse anesthetists. 
All of those are reimbursable and 
covered under Medicare part B, but pharmacists are not. Pharmacists need to be included in that. These profes-sionals make up a healthcare team that provides an integrated healthcare plan for the treatment of a patient. However, I have never experienced a patient that required this level of care without being prescribed medications. It is a vital part of it. 
If we don’t get the medications to 
them, the whole process fails. Why does the patient go to the doctor and spend all this time being diagnosed and this doctor use all of his expertise in diag-nosing this patient if they are not going to get the medications? It is a vital part. 
We refer to it as a three-legged stool 
where you have got the physician, you have got the pharmacist, and you have got the patient. All of them have to work together to make the system work. 
If we really want to provide a fully 
integrated healthcare system, phar-macists’ services should be included under Medicare. This is why my friend from Kentucky (Mr. G
UTHRIE ) has in-
troduced H.R. 592, the Pharmacy in Medically Underserved Areas Enhance-ment Act. This legislation would in-clude pharmacists under the list of pro-viders under Medicare part B and pro-vide a true integrated healthcare team for Medicare patients. 
Finally, the third thing that we need 
to do and that Congress can do—some health plans, particularly Medicare prescription plans, have selected cer-tain pharmacies to be the plan’s pre-ferred provider. We must have any will-ing provider, pharmacy legislation, rather than allow insurance plans to pick and choose a preferred pharmacy. 
Now, this is something I have, unfor-
tunately, a lot of experience with. I have been practicing for over 34 years 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:23 Oct 21, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20OC7.047 H20OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7020 October 20, 2015 
now. Let me tell you, I have had pa-
tients who have been with me that long. They are a part of my family. 
I have provided services to them. 
They have come to my store. I have provided generations of services to them, to their parents, to their grand-parents, and now to them and to their children. Yet, they at the first of the year come to me, some of them in tears, and tell me, ‘‘I have got to change pharmacies. I don’t want to. But my insurance plan is telling me that this is the only pharmacy I can use.’’ 
Sometimes the PBMs will mask it by 
saying, ‘‘Well, that is not true. They can use you. They can go ahead and pay for the medications and submit us the receipts and we will see if we can reimburse them or they can go to our preferred pharmacy and pay the $5 copay.’’ That is not a choice. That is not a choice at all. 
Other plans will tell you, ‘‘Okay. You 
can use this pharmacy outside of our preferred network if you want to. The copay is going to be $45. But if you use our preferred pharmacy, the copay is going be to $5.’’ 
Well, let me tell you, if you have 10 
prescriptions, as a lot of elderly pa-tients do, are you going to pay $450 as opposed to $50? That is not a choice. That is not something that is going to lead patients to stay with their phar-macy. 
They are going to have to change, 
and they don’t want to do that. Mr. Speaker, having a choice makes a dif-ference. These relationships that pa-tients have with their healthcare pro-viders are very, very important. 
So my colleague from Virginia (Mr. 
G
RIFFITH ) has offered legislation to 
remedy this problem. The Ensuring Seniors Access to Local Pharmacies Act of 2015 would allow Medicare en-rollees to keep their longtime phar-macist if that pharmacist agrees to the terms and conditions of the Medicare prescription drug plan. 
In providing this reform, we will be 
able to provide a free market system for prescription drug plans that will lower cost while also providing comfort to Americans. This is win-win. 
Now, before you say, ‘‘Oh, Buddy, all 
you are saying is that you want to force people to have to do this,’’ no, not at all. I am a free market guy. You will not meet more of a free market person than me. All we are asking to do is to have the ability to compete. That is all we are asking to do, to par-ticipate in the free market. 
If the insurance company—if the 
PBM, sets the reimbursement, if I see, okay, this is the reimbursement they are going to pay me, if I am willing to accept that reimbursement, I should be able to participate. That is all we are saying. 
Give us the opportunity, if we are a 
willing provider, to participate. Select Networks are hurting us. But, more importantly—more importantly—they are hurting the patients. Why is that? Because now the pa-
tient, instead of going to my pharmacy where it is convenient, where they have been going for 34 years, where their parents went, where their grand-parents went, are having to go and travel long distances, particularly in south Georgia, to get to the pharmacy that is a Select pharmacy, the Select provider. A lot of times they just do without. Then what happens? Then all of a sudden medical costs rise, and we don’t see adherence. That is a problem. 
So those three things, Mr. Speaker, 
are three things that are very impor-tant to community pharmacies. 
I want to thank again my colleague 
from Georgia (Mr. C
OLLINS ) for bring-
ing this up and let you know that I have been honored to serve as a phar-macist. I think it is a noble profession. 
But, most importantly, I want to 
make sure you understand this is about the patients. If community pharmacies don’t survive, this is going to mean that health care in this country suf-fers. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, I appreciate my friend from Georgia and his passionate defense of what we are doing here tonight. 
Earlier this month many of my col-
leagues and I sent a letter to CMS in support of proposed guidance to ensure part D plan cosponsors consistently re-port pharmacy price concessions. That letter was led by fellow Georgian and a good champion of pharmacists, A
USTIN  
SCOTT, and it is my pleasure to yield 
some time to him now. 
Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia. 
Thank you, Mr. C OLLINS and Mr. 
LOEBSACK . I appreciate your being 
here. This is certainly a bipartisan issue and gets to the heart of some of the challenges in health care in our country right now. I certainly rise today in support of our Nation’s com-munity pharmacists and our phar-macies which play a critical role in our healthcare system. 
Many of these independent businesses 
operate in underserved areas like the ones that I represent in rural Georgia, 24 counties. In areas where a doctor may be many miles away, local phar-macists deliver flu shots, give advice on over-the-counter drugs, and help with late-night drugstore runs for sick kids. 
Many people see their pharmacists 
much more often than their doctor, and there is a very personal relation-ship between these community phar-macists, patients, and the physician. They are community pillars, and they contribute greatly to the economies. It is crucial that these pharmacies have a level playing field when trying to run a successful business in a challenging and complex environment. 
As you know, Mr. C
OLLINS , I was an 
insurance broker for many years. I thought I might tell a very personal story about one of my clients who, shortly after their contract was issued, the gentleman’s child got sick and they needed a prescription filled. So they went to the local big box pharmacist or 
pharmacy, and they wouldn’t fill it for them. 
b2030 
Even when I, as the agent, could pro-
vide evidence that the person was in-sured without the card, they simply would not fill the gentleman’s prescrip-tion. The local community pharmacist was the one that filled the script. 
Now, the irony of it and what we are 
talking about here and where the real problem comes in is that, when the per-son got their insurance card because of the PBMs, they could no longer use that community pharmacist that was the only one that would provide the service that they needed when they ac-tually needed it. 
So it is extremely important that, 
when we have these business models, we keep those local community phar-macists where they are able to run a successful business and stay in busi-ness. 
During the August district work pe-
riod, I stopped by another drugstore, a small drug store in Quitman that had been there many, many years. Genera-tions of people have continued to rely on them for their services. 
While I was there, I watched one of 
our senior citizens, a lovely lady, come in. The owner called her by name. They caught up on family and friends and what was going on in life, and she had some questions about the medications. 
And let me tell you that pharmacist 
knew the answer to every single one. He knew her history with those medi-cations and was able to answer those questions that she asked. She left there with a smile on her face knowing that she knew what she needed to take, when she needed to take it, and what she needed to take it with. 
As I stopped at these local commu-
nity pharmacies like the ones I visited in August, I continued to hear concerns from them about what is happening in the pricing structure and that, if the price on a drug goes up, the insurance company has the ability and takes sev-eral months to change the rate when the price goes up. But if the price comes down, as happens in free market sometimes, they immediately reduce the price that they reimburse to the pharmacist. 
There should be no excuse for the dif-
ference in the timeframe in which the reimbursement occurs. If it can be done when the price is changing to the downside, it can certainly be done in the same time limit when the price is changing to the upside. 
A lot of things we have seen lately in 
pharmacy. We saw where a venture capitalist purchased a drug and raised the price of that drug several thou-sandfold overnight. That has been hap-pening, and local community phar-macists have expressed concerns with this issue for many years. 
It has happened with nitroglycerine 
tablets, for example, that has been around for decades and decades. They 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Oct 21, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20OC7.048 H20OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7021 October 20, 2015 
have gone from 8 cents apiece to $8 
apiece. Digoxin for a heart condition, doxycycline, the same thing has hap-pened with these drugs. 
How is this happening? And who is 
going to help us fix this if not for the ability to get the information from their local community pharmacist? 
They are the ones that care the most, 
and they are the ones that are willing to help resolve the challenges with the higher drug costs in this country. 
So one would ask: How is it that, in 
many cases, our local pharmacists are kept from being able to participate in the networks? Well, in many cases, the networks that are blocking out the local community pharmacists are actu-ally owned by the big box pharmacies. 
If you want to talk about a conflict 
of interest, that is about as conflicted as it gets when your big box phar-macists own the network that actually can determine who you can get your drugs from and they box out their own competition. 
Quite honestly, I think it would be a 
wonderful issue for the Federal Trade Commission to get involved in and to bring competition back into that area. 
One of the things that I think would 
help is H.R. 793, the Ensuring Seniors Access to Local Pharmacies Act of 2015. I want to thank my colleagues that are here that are also cosponsors for it. 
This bill allows community phar-
macies that are located in medically underserved areas or areas that have health professional shortages the abil-ity to participate in Medicare part D in the preferred pharmacy networks so long as they are willing to accept the contract terms and conditions that other in-network providers operate under. 
This is reasonable. This is patient 
choice. This keeps the small business owner out there. Let me ask you to make no mistake about it. This is big business versus small business. 
One of the other things that I want 
to talk about is MAC, the maximum al-lowable cost. Pharmacists are often re-imbursed for generics by this MAC list. You have heard B
UDDY CARTER talk 
about this earlier. He certainly knows more about it than I do. This list is created by the PBMs, but nobody knows how they create this list. 
As patients, we have a right to deter-
mine how the costs are derived for the drugs that we are going to take. And understand this. It is not a manufac-turer’s cost. It is not a manufacturer’s cost. It is a maximum allowable cost. When the lists are updated, certainly it should be done in a timely manner. 
I am happy to have cosponsored H.R. 
244, and I certainly hope to see that bi-partisan bill pass. 
With that, Mr. C
OLLINS , thank you 
for taking the lead on this issue. 
Our local community pharmacists 
are extremely important to our healthcare system. There is a way to create a scenario under which the pa-tients have more choice and that re-quires keeping that local community 
pharmacist in business. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Well, Mr. 
S
COTT, I don’t disagree with you. I 
thank you for being here. You have been a great champion to this cause as well. 
I think the interesting thing here—I 
want to repeat—basically, what we are going back to is some simple fixes. We are not asking for one to be preferred over another one. 
I think exactly what the PBMs actu-
ally want is they want to prefer and they want to run you into their net-work and control you. 
And, by the way, most people don’t 
realize that a lot of our community pharmacists have to buy from PBM, who operate other big box stores, who, in turn, then audit them and can fine them if they don’t follow the plan ex-actly. 
These are the kind of crazy things 
that just obviously—— 
Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia. Can 
I repeat one thing you just said right there? 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Go right 
ahead. 
Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia. They 
get to audit their competitors. Now, in what other scenario in the world could you say it is a free market when your competitor, who is the big box multi- billion-dollar operation, gets to audit their small business competitor? 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. It is baf-
fling. That is why H.R. 244 simply says you have 7 days to update the list, number one. Number two, it says that patients will not be forced by PBMs to use a PBM-owned pharmacy, an obvi-ous conflict of interest. 
And according to Medicare data, 
PBM on mail order pharmacies may charge plans more, as much as 83 per-cent more, to fill prescriptions than community pharmacies. 
Mr. L
OEBSACK , you have been with us 
on this from day one. Tell me some more about what you are hearing out there. 
Mr. LOEBSACK. Oh, my gosh. First 
of all, I want to thank Mr. C
ARTER . It 
is testimonials like his that I have been hearing for the last 10 years, since I have been in Congress, since I first went to an independent community pharmacist, and you spoke with such great passion. 
You are not alone, as you know. 
Every single person like you in my dis-trict can tell me the same things that you have told me. That is why I am on these bills. That is why I am talking tonight about these issues. 
I don’t have the firsthand experience 
that you have as a pharmacist. The closest I ever got to a pharmacy, other than picking up my prescription drugs, before I got into Congress was when I was 16 and 17 years old. I was a delivery boy for Greenville Pharmacy in Sioux City, Iowa, which, by the way, still ex-ists, since 1969. Actually, longer ago than that it was established. But I would deliver prescription drugs to folks, especially to the elderly who 
couldn’t get out of their home, who couldn’t get to the pharmacy. 
That is what this is about, as you 
said. It is about making sure ulti-mately. And as a Member of Congress, my job is to make sure that folks have access to affordable quality health care. 
And that is where pharmacists play 
such an important role, whether it is with medication therapy management or just simply consulting on an infor-mal basis with someone who comes in and has a lot of different prescriptions and is confused by what to take and when to take them. 
You folks really do such a wonderful 
job. And if we lost that service, as you said, because of unfair business prac-tices, because of being squeezed by the big guys—and it doesn’t make any sense at all for that to happen—then patients would suffer in the end. 
That is why I support both of these 
pieces of legislation, two of these that have been mentioned already. 244, which Mr. C
OLLINS just mentioned 
again, to make sure that everyone un-derstands what it is about, it is a meas-ure that will increase transparency of generic drug payment rates in Medi-care part D and the Federal Employees Health Benefits program, which serves a lot of folks, as we know, millions of folks, and in the TRICARE pharmacy program by requiring those PBMs, one, to provide pricing updates at least once every 7 days. That doesn’t seem like a lot to ask, to me, and I am sure it doesn’t seem like a lot to ask for you; number two, disclose the sources used to update that MAC list and to notify pharmacies of any changes in indi-vidual drug prices before these prices can be used as a basis of reimburse-ment. This is complete common sense. That is why there are Republicans and Democrats alike on this bill, and I hope we can move this bill forward. 
In Iowa, the State legislature did 
pass something not quite this com-prehensive, but something similar to this, because in Iowa folks understand what these PBMs are doing and what those independent community phar-macists are up against. 
And the second piece of legislation, 
H.R. 592 that was already referenced, again, a bipartisan piece of legislation, has got 218 cosponsors. If memory serves me, that is exactly the number we need, if everybody votes, to pass a piece of legislation in this body. We could get it done. If we brought it to the floor, we could get it done. 
Maybe we ought to do a discharge pe-
tition. Sorry. I don’t mean to create too many anxieties there with you folks. But, nonetheless, we have got to get this thing done. It is about making sure that our pharmacists are able to continue to deliver the kind of quality health care. 
Look, whatever we decide at the Fed-
eral level when it comes to utilizing pharmacists to their full potential, this legislation does stipulate that nothing 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:23 Oct 21, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20OC7.050 H20OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7022 October 20, 2015 
will override State scope of practice 
laws as well. 
Because I know that a lot of folks in 
other professions have concerns about that, that pharmacists are going to go too far. Well, they are not going to. If States have laws in place about scope of practice, this legislation will not override that. 
But it is about making sure, as Mr. 
C
ARTER said and as Mr. C OLLINS would 
agree and others who have been so ac-tive on these issues would agree—it is about making sure that folks get the quality care that they need. 
If we close down these pharmacies in 
these rural areas—95 percent of the folks in Iowa are within 5 miles of an independent community pharmacist—if they close down those pharmacies, those folks in my district who depend upon those pharmacies and those phar-macists are going to suffer. That is un-acceptable to me. 
Thanks again for giving me the time 
to speak on this. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. 
L
OEBSACK , you hit it right. There are 
so many times we get to talking policy and big picture up here. The bottom line is what we do up here—and when I was in the State legislature, you could 
see it because you were a little bit clos-er—States are starting to pick up this mantle, as you just said, in Iowa and other States. But it goes back to that feeling of what I call security. 
Now, as I said just a few minutes ago, 
the pharmacist is not the issue. The pharmacist is someone who helps in the curing process. They are part of that. 
I don’t want to ever have anyone who 
happened to watch this to say, ‘‘Why are you bashing pharmacists?’’ We are not bashing pharmacists. What we are taking shots at and what we are trying to find solutions for is an abusive prac-tice that has been set up in the name of saving money at the expense of the pa-tient. That is unacceptable. 
It is time we have a hearing up here 
on those kind of abuses. I call for that. I call for the bills to be brought to the floor. Let’s do those kind of things. We have got 26 cosponsors and growing 
daily on H.R. 244. They are under-standing the issue. 
As we go into this thing, one of the 
things that I talked about earlier and I said I was going to come back to was: Live your ‘‘why.’’ You know, think about this. I want everybody to have a choice. If you like going to the big box and getting your bananas, your shot-gun shells, and your aspirin at the same place, go for it. That is great. I love it. 
But if you want to go to there and 
then go by and see your pharmacist who opened up, hung a shingle, so to speak, had that American Dream, he sells other things—and in my phar-macy I can get a scoop of ice cream and I sit there and talk and I see people and see life. That is what it is about. It is not about forcing us in. 
That is one of the problems that on 
our side we have had about health care in general. The government, that is not 
the place. This is an area where we have got our thumb sort of on the scale, and we have got to stop that. I think this is what does that, and your help has been tremendous in that re-gard. 
Congressman C
ARTER , one of the 
things we see in Georgia and I know we have seen it in Iowa—in short, you have a story—I have got stories I am going to probably share a little bit later—just where this is has affected a patient. 
Several of my pharmacists talk 
about how they have had customers that have been coming to them for years and then get a disease that they can’t keep the medicine because it is too expensive. Do you have some exam-ples like that where this kind of legis-lation would help? 
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Well, there 
is no question about it. As I said ear-lier, I am a free market guy. All I want to do is compete, and I want to com-pete on a level playing field. Let me compete. 
You know, when I first entered phar-
macy before PBMs became so vogue and became such a big part of this, it was pretty easy in the sense of being in business in pharmacy because all you had to do was be nice to the people. 
b2045 
I mean, it was about customer serv-
ice. It was about taking care of the pa-tient, and that is what we are talking about—taking care of the patient. 
I told you earlier I have had genera-
tions of families who trade with me— grandparents, parents. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. I want to 
jump in right here on this, and if you have a story, we will talk about it. 
My own family member had an issue, 
and we were discussing medication. I knew the doctor—I could call—but my first call was to my pharmacist be-cause I said I knew I could get him; I knew he would answer; and at the time—and what was amazing was—my parents didn’t buy their drugs from him, but, yet, he picked up the phone, and he heard my complaint. 
Is that sort of what you see and what 
you have seen as well? 
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Oh, there is 
no question about it. In fact, I have ex-perienced it. 
Look, I have been a community phar-
macist, as I said earlier, for 34 years. I have been in business for myself for al-most 28 years now. I live near where my pharmacy is. I live less than 5 miles away from it. I am a member of that community. I was the mayor of that community for 9 years. For 9 years, I was mayor. I served in the State legis-lature. I represent them now in Con-gress, and I have gotten calls in the middle of the night. 
What is interesting and what has 
been very rewarding for me profes-sionally is when I ran for office and when I would be knocking on doors, and I would introduce myself. ‘‘I know you. I know you. You helped my moth-
er when she was under hospice care. You got up and went to the store and met me there one night and got her medication.’’ Now, let me tell you that that makes you feel good. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. It does. 
Again, when you get into this, it is about people. 
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. It is. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Politics 
and drug stores and people. This is about politics. This is about people. It is those people. It is people. It is pol-icy. 
What kinds of things have you heard, 
Mr. L
OEBSACK ? 
Mr. LOEBSACK. I just want to say 
one thing. 
Pharmacists are among the most re-
spected folks in all of America, and there is a reason for that. 
Now, Mr. C
ARTER , I realize you went 
from being a pharmacist to being a Congressman. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. We do ques-
tion that. 
Mr. LOEBSACK. We might question 
your judgment about that kind of a transition, and you are finding out about that; but, nonetheless, every sin-gle time I go to a pharmacist, it is the same thing—they care. They care about their patients. 
Again, I have so many stories, but it 
would take forever for me to recount all the stories of all of the pharmacies I have gone to in my congressional dis-trict over the last 9 years. I have 24 counties. I have a lot of local phar-macies, as you might imagine, and those pharmacists are among the most respected folks in the community. They are right up there with the cler-gymen; so that tells you something about them and about their profession and about how folks look up to them and about how folks depend upon them. 
As you just said, they are the folks 
who get called when they are worried about their prescriptions. They are the folks who can be reached the most eas-ily. Other professionals can be reached, but pharmacists are right there at the ready, and that is very important. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. It is. If you are following and tracking, we 
can talk bills, and we can talk regula-tions, and those are great things; but the bottom line is what is best in the health care arena from the whole per-spective. 
You did a great job, Representative 
C
ARTER , about talking about the doc-
tor and all the different agencies com-ing in together. 
I will never forget, when growing up, 
the story, for me, of, when you got to the pharmacist, you were getting bet-ter. One, I had gotten through the doc-tor’s office—I had gotten my shot, or I had gotten whatever—but I had gotten to the pharmacist’s. Just give me some medicine. Let me go home. Back then, there was some tasting bad stuff—I don’t know where that came from—but I remember going in, and they would take time, and they would care. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:23 Oct 21, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20OC7.051 H20OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7023 October 20, 2015 
Still, in my district and in many of 
your districts, you can go in and look at the community pharmacist who was on the square. A lot of them had lunch counters. A lot of them had other things. They sold cards and trinkets. What is amazing to me today is I do not want to see through consolidation and corporate work a system that has a fingerprint on the scale, where gov-ernment has basically allowed this to happen—to start taking away the cen-terpieces of American squares. When you start taking away the centerpieces of squares and of lots and of commu-nities, both big and small—when you start doing that—then we are part of the problem. It is time we started edu-cating everybody we can. 
Do you see that? Mr. CARTER of Georgia. I do see 
that. 
I want to mention just two things. First of all, as an American taxpayer, 
you can imagine my being in business and having what we call ‘‘taxation without participation.’’ Here we have Medicare part D plans that are paid for and supplemented through the govern-ment, which I pay taxes to, but my business is not allowed to participate. I am being taxed. I am paying my taxes and am doing what I am supposed to do. It is being used for a plan that ex-cludes my business. How fair is that? I am not asking for anything special. All I am asking for is an even playing field. 
Another thing that I want to men-
tion is that I have intentionally not mentioned the names of PBMs. There are some good PBMs, and it is not the company that I have the problem with as much as it is the process and the model. I mean, that is very important to understand—we are talking about the model here—but I will tell you this. There have been numerous instances where companies think they are going to be saving money, and the PBMs have misled them into thinking they are going to save money. Let me tell you that these are some of the most profitable businesses around. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. May I jump 
in right here? 
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Sure. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. You may 
have heard this. 
I agree with you in that there are 
some great PBMs out there that do work. We are not just saying PBMs in general. 
The other thing that bothers me is— 
and I have heard this from my phar-macist, and you, I know, have experi-enced this, and we have talked about it, and Mr. L
OEBSACK has as well—my 
pharmacists, my community phar-macists, are scared to say something. They are scared to talk about what is actually going on because they are scared their contracts will get can-celed. They are scared that they will get another audit. 
I am sorry. I am not a pharmacist. 
You can’t audit me, and I am going to stand here and talk about it for the pharmacists because they can’t. That is wrong. Anybody who wants to say 
that that is right, I do not understand that; but when you have got phar-macists who are just honest, hard-working people who are trying to run independent businesses and when they are scared to talk about their vendors to work a workable plan, what are we doing here? This should be easy. 
Mr. LOEBSACK. It doesn’t serve any 
of us. It certainly doesn’t serve any of us in the end, because those folks are the ones who are serving us, and if they are suppressed—if their voices cannot be heard—that stifles competition. It goes back to the market. It stifles com-petition, and that is not good for any of us in the end. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. When 
things change and when they say that we can’t give input because we are scared, that is just a problem. 
We are coming up on our time of 
closing. 
Any last comments, Mr. L
OEBSACK ? 
Mr. LOEBSACK. Yes. Thank you, Mr. C
OLLINS . Thanks 
again for inviting me and Mr. C ARTER . 
I really do appreciate this. 
As always, Mr. C ARTER , I have 
learned something tonight from a phar-macist—I always do—and I really ap-preciate your comments. 
I just want to touch upon sort of the 
issue of the city square. That is so im-portant for so many of our rural dis-tricts, as you folks know all too well. It is kind of hard to explain that to our more urban colleagues, but we have to do the best that we can. A pharmacy is so absolutely critical for the economy of a small community. Yes, it is abso-lutely critical and necessary to serve 
the population in the area, but it is im-portant for the economy as well. 
We have a pharmacy—Mahaska Drug 
in Oskaloosa, Iowa. It is off the square a little bit, but it is such an important institution in its own right. Every Christmas, they have wonderful deco-rations, and they have things to sell for Christmas. I mean, people come to depend upon them to do the kinds of things they have done in providing not just the pharmacy services but other things as well. If they were to go under as a pharmacy, I am not at all sure that they would survive, and that com-munity would suffer as a result. Folks’ choices would be lessened. Their tradi-tion would be hurt. It would be a dis-aster in many ways for so many of our local communities if those pharmacies were to close down. 
I, for one, am with you. I am not 
willing to accept that. I am going to fight as hard as I possibly can with you, and we are going to do it together, holding hands across the aisle, which, as you know, doesn’t get done a lot around here; but when we can come to-gether, I think it is important for us to do that. So thanks again for organizing this tonight. I appreciate it. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. C
AR-
TER, would you like to add just a cou-
ple of things? 
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. I will very 
quickly. First of all, again, I want to thank 
you, Representative C OLLINS and my 
colleagues—all of you—for partici-pating in this. This has been a great exercise. 
Among my proudest possessions are 
the plaques that the baseball teams give you every year whenever you sponsor a team, and I have got a wall that is just filled with them. Patients come in all the time. ‘‘There I am. I played ball. That was the team I was on,’’ and they point toward it. It was the Carter’s Pharmacy team. 
I want to ask you: How many PBMs 
have you seen sponsoring Little League Baseball teams? I mean, seriously. 
Folks, we are talking about some-
thing that is essential to our commu-nities, and this is a dire situation. I am telling you. If this is not fixed soon, you are going to see a whole profession of community pharmacies going by the wayside. This is a matter of survival here. 
Again, we are not asking for a gov-
ernment handout. All we are asking for is to be able to compete. It is to be able to compete in a fair market, in a free market, on a level playing field. Ulti-mately, the loser here is going to be the patient. If we allow this to happen and community pharmacies go away, the ones who are going to suffer are going to be the patients. 
Thank you again for this. I can’t tell 
you how proud I am of my profession, a profession that I chose years ago when I was in high school and when I was a delivery driver. After I realized I was not going to be the athlete that I want-ed to be, I decided it was time to get serious and decide on a profession. I did, and I could not be any prouder than the profession I chose of profes-sional pharmacy. Thank you. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. I thank all 
of my colleagues for coming here to-night. 
I am going to go back to where we 
started: Live your ‘‘why.’’ Live your ‘‘why.’’ That is all we are asking. Our independent pharmacists and our com-munity pharmacists are just simply saying: Let us have an even playing field. We will play with the big boys. We don’t care. Just let us have our ‘‘why.’’ When we do that, our benefits come to our communities. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE 
By unanimous consent, leave of ab-
sence was granted to: 
Mr. H UDSON (at the request of Mr. 
MCCARTHY ) for today on account of 
family reasons. 
Mr. P AYNE (at the request of Ms. 
PELOSI ) for today through October 23 
on account of medical procedure. 
f 
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED 
Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, 
reported and found truly enrolled a bill of the House of the following title, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:23 Oct 21, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20OC7.053 H20OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7024 October 20, 2015 
which was thereupon signed by the 
Speaker: 
H.R. 1735. An act to authorize appropria-
tions for fiscal year 2016 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for mili-tary construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, I move that the House do now ad-journ. 
The motion was agreed to; accord-
ingly (at 8 o’clock and 56 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Wednesday, October 21, 2015, at 10 a.m. for morning-hour debate. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, 
ETC. 
Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
3169. A letter from the Acting Under Sec-
retary, Personnel and Readiness, Depart-ment of Defense, transmitting a letter au-thorizing Captain William W. Wheeler III, United States Navy, to wear the insignia of the grade of rear admiral (lower half), in ac-cordance with 10 U.S.C. 777; to the Com-mittee on Armed Services. 
3170. A letter from the Chief Counsel, 
FEMA, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Suspension of Community Eligibility (Otero County, NM, et al.); [Docket ID: FEMA-2015- 0001] [Internal Agency Docket No.: FEMA- 8403] received October 14, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
3171. A letter from the Executive Director, 
NACIQI, Office of Postsecondary Education, Department of Education, transmitting the Department’s annual report of the National Advisory Committee on Institutional Qual-ity and Integrity for FY 2015, pursuant to Sec. 114(e) of the Higher Education Act of 1965, as amended; to the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce. 
3172. A letter from the Assistant Secretary 
for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Depart-ment’s biennial report to Congress entitled Scientific and Clinical Status of Organ Transplantation for 2011-2012, in accordance with Sec. 376 of the Public Health Service Act, 42 U.S.C. 274d; to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 
3173. A letter from the Assistant Secretary 
for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Depart-ment’s biennial report to Congress entitled Scientific and Clinical Status of Organ Transplantation 2008-2010, in accordance with Sec. 376 of the Public Health Service Act, 42 U.S.C. 274d; to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 
3174. A letter from the Assistant Secretary 
for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Depart-ment’s NURSE Corps Loan Repayment and Scholarship Programs Report to Congress for FY 2014, in accordance with Sec. 846(h) of the Public Health Service Act; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
3175. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — 2-propen-1-aminium, N,N-di-
methyl-N-propenyl-, chloride, homopolymer; Exemption from the Requirement of a Toler-ance [EPA-HQ-OPP-2015-0363; FRL-9933-98] received October 13, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
3176. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Air Plan Approval; Michigan; 2006 PM2.5 and 2008 Lead NAAQS State Board Infrastructure SIP Require-ments [EPA-R05-OAR-2014-0657; FRL-9935-63- Region 5] received October 15, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
3177. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Protection of Stratospheric Ozone: The 2016 Critical Use Exemption from the Phaseout of Methyl Bromide [EPA-HQ- OAR-2013-0369; FRL-9935-69-OAR] (RIN: 2060- AS44) received October 13, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
3178. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Clean Air Act Redesigna-tion Substitute for the Houston-Galveston- Brazoria 1-Hour Ozone Nonattainment Area; Texas [EPA-R06-OAR-2014-0259; FRL-9935-68- Region 6] received October 13, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
3179. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Approval and Pro-mulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; New Mexico; Albuquerque/Bernalillo County; Revisions to State Boards and Con-flict of Interest Provisions [EPA-R06-OAR- 2013-0614; FRL-9935-53-Region 6] received Oc-tober 13, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
3180. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Pyrimethanil; Pesticide Tolerances [EPA-HQ-OPP-2015-0012; FRL- 9935-11] received October 16, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
3181. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Poly[oxy(methyl-1,2- ethanediyl)], a-[(9Z)-1-oxo-9-octadecen-1-yl]- w-[[(9Z)-1-oxo-9-octadecen-1yl]oxy-]; Exemp-tion from the Requirement of a Tolerance [EPA-HQ-OPP-2015-0442; FRL-9935-34] re-ceived October 16, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
3182. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Texas: Final Author-ization of State Hazardous Waste Manage-ment Program Revision [EPA-R06-RCRA- 2015-0109; FRL-9936-00-Region 6] received Oc-tober 16, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
3183. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-
cy’s final rule — Potassium Salts of Hops Beta acids; Exemption from the Require-ment of a Tolerance [EPA-HQ-OPP-2014-0374; FRL-9933-73] received October 16, 2015, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
3184. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s Major final rule — Petroleum Refinery Sector Risk and Technology Review and New Source Performance Standards [EPA-HQ- OAR-2010-0682; FRL-9935-40-OAR] (RIN: 2060- AQ75) received October 16, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
3185. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s Major final rule — National Ambient Air Quality Standards for Ozone [EPA-HQ- OAR-2008-0699; FRL-9933-18-OAR] (RIN: 2060- AP38) received October 16, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
3186. A letter from the Deputy Chief, CCR 
Division, Public Safety and Homeland Secu-rity Bureau, Federal Communications Com-mission, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — Ensuring Continuity of 911 Com-munications [PS Docket No.: 14-174] received October 13, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
3187. A letter from the Deputy Chief, Pub-
lic Safety and Homeland Security Bureau, Federal Communications Commission, trans-mitting the Commission’s final rule — Im-proving 911 Reliability [PS Docket No.: 13- 75]; Reliability and Continuity of Commu-nications Networks, Including Broadband Technologies [PS Docket No.: 11-60] received October 13, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
3188. A letter from the Director, Defense 
Security Cooperation Agency, Department of Defense, transmitting a notice of a proposed lease to the government of Nicaragua, Trans-mittal No. 01-16, pursuant to Sec. 62(a) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
3189. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, 
Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a report entitled ‘‘Report of U.S. Citizen Expropriation Claims and Cer-tain Other Commercial and Investment Dis-putes’’, pursuant to Sec. 527(f) of the Foreign Relations Authorization Act, Fiscal Years 1994 and 1995, Pub. L. 103-236; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. 
3190. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-
ment of the Treasury, transmitting a six- month periodic report on the national emer-gency with respect to Iran that was declared in Executive Order 12170 of November 14, 1979, as required by Sec. 401(c) of the Na-tional Emergencies Act, 50 U.S.C. 1641(c), and Sec. 204(c) of the International Emergency Economic Powers Act, 50 U.S.C. 1703(c), and pursuant to Executive Order 13313 of July 31, 2003; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
3191. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-
ment of the Treasury, transmitting a six- month periodic report on the national emer-gency with respect to Somalia that was de-clared in Executive Order 13536 of April 12, 2010 as required by Sec. 401(c) of the National Emergencies Act, 50 U.S.C. 1641(c), and Sec. 204(c) of the International Emergency Eco-nomic Powers Act, 50 U.S.C. 1703(c); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:51 Oct 21, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20OC7.023 H20OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7025 October 20, 2015 
3192. A communication from the President 
of the United States, transmitting notifica-tion that the national emergency, with re-spect to significant narcotics traffickers cen-tered in Colombia declared in Executive Order 12978 of October 21, 1995, is to continue in effect beyond October 21, 2015, as required by Sec. 202(d) of the National Emergencies Act, 50 U.S.C. 1622(d); (H. Doc. No. 114—68); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs and or-dered to be printed. 
3193. A letter from the Assistant Director, 
Senior Executive Management Office, De-partment of Defense, transmitting a report pursuant to the Federal Vacancies Reform Act of 1998, Pub. L. 105-277, 5 U.S.C. 3345- 3349d; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
3194. A letter from the Executive Analyst 
(Political), Food and Drug Administration, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting a report pursuant to the Fed-eral Vacancies Reform Act of 1998, Pub. L. 105-277, 5 U.S.C. 3345-3349d; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
3195. A letter from the Acting Director, 
U.S. Office of Personnel Management, trans-mitting the Office’s report entitled ‘‘Federal Student Loan Repayment Program Calendar Year 2014’’, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 5379(h)(1); to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. 
3196. A letter from the Division Chief, Leg-
islative Affairs and Correspondence, Bureau of Land Management, Department of the In-terior, transmitting the final map and cor-ridor boundary description for the Crooked Wild and Scenic River, pursuant to Pub. L. 90-542, Sec. 3(b), as amended; 16 U.S.C. 1271- 1287; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 
3197. A letter from the Branch Chief, En-
dangered Species Listing, Fish and Wildlife Service, Department of the Interior, trans-mitting the Department’s final rule — En-dangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; 4(d) Rule for the Georgetown Sala-mander [Docket No.: FWS-R2-ES-2014-0008; 4500030113] (RIN: 1018-BA32) received October 14, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
3198. A letter from the Chief, Branch of En-
dangered Species Listing, Fish and Wildlife Service, Department of the Interior, trans-mitting the Department’s final rule — En-dangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Designation of Critical Habitat for Diplacus vandenbergensis (Vandenberg Monkeyflower) [Docket No.: FWS-R8-ES- 2013-0049] [4500030113] (RIN: 1018-AZ33) re-ceived October 14, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 
3199. A letter from the Acting Listing 
Branch Chief, Fish and Wildlife Service, De-partment of the Interior, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Endangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Endangered Species Status for Trichomanes punctatum ssp. floridanum (Florida Bristle Fern) [Dock-et No.: FWS-R4-ES-2014-0044; 4500030113] (RIN: 1018-AY97) received October 14, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources. 
3200. A letter from the Director, Office of 
Surface Mining Reclamation and Enforce-ment, Department of the Interior, transmit-ting the Department’s final rule — Ohio Reg-ulatory Program [OH-254-FOR; Docket ID: OSM-2012-0012; S1D1S SS08011000 SX066A000 156S180110; S2D2S SS08011000 SX066A000 15XS501520] received October 14, 2015, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 3201. A letter from the Director, Office of 
Surface Mining Reclamation and Enforce-ment, Department of the Interior, transmit-ting the Department’s final rule — Kentucky Regulatory Program [SATS No.: KY-253- 
FOR; Docket ID: OSM-2009-0014; S1D1S SS08011000 SX064A000 167S180110; S2D2S SS08011000 SX064A000 16X501520] received Oc-tober 14, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 
3202. A letter from the Acting Branch 
Chief, Endangered Species Listing, Fish and Wildlife Service, Department of the Interior, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Endangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Endangered Status for 16 Species and Threatened Status for 7 Species in Micro-nesia [Docket No.: FWS-R1-ES-2014-0038] [4500030113] (RIN: 1018-BA13) received October 14, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
3203. A letter from the Acting Branch 
Chief, Endangered Species Listing, Fish and Wildlife Service, Department of the Interior, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Endangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Designation of Critical Habitat for the Dakota Skipper and Poweshiek Skipperling [Docket No.: FWS-R3-ES-2013- 0017] [4500030113] (RIN: 1018-AZ58) received October 14, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 
3204. A letter from the Principal Deputy 
Assistant Secretary for Fish and Wildlife and Parks, Department of the Interior, transmit-ting the Department’s final rule — 2015-2016 Refuge-Specific Hunting and Sport Fishing Regulations [Docket No.: FWS-HQ-NWRS- 2015-0029; FXRS12650900000-156-FF09R20000] (RIN: 1018-BA57) received October 14, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. 
3205. A letter from the Deputy Director, Of-
fice of Surface Mining Reclamation and En-forcement, Department of the Interior, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Pennsylvania Regulatory Program [SATS No. PA-154-FOR; Docket ID: OSM-2010-0002; S1D1S SS08011000 SX064A000 167S180110 S2D2S SS08011000 SX064A000 16XS501520] received October 14, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251;; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 
3206. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-
fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Fisheries of the Exclusive Eco-nomic Zone Off Alaska; Pacific Cod by Catcher/Processors Using Trawl Gear in the Western Regulatory Area of the Gulf of Alas-ka [Docket No.: 140918791-4999-02] (RIN: 0648- XE174) received October 13, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources. 
3207. A letter from the Director, Office of 
Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, National Oce-anic and Atmospheric Administration, trans-mitting the Administration’s temporary rule — Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Atlantic Bluefish Fishery; Quota Transfer [Docket No.: 140117052-4402-02] (RIN: 0648-XE113) received October 13, 2015, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
3208. A letter from the Director, Office of 
Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, National Oce-anic and Atmospheric Administration, trans-mitting the Administration’s temporary rule — Fisheries of the Northeastern United 
States; Scup Fishery; Adjustment to the 2015 Winter II Quota [Docket No.: 140117052-4402- 02] (RIN: 0648-XE156) received October 13, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. 
3209. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-
fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Fisheries of the Caribbean, Gulf of Mexico, and South Atlantic; Coastal Migratory Pelagic Resources of the Gulf of Mexico and South Atlantic; Trip Limit Re-duction [Docket No.: 101206604-1758-02] (RIN: 0648-XD779) received October 13, 2015, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
3210. A letter from the Director, Office of 
Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, National Oce-anic and Atmospheric Administration, trans-mitting the Administration’s temporary rule — Fisheries of the Caribbean, Gulf of Mexico, and South Atlantic; 2015 Commercial Ac-countability Measure and Closure for South Atlantic Snowy Grouper [Docket No.: 0907271173-0629-03] (RIN: 0648-XE181) received October 13, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 
3211. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-
ment of Health and Human Services, trans-mitting the Department’s determination on a petition filed on behalf of workers from the Hooker Electrochemical Corporation in Ni-agara Falls, New York, to be added to the Special Exposure Cohort, pursuant to the Energy Employees Occupational Illness Compensation Program Act of 2000 and 42 C.F.R. pt. 83; to the Committee on the Judi-ciary. 
3212. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, 
Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting the Department’s interim final rule — Visas: Documentation of Non-immigrants under the Immigration and Na-tionality Act, as Amended (RIN: 1400-AD17) received October 13, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on the Judici-
ary. 
3213. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, 
Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Visas: Procedures for Issuing Visas (RIN: 1400-AD84) received October 8, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. 
3214. A letter from the Assistant Adminis-
trator, Office of Procurement, National Aer-onautics and Space Administration, trans-mitting the Department’s final rule — NASA Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement: Drug- and Alcohol-Free Workforce and Mis-sion Critical Systems Personnel Reliability Program (NFS Case 2015-N002) (RIN: 2700- AE17) received October 14, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. 
3215. A letter from the Director, Office of 
Regulations and Reports Clearance, Social Security Administration, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Collection of Ad-ministrative Debts [Docket No.: SSA-2011- 0053] (RIN: 0960-AH36) received October 13, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of 
committees were delivered to the Clerk 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:51 Oct 21, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L20OC7.000 H20OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7026 October 20, 2015 
for printing and reference to the proper 
calendar, as follows: 
Mr. GOODLATTE: Committee on the Judi-
ciary. H.R. 1428. A bill to extend Privacy Act remedies to citizens of certified states, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–294, Pt. 1). Re-ferred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. M
CCAUL: Committee on Homeland Se-
curity. H.R. 3493. A bill to amend the Home-land Security Act of 2002 to establish the Se-curing the Cities program to enhance the ability of the United States to detect and prevent terrorist attacks and other high con-sequence events utilizing nuclear or other radiological materials that pose a high risk to homeland security in high-risk urban areas, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–295). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. M
CCAUL: Committee on Homeland Se-
curity. H.R. 3350. A bill to require a ter-rorism threat assessment regarding the transportation of chemical, biological, nu-clear, and radiological materials through United States land borders and within the United States, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–296). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. M
CCAUL: Committee on Homeland Se-
curity. H.R. 3572. A bill to amend the Home-land Security Act of 2002 to reform, stream-line, and make improvements to the Depart-ment of Homeland Security and support the Department’s efforts to implement better policy, planning, management, and perform-ance, and for other purposes; with an amend-ment (Rept. 114–297). Referred to the Com-mittee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. CHAFFETZ: Committee on Oversight 
and Government Reform. H.R. 598. A bill to provide taxpayers with an annual report dis-closing the cost and performance of Govern-ment programs and areas of duplication among them, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–298). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. CHAFFETZ: Committee on Oversight 
and Government Reform. H.R. 2320. A bill to provide access to and use of information by Federal agencies in order to reduce improper payments, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–299). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Ms. FOXX. Committee on Rules. House 
Resolution 480. Resolution providing for con-sideration of the bill (H.R. 10) to reauthorize the Scholarships for Opportunity and Re-sults Act, and for other purposes, and pro-viding for consideration of the bill (H.R. 692) to ensure the payment of interest and prin-cipal of the debt of the United States (Rept. 114–300). Referred to the House Calendar. 
Mr. NEWHOUSE: Committee on Rules. 
House Resolution 481. Resolution providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 1937) to re-quire the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Agriculture to more efficiently develop domestic sources of the minerals and mineral materials of strategic and critical importance to United States economic and national security and manufacturing com-petitiveness (Rept. 114–301). Referred to the House Calendar. 
DISCHARGE OF COMMITTEE  
Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the 
Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform discharged from further consideration. H.R. 1428 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XII, public 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. SHUSTER (for himself, Mr. 
DEFAZIO, Mr. G RAVES of Missouri, 
and Ms. N ORTON ): 
H.R. 3763. A bill to authorize funds for Fed-
eral-aid highways, highway safety programs, and transit programs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and In-frastructure. 
By Mr. BISHOP of Utah: 
H.R. 3764. A bill to provide that an Indian 
group may receive Federal acknowledgment as an Indian tribe only by an Act of Con-gress, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. 
By Mr. POE of Texas (for himself, Mr. 
C
OLLINS of Georgia, and Mr. J OLLY ): 
H.R. 3765. A bill to amend the Americans 
with Disabilities Act of 1990 to promote com-pliance through education, to clarify the re-quirements for demand letters, to provide for a notice and cure period before the com-mencement of a private civil action, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. 
By Mr. POE of Texas (for himself and 
Mr. C
ONNOLLY ): 
H.R. 3766. A bill to direct the President to 
establish guidelines for United States for-eign development and economic assistance programs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
By Mrs. BLACKBURN (for herself and 
Mr. W
ALKER ): 
H.R. 3767. A bill to amend title 44, United 
States Code, to prohibit the assembly or manufacture of secure credentials or their component parts by the Government Pub-lishing Office; to the Committee on House Administration. 
By Ms. BROWN of Florida: 
H.R. 3768. A bill to amend title 5, United 
States Code, to provide that rates of basic pay for members of the Senior Executive Service are determined on the basis of the position, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form, and in addition to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. D
ESJARLAIS (for himself and 
Mrs. B LACKBURN ): 
H.R. 3769. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
the Interior to study the suitability and fea-sibility of designating the James K. Polk Home in Columbia, Tennessee, as a unit of the National Park System, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 
By Mr. DOGGETT (for himself, Mr. 
M
CDERMOTT , Mr. G ENE GREEN of 
Texas, Mr. L EWIS, Mr. R ANGEL , Ms. 
CLARKE of New York, Mr. V EASEY , 
Ms. M OORE , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. 
GRIJALVA , Ms. D ELAURO , Mr. B LU-
MENAUER , Mr. R USH, Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. 
TONKO , Mr. N ADLER , Mr. C OURTNEY , 
Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. B UTTERFIELD , 
Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. 
DANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mr. H AS-
TINGS , and Ms. J UDY CHUof Cali-
fornia): 
H.R. 3770. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to prevent surprise bill-ing practices, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addi-tion to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within 
the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. FLORES: 
H.R. 3771. A bill to establish a procedure in 
the House of Representatives and the Senate to accomplish the policies contemplated by the Concurrent Resolution on the Budget for Fiscal Year 2016, to encourage the timely completion of fiscal policy work in Congress, and to provide for regulatory relief to grow the economy, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Rules, and in addition to the Committees on Oversight and Government Reform, the Judiciary, and Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mrs. LOWEY (for herself, Ms. 
B
ROWN of Florida, Mr. E NGEL , Ms. 
NORTON , Mr. K IND, Mr. N OLAN , Mr. 
RANGEL , Mr. T AKANO , Mr. H ASTINGS , 
and Mr. C OHEN ): 
H.R. 3772. A bill to reduce childhood obe-
sity, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce, and in ad-dition to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Ms. NORTON (for herself, Ms. 
E
DWARDS , and Mrs. C OMSTOCK ): 
H.R. 3773. A bill to amend title 49, United 
States Code, relating to the authority of the Secretary of Transportation under the public transportation safety program; to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 
By Mr. PETERS (for himself and Mr. 
C
OOPER ): 
H.R. 3774. A bill to amend title 31, United 
States Code, to apply the debt limit only to debt held by the public and to adjust the debt limit for increases in the gross domestic product; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. PETERS: 
H.R. 3775. A bill to amend the Congres-
sional Budget Act of 1974 to provide for a debt stabilization process, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on the Budget, and in addition to the Committee on Rules, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. 
By Ms. GABBARD (for herself and Mr. 
H
URDof Texas): 
H. Res. 482. A resolution expressing the 
sense of the House that Congress should rec-ognize the benefits of charitable giving and express support for the designation of #GivingTuesday; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY 
STATEMENT 
Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of 
the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. SHUSTER: 
H.R. 3763. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution, specifically Clause 3 (related to regulation of Commerce with foreign Na-tions, and among the several States, and with Indian Tribes) and Clause 7 (related to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:51 Oct 21, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20OC7.019 H20OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7027 October 20, 2015 
establishment of Post Offices and Post 
Roads). 
By Mr. BISHOP of Utah: 
H.R. 3764. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, section 8, clause 3 
By Mr. POE of Texas: 
H.R. 3765. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 
By Mr. POE of Texas: 
H.R. 3766. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 and Article 1, 
Section 9, Clause 7 
By Mrs. BLACKBURN: 
H.R. 3767. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8: To make all Laws 
which shall be necessary and proper for car-rying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitu-tion in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
By Ms. BROWN of Florida: 
H.R. 3768. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Necessary and Proper Regulations to Effec-
tuate Power—Art. I, Sec. 8, Cls. 18 
The Congress shall have power [. . .] To 
make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the fore-going powers, and all other powers vested by the constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department of offi-cer thereof 
By Mr. D
ESJARLA1S: 
H.R. 3769. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 2 of Section 3 of Article IV of the 
U.S. Constitution: The Congress shall have the power to dispose of and make all needful rules and regulations respecting the terri-tory or other property belonging to the United States. 
By Mr. DOGGETT: 
H.R. 3770. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the Con-
stitution of the United States. 
By Mr. FLORES: 
H.R. 3771. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 5, Clause 2 of the United 
States Constitution, which on confers each house of Congress the power to determine the rules of its proceedings; Article 1, Sec-tion 8, Clauses 1 and 2 of the United States Constitution, which confer on Congress the power to collect and manage revenue for the payment of debts owed by the United States and to borrow money on the credit of the United States; and Article 1, Section 9, Clause 7 of the United States Constitution, which states: ‘‘No Money shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropriations made by Law. 
By Mrs. LOWEY: 
H.R. 3772. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 1 of the Constitution 
By Ms. NORTON: 
H.R. 3773. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
clause 3 of section 8 of article I of the Con-
stitution. 
By Mr. PETERS: 
H.R. 3774. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 2 of section 8 of article I of the Con-
stitution. 
By Mr. PETERS: 
H.R. 3775. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 2, Section 8, Article I of the Con-
stitution. 
f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS 
Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors 
were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 31: Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama. 
H.R. 188: Mrs. M ILLER of Michigan. 
H.R. 224: Ms. M AXINE WATERS of California, 
Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. R ICHMOND , Mr. M CGOV-
ERN, Ms. S PEIER , Mr. L EWIS, Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , 
Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Ms. 
VELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. F ARR, Mr. T ONKO , Mr. 
COHEN , Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. G RAYSON , and Ms. 
BONAMICI . 
H.R. 282: Mr. B ERA. 
H.R. 379: Mrs. M ILLER of Michigan and Mr. 
COHEN . 
H.R. 389: Ms. D ELAURO . 
H.R. 448: Mr. F ATTAH . 
H.R. 465: Mr. E MMER of Minnesota. 
H.R. 500: Mr. M CDERMOTT . 
H.R. 525: Mr. H URTof Virginia. 
H.R. 546: Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. M ICHAEL F. 
DOYLE of Pennsylvania, Ms. B ASS, Mr. C APU-
ANO, Mr. N EAL, Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. 
THOMPSON of California, Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , 
Mr. K EATING , and Mr. S ESSIONS . 
H.R. 563: Mr. C ONYERS . 
H.R. 578: Mr. L AMBORN . 
H.R. 590: Ms. D UCKWORTH . 
H.R. 592: Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. G RAVES of Lou-
isiana, and Mr. C ARTER of Texas. 
H.R. 632: Ms. K USTER , Mr. M EEKS , and Mr. 
CASTRO of Texas. 
H.R. 662: Mr. P ETERSON , Mrs. L UMMIS , and 
Mr. R ICEof South Carolina. 
H.R. 699: Mrs. B EATTY . 
H.R. 721: Mr. W ENSTRUP . 
H.R. 759: Mr. Q UIGLEY . 
H.R. 765: Mr. C OFFMAN . 
H.R. 816: Mr. W ILSON of South Carolina. 
H.R. 834: Mr. P ETERS . 
H.R. 842: Ms. W ILSON of Florida. 
H.R. 845: Ms. D UCKWORTH . 
H.R. 865: Mr. C ULBERSON . 
H.R. 870: Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. C OURTNEY , 
and Ms. W ASSERMAN SCHULTZ . 
H.R. 920: Mrs. L AWRENCE . 
H.R. 921: Mr. B ERA. 
H.R. 956: Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas. 
H.R. 985: Mr. S ERRANO and Mr. G ENEGREEN  
of Texas. 
H.R. 990: Mr. C APUANO . 
H.R. 997: Mr. A DERHOLT and Mr. M CCAUL. 
H.R. 1019: Miss R ICEof New York and Mr. 
BISHOP of Michigan. 
H.R. 1062: Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas. 
H.R. 1087: Mr. D EUTCH . 
H.R. 1111: Mr. P AYNE . 
H.R. 1141: Mr. T AKAI. 
H.R. 1151: Mr. D UNCAN of Tennessee. 
H.R. 1197: Ms. N ORTON , Mr. P ASCRELL , and 
Ms. R OS-LEHTINEN . 
H.R. 1205: Mr. Y OHO. 
H.R. 1247: Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois. 
H.R. 1258: Mr. S HERMAN , Mr. N EAL, Mr. 
SERRANO , Ms. W ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. 
BUTTERFIELD , Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, Mr. 
CLEAVER , Mr. V ELA, Ms. L INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of 
California, and Mr. C ONYERS . 
H.R. 1282: Mr. G RAYSON , Ms. D UCKWORTH , 
and Mr. P RICE of North Carolina. 
H.R. 1284: Mr. G RAYSON . 
H.R. 1299: Mr. J ORDAN . 
H.R. 1301: Mr. C HABOT , Mr. B OST, and Mr. 
LOBIONDO . H.R. 1312: Mr. A SHFORD , Mr. K EATING , and 
Ms. N ORTON . 
H.R. 1346: Mr. D ELANEY . 
H.R. 1347: Mr. D ELANEY . 
H.R. 1389: Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama. 
H.R. 1401: Ms. W ILSON of Florida. 
H.R. 1422: Ms. H ERRERA BEUTLER . 
H.R. 1453: Ms. B ASSand Mr. D ESJARLAIS . 
H.R. 1457: Ms. N ORTON . 
H.R. 1475: Mr. S MITH of Missouri, Mr. P AS-
CRELL , Mr. P OMPEO , Mr. L OEBSACK , Mr. T OM 
PRICE of Georgia, and Mr. M OULTON . 
H.R. 1515: Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN . 
H.R. 1548: Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN . 
H.R. 1550: Mr. G UINTA , Mrs. W AGNER , Mr. 
RENACCI , and Mr. C ONNOLLY . 
H.R. 1559: Mr. H ULTGREN and Mr. B YRNE . 
H.R. 1568: Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. C ICILLINE , and 
Mr. L OWENTHAL . 
H.R. 1602: Ms. M OORE . 
H.R. 1603: Ms. J UDYCHUof California, Mr. 
VANHOLLEN , Mr. H ENSARLING , and Mr. 
MASSIE . 
H.R. 1608: Mr. J EFFRIES , Mrs. B LACKBURN , 
and Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa. 
H.R. 1610: Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan. 
H.R. 1643: Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan. 
H.R. 1655: Mr. N EWHOUSE , Mr. B UCSHON , and 
Ms. D ELBENE. 
H.R. 1670: Mr. P ASCRELL and Mr. C ONYERS . 
H.R. 1671: Mr. P AULSEN , Mr. S AMJOHNSON  
of Texas, and Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan. 
H.R. 1674: Ms. L EE. 
H.R. 1684: Mr. K ILMER . 
H.R. 1688: Mr. R USH. 
H.R. 1716: Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 1728: Ms. L EEand Mr. G RAYSON . 
H.R. 1733: Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 1736: Mr. K INGof Iowa. 
H.R. 1752: Mr. C ARTER of Texas. 
H.R. 1763: Ms. N ORTON , Mr. R YAN of Ohio, 
Ms. K APTUR , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. K IND, Mr. 
VAN HOLLEN , Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. 
LOWENTHAL , Mr. G RIJALVA , and Mrs. B EATTY . 
H.R. 1769: Mr. C RAMER , Ms. K APTUR , Mr. 
WELCH , Mr. B UTTERFIELD , and Mr. P OCAN . 
H.R. 1784: Mr. H OLDING . 
H.R. 1786: Mr. T HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, 
Mr. H ILL, and Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 1818: Mrs. K IRKPATRICK and Ms. J EN-
KINS of Kansas. 
H.R. 1854: Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of 
New Mexico. 
H.R. 1859: Ms. S CHAKOWSKY and Mr. L EWIS. 
H.R. 1861: Mr. G ROTHMAN . 
H.R. 1877: Mr. C OFFMAN and Ms. L EE. 
H.R. 1956: Ms. A DAMS . 
H.R. 1957: Ms. A DAMS . 
H.R. 1958: Ms. B ROWNLEY of California. 
H.R. 1978: Mr. H UFFMAN . 
H.R. 2016: Mr. K EATING , Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. 
CA´RDENAS , and Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ . 
H.R. 2087: Mr. C ICILLINE . 
H.R. 2125: Mr. T ONKO . 
H.R. 2142: Mr. K ATKO . 
H.R. 2173: Mr. E LLISON . 
H.R. 2221: Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio. 
H.R. 2224: Mr. H ASTINGS and Ms. N ORTON . 
H.R. 2228: Mr. L IPINSKI . 
H.R. 2247: Mr. F LEMING . 
H.R. 2254: Mr. V EASEY . 
H.R. 2287: Mr. F INCHER and Mr. H ULTGREN . 
H.R. 2304: Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan. 
H.R. 2350: Mr. H ONDA . 
H.R. 2400: Mr. F ORTENBERRY and Mr. 
WESTERMAN . 
H.R. 2410: Mr. D EUTCH . 
H.R. 2434: Ms. F UDGE . 
H.R. 2460: Mr. S IMPSON . 
H.R. 2493: Mr. G RAYSON , Mr. P RICE of North 
Carolina, Mr. C A´RDENAS , Ms. L EE, and Mr. 
CUMMINGS . 
H.R. 2500: Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia. 
H.R. 2510: Mrs. L AWRENCE and Mr. B YRNE . 
H.R. 2513: Mr. F LORES . 
H.R. 2515: Ms. C LARKE of New York. 
H.R. 2536: Mr. W ELCH . 
H.R. 2540: Ms. A DAMS . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:51 Oct 21, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20OC7.032 H20OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7028 October 20, 2015 
H.R. 2568: Mr. J ODYB. H ICEof Georgia. 
H.R. 2597: Mr. C OFFMAN , Ms. J ENKINS of 
Kansas, and Ms. S TEFANIK . 
H.R. 2646: Mr. H ILL. 
H.R. 2654: Mr. K ATKO , Mr. M URPHY of Flor-
ida, Mr. B EYER , and Ms. K ELLY of Illinois. 
H.R. 2657: Mr. T ONKO and Mr. Y ODER . 
H.R. 2689: Mrs. D AVIS of California. 
H.R. 2697: Mrs. N APOLITANO , Ms. L EE, Mr. 
HASTINGS , and Mr. S CHIFF . 
H.R. 2698: Mr. Z INKE, Mr. S TUTZMAN , Mr. 
CRAMER , and Mr. H UIZENGA of Michigan. 
H.R. 2710: Mr. H ANNA , Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, 
Mr. T HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Mr. M ASSIE , 
and Mr. H ENSARLING . 
H.R. 2726: Ms. W ASSERMAN SCHULTZ and Mr. 
MEEKS . 
H.R. 2737: Mr. R ENACCI and Mr. J ONES . 
H.R. 2764: Ms. L INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of Cali-
fornia. 
H.R. 2769: Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas. 
H.R. 2799: Mr. B OUSTANY . 
H.R. 2801: Mr. O LSON . 
H.R. 2802: Mr. M ICA. 
H.R. 2811: Mr. C ARTWRIGHT . 
H.R. 2849: Mr. C A´RDENAS , Ms. L EE, Mr. 
KEATING , and Mr. G RAYSON . 
H.R. 2855: Ms. M CCOLLUM . 
H.R. 2858: Mr. M CNERNEY , Mr. S ARBANES , 
Mr. G ENE GREEN of Texas, Mr. N EAL, Ms. 
WASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. S ERRANO , Ms. 
VELA´ZQUEZ , Ms. K APTUR , Mr. S IRES, Mr. 
CROWLEY , Mr. C LEAVER , Mr. L OEBSACK , Mr. 
MACARTHUR , Mr. V ELA, Mr. B ERA, Mr. S HER-
MAN, Mrs. N APOLITANO , Ms. R OYBAL -ALLARD , 
Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania, and 
Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York. 
H.R. 2867: Miss R ICEof New York and Ms. 
SPEIER . 
H.R. 2871: Mr. K EATING . 
H.R. 2880: Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of 
Texas. 
H.R. 2896: Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama, Mrs. 
LUMMIS , Mrs. L OVE, and Mr. F INCHER . 
H.R. 2903: Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. S IMPSON , and 
Mrs. B EATTY . 
H.R. 2918: Ms. W ILSON of Florida. 
H.R. 2920: Mr. S MITH of New Jersey and Ms. 
VELA´ZQUEZ . 
H.R. 2987: Ms. F UDGE , Mr. G IBSON , Mr. S EAN 
PATRICK MALONEY of New York, Mr. P ERL-
MUTTER , and Ms. S EWELL of Alabama. 
H.R. 2994: Mr. E NGEL , Mr. H UFFMAN , and 
Mr. K EATING . 
H.R. 3044: Ms. B ROWNLEY of California and 
Mrs. B EATTY . 
H.R. 3048: Mr. R USSELL and Ms. J ENKINS of 
Kansas. 
H.R. 3063: Mr. C OLE. 
H.R. 3099: Ms. S CHAKOWSKY and Mr. F OR-
TENBERRY . 
H.R. 3110: Ms. G ABBARD . 
H.R. 3164: Ms. S LAUGHTER . 
H.R. 3177: Mr. K EATING . 
H.R. 3221: Ms. M CCOLLUM . 
H.R. 3229: Mr. C OFFMAN , Mr. R UPPERS -
BERGER , Mr. N EWHOUSE , Mr. C ALVERT , and 
Ms. S LAUGHTER . 
H.R. 3255: Mr. E MMER of Minnesota. 
H.R. 3263: Mr. H ONDA . 
H.R. 3268: Mr. C LEAVER , Mr. L OEBSACK , Mr. 
FATTAH , Mr. K ATKO , and Mr. M ICHAEL F. 
DOYLE of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 3283: Mr. R IBBLE . 
H.R. 3306: Ms. C LARKE of New York. 
H.R. 3309: Mr. C OOK. 
H.R. 3314: Mr. O LSON and Mr. S AMJOHNSON  
of Texas. 
H.R. 3326: Mr. K NIGHT , Mr. L AMALFA , Mr. 
BISHOP of Michigan, and Mrs. W AGNER . 
H.R. 3339: Mrs. M IMIWALTERS of California. 
H.R. 3340: Mr. M CHENRY . 
H.R. 3351: Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. 
POCAN , and Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 3355: Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Ms. 
BROWN of Florida, and Mr. G IBSON . 
H.R. 3356: Mr. R OSKAM . 
H.R. 3364: Mr. W ELCH , Ms. L EE, Ms. S PEIER  
and Ms. W ILSON of Florida. H.R. 3366: Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. F UDGE , and 
Mr. H ONDA . 
H.R. 3381: Mr. T HOMPSON of California, Mr. 
WALZ, Mr. C OHEN , Mr. R OONEY of Florida, Mr. 
HONDA , Mr. T ONKO , and Ms. S LAUGHTER . 
H.R. 3384: Mr. M EEKS . 
H.R. 3393: Mr. C OFFMAN . 
H.R. 3399: Mr. C ONYERS , Ms. K APTUR , Mr. 
POCAN , Mr. P OLIS, Mr. M EEKS , Ms. D ELBENE, 
Mr. G IBSON , Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. S MITH of 
Washington, Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. C APUANO , Ms. 
FUDGE , and Ms. K ELLY of Illinois. 
H.R. 3411: Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn-
sylvania, Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. K EATING , Mr. 
DANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, and Mr. R ICH-
MOND . 
H.R. 3445: Ms. S CHAKOWSKY . 
H.R. 3463: Mrs. C OMSTOCK . 
H.R. 3470: Mr. D OLD, Ms. N ORTON , Ms. 
EDWARDS , Mr. M URPHY of Florida, Mr. S MITH 
of Washington, Mr. V AN HOLLEN , Ms. 
DUCKWORTH , and Mr. H ONDA . 
H.R. 3471: Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, Mr. R YAN 
of Ohio, Mrs. C APPS , Mr. J ODY B. H ICEof 
Georgia, and Ms. S INEMA . 
H.R. 3480: Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia and Mr. 
TOMPRICE of Georgia. 
H.R. 3488: Mr. H UELSKAMP , Ms. J ENKINS of 
Kansas, and Mr. W ESTERMAN . 
H.R. 3514: Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. K IL-
MER, Mr. S WALWELL of California, and Mrs. 
CAROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York. 
H.R. 3516: Mr. W ALDEN , Mr. A LLEN , and Mr. 
NUNES . 
H.R. 3518: Mr. B LUMENAUER . 
H.R. 3520: Ms. B ROWN of Florida and Mr. 
PASCRELL . 
H.R. 3522: Mr. M CDERMOTT . 
H.R. 3526: Ms. S PEIER , Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. 
POCAN , Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Ms. 
TSONGAS , Ms. D ELBENE, and Mr. H ECK of 
Washington. 
H.R. 3535: Ms. E SHOO . 
H.R. 3542: Ms. J UDY CHUof California and 
Ms. E DWARDS . 
H.R. 3556: Ms. J ACKSON LEEand Mr. K IL-
MER. 
H.R. 3568: Ms. D UCKWORTH . 
H.R. 3573: Mr. J OYCE . 
H.R. 3585: Mr. L IPINSKI . 
H.R. 3589: Mr. K INGof New York. 
H.R. 3591: Mr. C OLLINS of New York, Mr. 
KING of New York, Mr. L ARSON of Con-
necticut, and Mr. C OOPER . 
H.R. 3610: Mr. P IERLUISI . 
H.R. 3618: Mr. N UNES . 
H.R. 3621: Mr. C OHEN . 
H.R. 3630: Ms. H ERRERA BEUTLER . 
H.R. 3632: Ms. S PEIER . 
H.R. 3636: Mr. S MITH of Texas. 
H.R. 3640: Ms. W ILSON of Florida and Ms. 
JUDYCHUof California. 
H.R. 3651: Ms. G RANGER , Ms. S TEFANIK , Ms. 
JENKINS of Kansas, Mr. C LEAVER , Mr. J ONES , 
Ms. D UCKWORTH , Ms. L INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of 
California, Mr. B ARR, Mr. C UELLAR , Mr. 
COFFMAN , Mr. W ALZ, Mr. L OEBSACK , Mrs. 
HARTZLER , Mrs. B EATTY , and Mr. D AVID 
SCOTT of Georgia. 
H.R. 3652: Miss R ICEof New York, Ms. 
SCHAKOWSKY , Ms. M OORE , and Ms. J UDYCHU 
of California. 
H.R. 3654: Mr. W EBER of Texas, Mr. 
DESANTIS , and Mr. L OWENTHAL . 
H.R. 3664: Mr. W ILSON of South Carolina 
and Mr. H ASTINGS . 
H.R. 3666: Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. H ANNA , and 
Mr. T ONKO . 
H.R. 3668: Mr. V ALADAO . 
H.R. 3669: Mrs. N APOLITANO , Ms. B ROWNLEY  
of California, and Mr. S WALWELL of Cali-
fornia. 
H.R. 3687: Mr. C RAMER and Mr. E MMER of 
Minnesota. 
H.R. 3691: Mr. P ASCRELL . 
H.R. 3696: Mr. B ECERRA , Mr. G ENEGREEN of 
Texas, Mr. C OHEN , Mr. T AKAI, Mr. P OCAN , Mr. 
YARMUTH , Ms. G ABBARD , Ms. W ASSERMAN  SCHULTZ , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. B RENDAN F. 
BOYLE of Pennsylvania, Ms. B ONAMICI , Mrs. 
CAPPS , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , and Ms. F RANKEL of 
Florida. 
H.R. 3699: Mr. C ARTER of Georgia. 
H.R. 3707: Mr. K ILMER . 
H.R. 3711: Ms. J ACKSON LEEand Mr. 
GUTIE´RREZ . 
H.R. 3712: Ms. S CHAKOWSKY . 
H.R. 3720: Ms. J UDYCHUof California, Ms. 
LEE, and Mr. W ELCH . 
H.R. 3733: Mr. G ARAMENDI and Ms. J UDY 
CHUof California. 
H.R. 3744: Mr. M URPHY of Florida. 
H.R. 3756: Mrs. N APOLITANO , Ms. B ROWNLEY  
of California, Ms. N ORTON , Mr. J ONES , Mr. 
HARPER , and Ms. B ROWN of Florida. 
H.R. 3757: Mr. S CHRADER , Mr. C OSTA , and 
Mr. A SHFORD . 
H.J. Res. 30: Mr. P OCAN . 
H.J. Res. 59: Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio and Mr. 
HECKof Nevada. 
H. Con. Res. 86: Ms. F UDGE , Mr. H ASTINGS , 
Ms. L EE, Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsyl-
vania, Mr. H INOJOSA , Mr. C ASTRO of Texas, 
and Mrs. L AWRENCE . 
H. Res. 12: Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania. 
H. Res. 28: Mr. H ECKof Washington. 
H. Res. 54: Mr. U PTON , Ms. W ILSON of Flor-
ida and Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa. 
H. Res. 110: Mr. C OURTNEY . 
H. Res. 130: Ms. S PEIER . 
H. Res. 214: Mr. C ARSON of Indiana. 
H. Res. 265: Mr. C ICILLINE . 
H. Res. 293: Mr. R OHRABACHER , Mr. W EST-
MORELAND , Miss R ICEof New York, Mr. 
KELLY of Pennsylvania, and Ms. J ENKINS of 
Kansas. 
H. Res. 348: Ms. J ACKSON LEE. 
H. Res. 386: Mr. H ASTINGS and Ms. W ILSON  
of Florida. 
H. Res. 428: Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Ms. 
JUDY CHUof California, and Mr. L ARSEN of 
Washington. 
H. Res. 429: Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. P ETERS , 
and Ms. W ILSON of Florida. 
H. Res. 456: Mr. P OLIS. 
H. Res. 467: Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. E NGEL , 
Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Mr. C ICILLINE , 
Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. R USH, Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. 
LARSON of Connecticut, Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. 
RICHMOND , Mr. G ALLEGO , Ms. P INGREE , Ms. 
KAPTUR , Ms. L EE, Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Mr. 
SARBANES , Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Mrs. L AW-
RENCE , Mr. I SRAEL , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Ms. 
MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, 
Mr. M EEKS , Mr. L YNCH , Ms. B ONAMICI , Ms. 
CASTOR of Florida, Mrs. D AVIS of California, 
Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. L EVIN, Mr. K EATING , and 
Mr. C ONYERS . 
H. Res. 472: Ms. R OYBAL -ALLARD . 
f 
CONGRESSIONAL EARMARKS, LIM-
ITED TAX BENEFITS, OR LIM-ITED TARIFF BENEFITS 
Under clause 9 of rule XXI, lists or 
statements on congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits were submitted as follows: 
The amendment to be offered by Rep-
resentative C HAFFETZ , or a designee, to H.R. 
10, the Scholarships for Opportunity and Re-sults Reauthorization Act, does not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
The amendment to be offered by Rep-
resentative A
LANLOWENTHAL , or a designee, 
to H.R. 1937, the National Strategic and Crit-ical Minerals Production Act of 2015, does not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff bene-fits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
f 
PETITIONS, ETC. 
Under clause 3 of rule XII, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Oct 21, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20OC7.027 H20OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7029 October 20, 2015 
32. The SPEAKER presented a petition of 
St. Charles Parish Council, relative to Reso-lution No. 6182, declaring the St. Charles Parish Council’s and Parish President’s sup-
port of and solidarity with all law enforce-ment personnel across these great United 
States, and to recognize and honor all of the men and women who currently serve or who have served as law enforcement officers, and 
in particular those who serve or have served in St. Charles Parish and the State of Lou-
isiana; which was referred to the Committee 
on the Judiciary. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:51 Oct 21, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L20OC7.002 H20OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S7309 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 20, 2015 No. 153 
Senate 
The Senate met at 10 a.m. and was 
called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-
fered the following prayer: 
Let us pray. Righteous and Holy God, we worship 
You. We see Your glory in the beauty of sunrise and the splendor of sunset. Great and marvelous are Your works, for Your faithfulness sustains us. Guide our lawmakers to connect to Your eternal, essential, and unchanging holi-ness. With the power of Your righteous presence, renew their minds, cleanse their hearts, and guide their steps. Lib-erate them from the chains of pes-simism, reminding them that all things are possible to those who believe. Lord, thank You for the wonder of Your love, the beauty of Your mercy, and the power of Your grace. 
We pray in Your Holy Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The President pro tempore led the 
Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY 
LEADER 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C OT-
TON). The majority leader is recog-
nized. 
f 
SANCTUARY CITIES BILL 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, just 
before the State work period, I asked Senators to consider some important questions: In a time of limited Federal resources and tough choices, is it fair to treat localities that cooperate with Federal law enforcement or work hard to follow Federal law no better than lo-
calities that refuse to help or actually actively flout the law? When a deputy sheriff puts her life on the line every day, is it fair to make her live in con-stant fear of being sued for simply try-ing to keep us safe? When felons enter our country illegally and repeatedly, is it fair to victims and families to not do what we can now to stop them? 
The answer is that it isn’t fair. That 
is why colleagues should support the legislation we will consider this after-noon. It aims to ensure more fairness to cities and States that do the right thing, redirecting certain Federal funds to them from those that choose not to do the right thing. It aims to support law enforcement officers who risk everything for our safety, pro-tecting them from lawsuits for simply doing their federally mandated duties. It aims to deliver justice for victims and their families, substantially in-creasing deterrence for criminals who commit felonies and then try to ille-gally reenter our country—endeavoring to save more Americans from the pain these families continue to experience every day. 
We all know the heartbreaking story 
of Kate Steinle. Kate was walking arm in arm with her father one moment, begging for help the next as she began bleeding to death in his arms. The man who ended her life shouldn’t have even been there that day. He had been con-victed of seven—seven—felonies and de-ported five times, but San Francisco is a so-called sanctuary city that arbi-trarily decides when it will cooperate with the Federal Government and when it will not, and it refused to even honor the Federal Government’s request for an immigration detainer. 
What happened to Kate is tragic, and 
it is not an isolated incident. Consider this letter from Susan Oliver, who lost her husband just last year. Here is what she had to say: 
The man that killed my husband, Deputy 
Danny Oliver, was deported several times for various felonies. However, due to the lack of 
coordination between law enforcement agen-cies, his killer was allowed back into the country. . . . 
I [am] asking for only one thing. I do not 
want your sympathy, I want change so oth-ers will not have to endure the grief we have in our lives every day. 
The bill which we will consider this 
afternoon is supported by law enforce-ment organizations such as the Na-tional Sheriffs’ Association, the Fed-eral Law Enforcement Officers Associa-tion, and the National Association of Police Organizations. 
Here is what the International Union 
of Police Associations had to say about it: 
The International Union of Police Associa-
tions is proud— 
Proud— 
to add our name to the list of supporters of the bill addressing ‘‘Sanctuary Cities’’ titled Stop Sanctuary Policies and Protect Ameri-cans Act. 
As it now stands, our officers can be held 
liable for sharing relevant information and honoring immigration detainers, even when they are from federal immigration officials. This legislation remedies that. 
Additionally, the bill provides a financial 
disincentive for cities to become or remain ‘‘sanctuary cities’’. . . . 
The organization also noted that this 
bill would help end the ‘‘revolving door’’ of criminals who ‘‘even though convicted of felony criminal activity and deported, unlawfully return to prey upon our citizens.’’ 
The issue before us is not truly about 
immigration; it is more about keeping our communities safe. Those who de-fend so-called sanctuary cities cal-lously disregard how their extreme policies hurt others. The President’s own DHS Secretary has used terms such as ‘‘not acceptable’’ and ‘‘counter-productive to public safety’’ when re-ferring to sanctuary city policies. Such extreme policies can inflict almost un-imaginable pain on innocent victims and their families. 
As the father of three daughters, I 
know—I know—we can do better. I am 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:16 Oct 21, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20OC6.000 S20OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7310 October 20, 2015 
calling on every colleague to put com-
passion before leftwing ideology today. This bill would support the deputy sheriff who puts her life on the line every day. This bill would provide hope and justice for victims and their fami-lies. So let’s vote to support them, not defend extreme policies that actually hurt them. 
f 
MEASURES PLACED ON THE CAL-
ENDAR—S. 2181, S. 2182, AND S. 2183 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
understand there are three bills at the desk due for a second reading. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will read the bills by title for the second time. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
A bill (S. 2181) to provide guidance and pri-
orities for Federal Government obligations in the event that the debt limit is reached. 
A bill (S. 2182) to cut, cap, and balance the 
Federal budget. 
A bill (S. 2183) to reauthorize and reform 
the Export-Import Bank of the United States, and for other purposes. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. In order to place 
the bills on the calendar under the pro-visions of rule XIV, I object to further proceedings en bloc. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-
tion having been heard, the bills will be placed on the calendar. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY 
LEADER 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
Democratic leader is recognized. 
f 
SANCTUARY CITIES BILL 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, I have 
watched over the years my Republican colleagues who are supposedly con-cerned about States’ rights wipe them out with a speech like the one we have just heard and the legislation before this body today. 
I am told and have always believed, 
Republicans think States and commu-nities should have the ability to do the things they think are appropriate. Any one of these States that my friend re-fers to—any one of these commu-nities—has a right at any time to change the law. This is not a Federal law they are trying to change; they are trying to change what is taking place in cities throughout the country. 
So they are States’ rights, my Re-
publican colleague’s own words. It cer-tainly doesn’t belie the actions they have tried to take. The Republican leader tries to make the bill before this body a political issue. It is a Donald Trump-bashing-immigrants issue. 
This bill is opposed by the National 
Association of Chiefs of Police, it is op-posed by the National Council of May-ors, and many different organizations that believe in States’ rights. My friend, the Republican leader, would just make things a lot worse, and that is an understatement. With the provisions in this bill, it is 
estimated it would take 15 new huge prisons just to handle the people who would be arrested—huge prisons, cost-ing billions of dollars. It is not smart police policy. It is not smart budget policy. 
f 
THE DEBT LIMIT 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, over the 
last 10 months, congressional Repub-licans have proven they are incapable of governing—at least governing pro-ductively. Instead, Republicans are governing destructively. It is hard to understand or fathom, but this seems to be what they want: destruction. It is not a word I decided to bring into the conversation today. One Republican Congressman said very recently: ‘‘We are looking for creative destruction in how the House operates.’’ This Repub-lican Congressman said, I repeat, ‘‘We are looking for creative destruction in how the House operates,’’ and they are as good as their word in the House and sadly also in the Senate. 
Time and time again, Republican 
leaders have brought the United States to the brink of unnecessary disaster, and sadly here we are again, facing an-other manufactured crisis courtesy of Republicans in Congress. This time it is a debt limit crisis. On November 3, just 2 weeks from today, our great country—the United States of Amer-ica—will default on its debt unless Re-publicans start legislating more con-structively to solve the problem. Let’s be clear about what the debt limit does and doesn’t mean. Adjusting the debt limit—when it is absolutely necessary, and it will be in 2 weeks—is necessary to pay this country’s bills that are al-ready due. What we face now with the debt ceiling isn’t about a penny of new spending. It is not about a penny of new programs or a penny of new taxes. It is not about creating new obliga-tions, only meeting existing ones. The debt limit is about paying what we al-ready owe. 
What are these debts? A large, large, 
large chunk of these is what we owe as a result of an unpaid war, a second un-paid war, and tax breaks for the rich that were unpaid for. Remember, this great theory of President Bush was that these wars would bring a new de-mocracy to the world. Well, the inva-sion of Iraq was the worst foreign pol-icy decision probably in the history of the country. Look what it has done, and it has been done at the cost of tril-lions of dollars of taxpayers’ money, and that is part of the debt that is due. 
These tax breaks for the rich. Why 
did the Bush administration push these tax breaks? Because it would be great for the economy. Well, it has been great for the rich people. They are get-ting richer, the poorer are getting poorer, and the middle class are get-ting squeezed. All these tax cuts were unpaid for. If we don’t act, we allow the United States to default. The day of reckoning will be terrible. We will hurt American jobs, families, busi-
nesses, and the fallout will be felt around the world. If some Republicans in Congress get their way, the United States will default on this debt. What happens then? The short answer is eco-nomic catastrophe. 
The former Director of the Congres-
sional Budget Office, Douglas Holtz- Eakin, described last week what will happen if the United States defaults: 
The first thing you’ll see is a market reac-
tion. Then you’ve got dramatic impacts on consumer confidence, the world’s melting down again and they go into an economic fetal position . . . there’s just no good news there. 
This wasn’t some leftwing blogger; 
this is a man who did a good job rep-resenting this country on a bipartisan basis in the Congressional Budget Of-fice—by the way, during a Republican 
administration. He said: 
The first thing you’ll see is a market reac-
tion. Then you’ve got dramatic impacts of consumer confidence, the world’s melting down again and they go into an economic fetal position . . . there’s just no good news there. 
The Republican chairman of the 
House Ways and Means Committee, a reasonable P
AUL RYAN, said as much 
last week: 
If the United States missed a bond pay-
ment, it would shake the confidence of the world economy. All kinds of credit would dry up: loans for small businesses, mortgages for young families. We could even go into a re-cession. 
That is what we will face in 2 weeks 
if Republicans don’t get their act to-gether, and by all signs, it doesn’t ap-pear they are going to. All signs indi-cate that House and Senate Repub-licans are still not serious about deal-ing with the debt limit. If they were se-rious about paying our bills and keep-ing America on sound economic foot-ing, they would not be proposing an ab-surd idea of having a ‘‘partial default.’’ You can’t be partially pregnant; you can’t have a partial default. House Re-publicans have engineered legislation to pick and choose which debts to pay and which to ignore. 
Listen to this: Their proposed legisla-
tion is going to pay foreign creditors first, such as China, but they don’t want to meet our obligations to vet-erans, Medicare beneficiaries, and mil-lions of middle-class Americans. No. They want to start paying down the debt we owe to China. Think about that. The truth is this pay-China-first approach is just default by another name. This approach would lead a mid-dle-class family into financial ruin, and just imagine what it would do to world markets. I repeat: There is no such thing as a partial default. A par-tial default is a default. 
We can’t allow the Federal Govern-
ment to be delinquent in paying its debts. We have 2 weeks to get some-thing done, and we can if the Repub-licans come to their senses. This un-necessary drama over paying our bills is already rattling the financial mar-kets. The bond market has already been hurt, and we can see it. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:16 Oct 21, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20OC6.003 S20OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7311 October 20, 2015 
I say to my Republican friends, espe-
cially the leaders in the House of Rep-resentatives and the U.S. Senate: Start governing in a way that is not an em-barrassment to Congress and the Amer-ican people. 
Mr. President, please announce what 
we will be doing here today. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
NOMINATION OF ANN DONNELLY 
TO BE UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE EASTERN DIS-TRICT OF NEW YORK 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will pro-ceed to executive session to consider the following nomination, which the clerk will report. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read the nomination of Ann Donnelly, of New York, to be United States Dis-trict Judge for the Eastern District of New York. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the time until 11 a.m. will be equally divided for debate in the usual form. 
The assistant Democratic leader. 
REFUGEE CRISIS IN GREECE , NOMINATION OF  
GAYLE SMITH , AND UKRAINE  
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I had 
the privilege of joining Senators S HA-
HEEN , KLOBUCHAR , and W ARREN during 
the recess that just concluded to travel to Europe to assess the refugee flow that is spilling into Greece and ongoing Russian aggression during our visit to Ukraine. 
I will start with the visit to one of 
our most important NATO European allies, Greece. Greece is struggling, as we all know, with its own economic challenges, but now it is facing an overwhelming flow of refugees across its border. 
Almost half a million refugees have 
flown into Greece just this year. The bulk of the refugees come from across the Aegean Sea from Turkey. They are fleeing war and economic instability in the region. Most are from Syria, but there are many others from Afghani-stan, Iraq, and other countries in peril. Many are middle-class families who are simply exhausted from years of horrific war in Syria. 
I met many of them and had a chance 
to speak to them. Their stories are heartbreaking. They are fleeing with their children and whatever they can carry. Their destination is uncertain, but they know they can’t stay in the camps or in Syria. They are the vic-tims of smugglers and exploitation. Some of these desperate people are charged 1,000 Euros just to cross a 2- mile stretch of ocean between Turkey and Greece. We were on the island of Lesbos, and 
those who were able to watch ‘‘60 Min-utes’’ this week saw a presentation of what is happening on that small island of about 80,000 people where more than 400,000 refugees have come through in the last several weeks. Many of these refugees are unaccompanied children. 
At one of the camps, I met a young 
man who said he was 17—probably 15— who had come across that stretch of water with his 8-year-old sister. Think for a moment what that family must have gone through in deciding that it was safer for this 15-year-old to take his 8-year-old sister and try to find their way to a safe place in Europe rather than stay in war-torn Syria. That is the reality of many of these refugees and the plight that they face. 
On this island of Lesbos, 2,000 refu-
gees are arriving every single day. The Greek Coast Guard showed us stacks of discarded rubber rafts. These rubber rafts are made to hold about 20 people as they cross this 3-mile stretch of ocean. They packed them with over 50 people. They charge 1,000 Euros for each adult and 500 Euros for each child. 
We saw these rafts stacked up and 
piles of life preservers. Some of them are the types of life preservers and jackets that you might expect, but oth-ers are ridiculous. Some of them are literally pool toys, and they say so. They have written right on them that they are not to be used as life pre-servers. These pool toys are strapped to those little kids who are put in these rafts that come across that stretch of ocean. There were rows upon rows of cheap outboard motors that were used to propel these rafts across the straits. 
Incidentally, the smugglers picked 
someone in the raft and told them that they were in charge. They would ask if they knew how to operate the motor. If they didn’t know how to operate it, they would show them how to use it and point them in the right direction. The refugees would then head out in the hope that they would make it across safely, and many times they didn’t. 
Despite Greece’s economic hardship, 
I was impressed with how the Greek people were handling this refugee cri-sis. Processing registration centers had been established, and many refugees were quickly on their way to resettle-ment in Europe. 
I mentioned the 15-year-old with his 
8-year-old sister. I ran into four others who spoke English, and all of them were college graduates in their 20s. One of them was a premed student who said: We just couldn’t live any longer with war in Syria. We were ready to risk our lives to find a safer place. 
The mayor of Lesbos has been gen-
erous and thoughtful in addressing the suffering. He told me he often thought he was handling a ticking time bomb with this refugee crisis. Instead, this island has become an example of what the rest of the world can do. 
In Athens, we visited with an impres-
sive NGO known as Praksis that is giv-ing unaccompanied minors a safe, nur-
turing place to stay while they at-tempt to place them with families. 
The United States leads the world in 
financial assistance for this Syrian ref-ugee effort, but we have a moral obli-gation to do that and more. I have called on the administration to accept 100,000 Syrian refugees. I am a cospon-sor of the emergency supplemental bill addressing refugee assistance, recently introduced by Senators G
RAHAM and 
LEAHY . 
Allow me to put the 100,000 number in 
perspective. Germany has agreed to ac-cept 800,000 of these Syrian refugees. It is estimated that there are 4 million total. The United States accepted 750,000 Vietnamese refugees and over 500,000 Cuban refugees after the Castro regime took over. Those Cuban refu-gees included the fathers of two sitting U.S. Senators, one of whom is running for President of the United States. We accepted over 200,000 Soviet Jews who were being persecuted in that country. We have accepted refugees from Soma-lia and from different places around the world, such as Bosnia. We have as-similated them into America, and we can do it again. 
When we go through this process of 
accepting refugees, we carefully check their backgrounds to make sure that they are not a threat to the United States or anybody who lives here. I think we should continue to do that, but the fact that only 1,700 have made it to our Nation in the last 4 years tells us that we need to do more. 
I will continue to be a strong advo-
cate for humanitarian safe zones in Syria so the people there can have a safe place to be treated for their ill-nesses and to at least live until this war comes to an end. 
Let me say something else. It is em-
barrassing for me to stand before the Senate and note that on our Executive Calendar, which is on the desks of Sen-ators, there includes one nominee, Gayle Smith, who has been nominated to be administrator of the United States Agency for International Devel-opment. She has been sitting on this calendar since July 29 of this year. 
The USAID, which she seeks to head, 
is the premier frontline agency for helping refugees. Yet this good woman with a lifetime of experience is being held up in the Senate for entirely polit-ical reasons. There are no objections to her personally, and there are no objec-tions to her background. 
One Senator is holding up her nomi-
nation because the Senator stated pub-licly that he objects to the President’s Iran nuclear agreement. Gayle Smith had nothing to do with that. The USAID had nothing to do with that. Shouldn’t we appoint this good person to manage this agency to deal with this international refugee crisis? 
While we are at it, they are asking 
that Thomas Melia of Maryland be the assistant administrator. Wouldn’t we want competent management when we are talking about billions of American 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:35 Oct 21, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20OC6.005 S20OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7312 October 20, 2015 
tax dollars being spent wisely in this 
humanitarian effort? Yet they languish on this calendar. 
If there are objections to these nomi-
nees, state them. If not, approve them. 
After Greece, we had a visit to 
Ukraine. I believe what is happening there is deeply important to us in the United States, and I am committed to seeing that Ukraine succeed as a Democratic sovereign nation. It is hard to describe what has happened there in a year and a half. A shamefully corrupt regime which is deeply influenced by Russia was rejected by the Ukrainian people. As the country tried to get back on its feet and build a more trans-parent and Democratic future, Russia and Vladimir Putin staged an invasion first by taking over Crimea and then by invading eastern Ukraine. 
The Russians have turned eastern 
Ukraine into a dysfunctional, grim, and abandoned wasteland, somehow under the illusion that it would be the new Russia. More than a million people have been displaced in eastern Ukraine and thousands have been killed. The captured land was even used as a base to shoot down a civilian airliner, kill-ing hundreds. A recent Dutch inves-tigation showed that this was done with Russian weaponry. If only Presi-dent Putin would try to help with the investigation of the Malaysian plane that was shot down instead of nakedly blocking the effort of the U.N. Security Council, we would have even more in-formation about this horrible tragedy. 
Despite agreeing in Minsk to a pull-
back of heavy weapons, exchange of prisoners, and return of border control in the east, Russia has dragged its feet on every term of the agreement, incor-rectly hoping that the world will not notice. We notice. 
Yet amid all this transparent and 
barbaric effort to undermine Ukraine, the country has found a new unity and determination. It has taken on signifi-cant reforms. During my visit with my fellow Senators, I was struck by how many dedicated Ukrainians are work-ing for a better future. They are now members of Parliament and local offi-cials coming right out of the Maidan demonstration. They are giving every-thing they can for the future of their country. 
I have been a strong supporter of 
President Obama’s efforts to support Ukraine to train and equip its military and provide significant assistance for their courageous effort. As the world’s attention is distracted to many other challenges, let’s not lose sight of the ongoing struggle in Ukraine. The United States and Europe must remain united on sanctions against Russia as long as it continues to invade and oc-cupy a sovereign nation like Ukraine. 
I will conclude by recognizing the 
many dedicated Foreign Service offi-cers working in our embassies that we meet with on our trips. They are on the frontlines of American leadership and generosity. Ambassador Geoffrey Pyatt in Ukraine and Ambassador David Pearce in Greece are two we worked 
with during our recent visit. 
As the Republicans threaten govern-
ment shutdown after government shut-down, let us not forget that these men and women and many like them lit-erally risk their lives every single day standing up and representing the United States around the world. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Louisiana. 
STOP SANCTUARY POLICIES AND PROTECT  
AMERICANS BILL  
Mr. VITTER. Mr. President, I rise 
again in strong support of the Stop Sanctuary Policies and Protect Ameri-cans Act, which we will be voting on later today. I was here on the floor yes-terday laying out the strong case in support of that, talking to many col-leagues before this vote today, as I have been for the past several days. 
Today I rise to focus on some argu-
ments from the other side that are er-roneous and misleading, quite frankly, and to debunk those arguments so ev-eryone has the full, true, and clear pic-ture of why this legislation is so need-ed. 
First, I have heard a few of my col-
leagues talk about the need for Federal and local authorities to do a better job of working together. For instance, Sen-ator D
URBIN , who just left the floor, 
said: ‘‘Federal and local authorities must do a better job of communicating and coordinating so that undocu-mented immigrants with serious crimi-nal records are detained and deported, period.’’ 
Similarly, Senator F
EINSTEIN said: 
‘‘It is very clear to me that we have to improve cooperation between local, State, and Federal law enforcement.’’ 
Let me say that I completely agree 
with them, and they are laying out a strong case for this legislation, not against it, because we need to do some-thing about the cause of the non-cooperation, the obstacle between that full cooperation, which absolutely needs to happen every day. Simply wishing for a better outcome isn’t going to make it happen. 
The fact is, there are dozens of sanc-
tuary cities—jurisdictions that have those policies—that were cooperating in the past and that want to cooperate, but they have been faced with lawsuits from the ACLU and others and court decisions wherein local law enforce-ment officials could be held liable for violating an individual’s constitutional rights simply for honoring a detainer request from ICE. That is ridiculous. That is an abusive threat. Our legisla-tion on the floor today is going to re-move that threat. 
The Stop Sanctuary Policies and 
Protect Americans Act allows for that cooperation between local and Federal authorities to resume again because section 4 of the bill will facilitate State and local compliance with the ICE detainer and remove that onerous and unreasonable threat. Cooperation has been stifled by lawsuits aimed at bullying local law enforcement, and 
this bill will grant local law enforce-ment the authority to clearly comply with ICE detainers without threat of li-ability. It will protect them from that liability for simply complying with ICE detainers. 
I will remind my colleagues that it 
will do nothing to infringe on an indi-vidual’s civil or constitutional rights. They still have the same ability to pur-sue those against ICE or anyone else they choose. 
That is why this legislation is sup-
ported by people who know something about what needs to happen for local and Federal authorities to cooperate. Who am I talking about? The Federal Law Enforcement Officers Associa-tion—they know what they are talking about. The International Union of Po-
lice Associations—they live it every day. The National Association of Po-lice Organizations and the National Sheriffs’ Association—don’t my col-leagues think they know what is need-ed on the ground? They do. And be-cause they do, they strongly support this legislation. 
Second, some colleagues on the other 
side argue that this bill won’t do any-thing; instead, we need so-called com-prehensive immigration reform such as the Gang of 8 bill. But the Gang of 8 bill that my colleagues are pushing— 1,200 pages long when it passed the Sen-ate—didn’t do anything to resolve this issue of sanctuary cities. It didn’t do anything to change the abusive law-suits I am speaking about. It didn’t do anything to encourage Federal and local authorities to cooperate in real time—absolutely nothing. That is just the fact, once we read the 1,200 pages. All the Gang of 8 bill does is lead with a big amnesty—an amnesty over-night—for about 11 million illegal im-migrants in our country today. So that comprehensive immigration reform bill—the Gang of 8 bill or whatever we want to call it—does nothing in this area that is so crucial to fix, does noth-ing about sanctuary cities, does noth-ing to remove these abusive lawsuits as obstacles to the clear and full coopera-tion between Federal, State, and local authorities, which even folks on the other side of the bill admit needs to happen and is a problem right now. 
There are lots of myths about our 
bill versus the facts. 
With that in mind, I ask unanimous 
consent to have printed in the R
ECORD  
a myth v. fact sheet that lays out clearly the myths, the arguments made against this legislation, and the real facts of the Stop Sanctuary Policies and Protect Americans Act, S. 2146. 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
MYTH V . FACT—STOPSANCTUARY POLICIES  
ACT(S.2146) 
1. S.2146 does not punish illegal immi-
grants who come forward to report crimes. 
Myth: Under S.2146, ‘‘reporting crimes or 
otherwise interacting with law enforcement could lead to immigration detention and de-portation.’’
1 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:35 Oct 21, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20OC6.007 S20OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7313 October 20, 2015 
Fact: S.2146 provides that if a jurisdiction 
has a policy that local law enforcement will not inquire about the immigration status of crime victims or witnesses, such jurisdiction will not be deemed a sanctuary jurisdiction and will not lose any federal funds. See sec-tion 3(e). 
2. S.2146 does not require local law enforce-
ment to carry out federal immigration re-sponsibilities. 
Myth: S.2146 would ‘‘require[e] state and 
local law enforcement to carry out the fed-eral government’s immigration enforcement responsibilities,’’ and thus ‘‘the federal gov-ernment would be substituting its judgment for the judgment of state and local law en-forcement agencies.’’
2 
Fact: The bill does not require local law 
enforcement ‘‘to carry out federal immigra-tion responsibilities.’’ Removing illegal im-migrants remains the exclusive province of the federal government. The bill simply withholds certain federal funds from juris-dictions that prohibit their local law en-forcement officers from cooperating with federal officials in the limited circumstance of honoring an immigration detainer. 
It is politicians in sanctuary jurisdictions 
who, by tying the hands of local law enforce-ment, are ‘‘substituting [their] judgment for the judgment of state and local law enforce-ment.’’ 
3. S.2146 is necessary to keep dangerous 
criminals off of the streets. 
Myth: ‘‘Congress should focus on overdue 
reforms of the broken immigration system to allow state and local law enforcement to focus their resources on true threats—dan-gerous criminals and criminal organiza-tions.’’
3 
Fact: Sanctuary cities are the ones pre-
venting local law enforcement from focusing on dangerous criminals and criminal organi-zations—by forbidding local law enforcement officers from holding such criminals. 
The illegal immigrant who killed Kate 
Steinle explained that he chose to live in San Francisco because it was a sanctuary city, and he knew San Francisco would not take action against him He was right. Three months before Kate’s death, the federal gov-ernment asked San Francisco officials to hold him, but San Francisco refused. 
4. S.2146 does not force the U.S. to bear li-
ability for unconstitutional actions by local law enforcement. 
Myth: S.2146 includes ‘‘provisions requiring 
DHS to absorb all liability in lawsuits brought by individuals unlawfully detained in violation of the Fourth Amendment.’’
4 
Fact: If a lawsuit alleges that a local offi-
cer knowingly violated Fourth Amendment or other constitutional rights, under S.2146, the individual officer, not the federal govern-ment, will bear all liability. See section 4(c). 
For some lawsuits, the U.S. will be sub-
stituted as defendant—specifically, suits al-leging that that the immigration detainer should not have been issued. But such a claim could already be brought against the U.S. under existing law; thus, S.2146 does not create a new source of liability for the fed-eral government. S.2146 simply provides that if the federal government made the error, the federal government should be the defend-ant. 
5. S.2146 is fully consistent with the Fourth 
Amendment and preserves individuals’ rights to sue for constitutional violations. 
Myth: ‘‘The Fourth Amendment provides 
that the government cannot hold anyone in jail without getting a warrant or the ap-proval of a judge.’’
5 
Fact: The Constitution requires probable 
cause to detain an individual, which can be established by a judicial a warrant issued be-fore the arrest or by a demonstration of probable cause after the arrest. Otherwise police could never arrest someone whom 
they see committing a crime. 
S.2146 does not alter the requirement for 
probable cause. In fact, S.2146 explicitly pre-serves an individual’s ability to sue if he or she is held without probable cause or has suf-fered any other violation of a constitutional right. 
E
NDNOTES  
1. Email from Lutheran Immigration and 
Refugee Service (Oct. 19, 2015). 
2. Letter from Law Enforcement Immigra-
tion Task Force (Oct. 15, 2015). 
3. Letter from Law Enforcement Immigra-
tion Task Force (Oct. 15, 2015). 
4. Letter from ACLU (Oct. 19, 2015). 5. Letter from ACLU (Oct. 19, 2015). 
Mr. VITTER. Mr. President, let me 
highlight the two biggest ones. The first one is that our legislation would somehow punish and make it more dif-ficult for illegal persons to report crimes and cooperate with local law enforcement. That is a pure myth. What is the fact? Well, read the bill, as the American people suggest. Read the bill. Our bill, S. 2146, specifically pro-vides that if a jurisdiction has a policy that local law enforcement will not in-quire about the immigration status of crime victims or witnesses, such juris-diction will not be deemed a sanctuary jurisdiction and it will not lose Federal funds over that. So that argument is simply a myth. 
The second argument often made is 
that somehow this legislation is requir-ing local law enforcement to carry out Federal immigration responsibilities. Again, that is a pure myth, a purely er-roneous argument, and if we read the bill, S. 2146, we will see it is simply not true. The bill does not require local law enforcement ‘‘to carry out Federal im-migration responsibilities’’ in any way, shape, or form. Removing illegal immi-grants remains the exclusive province of the Federal Government. The bill simply withholds certain Federal funds from jurisdictions that prohibit ex-actly the cooperation that our oppo-nents on the other side say is so nec-essary and correctly say is so nec-essary. So that, again, is the fact versus the myth that is being propa-gated. 
Again, we have several myths versus 
facts as part of the record, and I urge everyone, starting with our colleagues, Democrats and Republicans, to study it carefully. 
This is an important issue. Sanc-
tuary cities are a real problem, and we need to fix that problem to move for-ward. So I urge my colleagues to look carefully at this issue of what is driv-ing these sanctuary cities policies. Our legislation will take up those drivers, those obstacles, will solve those prob-lems, and will result in the cooperation at all levels of law enforcement that we desperately need. 
I urge my colleagues to vote yes later 
today so we can push forward with this important and critical legislation. 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, today, we 
will finally vote on the nomination of Judge Ann Donnelly to be a Federal district judge in the Eastern District of New York. She was first nominated for 
this judicial emergency vacancy nearly a year ago, back in November 2014. She was voted out of the Judiciary Com-mittee by unanimous voice vote over 4 months ago on June 4, but since then she has been blocked from receiving a vote on the Senate floor. Senator S
CHU-
MER has twice sought to secure a vote 
for Judge Donnelly through unanimous consent requests in July and Sep-tember, but was blocked by Repub-licans both times. No substantive rea-son was given for this obstruction, which is hurting both our justice sys-tem and the people who seek justice in those courts. 
Judge Donnelly is not the only New 
York nominee ready for a vote today on the Executive Calendar. LaShann Hall, a partner at a prominent national law firm, was nominated to the other judicial emergency vacancy in the Eastern District of New York last No-vember as well. She was voted out of the Judiciary Committee by unani-mous voice vote at the same time as Judge Donnelly, and she is still await-ing a vote. 
Also waiting for a vote is Lawrence 
Vilardo, who has been nominated to the vacancy in the Western District of New York in Buffalo. The Western Dis-trict of New York has one of the busi-est caseloads in the country and han-dles more criminal cases than Wash-ington, DC, Boston, or Cleveland; yet there is not a single active Federal judge in that district, and the court is staying afloat only through the vol-untary efforts of two judges on senior status who are hearing cases in their retirement. Despite these cir-cumstances, Republicans continue to hold Mr. Vilardo’s nomination up as well. There is no good reason why these two other noncontroversial New York nominees could not be confirmed today. The same goes for the rest of the noncontroversial judicial nominees on the Executive Calendar. 
In the Judiciary Committee, I have 
continued to work with Chairman G
RASSLEY to hold hearings on judicial 
nominees. We will hold a hearing to-morrow for four more judicial nomi-nees. But the pattern we have seen over the last 9 months is that, once nominees are voted out of committee and awaiting confirmation on the floor, the Republican leadership refuses to schedule votes. So far this year, we have only confirmed seven judges. That is not even one judge per month. Some Republicans claim that this is reason-able, but by any measure, it is not. By this same point in 2007, when I was chairman of the Judiciary Committee and we had a Republican President, the Senate had already confirmed 33 judges. At this current rate, by the end of the year, the Senate will have con-firmed the fewest number of judges in more than a half century. 
This pattern is especially egregious 
in light of the rising number of judicial vacancies. In fact, as a direct result of Republican obstruction, vacancies have 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:35 Oct 21, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20OC6.002 S20OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7314 October 20, 2015 
increased by more than 50 percent, 
from 43 to 67. That means there are not enough judges to handle the over-whelming number of cases in many of our Federal courtrooms. Additionally, the number of Federal court vacancies deemed to be ‘‘judicial emergencies’’ by the nonpartisan Administrative Of-fice of the U.S. Courts has increased by 
158 percent since the beginning of the year. There are now 30 judicial emer-gency vacancies that are affecting communities across the country. 
The Leadership Conference on Civil 
and Human Rights recently issued a memorandum documenting the real life impact of the Senate Republicans’ obstruction on the judicial confirma-tion process. Three States where com-munities are most hurt are Texas, Ala-bama, and Florida. Texas, for example, has nine judicial vacancies—with seven of them deemed to be judicial emer-gencies. Incredibly, one of the district court positions has been vacant for over 4 years, and a fifth circuit posi-tion in Texas has been vacant for more than 3 years. The memorandum reports that, in the Eastern District of Texas, the delays caused by the vacancy in that court has placed greater pressure on criminal defendants to forego trials and simply plead guilty to avoid uncer-tain and lengthy pretrial detentions. That is not justice. 
Similarly, Alabama has five current 
vacancies that remain unfilled, and Florida has three. These rising vacan-cies are leading to an unsustainable situation in too many states. As Chief Judge Federico Moreno of the Southern District of Florida noted, ‘‘It’s like an emergency room in a hospital. The judges are used to it and people come in and out and get good treatment. But the question is, can you sustain it? Eventually you burn out.’’ 
I urge the majority leader to sched-
ule votes for the 14 other consensus ju-dicial nominees on the Executive Cal-endar without further delay. If the Re-publican obstruction continues and if home State Senators cannot persuade the majority leader to schedule a vote for their nominees soon, then it is un-likely that even highly qualified nomi-nees with Republican support will be confirmed by the end of the year. These are nominees that members of the leader’s own party want confirmed. Let us work together to confirm nominees and help restore our third branch to full strength. 
Shortly we will begin voting on 
Judge Ann Donnelly to fill a judicial emergency vacancy in the Federal Dis-trict Court for the Eastern District of New York. Since September 2014, she has served as a judge on the New York County Supreme Court. Judge Don-nelly previously presided on the Kings County Supreme Court from 2013 to 2014 and in the Bronx County Supreme Court from 2009 to 2013. Prior to becom-ing a judge, she worked at the New York County District Attorney’s Office for 25 years as an assistant district at-torney, senior trial counsel, and as chief of the Family Violence Child 
Abuse Bureau. She has the support of her two home State Senators, Senator S
CHUMER and Senator G ILLIBRAND . She 
was voted out of the Judiciary Com-mittee by unanimous voice vote on June 4, 2015. I will vote to support her nomination. 
Mr. VITTER. Mr. President, I suggest 
the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
F
LAKE ). Without objection, it is so or-
dered. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the question is, Will the Senate advise and consent to the nomination of Ann Donnelly, of New York, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of New York? 
Mr. FRANKEN. Mr. President, I ask 
for the yeas and nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators 
are necessarily absent: the Senator from South Carolina (Mr. G
RAHAM ) and 
the Senator from Florida (Mr. R UBIO). 
Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the 
Senator from New Hampshire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) is necessarily absent. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C AS-
SIDY). Are there any other Senators in 
the Chamber desiring to vote? 
The result was announced—yeas 95, 
nays 2, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 279 Ex.] 
YEAS—95 
Alexander 
Ayotte Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Booker Boozman Boxer Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Durbin Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer 
Flake Franken Gardner Gillibrand Grassley Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kaine King Kirk Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Lee Manchin Markey McCain McCaskill McConnell Menendez Merkley Mikulski Moran Murkowski Murphy 
Murray Nelson Paul Perdue Peters Portman Reed Reid Risch Roberts 
Rounds Sanders Sasse Schatz Schumer Scott Sessions Shelby Stabenow Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Udall Vitter Warner Warren Whitehouse Wicker Wyden 
NAYS—2 
Blunt Sullivan NOT VOTING—3 
Graham Rubio Shaheen 
The nomination was confirmed. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the motion to re-consider is considered made and laid upon the table, and the President will be immediately notified of the Senate’s action. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will re-sume legislative session. 
f 
STOP SANCTUARY POLICIES AND 
PROTECT AMERICANS ACT—MO-TION TO PROCEED 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will re-sume consideration of the motion to proceed to S. 2146, which the clerk shall now report. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
Motion to proceed to Calendar No. 252, S. 
2146, a bill to hold sanctuary jurisdictions accountable for defying Federal law, to in-crease penalties for individuals who illegally reenter the United States after being re-moved, and to provide liability protection for State and local law enforcement who co-operate with Federal law enforcement and for other purposes. 
The Senator from Texas. 
Mr. CRUZ. Mr. President, the Amer-
ican people have demanded for years that the Federal Government faithfully enforce our Nation’s immigration laws. Americans are tired of seeing their laws flouted and their communities plagued by the horrible crimes that typically accompany illegal immigra-tion. But for too long, the pleas of the American people on this issue have gone unheeded here in Washington. 
See, when it comes to the problem of 
illegal immigration, the political class and the business class—our Nation’s elites—are of one mind. They promise robust enforcement at some point in the future but only on the condition that the American people accept a pathway to citizenship now for the mil-lions of illegal immigrants who are al-ready in this country. 
Not wanting to be swindled, the 
American people wisely rejected this deal, which the Washington class calls ‘‘comprehensive immigration reform.’’ Of course, the elites don’t like this one bit. So instead, they have taken mat-ters into their own hands. They bend or ignore the law to make it more dif-ficult for immigration enforcement of-ficers to do their job. 
We have seen this repeatedly with 
the Obama administration. President Obama has illegally granted amnesty to millions of illegal immigrants with no statutory authorization whatsoever, even though, before his reelection, the President assured the American people he couldn’t do so without an act of Congress. As President Obama said, when asked whether he could grant amnesty, ‘‘I am not an emperor.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:16 Oct 21, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20OC6.016 S20OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7315 October 20, 2015 
Well, I agree with President Obama. 
But yet, just a few months after saying he couldn’t do this because he was not an emperor, apparently he discovered he was an emperor, because he did pre-cisely what he acknowledged he lacked the constitutional authority to do. 
Although the administration today 
claims to be focusing its resources on deporting illegal immigrants with criminal records, it has adopted a pol-icy where many illegal immigrants that the administration deems to be low-priority criminals will not be de-tained and deported but will be re-leased back into our communities. 
Remarkably, in the year 2013 the 
Obama administration released from detention roughly 36,000 convicted criminal aliens who were actually awaiting the outcome of deportation proceedings. These criminal aliens were responsible for 193 homicide con-victions. They were responsible for 426 sexual assault convictions, 303 kidnap-ping convictions, 1,075 aggravated as-sault convictions, and 16,070 drunk driving convictions. All of this was on top of the additional 68,000 illegal im-migrants with criminal convictions that the Federal Government encoun-tered in 2013 but never took into cus-tody for deportation. Dwell on those numbers for a moment. 
In 1 year, the Obama administration 
releases over 104,000 criminal illegal aliens, people who have come into this country illegally who have additional criminal convictions—murderers, rap-ists, thieves, drunk drivers. 
One wonders what the administration 
says to the mother of a child lost to a murderer released by the Obama ad-ministration because they will not en-force the laws. One wonders what the Obama administration says to the child of a man killed by a drunk driver released by the Obama administration because they will not enforce our im-migration laws. 
While this administration’s refusal to 
enforce the laws is bad enough, the scandalously poor enforcement of our immigration laws is made much, much worse by the lawless actions of the roughly 340 so-called sanctuary juris-dictions across the country. Although these jurisdictions are more than happy—eager, even—to take Federal taxpayer dollars, they go out of their way to obstruct and impede Federal immigration enforcement by adopting policies that prohibit their law en-forcement officers from cooperating with Federal officers. Some of the ju-risdictions even refuse to honor re-quests from the Federal Government to temporarily hold a criminal alien until Federal officers can take custody of the individual. Not only are these sanc-tuary policies an affront to the rule of law, but they are extremely dangerous. 
According to a recent study by the 
Center for Immigration Studies, be-tween January 1 and September 30, 2014—just a 9-month period—sanctuary jurisdictions released 9,295 alien offend-ers who the Federal Government was seeking to deport. That is roughly 1,000 
offenders a month that sanctuary juris-dictions released to the people. Now, of those 9,295, 62 percent had prior crimi-nal histories or other public safety issues. Amazingly, to underscore just how dangerous this is to the citizenry, 2,320 of those criminal offenders were rearrested within the 9-month period for committing new crimes after they had already been released by the sanc-tuary jurisdiction. If that doesn’t em-body lawlessness, it is difficult to imagine what does—jurisdictions that are releasing over and over criminal il-legal aliens, many of them violent criminal illegal aliens, and exposing the citizens who live at home to addi-tional public safety risk, to additional terrorist risk. 
This same study found that the Fed-
eral Government was unable to re-apprehend the vast majority of the alien offenders released by the sanc-tuary jurisdictions—69 percent as of last year. Even Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson has admitted that these sanctuary policies are ‘‘un-acceptable.’’ ‘‘It is counterproductive to public safety,’’ he said, ‘‘to have this level of resistance to working with our immigration enforcement personnel.’’ 
I am thrilled to hear the Secretary of 
Homeland Security say so out loud. I assume that means that the Obama ad-ministration will be supporting the leg-islation before this body. After all, the Secretary of Homeland Security says it is ‘‘unacceptable,’’ and that ‘‘it is counterproductive to public safety.’’ Yet, sadly, the Obama administration is not supporting the legislation before this body. 
Indeed, it has taken the tragic and 
terrible death of Kate Steinle to galva-nize action here in Washington. Kate died in the arms of her father on a San Francisco pier after being fatally shot by an illegal alien who had several fel-ony convictions and had been deported from the United States multiple times. Her death is heartbreaking. 
In the Senate Judiciary Committee 
we had the opportunity to hear from Kate Steinle’s family. The heartbreak is even more appalling because Kate’s killer had been released from custody and not turned over to the Federal Government to be deported because of San Francisco’s sanctuary policy. 
The city of San Francisco is proudly 
a sanctuary city. They say to illegal immigrants across the country and across the world: Come to San Fran-cisco. We will protect you from Federal immigration laws. We, the elected democratic leaders of this city, wel-come illegal immigrants, including vio-lent criminal illegal immigrants such as the murderer who took Kate Steinle’s life. 
These policies are inexcusable. They 
are a threat to the public safety of the American people, and they need to end. That is why I am proud to be one of the original cosponsors of the Stop Sanc-tuary Policies and Protect Americans Act, which strips certain Federal funds, especially community develop-
ment block grants, from jurisdictions that maintain these lawless policies. If these jurisdictions insist on making it more difficult to remove criminal aliens from our communities, then these Federal dollars should go instead to jurisdictions that will actually co-operate with the Federal Government, that are willing to enforce the law rather than aid and abet the criminals. It makes no sense to continue sending Federal money to local governments that intentionally make it more dif-ficult and costly for the Federal Gov-
ernment to do its job. 
But this bill doesn’t just address 
sanctuary jurisdictions. It also ad-dresses the problem of illegal immi-grants who, like Kate Steinle’s killer, are deported but illegally reenter the country, which is a felony. This class 
of illegal aliens has a special disregard and disdain for our Nation’s laws, and too often these offenders also have seri-ous rap sheets. 
In 2012, just over a quarter of the ille-
gal aliens apprehended by Border Pa-trol had prior deportation orders. That is an astounding 99,420 illegal aliens. Of the illegal reentry offenders who were actually prosecuted in fiscal year 2014—that is just 16,556 offenders—a fraction of those committed a felony. The majority of those who were pros-ecuted had extensive or recent crimi-nal histories, and many were dangerous criminals. Even though the majority of offenders had serious criminal records, the average prison sentence was just 17 months, down from an average of 22 months in 2008. 
In fact, more than a quarter of illegal 
reentry offenders received a sentence below the guidelines range because the government sponsored the low sen-tence. Because we are failing to ade-quately deter illegal aliens who have already been deported from illegally reentering the country, I introduced Kate’s Law in the Senate. 
I wish to thank Senators V
ITTER and 
GRASSLEY for working with me to in-
corporate elements of Kate’s Law into this bill. I also wish to recognize and thank all of the original cosponsors who joined me in this bill—Senators B
ARRASSO , CORNYN , ISAKSON , JOHNSON , 
PERDUE , RUBIO, SULLIVAN , and T OOMEY . 
Because of this bill, any illegal alien 
who illegally reenters the United States and has a prior aggravated fel-ony conviction or two prior illegal re-entry convictions will face a manda-tory sentence of 5 years in prison. We must send the message that defiance of our laws will no longer be tolerated, whether it is by the sanctuary cities themselves or by the illegal reentry of-fenders who they harbor. 
The problem of illegal immigration 
in this country will never be solved until we demonstrate to the American people that we are serious about secur-ing the border and enforcing our immi-gration laws and until we have a Presi-dent who is willing to and, in fact, committed to actually enforcing the laws and securing the borders. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:16 Oct 21, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20OC6.013 S20OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7316 October 20, 2015 
This bill is just a small step, but at 
least it is a step in the right direction. Yet there will be two consequences from the vote this afternoon. First, it 
will be an opportunity for our friends on the Democratic side of the aisle to declare to the country on whose side they stand. 
When they are campaigning for re-
election, more than a few Democratic Senators tell the voters they support securing the borders. More than a few Democratic Senators tell the voters: Of course we shouldn’t be releasing crimi-nal illegal aliens. More than a few Democratic Senators claim to have no responsibility for the 104,000 criminal illegal aliens released by the Obama administration in the year 2013. 
These Senators claim to have no re-
sponsibility for the murder of Kate Steinle, invited to San Francisco by that city’s sanctuary city policy. This vote today will be a moment of clarity. No Democratic Senator will be able to go and tell his or her constituents: I oppose sanctuary cities. I support se-curing the border if they vote today in favor of sending Federal taxpayer funds to subsidize the lawlessness of sanc-tuary cities. 
The Senate Judiciary Committee 
heard testimony from families who had lost loved ones to violent criminal ille-gal aliens—one after the other after the other. We heard about children who were sexually abused and murdered by violent illegal aliens. We heard from family members who have lost loved ones to drunk drivers illegally in this country. 
During the hearing, I asked the sen-
ior Obama administration official for immigration enforcement how she could look into the eyes of those fam-ily members and justify releasing mur-derers, rapists, and drunk drivers over and over and over again. 
Indeed, at that hearing I asked the 
head of immigration enforcement for the Obama administration: How many murderers did the Obama administra-tion release this week? Her answer: I don’t know. I asked her: How many rapists did the Obama administration release this week? Her answer: I don’t know. How many drunk drivers? I don’t know. 
None of us should be satisfied with 
that answer or with a President and ad-ministration that refuse to enforce the laws and are willfully and repeatedly releasing violent criminal illegal aliens into our communities and endangering the lives of our families and children. 
This vote today is a simple decision 
for every Democratic Senator: With whom do you stand? Do you stand with the violent criminal illegal aliens who are being released over and over again? Because mind you, a vote no is to say the next time the next murderer—like Kate Steinle’s murderer—comes in, we should not enforce the laws, and we shouldn’t have a mandatory 5-year prison sentence. Instead, we should continue sanctuary cities that welcome and embrace him until perhaps it is our family members who lose their lives. It is my hope that in this moment of 
clarity the Democratic members of this body will decide they stand with the American people and not with the violent criminal illegal aliens. 
It is worth noting, by the way, the 
standard rhetorical device that so many Democratic Senators use is to say: Well, not all immigrants are criminals. Well, of course they are not. I am the son of an immigrant who came legally to this country 58 years ago. We are a nation of immigrants, of men and women fleeing oppression and seeking freedom, but this bill doesn’t deal with all immigrants. It deals with one specific subset of immigrants: criminal illegal aliens. It deals with those who come to this country ille-gally and also have additional criminal convictions, whether it is homicide, sexual assault, kidnapping, battery, or drunk driving. If it is the Democrats’ position for partisan reasons that they would rather stand with violent crimi-nal illegal aliens, that is a sad testa-ment on where one of the two major political parties in this country stands today. I suspect the voters who elect them would be more than a little sur-prised at how that jibes with the rhet-oric they use on the campaign trail. 
If, as many observers predict, Demo-
cratic Senators choose to value par-tisan loyalty to the Obama White House over protecting the lives of the children who will be murdered by vio-lent criminal illegal aliens in sanc-tuary cities if this body does not act, and if they vote on a party-line vote, as many observers have predicted, that will provide a moment of clarity. I will also suggest that it underscores the need for Republican leadership to bring this issue up again—and not in the con-text where Democrats can blithely block it and obstruct any meaningful reforms to protect our safety, secure the border, enforce the law, and stop violent illegal criminal aliens from threatening our safety—in the context of a must-pass bill and attach it to leg-islation that will actually pass in law. 
I am very glad we are voting on this 
bill this week. That is a good and posi-tive step. It is one of the few things in the last 10 months we have voted on that actually responds to the concerns of the men and women who elected us. 
I salute leadership for bringing up 
this vote, but if a party-line vote blocks it, then the next step is not sim-ply to have a vote. The next step is to attach this legislation to must-pass legislation and to actually fix the prob-lem. Leadership loves to speak of what they call governing, and in Washington governing is always set at least an oc-tave lower. Well, when it comes to stopping sanctuary cities and pro-tecting our safety, we need some gov-erning. We need to actually fix the problem rather than have a show vote. 
My first entreaty is to my Demo-
cratic friends across the aisle. Regard-less of areas where we differ on par-tisan politics, this should be an easy vote. Do you stand with the men and women of your State or do you stand 
with violent criminal illegal aliens? We will find out in just a couple of hours. 
My second entreaty is to Republican 
leadership. If Democrats are partisans first rather than protecting the men and women they represent, then it is up to Republican leadership to attach this to a must-pass bill and actually pass it into law and solve the prob-lem—not to talk about it, but to do it. It is my hope that is what all of us do together. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
F
LAKE ). The Senator from New Jersey. 
Mr. MENENDEZ. Mr. President, I 
rise today to speak out against a bill that is misguided, stands against ev-erything that America represents, and suggests that it will protect Americans when, in fact, it will protect Americans less. 
From our founding, our principles 
have been guided by core values of equality, fairness, freedom, and toler-ance, and in turn, we have honored the many ways that immigrants have con-tributed to this country since its incep-tion. Yet the other side of the aisle is once again engaged in a stubborn, re-lentless, and shameful assault against immigrants. 
As the son of immigrants myself, I 
find it hard not to take offense at the anti-immigrant rhetoric we are hearing from their Presidential candidates. It is unacceptable, deplorable, and should be renounced by every American. We are witnessing the most overtly nativ-ist, xenophobic campaign in modern U.S. history. We have hit a new low with the extraordinarily hateful rhet-oric that diminishes immigrants’ con-tributions to American history and particularly demonizes the Latino community by labeling Mexican immi-grants as rapists and criminals. 
The Republican leading in the polls 
actually launched his Presidential can-didacy by attacking immigrants, say-ing: 
They’re bringing drugs. They’re bringing 
crime. They’re rapists. 
Please spare me. It is senseless and 
false. Yet some of my Senate col-leagues have decided to jump on the GOP’s fearmongering bandwagon, seek-ing to blindly stamp millions of hard- working, law-abiding immigrant fami-lies as criminals and rapists, and that is why we are here today. That anti- immigrant rhetoric has made its way to the Senate floor courtesy of Donald Trump and some Republicans eager to capitalize on this rhetoric for their own political gain. 
This is nothing more than another 
offensive anti-immigrant bill, another effort to demonize those who risk ev-erything for a better life for them-selves and their children, those who were left with no choice but to flee per-secution and violence or else face a cer-tain death. That is what we are debat-ing here today. Those are the individ-uals this legislation seeks to brand as criminals. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:16 Oct 21, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20OC6.018 S20OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7317 October 20, 2015 
This bill does nothing more than in-
stigate fear and divide our Nation. Sup-porters of this bill may say that it is in response to a tragedy such as what happened in San Francisco, and what happened in San Francisco was a trag-edy. Such tragedies will not be pre-vented by this legislation but by real immigration reform. I am happy to 
have that debate—a real debate, an honest and compassionate debate, a de-bate the country deserves—but that is not what is happening in this bill. 
The title of the bill asserts that it 
will protect Americans. Well, to be clear, this bill will not protect Ameri-cans because it second guesses deci-sions made by local law enforcement around the country about how to best police their own communities and en-sure public safety. 
What is worse, this bill mandates 
local law enforcement to take on Fed-eral immigration enforcement duties by threatening to strip away funding from as many as 300 local jurisdictions, from programs such as the community development block grant, community- oriented policing services, and the State Criminal Alien Assistance Pro-gram. These are programs that directly help our towns and communities. The CDBG Program grows local economies and improves the quality of life for families. It has assisted hundreds of millions of people with low and mod-erate incomes, stabilized neighbor-hoods, provided affordable housing, and improved the safety and quality of life of American citizens. The Cops on the Beat grant funds salaries and benefits for police officers who serve us every day by keeping our communities safe, and they deserve better than being dragged into partisan politics. 
My colleague from Louisiana seeks 
to strip funding from localities that undertake the balancing of public safe-ty considerations and refuse to act as Immigration and Customs Enforcement agents. But this bill goes even further than that. This bill isn’t content with taking discretion away from local com-munities; it takes it away from the ju-dicial branch. It adds new mandatory minimums when, as a nation, we are trying to move away from that ap-proach. The new mandatory minimum sentences would have a crippling finan-cial impact with no evidence that they would actually deter future violations of the law. They could cost American taxpayers hundreds of millions of dol-lars. I think that deserves a serious, thoughtful debate in the Judiciary Committee, with expert testimony on whether this really makes us safer or whether we are throwing away hard- earned taxpayer dollars. But we won’t even get that debate because this bill was fast-tracked as a Republican pri-ority, and it didn’t even go through the regular committee process. 
The U.S. Senate cannot nurture an 
environment that demonizes and dehu-manizes Latinos and the entire immi-grant community. By threatening to strip CDBG funding from cities, Senate Republicans are saying that it is OK to 
withhold funding from economically vulnerable American citizens, senior citizens, veterans, and children to pro-mote their anti-immigrant agenda and that it is OK to cut COPS funding, which has long promoted public safety through community policing. 
A one-size-fits-all approach that pun-
ishes State and local law enforcement agencies that engage in well-estab-lished community policing practices just doesn’t make sense. Local commu-nities and local law enforcement are better judges than Congress of what keeps their communities safe. Police need cooperation from the community to do their jobs. That is why over the past several years hundreds of local-ities across our Nation, with the sup-port of some of the toughest police chiefs and sheriffs, have limited their involvement in Federal immigration enforcement out of concerns for com-munity safety and violations of the Fourth Amendment. They need wit-nesses and victims to be able to come forward without fear of recrimination because of their immigrant status, and fear of deportation should never be a barrier to reporting crime or seeking help from the police. This fear under-mines trust between law enforcement and the communities they protect and creates a chilling effect. 
These policies were put in place be-
cause local jurisdictions don’t want to do ICE’s job for them. Effective polic-ing cannot be achieved by forcing an unwanted role upon the police by threat of sanctions or withholding as-sistance, especially at a time when law enforcement agencies are strength-ening police-community relations. 
Furthermore, why do my Republican 
colleagues believe they know better than the local towns and citizens who live this day in and day out? They talk endlessly about decentralizing govern-ment, giving the power back to local communities, but not this time. It is no wonder that this bill is opposed by law enforcement, including the Fra-ternal Order of Police, the Law En-forcement Immigration Task Force, the U.S. Conference of Mayors, immi-grant and Latino rights organizations, faith groups, and domestic violence groups, among others. 
This bill is not a real solution to our 
broken immigration system. The bot-tom line is that we need comprehensive immigration reform. We passed bipar-tisan legislation in 2013, but we haven’t had a real discussion in Congress for over 2 years. 
A recent Pew poll found that 74 per-
cent of Americans overall said that un-documented immigrants should be given a pathway to stay legally. That included 66 percent of Republicans, 74 percent of Independents, and 80 percent of Democrats who support a pathway to legal status for undocumented im-migrants. This bipartisan support is not new. 
Comprehensive immigration reform, 
previously passed in the Senate, brought millions of people out of the 
shadows who had to prove their iden-tity, pass a criminal background check, pay taxes, and provide an earned path to citizenship so ICE could focus on the people who were true pub-lic safety threats. The bill also in-creased penalties for repeat border crossers. It included $46 billion in new resources, including no fewer than 38,000 trained, full-time, active Border Patrol agents deployed and stationed along the southern border. It increased the real GDP of our country by more than 3 percent in 2023 and 5.4 percent in 2033—an increase of roughly $700 billion in the first 10 years and $1.4 trillion in the second 10. It would have reduced the Federal deficit by $197 billion over the next decade and by another $700 billion in the following. That is almost $1 trillion in deficit spending reduc-tions by giving 11 million people a pathway to citizenship. That was a real solution. That is the type of reform we need. That, in fact, is the opportunity that existed. Unfortunately, the other body, the House of Representatives, did not even have a vote. To the extent that Americans are less safe, it is be-cause of their inaction that we are less safe today. 
Tragedies should not be used to 
scapegoat immigrants. They should not be used to erode trust between law en-forcement and our communities. We cannot let fear drive our policymaking. 
So let’s actively and collectively re-
sist the demagoguery that threatens to shape American policymaking for the worse. I believe a vote to proceed is a vote against the Latino and immigrant communities of our country, and I hope that on a bipartisan basis we can reject it. 
With that, I yield the floor. Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Mr. President, I 
wish to discuss sanctuary cities. 
Two women, Kate Steinle and 
Marilyn Pharis, were killed in Cali-fornia over the summer, both allegedly by undocumented individuals with criminal records. 
The suspect in each case had recently 
been released from local custody with-out notice to Federal immigration offi-cials, which could have resulted in those individuals being removed from the country instead of being released. 
I believe these murders could have 
been prevented if there were open chan-nels of communication between local law enforcement and Federal immigra-tion authorities about dangerous indi-viduals. 
In both cases, those lines of commu-
nication broke down, and two women died. 
In my view, local law enforcement 
agencies should be required to notify Federal authorities—if such notifica-tion is requested—that they plan to re-lease a dangerous individual, such as a convicted felon. 
This is a reasonable solution that 
would target those criminals who shouldn’t be released back onto the street. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:16 Oct 21, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20OC6.020 S20OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7318 October 20, 2015 
While I do support mandatory com-
munication between local, State, and Federal officials, I do not support the bill before us today. 
The bill we will soon be voting on 
would target all undocumented immi-grants for deportation. 
It would divert already stretched 
local law enforcement resources away from dangerous criminals and from po-licing in their own communities. I do not support such an action. 
This bill also includes a detention re-
quirement that goes beyond dangerous individuals—it would cover any immi-grant sought to be detained. 
This is a standard that could be 
abused in another administration, and it is potentially a huge unfunded man-date to impose on States and localities. 
In addition to being an unfunded 
mandate, the bill would make drastic cuts to police departments, sheriffs de-partments, and local community pro-grams. 
Specifically it would cut the COPS 
Hiring Program; the State Criminal Alien Assistance Program, known as SCAAP; and the Community Develop-ment Block Grant Program. 
Last year, 21 California jurisdictions 
received $13.2 million in COPS hiring grants to hire police officers. 
California also received $57 million in 
SCAAP funds to help cover costs of holding undocumented immigrants. 
And California communities received 
$356.9 million under the Community Development Block Grant Program. 
As a former mayor, I know how im-
portant these funds are to local com-munities. 
The bill would also impose lengthy 
Federal prison sentences on all undocu-mented immigrants. 
This would include mothers crossing 
the border to see their children. 
It would include agricultural workers 
who are vital to California’s economy. 
It would include other essentially in-
nocent individuals who simply want to make a better life for themselves and their families. 
In my view, this goes much too far, 
and I cannot support it. 
I would, however, like to talk further 
about the murders of Kate Steinle and Marilyn Pharis and what I believe should be done to protect public safety. 
Kate Steinle, a 32-year-old woman, 
was shot and killed in July while walk-ing along San Francisco’s Pier 14 with her father. 
The suspected shooter, Juan Fran-
cisco Lopez-Sanchez, had a long crimi-nal record. 
He had seven felony convictions, in-
cluding one for possession of heroin and another for manufacturing nar-cotics. 
He had also been removed from the 
country five times. 
The chain of events that led to Kate’s 
murder began on March 23, when San Francisco County Sheriff Ross Mirkarimi requested that Lopez-San-chez be transferred from Federal prison to San Francisco. The sheriff’s request was based on a 
20-year-old marijuana possession war-rant. 
On March 26, Lopez-Sanchez was 
booked into San Francisco County jail. 
However, the 20-year-old marijuana 
charge was quickly dropped, and Lopez- Sanchez was later released. 
Immigration and Customs Enforce-
ment had asked Sheriff Mirkarimi to let the agency know when Lopez-San-chez would be released. That did not happen. 
A simple phone call would have been 
enough, but Sheriff Mirkarimi failed to notify Federal officials. 
In July, only a few months after his 
release, Lopez-Sanchez shot and killed Kate Steinle. 
In fact, not only did the sheriff fail to 
notify, the failure was a consequence of a deliberate policy. 
Just weeks before his office requested 
the transfer of Lopez-Sanchez, the sheriff adopted a policy forbidding his own deputies from notifying immigra-tion officials. 
The policy specifically states that 
sheriff department staff shall not pro-vide release dates or times to immigra-tion authorities. 
Let me be clear: this isn’t State law 
or even San Francisco law. This is the sheriff’s own policy. 
I believe this policy is wrong, and I 
have called on the sheriff to change it. San Francisco Mayor Ed Lee has made the same request. 
On July 24, Marilyn Pharis was bru-
tally attacked with a hammer and sex-ually assaulted in her home by two sus-pects. 
The 64-year-old Air Force veteran 
died in the hospital from her injuries a week later. 
One of the individuals charged with 
this heinous crime is a 20-year-old U.S. citizen named Jose Fernando Villagomez. 
The other is a 29-year-old undocu-
mented immigrant named Victor Aureliano Martinez Ramirez. 
According to ICE, Martinez Ramirez 
was arrested in May 2014, but he had no prior felony convictions or deporta-tions. 
He was subject to what is called an 
ICE detainer request, asking the local jurisdiction to hold him until ICE could pick him up. 
The local jurisdiction did not hold 
the suspect, nor did they notify ICE of his release. 
In the ensuing months, Martinez Ra-
mirez accumulated multiple mis-demeanor convictions, including pos-session of methamphetamine and bat-tery. 
One of his convictions included a pro-
tection order requiring him to stay away from a particular individual. 
On July 20, he pleaded guilty to addi-
tional misdemeanor charges of pos-sessing a dagger and drug para-phernalia. 
He was sentenced to 30 days, but that 
wasn’t to begin until October 31. He was released from custody and, 4 days later, allegedly attacked, raped, and 
killed Marilyn Pharis in her own home. 
I believe these two cases demonstrate 
the need for better communication be-tween local, State, and Federal au-thorities before a dangerous individual with a criminal record is released. 
When our committee was set to 
markup an earlier bill from Senator V
ITTER , I prepared a simple amend-
ment to ensure such communication happens. That markup was cancelled. 
I’d like to describe this approach 
now. 
First, it would require notification 
by a State or local agency of the im-pending release of certain dangerous individuals, if ICE requests such notifi-cation. 
It would apply to individuals where 
there is probable cause to believe they are aliens who are removable from the country and who pose a threat to the community. 
Immigration offenses would be cov-
ered only if the individual had actually received more than 1 year in prison, which would happen for a person with a significant criminal history. 
The amendment I prepared would not 
include harmful cuts to law enforce-ment and community programs, which I believe are unnecessary and unwise. 
The legal precedents from the Su-
preme Court show that Congress can impose a reporting requirement on a State or local government, without threatening harmful funding cuts. 
That is the approach I would take—I 
believe it would protect public safety without harming otherwise law-abiding immigrants or State or local law en-forcement. 
Before I conclude, I’d like to remind 
my colleagues that this is not a choice between being pro-immigrant or pro- criminal. 
I am pro-immigrant. Immigrants 
make a tremendous contribution to this country and to my State. 
They work some of the most difficult 
jobs, from agriculture to construction to hospitality. 
They are part of the fabric of our 
country. 
I, myself, am the daughter of an im-
migrant. 
I strongly support comprehensive im-
migration reform, which I think is the only long-term solution to many of these problems. 
I also support the President’s execu-
tive actions to eliminate the threat of deportation for young people who have been raised here, as well as the parents of American citizens. 
And I agree with immigrant advo-
cates who want to prevent families from being separated because of a minor infraction like a broken tail-light. 
The position I support strikes a bal-
ance. 
It would keep dangerous individuals 
off the street, while protecting other-wise law-abiding immigrants who are just here to work and provide their children with a better future. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:16 Oct 21, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20OC6.017 S20OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7319 October 20, 2015 
I believe the deaths of Kate Steinle 
and Marilyn Pharis could have been prevented. 
I believe we can and should fix the 
problems that led to their deaths by re-quiring that local officials notify Fed-eral officials before they release dan-gerous criminals, if asked to do so. 
I oppose Senator V
ITTER ’s bill, which 
would sweep up otherwise law-abiding immigrants and divert resources away from where they are most needed. 
We should focus our efforts on dan-
gerous criminals, and I hope that when we again take up comprehensive immi-gration reform, that is what happens. 
I thank the Chair. Mrs. BOXER. Mr. President, the 
death of Kate Steinle in San Francisco by a convicted felon who illegally crossed the border multiple times was horrific. It left a family heartbroken and shocked our community, our State, and our Nation. 
We cannot allow a tragedy like this 
to happen again. 
We should never give sanctuary to se-
rious and violent felons, but this Re-publican bill is not the answer. 
Getting rid of sanctuary cities will 
not reduce crime—in fact, it will only increase crime and make us less safe. 
That is why this bill is opposed by 
law enforcement, immigrant rights or-ganizations, faith groups, domestic vio-lence groups, labor unions, housing and community development organiza-tions, mayors of California’s biggest cities, and the National League of Cit-ies—as well as many others. 
The truth is that sanctuary cities 
keep our neighborhoods safe by pro-moting trust and cooperation between police officers and immigrant commu-nities. And that trust is essential to protecting all of us. 
Let me give a quick example. A few years ago in Seattle, more 
than two dozen Asian women were sex-ually assaulted in the same neighbor-hood over a 2-year period. 
Because of the strong relationship 
between police and the community—a community where police are generally prohibited from asking about immigra-tion status—many of the immigrant victims were willing to come forward and share information with the police, which led to the perpetrator’s arrest. 
Don’t just take my word for it—lis-
ten to what law enforcement in our communities say about the importance of sanctuary city policies. 
As former San Jose Police Chief Rob 
Davis said: ‘‘We have been fortunate enough to solve some terrible cases be-cause of the willingness of illegal im-migrants to step forward, and if they saw us as part of the immigration serv-ices, I just don’t know if they’d do that anymore.’’ 
As Ohio Chief of Police Richard Biehl 
explained: ‘‘Sanctuary policies and practices are not designed to harbor criminals. On the contrary, they exist to support community policing, ensur-ing that the community at large—in-cluding immigrant communities— trusts State and local law enforcement 
and feels secure in reporting criminal conduct.’’ 
Ending sanctuary policies would keep 
the voices of immigrant victims and witnesses quiet. 
That means crimes would go unre-
ported, cases would go unsolved, and dangerous criminals would go unpunished. 
Ending these policies would actually 
give sanctuary to dangerous criminals because, without the help of immigrant communities, these violent offenders will continue to threaten our safety. 
We know this because there are many 
places in this country where immi-grants do not feel safe coming forward. 
As Texas Sheriff Lupe Valdez said: 
‘‘A lot of undocumented individuals came from areas where they can’t trust the police. The uniform has pushed them into the shadows. Good law en-forcement cannot be carried out this way.’’ 
Just listen to some of the immi-
grants who were too terrified to come forward and report horrific crimes. 
Take it from Maria, an immigrant 
survivor of serious domestic violence, who fled from Texas to Indiana, where her abuser tracked her down. 
When he came to her house at mid-
night, she was too afraid to call 911— fearing she could be deported—so she called her lawyer over and over. Be-cause it was the middle of the night, her attorney was not at work and came in the next morning to a series of fran-tic messages left on her voicemail. 
Ultimately, Maria’s abuser was not 
able to get into the house, but her life was in danger because she thought that law enforcement wasn’t a safe option. 
Take it from Cecilia, a young Guate-
malan girl in Colorado. 
Cecilia was sexually abused by a fam-
ily friend at the age of 5. Her parents, undocumented immigrants, learned about the abuse, but they were terri-fied to report the crime to the police because they were told by family and friends that the police could not be trusted. They were told that, if they came forward, they would be reported to immigration and deported. 
A year later, the same perpetrator 
sexually abused another young child. It wasn’t until the father of that child contacted Cecilia’s parents that they decided to go to the police together, and the perpetrator was caught and prosecuted. 
But because of their initial fear of re-
porting the crime, another child was harmed. 
So why would we pass a bill that 
could discourage victims or witnesses from coming forward for help? 
Why would we pass a bill that would 
make it harder for law enforcement to solve crimes and keep our communities safe? 
This Republican bill is also dan-
gerous because it would cut off COPS grants that help communities protect residents by hiring officers. 
We should be doing everything we 
can to help local police departments— not take away their ability to put offi-
cers on the street. 
Republicans also want to punish 
communities by taking away their community development block grants, which would hurt thousands of working families who rely on these funds for safe, affordable housing and other crit-ical services. 
This GOP bill would also take away 
SCAAP funding, which reimburses State and local governments for the costs of incarcerating undocumented immigrants. This funding has been re-peatedly slashed, and it has never been enough—especially in my State of Cali-fornia, which spends nearly $1 billion a year on these incarceration costs. 
These cuts would have devastating 
impact on States and local commu-nities. 
Now, there are some California com-
munities reviewing their specific poli-cies and forging cooperation agree-ments with Federal immigration offi-cials—and I think that’s a good thing. 
I believe that State and local offi-
cials should examine their policies to ensure that they are preserving the trust that law enforcement has built in our communities, while keeping seri-ous and violent felons off our streets. 
Unfortunately, this Republican bill 
would do the exact opposite—it would undermine the trust that has been de-veloped between police and immigrant communities, and it would set back ef-forts to solve cases and put dangerous criminals behind bars. 
The real question is: Why are we even 
considering this bill? 
Why isn’t Congress passing the bipar-
tisan comprehensive immigration re-form bill that the Senate passed more than 2 years ago? 
That bipartisan bill would make our 
country safer by adding 20,000 more Border Patrol agents; increasing sur-veillance; and hiring additional pros-ecutors and judges to boost prosecu-tions of illegal border crossings. 
The measure would also make clear 
that serious or violent felons will never get a pathway to citizenship or legal status. 
And the bill would bring families out 
of the shadows—so that they don’t fear being deported or separated from their families . . . so they feel comfortable cooperating with police and reporting crimes in their communities. 
Let’s make our communities safer by 
passing real immigration reform and by defeating this misguided Republican bill. 
I urge my colleagues to vote no. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
C
RUZ). The Senator from New York. 
DONNELLY CONFIRMATION  
Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I am 
going to discuss the bill on the floor in a minute, but first I wish to take a mo-ment to congratulate the newly con-firmed district judge for the Eastern District of New York, Ann Donnelly. She just passed the Senate with a vote of 95 to 2—nearly unanimous and de-servedly so. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:35 Oct 21, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20OC6.017 S20OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7320 October 20, 2015 
There are few more qualified for a 
Federal judgeship than Ann Donnelly. She has dedicated her life to public service, having spent a quarter decade as a prosecutor in the prestigious New York County District Attorney’s Office under Bob Morgenthau. She accumu-lated a host of awards there and rose through the leadership ranks of the of-fice. Then, in 2009, she became a State court judge in New York, hearing a wide variety of cases. She has a stellar academic record, having graduated from the University of Michigan and Ohio State University School of Law. 
I could tick off more of her accom-
plishments, and the list would be long, but Judge Donnelly is more than a bril-liant resume. I know her well. She is at her core a kind, thoughtful, and com-passionate person. Anyone who knows her or who has interacted with her even briefly knows she is fair, open- minded, and has exactly the kind of temperament that will make her an ex-ceptional Federal judge. 
I congratulate Ann Donnelly and her 
family—particularly her mother—on her confirmation. I know her mother is so proud of her. It is a milestone day in her career and a bright day for the Eastern District of New York. 
Mr. President, today the Senate will 
turn its attention to a divisive immi-gration bill that has no hope of becom-ing law. Today’s vote won’t be on a comprehensive bill, as was the one the Senate passed 2 years ago—one that se-cures our borders, provides a jolt to the economy, provides a pathway to citi-zenship for hard-working, law-abiding immigrants who pay their taxes to get right with the law. 
I want to be clear with the American 
people on this. Today’s vote is nothing but a political show vote. Senator V
IT-
TER knows his bill has no chance of 
passing the Senate or being signed into law. As stated by my friend the Repub-lican junior Senator from Nevada— here is what he said: ‘‘You know we have votes because people are running for president, so I am not surprised we have votes because people are running for governor.’’ No other sentence sums it up better as to what a waste of time this is, and that is to say nothing about the substance of the bill, which has drawn opposition from nearly every important interest group. A broad coalition of major law enforce-ment groups, faith groups, labor, cities, elected officials, housing advocates, and immigrant rights groups oppose this bill. I suspect there are Members of the Republican caucus who oppose many parts of it. Why? Because it is a bill that would jeopardize hundreds of millions of dollars in the name of pun-ishing immigrants and cities where they live. 
This bill would strip away commu-
nity development block grants, com-munity COPS grants to hire more cops, and SCAAP, a proposal that funds ju-risdictions that are doing what many on the other side want them to do by locking up unauthorized immigrants who commit crimes. Everyone believes 
that if a person commits a serious crime unrelated to being an immi-grant—not like crossing the border or 
forging a document but a serious crime—law enforcement should be re-quired to cooperate and those folks should be deported, plain and simple. But in the name of trying to help law enforcement, this bill hurts law en-forcement because it will take away so many of the grants law enforcement needs. It will take away the grants that help create a way of incarcerating those who commit serious crimes. 
All of these cuts would come while 
also astronomically increasing the size of prison population and related costs, without decreasing the deficit by a sin-gle dime. This will put a huge burden on our State and local taxpayers. Their taxes would go way up if this bill were passed into law and implemented. 
To be clear, the death of Kathryn 
Steinle in San Francisco was tragic. It never should have happened. I mourn not only her family but the family of any American killed in a senseless act of gun violence. For people like the killer of Ms. Steinle, law enforcement should cooperate with the Federal au-thorities and deport those folks. 
This is not the way to exercise better 
law enforcement. Punishing cities and communities and yanking Federal funding from cops will not get us to a better immigration system or safe-guard our communities. 
The bill we passed in 2013, which I 
was proud to author with a number of Democratic and Republican colleagues, is the opposite of this bill in every way. Our bill was supported by a broad coa-lition of groups, from business, labor, faith communities, immigrant commu-nities, and law enforcement. Our bill paid for itself and went on to decrease the deficit by $160 billion over 10 years and to increase GDP by 3.3 percent. Our bill secured the border—this bill doesn’t do that—not only with more re-sources and staff but by cracking down on repeat border crossers and those who overstay their visas. It did it in a smart way. The goal of our friend from Louisiana isn’t accomplished in his bill, but it is in comprehensive immi-gration reform—the goal of making sure those who are repeat border cross-ers and those who overstay their visas are dealt with properly. 
Our bill paved a tough but fair path-
way to citizenship, shielding law-abid-ing immigrants from deportation, fos-tering trust with law enforcement, and exposing the criminals in their commu-nities who would rather live in the shadows. 
Our bill was a bipartisan com-
promise. There is no compromise here. I daresay many of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle, when they look at provisions in this bill, do not like them. This is a show vote—a vote, as my Republican colleague from Nevada said, to help someone in his quest for political office. 
There are so many vitally important 
policy debates we could be turning to today. Instead, the Senate Republican 
leadership insists on leading us into this dark, divisive place for nothing more than political theater. Think of the urgent bipartisan issues we should be working on, including the debt ceil-ing. We are about to default because of the shenanigans going on on the other side. The Perkins Loan Program so that kids can go to college; the land and water conservation programs are expiring. The highway bill—we don’t have a highway bill, yet we are doing this. And if we don’t take action by the end of the year, millions of seniors will see a 52-percent increase in their Medi-care bill. How many Americans would want us to do that and not the divisive show vote that has no chance of pass-ing? 
I urge my colleagues to oppose this 
bill. Just as importantly, I beg my col-leagues to join us on this side of the aisle in turning to a serious debate on comprehensive immigration reform— something they have so far refused to do. 
Thank you, Mr. President. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania. 
The Senator is advised that the Sen-
ate is under an order to recess at this time. 
Mr. TOOMEY. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that I be recog-nized for such time as I may consume and that Senator H
IRONO be recognized 
following my remarks. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. TOOMEY. Mr. President, I rise to 
speak on S. 2146, the Stop Sanctuary Policies and Protect Americans Act, which the Senate will vote on shortly and which our colleagues have been speaking about. 
First, I want to recognize and thank 
my colleagues for joining in this ef-fort—Senator V
ITTER , Senator G RASS -
LEY, Senator C RUZ, and Senator J OHN-
SON—and introducing this very impor-
tant bill. I can’t believe the way it is being mischaracterized, and I will try to address some of those mischaracterizations. 
Let’s be clear. This bill is about 
keeping our communities safe from violent crime. That is what it is about. It is necessary because of the sanc-tuary cities that we have across Amer-ica. 
This is not a manufactured problem. 
This is a very real problem. There is one father who knows about it all too well. Jim Steinle was walking arm in arm with his daughter on a pier in San Francisco. Suddenly a gunman leaps out, opens fire, and hits Kate. She falls into her father’s arms and pleads, ‘‘Help me, dad,’’ while she bleeds to death. 
What is so outrageous about this, 
among other things, is that the shooter never should have been on the pier that day, in the first place. He was an ille-gal immigrant who had been convicted of seven felonies. He had been deported 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:16 Oct 21, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20OC6.022 S20OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7321 October 20, 2015 
five times, and there he is on the San 
Francisco pier, shooting and killing an innocent woman. It is more outrageous than that. Just 3 months earlier, the Department of Homeland Security had asked the San Francisco Police Depart-ment, when they had picked up this man, to hold him until DHS officials could come and get him. They had made that specific request when this man was in the custody of the San Francisco Police Department, but San Francisco refused to cooperate. Know-ing that DHS wanted them to hold this man for a short period of time until their agents could get there and take him into custody, having had that re-quest from DHS, San Francisco said no, and they released him so he could then go out and commit a murder. 
Why in the world would they release 
a man such as this when DHS has asked them to hold him? It is because San Francisco is a sanctuary city. What that means is that it is the pol-icy of the city of San Francisco—hav-ing commanded their local law enforce-ment, their police department—to not cooperate with Federal officials seek-ing to prosecute immigration issues. Even when they want to cooperate, they are forbidden from cooperating. Think about how absurd this is. 
If Federal officials had called the San 
Francisco Police Department about any other kind of crime—larceny, bur-glary, a trademark violation—they would have been happy to cooperate. They would have cooperated, in fact. But because the crime was related to illegal immigration, the San Francisco Police Department’s hands were tied. The police were forced to release the man who would then go on and kill Kate Steinle. As a father of three young children, I can’t even begin to think about the pain that the Steinles just went through, and what is so mad-dening is that it was entirely unneces-sary. 
Sadly, this is not the only case, as 
you know. According to the Depart-ment of Homeland Security, during an 8-month period last year, sanctuary ju-risdictions—cities and counties that have adopted this policy of noncoopera-tion—have released over 8,000 illegal immigrants they had in their custody, and 1,800 of these were later arrested for criminal acts. This includes two cities that refused to hold individuals who had been arrested for child sexual abuse. In both cases the individuals were later arrested for sexually as-saulting young children. This is how outrageous this has become. 
For the record, let me make it clear 
that I completely understand that the vast majority of immigrants would not commit these crimes. That is not what this is about. But the truth of the mat-ter is that any large group of individ-uals is going to have a certain number of criminals within it. Of the 11 million people who are here illegally, some are inevitably violent criminals. 
The Stop Sanctuary Policies and 
Protect Americans Act provides a solu-tion to this in three parts. First, under 
our legislation sanctuary jurisdictions will lose certain Federal funds. If a city or county or municipality decides they will declare or forbid their law enforce-ment officials from cooperating and even sharing information with Federal Department of Homeland Security offi-cials, they will lose some Federal fund-ing. 
Second, this legislation includes 
Kate’s Law. This provides for a manda-tory minimum 5-year sentence for a person who reenters the United States illegally after having been convicted of an aggravated felony or having been convicted twice before of illegal re-entry. 
Finally, there is the third part of this 
legislation. Across America dozens of municipalities that had been cooper-ating with Federal immigration offi-cials have been forced to become sanc-tuary communities or counties because several Federal courts have held that local law enforcement may not cooper-ate when DHS asks them to hold an il-legal immigrant. They maintain that there is not the statutory authority for local law enforcement to do so. There-fore, if the local police were to cooper-ate, as they should, they would be lia-ble for damages, and this would apply even to dangerous criminal cases. We solve that problem by making it clear that when local law enforcement is act-ing in a fashion consistent with what DHS is requesting—what DHS has the authority to do themselves—then there would be no such legal liability. 
Some of my Democratic colleagues 
have said that we don’t need this legis-lation and that all we need is greater cooperation between Federal and local law enforcement. Well, that is abso-lutely factually incorrect. It is not pos-sible to have the level of cooperation that we need to have because of these court decisions, because the court deci-sions effectively are precluding the kind of cooperation that we need. That is why Congress needs to act. 
We need to make it clear that local 
law enforcement can in fact hold some-body that the Department of Homeland Security needs to have held, just as the Department of Homeland Security has that authority themselves. The Stop Sanctuary Policies and Protect Ameri-cans Act provides a valid solution. It confirms that local law enforcement officers are allowed to cooperate when Federal officials ask them to hold ille-gal immigrants. 
It is carefully drafted to protect indi-
vidual liberties. If an individual’s civil liberties or constitutional rights are violated, than that individual can still file suit and can still seek a remedy, and that is as it should be. But this leg-islation to stop sanctuary policies act really should have very broad bipar-tisan support. 
Let’s keep in mind the people we are 
talking about here. As a practical mat-ter, the only cases in which this applies is that small subset of illegal immi-grants who even the Obama adminis-tration wishes to hold for deporta-
tion—only that small subset of people that the Obama administration be-lieves is dangerous enough to warrant removal. Really, we can’t even have local law enforcement officials cooper-ate under those circumstances? 
President Obama’s own Secretary of 
Homeland Security has declared that sanctuary cities are ‘‘not acceptable.’’ 
He has described them as ‘‘counter-productive to public safety.’’ There is no real basis for voting no on this. 
Opponents have turned to misrepre-
senting this in many ways, but the facts are overwhelming. 
There are three national law enforce-
ment groups that have written a pow-erful letter addressing some of the mis-representations that have been made about this bill. They have reaffirmed their support for this bill. They include the National Sheriffs’ Association, the National Association of Police Organi-zations, and the Federal Law Enforce-ment Officers Association. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent to have their letter printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
OCTOBER 20, 2015. 
Senator D AVID VITTER , 
U.S. Senate, Hart Senate Office Bldg., Washington, DC. Chairman C
HUCK GRASSLEY , 
U.S. Senate, Hart Senate Office Bldg., Washington, DC. Senator R
ONJOHNSON , 
U.S. Senate, Hart Senate Office Bldg., Washington, DC. Senator P
ATTOOMEY , 
U.S. Senate, Russell Senate Office Bldg., Washington, DC. Senator T
EDCRUZ, 
U.S. Senate, Russell Senate Office Bldg., Washington, DC. 
D
EAR SENATORS VITTER , TOOMEY , GRASS -
LEY, CRUZ, ANDJOHNSON : On behalf of the Na-
tional Sheriffs’ Association, the National As-sociation of Police Organizations, and the Federal Law Enforcement Officers Associa-tion and the local, state, and federal law en-forcement officers we represent, we write to reiterate out support for the Stop Sanctuary Policies and Protect Americans Act (S.2146) and to correct some misrepresentations re-garding the Act. 
As the law enforcement officers on the 
front lines working to protect our commu-nities, we know firsthand the challenges fac-ing police officers. We know when a bill makes our jobs more difficult and when a bill makes our jobs easier. 
We have been surprised to hear some mis-
represent this bill and its effects on law en-forcement. 
For example, some have claimed that the 
Stop Sanctuary Policies Act will ‘‘requir[e] state and local law enforcement to carry out the federal government’s immigration en-forcement responsibilities,’’ and thus ‘‘the federal government would be substituting its judgment for the judgment of state and local law enforcement agencies.’’ Nothing in the Stop Sanctuary Policies Act requires local law enforcement ‘‘to carry out federal immi-gration responsibilities.’’ Removing illegal immigrants remains the exclusive province of the federal government. The bill simply withholds certain federal funds from juris-dictions that prohibit their local law en-forcement officers from cooperating with 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:35 Oct 21, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20OC6.025 S20OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7322 October 20, 2015 
federal officials in the limited circumstance 
of honoring an immigration detainer. It is politicians in sanctuary jurisdictions who, by tying the hands of local law enforcement, are ‘‘substituting [their] judgment for the 
judgment of state and local law enforce-ment.’’ 
Others have resorted to scare tactics, 
warning that that S.2146 will lead to the de-portation of those who report crimes to law enforcement. This is simply false. The bill provides that if a jurisdiction has a policy that it will not inquire about the immigra-tion status of crime victims or witnesses, the jurisdiction will not be deemed a sanctuary jurisdiction and will not lose any federal funds. 
To be clear: We believe the Stop Sanctuary 
Policies Act will make America safer, en-hance the ability of police to protect and serve, and provide greater flexibility for law enforcement officers at every level—federal, state, and local. 
We also write to address those Members of 
Congress who insist that the Stop Sanctuary Policies Act is not needed; instead, Congress should ‘‘encourage’’ local officers to cooper-ate with federal officials. This ignores one crucial fact: Across America, federal courts have issued decisions forbidding local offi-cers from cooperating with federal requests to hold an illegal immigrant. These decisions provide that local law enforcement and mu-nicipalities may be sued if they cooperate with federal officials to detain dangerous criminals. Under these decisions, even if a federal official would have had the authority to hold the individual, local law enforcement can still be sued. 
Too often, local law enforcement officers 
are left with a terrible choice: Either release an individual who has been convicted of or arrested for violent crimes, or be sued and lose funds that are needed to protect our communities. As a result of these lawsuits, scores of cities and counties across America have become sanctuary jurisdictions. 
The Stop Sanctuary Policies Act provides 
a solution. The bill confirms that local law enforcement may cooperate with federal re-quests to hold an illegal immigrant. The bill provides that when local officers comply with such requests, they are delegated the same powers to hold an illegal immigrant as a DHS official would have. If the detention would have been legal if carried out by the Department of Homeland Security (DHS), then under S.2146 it is still legal; it does not become a crime simply because it is a local sheriff acting instead of a DHS official. 
This provision was carefully drafted to pro-
tect individual liberties. It preserves an indi-vidual’s ability to sue for a violation of a constitutional or civil rights, regardless of whether the violation was the result of neg-ligence or was purposeful. Under S.2146, if there was no basis to detain the individual— DHS issued the request for someone in the U.S. legally—the individual may still sue for a violation of rights. The difference is that the party responsible for the error, the fed-eral government, is liable; not a local police officer or jailer acting in good faith. If a local law enforcement officer acts improp-erly—mistreating an individual or con-tinuing to hold an individual after federal of-ficials issue a release order—the individual may sue, with the local officer liable for all costs and judgments. 
Contrary to the assertions of the American 
Civil Liberties Union (ACLU)—the party that has orchestrated these lawsuits against local law enforcement officers—the Stop Sanctuary Policies Act is fully consistent with the Fourth Amendment. In a letter to Congress, the ACLU states, ‘‘The Fourth Amendment provides that the government cannot hold anyone in jail without getting a warrant or the approval of a judge.’’ The fact 
is that the Constitution requires probable cause to detain an individual, which can be established by a judicial warrant issued be-fore the arrest or by a demonstration of probable cause after the arrest. Otherwise police could never arrest someone whom they see committing a crime. The Stop Sanctuary Policies Act does not alter the re-quirement for probable cause. To the con-trary, S.2146 explicitly preserves an individ-ual’s ability to sue if he or she is held with-out probable cause or has suffered any other violation of a constitutional right. 
The ACLU also tries scare tactics. It 
claims that the Stop Sanctuary Policies Act includes ‘‘provisions requiring DHS to absorb all liability in lawsuits brought by individ-uals unlawfully detained in violation of the Fourth Amendment.’’ This is false. If a law-suit alleges that a local officer knowingly violated Fourth Amendment or other con-
stitutional rights, then under S.2146, the in-dividual officer will bear all liability—not the federal government. For some lawsuits, the U.S. will be substituted as defendant— specifically, suits alleging that that the im-migration detainer should not have been issued. But such a claim could already be brought against the U.S. under existing law; thus, S.2146 does not create a new source of liability for the federal government. S.2146 simply provides that if the federal govern-ment made the error, the federal government should be the defendant. 
We, the law enforcement officers of Amer-
ica, are on the front lines day after day. We know the challenges of apprehending crimi-nals and the difficulties of working with crime victims and witnesses—especially those who may be fearful of local and federal authorities. Based on our collective knowl-edge and experience, we strongly support the Stop Sanctuary Policies Act (S.2146) and urge the Senate to pass this important legis-lation. 
Sincerely, 
N
ATIONAL SHERIFFS ’ 
ASSOCIATION . 
NATIONAL ASSOCIATION OF  
POLICE ORGANIZATIONS . 
FEDERAL LAW 
ENFORCEMENT OFFICERS  
ASSOCIATION . 
Mr. TOOMEY. Mr. President, let me 
finish by reminding my colleagues that the vote we are about to have is not ac-tually a vote on this bill in its current form. If Members object to a provision in it or they want to add a provision in it, then, by all means, let’s vote to get on the bill. Let’s open up debate, and we will have amendments, we will have a discussion, and we will have a debate. They are free to attempt to improve this bill and modify this bill, as they see fit. 
This vote today is not a final passage 
vote. It is a vote on whether the issue of sanctuary jurisdictions is important enough to merit the Senate’s consider-ation. 
I was just shocked to hear one of our 
colleagues describe this bill as a waste of time. Really, a waste of time? That is unbelievable. How could the lives of Kate Steinle and the other victims who have been lost because of this ridicu-lous policy be a waste of the Senate’s time when the courts are precluding the cooperation between local and Fed-eral law enforcement officials because we have not acted? There is a simple solution. It starts with passing a mo-tion to proceed so we can get on this 
bill and hopefully complete it success-fully. I think the lives of Kate Steinle and the other victims are not a waste of time. I think we should be address-ing this issue. We should be addressing it today. 
I urge my colleagues to vote aye so 
that we can begin considering this very important—and it should be broadly supported—bipartisan piece of legisla-tion. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Hawaii. 
Ms. HIRONO. Mr. President, I would 
like to urge my colleagues to oppose S. 2146, the Stop Sanctuary Policies and Protect Americans Act. 
Hundreds of cities and local jurisdic-
tions across our country have finan-cial, constitutional, and public safety concerns with using scarce local tax dollars to hold immigrants in jail when they otherwise would be entitled to re-lease under the law. These cities and towns are being called sanctuary cities because they have made a local and fact-based choice to keep their commu-nities safe rather than serve as an arm of immigration enforcement. 
This bill would create new criminal 
penalties for undocumented immi-grants and make life even harder for them, most of whom are honest, hard- working people, not criminals. The bill also takes severe steps to penalize these sanctuary cities by stripping them of critical community block grants and Federal homeland security and law enforcement funding. While this bill purports to protect our com-munities, it is strongly opposed by law enforcement, victims’ advocates, and local and State government leaders. 
Why do they oppose this bill? Demonizing our immigrant commu-
nities and using them as scapegoats does not make America safer. Decades of research shows the following: that immigrants as a group are not a threat to public safety, that immigrants are less likely to commit serious crimes than the rest of Americans, and that the higher rates of immigration are as-sociated with lower rates of violent crime. 
Law enforcement is clear. This bill 
would limit their ability to keep all people in their communities safe. Good community policy requires collabora-tion and trust. Our law enforcement of-ficials want to spend their time going after people who truly pose a threat to our safety. This bill would have us spend limited resources pursuing hard-working though undocumented mem-bers of their communities with no criminal history. Community law en-forcement should not be coerced, be-cause that is what this bill would re-quire. It is a requirement. Community law enforcement should not be coerced into serving as an arm of Federal Im-migration and Customs Enforcement. That is what this bill does. Nobody is talking about voluntary collaboration and support for Federal Government 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:16 Oct 21, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20OC6.003 S20OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7323 October 20, 2015 
enforcement of laws. Throughout this 
Congress, my Republican colleagues often rail against the Federal Govern-ment telling State and local govern-ments what to do, but now when it comes to something as important as public safety and law enforcement, it is suddenly OK to second guess State and local law enforcement? 
Instead of turning hard-working im-
migrants into bogeymen, we should be focusing on real solutions for violent crime in our communities. If my col-leagues who support this bill are seri-ous about addressing violence in Amer-ica, then they should come to the table 
to talk about how we can strengthen our laws to keep guns out of the hands of criminals and the mentally ill. 
I have been saying, along with many 
of my colleagues for over a year now, if my Republican colleagues want to dis-cuss immigration reform, we welcome that debate. Everyone agrees our im-migration system is broken and needs reform. It has been 28 months since the Senate passed a comprehensive immi-gration bill that had strong bipartisan support. 
Even though it was not perfect from 
my perspective, we nonetheless worked together to come up with a com-promise bill, but House Republicans ducked the issue and refused to take up the immigration reform bill. The Sen-ate comprehensive immigration bill would have reduced the Federal deficit by $1 trillion in just two decades be-cause of the broad economic benefits immigration reform granted. 
It would have protected and united 
families, strengthened our border secu-rity, improved our economy, and en-couraged job creation in our country. The Senate’s bill would have gotten millions of people out of the shadows, requiring them to pass criminal back-ground checks and earn their path to citizenship. It would have let immigra-tion enforcement officials focus on true security threats to our country. 
The Senate’s immigration bill in-
cluded $46 billion in new resources to help our Border Patrol, Immigration and Customs Enforcement agents. Of this amount, roughly $30 billion was added to the bill to further secure our borders, but that is not enough for some Republicans. Apparently, some will not be happy until we literally round up every undocumented immi-grant—some 11 million of them in our country—and deport them, which would be catastrophic to our economy, not to mention impossible to do. The current sanctuary cities debate is not the first time some have tried to use myths about immigrants to scare Americans. This rhetoric could not be further from the truth about immi-grants. 
I urge my colleagues to oppose these 
scare tactics and to vote no on the mo-tion to proceed to S. 2146. 
I yield the floor. RECESS 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate stands in recess until 2:15 p.m. 
Thereupon, the Senate, at 12:48 p.m., 
recessed until 2:15 p.m. and reassem-bled when called to order by the Pre-siding Officer (Mr. C
ORKER ). 
f 
STOP SANCTUARY POLICIES AND 
PROTECT AMERICANS ACT—MO-TION TO PROCEED—Continued 
CLOTURE MOTION  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Pursuant 
to rule XXII, the Chair lays before the Senate the pending cloture motion, which the clerk will state. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  
We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-
ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the mo-tion to proceed to Calendar No. 252, S. 2146, a bill to hold sanctuary jurisdictions ac-countable for defying Federal law, to in-crease penalties for individuals who illegally reenter the United States after being re-moved, and to provide liability protection for State and local law enforcement who co-operate with Federal law enforcement and for other purposes. 
Mitch McConnell, David Vitter, John 
Barrasso, Dan Sullivan, David Perdue, Bill Cassidy, Ron Johnson, Steve Daines, James Lankford, James E. Risch, John Boozman, Mike Lee, Rich-ard C. Shelby, John Cornyn, Jeff Ses-sions, Johnny Isakson, Patrick J. Toomey. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
PORTMAN ). By unanimous consent the 
mandatory quorum call has been waived. 
The question is, Is it the sense of the 
Senate that debate on the motion to proceed to S. 2146, a bill to hold sanc-tuary jurisdictions accountable for defying Federal law, to increase pen-alties for individuals who illegally re-enter the United States after being re-moved, and to provide liability protec-tion for State and local law enforce-ment who cooperate with Federal law enforcement and for other purposes, shall be brought to a close? 
The yeas and nays are mandatory 
under the rule. 
The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk 
called the roll. 
Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator 
is necessarily absent: the Senator from South Carolina (Mr. G
RAHAM ). 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there 
any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? 
The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 54, 
nays 45, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 280 Leg.] 
YEAS—54 
Alexander 
Ayotte Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito 
Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn 
Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Enzi 
Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Lankford 
Lee Manchin McCain McConnell Moran Murkowski Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds 
Rubio Sasse Scott Sessions Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Vitter Wicker 
NAYS—45 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Boxer Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand Heinrich 
Heitkamp Hirono Kaine King Kirk Klobuchar Leahy Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murphy Murray Nelson 
Peters Reed Reid Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—1 
Graham 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this 
vote, the yeas are 54, the nays are 45. 
Three-fifths of the Senators duly cho-
sen and sworn not having voted in the affirmative, the motion is rejected. 
The Senator from Florida. 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT REQUEST —S. 1082 
Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, I don’t 
think any of us in any of the 50 States have not had calls from our constitu-ents about the Veterans’ Administra-tion. I know that certainly in Florida, I have. We are blessed to have so many people who are either in uniform or have served in uniform. 
We make two fundamental promises 
to the men and women who serve our country. The first is that if we ever put 
them into hostility, they will be better equipped, better trained, and have more information than their adver-saries. I, of course, fear that all three of those promises have eroded. 
Here is the second promise we make 
to them: After they take care of us and they come home, we will take care of them. That is a promise that, sadly, is also not being kept. 
There are a lot of different issues we 
can get into when it comes to veterans and what they are facing in this coun-try, but one that has received a lot of attention is the Veterans’ Administra-tion and in particular the role it plays in providing health care for those re-turning or those who have served our country and have been facing chal-lenges ever since. We have all had the phone calls to our office, and we have seen the media reports about it. 
I am proud that last year we were 
able to pass legislation that gave the Secretary of the VA the ability to fire senior executives who weren’t doing their jobs. This is the point—and this is where I always stop and remind ev-eryone there are really good people working in the VA. In fact, the enor-mous majority of people at the VA are good people who care passionately about our veterans. There are some phenomenal VA facilities in this coun-try, and then there are some facilities 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:37 Oct 21, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20OC6.027 S20OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7324 October 20, 2015 
that aren’t working. There are some 
individuals within that agency who, quite frankly, are not doing their jobs well. The problem is that they can’t be held accountable because they are pro-tected by law, and as a result they can’t be removed. 
We expanded that law a year ago to 
include the ability to fire senior execu-tives who weren’t doing their jobs, but to date that has not been used to much effect. So earlier this year we intro-duced followup legislation, and the fol-lowup legislation gives the Secretary of the Department the authority to re-move any employee of Veterans Affairs based on performance—or lack there-of—or misconduct. It gives them the authority to remove such individuals from the civil service or demote the in-dividual through a reduction in grade or annual pay rate. 
I am proud that this bill has gone 
through the process here in the Senate. It has passed out of committee and is now ready for action. I hope we will take action on this. There is a different version in the House. It has also gone through their committees, and they are waiting for their process to move it through. There are some differences be-tween the two, which, of course, would be worked out in conference. 
I think the prudent thing to do at 
this point, given the fact that the Sen-ate bill has worked its way through the process and is now ready for action, is to take action. This is about creating accountability. By the way, this is about taking care of our veterans, but it is also about taking care of the peo-ple at the VA who are doing their jobs. This is also about them. It isn’t fair to them that people who aren’t doing their jobs continue in their positions and in many instances are increasing the workload on others because they are not performing or carrying their weight. 
That is why I ask unanimous consent 
that the Senate proceed to the imme-diate consideration of Calendar No. 272, S. 1082; further, that the committee-re-ported amendments be agreed to, the bill, as amended, be read a third time and passed, and that the motion to re-consider be considered made and laid upon the table. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
The Senator from Connecticut. Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Mr. President, 
reserving the right to object, I respect deeply and in fact support the argu-ments made by my colleague from Florida. There are goals here to be served, and I strongly support them as well. Accountability has been lacking for too long in the Department of Vet-erans Affairs. That is a simple fact on which we can all agree. In fact, we took a major step in the right direction with the passage of the access and account-ability act during the last session with bipartisan support. 
I would support this measure if a 
number of simple changes were made to it to comply with the Constitution. This measure lacks some of the basic 
constitutional guarantees that again and again the Supreme Court of the United States has said are absolutely mandatory. This bill, unfortunately, fails to provide sufficient notice in ad-vance of any firing or disciplinary ac-tion, a statement of cause, a right to be heard, and an opportunity for basic administrative constitutional guaran-tees. 
I commit to work with my colleague 
from Florida on seeking to improve this bill. In fact, I have proposed a measure that is now pending in the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, S. 1856, which will improve the manage-ment of the VA in many of the same ways, but it avoids these constitu-tional pitfalls. 
As a former attorney general, I care 
deeply about enforcement, which is to say effective enforcement. A discipli-nary action now under appeal in the Federal circuit will decide the con-stitutionality of exactly these proce-dures. In the meantime, we ought to avoid creating unnecessary litigation and challenge to a law that should be enforced effectively. This one, unfortu-nately, cannot be. I believe strongly there are measures and ways to achieve greater accountability. It isn’t a lux-ury or convenience; it is a necessity that the VA is held accountable. The more effective way to hold the VA ac-countable is to pass a measure that is fully constitutional and, in addition, provides more effective protection for whistleblowers. They are the ones who come forward speaking truth to power. They are the ones with critical facts necessary for accountability. This measure, unfortunately, fails to afford sufficient protection for those whistle-blowers. Therefore, I object. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-
tion is heard. 
The Senator from Florida. Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, the dif-
ference between this bill and the one in the House is the Whistleblower Protec-tion Act. So if that is the issue the Senator is concerned with, I would ask if the Senator from Connecticut would then be willing not to object, to lift the objection, if we could move forward on the House bill that is now here and ready for us to take up as well because it does contain the whistleblower pro-tection language. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Connecticut. 
Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Mr. President, I 
would be more than willing—indeed, happy—to work with my colleague from Florida on specific language that improves the whistleblower protection language. I think his bill takes a step in the right direction by providing that the Office of Special Counsel provide approval for any disciplinary action. That is a good step, but I believe it could be made more effective. I think the opportunity to be heard with no-tice for cause or discipline or firing is essential to effective enforcement. I share the goal—strongly share it—of making sure that accountability is en-
forced. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Florida. 
Mr. RUBIO. Again, the House version 
of this bill, which is ready for us to take up today, has stronger account-ability language which we do not op-pose. It simply was not included for purposes of time at the committee level. But we are prepared to move now, if we could, because the House version is here and ready for action on our part, and it has the stronger ac-countability language. It sounds as though, no matter what, we are prob-ably going to have a delay here on act-ing on this matter. 
I would say this for people watching 
here in the Gallery or at home or any-where they might see it later—I just want everybody to understand what we are saying here. All we are saying in this bill is that if you work for the VA and you aren’t doing your job, they get to fire you. I think people are shocked that doesn’t actually exist in the en-tire government since there is no other job in the country where, if you don’t do your job, you don’t get fired. But in this instance, we are just limiting it to one agency. This should actually be the rule in the entire government. If you are not doing your job, you should get fired. But this is just limiting it to the VA because we have a crisis there with the lack of accountability. 
I would hope we can move forward on 
this, and I am prepared to listen to anyone who wants to improve this. We went through the normal course and process in the Senate. We went through the committee. It had hearings. Oppor-tunities for amendments were offered at the time. So if there is a good-faith effort—and I believe that there is— then let’s improve this and take action on it. We need to have a VA that is more interested in the welfare and se-curity of our veterans than the job se-curity of Federal employees. 
I said at the outset that there are 
really good people at the VA. The vast majority of employees at the VA are doing their jobs and doing them well. They care about these veterans. It isn’t fair to them that there are people on the payroll taking up seats, taking up slots, taking up money, and taking up time who aren’t doing their jobs, and they literally cannot be fired. They lit-erally cannot be removed. It is a near impossibility. The process is so expen-sive, so long, so troublesome, so com-
plicated that in essence they cannot be removed. 
Unfortunately, we will not be able to 
move forward on this today, it appears, but I hope that in quick succession we will be able to come together and get this done to provide a higher level of accountability that is so necessary in every agency of government but none more so than Veterans Affairs. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Connecticut. 
Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Mr. President, 
one last word. I want to simply concur 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:37 Oct 21, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20OC6.032 S20OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7325 October 20, 2015 
in the very powerful and eloquent 
statements made by my colleague from Florida. I think we all share those sen-timents in this body that—and I am quoting now from legislation: Any em-ployee who engages in malfeasance, overprescription of medication, insub-ordination, violation of any duty of care should be disciplined and very pos-sibly fired. 
We are talking about the process to 
achieve that end. I can commit that I will work with my colleague from Flor-ida to make sure this body approves a measure that is effective as a deterrent to those kinds of violations of basic duty. To be effective as a deterrent, it has to be enforceable, and that is our common goal here. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Texas. 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, a few 
moments ago the Senate refused to move forward on an important piece of legislation, sometimes called the sanc-tuary cities bill. I want to explain for whoever may be listening and particu-larly for my colleagues what a terrible mistake our Democratic colleagues made—with the exception of two—by voting to block consideration of this piece of legislation. 
What this bill would do is withhold 
Federal funds from jurisdictions that basically violate current law—that vio-late the information-sharing require-ment in immigration law, Section 642 of the 1996 Illegal Immigration Reform and Immigrant Responsibility Act. Secondly, it would withhold Federal funds from those jurisdictions that refuse to honor the lawful, legal proc-ess known as the detainer, or request to notify Federal authorities if local law enforcement decides to release an illegal immigrant who happens to have been arrested for some other unrelated reason. 
This is a truly important issue. As we 
have seen from the news, Kate Steinle out in California was killed by some-body who had repeatedly violated our laws not only by entering the country illegally but also by committing of-fenses against the persons and property of American citizens. Essentially what happens is when local jurisdictions give up and refuse to honor the detainers or give notice to Federal authorities be-fore they release individuals, then peo-ple are going to get hurt. The Kate Steinles of the world will get killed. 
In my State of Texas, we have had 
Houston police officers and other law enforcement personnel killed by illegal immigrants who have routinely broken our laws and have terrible criminal records. But if we can’t get the co-operation of local law enforcement au-thorities to work with the Federal au-thorities, then unfortunately public safety will be harmed. 
I am going to pull back a little bit 
and ask my colleagues to look at this perhaps from 30,000 feet. There is a rea-son at the time our Constitution was written that article VI, clause 2 simply said the Federal law is the supreme law of the land. In other words, Federal 
laws trump State laws and local laws. 
If we think about it, as James Madi-
son said, if we didn’t have Federal law as the supreme law of the land, essen-tially the authority of the whole coun-try—the elected officials, the Presi-dent, the Congress, those serving in the Federal Government—the laws of the country would be made subordinate to the parts of the country—the cities, the counties, the States—that essen-tially defy Federal law, and our system would be in chaos. 
Indeed, what our colleagues across 
the aisle appear to have ratified here is not one Nation under the law, but a confederation of different jurisdictions that can pick and choose what laws they want to comply with. That is a recipe for chaos. 
One of the reasons I think the Amer-
ican people are so angry with what they see happening in Washington these days—indeed, I think they have moved beyond anger to fear. They are fearful for the future of our country. When we see individual cities and States effectively nullify Federal law by refusing to cooperate or saying: We don’t care what the Federal Govern-ment says; we are going to impose our own will, this is a recipe for chaos and for the very fabric of our country to unravel. 
At different points in our Nation’s 
history we have had States which said: We aren’t going to respect Federal law; we are going to nullify it, in effect. That is what these cities that defy the Federal authorities and the supremacy of Federal law are doing. They are say-ing we don’t have to comply with the law, and so the American people—I think out of apprehension over what they see happening here when States, cities, and other jurisdictions decide to pick and choose which laws will apply—realize this is a recipe for dis-unity and, in this case, for danger. 
The people whom we are fighting for 
are families and communities that want to live in peace and safety in their local communities. That is what this legislation is about. This legisla-tion, of course, is called Stop Sanc-tuary Policies and Protect Americans Act. All it does, simply stated, is to re-store law and order across the country and to hold certain cities that want to defy Federal law accountable. It would limit Federal funding for State and local governments that refuse to co-operate. Basically, the Stop Sanctuary Policies and Protect Americans Act en-courages compliance with Federal law, as I said a moment ago, and uses the power of the purse to withhold Federal funds from those jurisdictions that refuse to cooperate with the Federal law. The goal, as I said, is to protect our communities from those who would pose a danger to our society. It does not target legal immigrants who seek to live a law-abiding and productive life here. 
Frankly, I do not understand the 
Democrats’—with the exception of two who voted to get on this legislation 
and offer amendments and constructive suggestions—refusal to move this legis-lation forward, because it harms the public safety and it causes our country to become a confederation of different jurisdictions that can pick and choose which laws they want to enforce. 
I mentioned one terrible incident 
over the summer, the murder of Kate Steinle in San Francisco by an illegal immigrant with a known and lengthy criminal record. This is just one exam-ple. This sad story poignantly dem-onstrates the consequences of the ad-ministration’s abject failure when it comes to enforcing our immigration laws. People get hurt. People get killed. This legislation would address the root cause of this tragedy by tar-geting criminal aliens and those local entities that refuse to do anything to help the Kate Steinles of the world, and it would specifically serve to counter the policies of those city gov-ernments, such as San Francisco, that are known to shield criminal aliens from deportation. They openly defy the 1996 Federal law that requires informa-tion sharing. They openly refuse to co-operate with Federal orders and detain-ers and to notify the Federal Govern-ment when people are released from their jail sentence even though they know there is an outstanding deporta-tion order pending. 
This bill also extends the mandatory 
minimum sentence for those who at-tempt to reenter the country after being removed for breaking our laws. Time and again we are met with the tragic news of some other American citizen who was killed, injured or as-saulted by somebody who has reentered the country, after being removed for violating our laws, and keeps coming back and committing other criminal acts. 
We need to send a clear signal to 
those who attempt to enter our coun-try illegally and violate and ignore our laws that they will have to answer for them and certainly will not be allowed to come back. 
Some have rightly noted that this 
bill is not about immigration reform, and I agree. This bill is simply about enforcing our current law and holding those jurisdictions that refuse to com-ply with current law accountable by withholding Federal funds. 
This legislation underscores the con-
cept that, unbelievably, has been lost among municipalities across the coun-try. Despite what the current adminis-tration might have us think, upholding the Federal law is not a suggestion. It is a legal requirement for all of us. We can’t, in good faith, ask the American people to trust us when it comes to re-forming our broken immigration sys-tem until they see us willing to stand up and enforce the laws that are cur-rently on the books and hold those ju-risdictions, municipalities, States, and other local entities that refuse to com-ply with Federal law accountable. That 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:37 Oct 21, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20OC6.034 S20OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7326 October 20, 2015 
is why organizations such as the Na-
tional Sheriffs’ Association and the Na-tional Association of Police Organiza-tions have voiced their support for this legislation. 
To sum up, the Stop Sanctuary Poli-
cies and Protect Americans Act really serves as a confidence-building exercise for Congress. If the American people don’t see us actually stepping up and demanding that local jurisdictions en-force current law, how can they expect us to pass complex immigration reform legislation to address our broken im-migration system? Unfortunately, in this confidence-building exercise, the Senate, led by our colleagues across the aisle, has failed in that confidence- building exercise. What they have done is to reinforce the belief that there are Members of the Senate who believe that local jurisdictions can openly defy Federal law and there will be no re-course and no accountability. 
Frankly, it is hard for me to under-
stand how our Democratic colleagues can, in good conscience, block this leg-islation, given some of the horrific crimes that have occurred, such as the crime that was committed against Kate Steinle in San Francisco. There are many, many, many tragic examples of this happening over and over in our country. This was our opportunity to do something about it, but unfortu-nately, for reasons unbeknownst to me, our Democratic colleagues will not even allow us to pass a bill which will hold jurisdictions that refuse to en-force current Federal law accountable. 
I yield the floor. Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Mr. President, I 
suggest the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
L
ANKFORD ). The clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, this week 
we have been discussing and taking up legislation to address the problem of sanctuary cities. In fact, just earlier today, we had a procedural vote on a motion to proceed to actually get on the bill. It failed. It only had 54 votes. The threshold in the Senate to get on a 
bill is 60 votes. Democrats here in the Senate decided to block consideration of this bill and to have that 60-vote threshold in play, and as a con-sequence, it failed. We had 54 votes. I think only two Democratic Senators voted to proceed to this legislation, and I would argue that is very unfortu-nate because this is a piece of legisla-tion which represents common sense and what I think the American people want us to be focused on when it comes to the issue of dealing with crime in our communities and illegal immigra-tion in a way that ensures that those who come to this country and commit crimes aren’t allowed to stay here. 
According to the Department of 
Homeland Security, there are 334 juris-dictions across our country right now 
that have official policies discouraging cooperation with Federal immigration enforcement officers. Among other things, that means these jurisdictions regularly ignore what are called de-tainers, requests from the Department of Homeland Security to hold an indi-vidual for deportation. As a city pre-pares to release an illegal immigrant who has been convicted of or charged with a crime, the Department of Home-land Security will send a detainer ask-ing that the individual be held for a brief period—usually 48 hours—until Federal immigration officers can take custody. 
In a majority of the cities across the 
country, law enforcement would simply comply with this request and hold the individual until the Department of Homeland Security can arrive, but in sanctuary cities officials regularly ig-nore these requests and simply release these individuals from jail and back into the population at large—a practice that has resulted in the release of ap-proximately 1,000 undocumented crimi-nals per month. According to informa-tion from U.S. Immigration and Cus-toms Enforcement, 9,295 imprisoned in-dividuals whom Federal officials sought to deport were released into the population between January 1 and Sep-tember 30 of last year. They released 9,295 imprisoned individuals in just 9 months. Of those 9,295 individuals, 5,947, or 62 percent, had a significant prior criminal history or presented a threat to public safety even before the arrest that preceded their release, and many went on to be arrested again within a short period of time. 
There is a terrible human cost to 
sanctuary cities’ decision to refuse to cooperate with U.S. immigration law. There has been a lot of discussion on the floor about Kate Steinle. Kate Steinle paid that cost when she was murdered on a San Francisco pier while walking with her father on July 1, 2015. She was shot by an undocu-mented immigrant who had been con-victed of no fewer than seven felonies— seven felonies—prior to the decision of the city of San Francisco to ignore a request from the Department of Home-land Security and then go on and re-lease this man into the population. 
Unfortunately, Kate Steinle is not 
alone. Marilyn Pharis of Santa Maria, CA, was raped and then bludgeoned by an undocumented immigrant who had previously been arrested for battery but had been released after the local sheriff’s office decided to ignore a re-quest to detain him until he could be taken into Federal custody. 
A 2-year-old California girl—a 2-year- 
old—was brutally beaten by her moth-er’s boyfriend, an undocumented immi-grant with felony drug and drunk driv-ing convictions, who was released on bail after the crime despite a request from Federal officials that he be de-tained. 
In 2011, Dennis McCann was killed 
when he was hit and dragged by a car driven by a drunk driver with a blood 
alcohol content nearly four times the legal limit. His killer turned out to be Saul Chavez, an undocumented immi-grant with a prior drunk driving con-viction. After Dennis McCann’s death, the Department of Homeland Security filed a request asking that Immigra-tion and Customs Enforcement be noti-fied if Chavez was scheduled to be re-leased. Cook County, however, chose to ignore this request, and after being re-leased on bail, Dennis’s killer appar-ently fled the country. Four years later, Dennis’s family is still waiting to see justice done. 
Unfortunately, I could go on and on. 
Decisions to release undocumented im-migrants convicted of crimes, instead 
of detaining them for Federal officials, have resulted in far too many tragedies like those of Marilyn Pharis and Kate Steinle, and too many families in this country are mourning as a result. 
Cooperation between local and Fed-
eral law enforcement is essential to protecting Americans, and detainer re-quests from the Department of Home-land Security are a key tool that helps Federal officials make sure dangerous individuals are not going back onto our Nation’s streets. 
When cities and counties ignore these 
requests, they force immigration offi-cers to attempt to track down undocu-mented criminals after they have been released into the community. Accord-ing to the Center for Immigration Studies, this requires an exponentially larger expenditure of funds and man-power and success is not guaranteed. Immigration and Customs Enforcement needs the support of cities and local law enforcement if it is going to keep these individuals off our Nation’s streets. 
The legislation we have been dis-
cussing today would take a substantial step forward toward handling the threat posed by sanctuary cities. The Stop Sanctuary Policies and Protect Americans Act, which has strong sup-port from law enforcement organiza-tions and victims’ families, will with-hold Federal funds under three grant programs and redirect those funds to jurisdictions that comply with Federal immigration laws. It will also provide crucial legal protections to law en-forcement officers that will allow them to cooperate with Federal immigration authorities without the fear of law-suits. 
This act also incorporates provisions 
known as Kate’s Law, named after Kate Steinle. These provisions would increase the maximum penalty for ille-gally reentering the United States after being deported and create a max-imum penalty of 10 years for reentering the country illegally after being de-ported three or more times. Kate’s Law would also create a mandatory min-imum sentence of 5 years for those re-entering the country after having been convicted of an aggravated felony prior to deportation or for those who reenter the country after two previous convic-tions for illegal reentry. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:37 Oct 21, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20OC6.036 S20OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7327 October 20, 2015 
What happened to Kate Steinle on 
that pier in San Francisco should never have happened. It likely could have been prevented if San Francisco had chosen to respect the Department of 
Homeland Security’s request to hold her killer until immigration officers could pick him up. 
I hope the stop sanctuary policies act 
will move forward in the Senate so we will be able to send a version of this legislation to the President. It is time we started ensuring that dangerous criminals like Kate Steinle’s killer don’t end up back on the streets. We have that opportunity today. We ought to vote to move to this bill. 
What is truly remarkable and amaz-
ing is that we couldn’t even get on the bill to debate it. It was blocked by our colleagues on the other side who pre-vented even proceeding to the bill—a motion to proceed, which takes 60 votes in the Senate. It would have been very easy to get on the bill and at least have that debate. If they didn’t like the provisions in the bill, they would have an opportunity to amend it and discuss the bill as we should be doing in the Senate, but instead the Demo-cratic Senators chose to block the con-sideration, even the very consideration of legislation that would go to great lengths to try and prevent the types of tragedies we witnessed this last sum-mer with Kate Steinle and so many others who have fallen prey to acts of violence by those who are here ille-gally and have prior experience with the law, prior convictions, and who are clear dangers to people and families all across this country. 
It is a tragedy we weren’t able to get 
on the bill. I hope our Democratic col-leagues will change their minds and allow us to proceed to this legislation, to debate it, to vote on it, to pass it, and to send it to the President for his signature. 
CYBERSECURITY INFORMATION SHARING BILL  
Mr. President, I also wish to speak in 
support of S. 754, which I think we will be discussing momentarily, the Cyber-security Information Sharing Act, or what is referred to as CISA, which the Senate is going to be debating this week. I commend Chairman B
URR and 
Vice Chairman F EINSTEIN for their bi-
partisan work to bring this bill to the floor. 
It seems that every week we learn of 
another serious cyber attack against U.S. businesses and government agen-cies. The most devastating recent at-tack is the one against the Office of Personnel Management that com-promised the background check infor-mation of more than 21 million Ameri-cans. The pace of such attacks appears to be accelerating. According to the se-curity firm Symantec, last year alone, more than 300 million new types of ma-licious software or computer viruses were introduced on the Web or nearly, if my colleagues can believe this, 1 mil-lion new threats each and every day. 
Just last month, Director of National 
Intelligence James Clapper testified before the House Intelligence Com-
mittee that ‘‘cyber threats to U.S. na-tional and economic security are in-creasing in frequency, scale, sophis-tication, and severity of impact.’’ 
From my position as head of the Sen-
ate commerce committee, I have pro-moted the great potential of the emerging Internet of Things—which promises to yield improvements in con-venience, efficiency, and safety by con-necting everyday products to the Web—but I have also held several hear-ings on the cyber security risks and challenges that accompany an increas-ingly connected world. By increasing the sharing of cyber threat information between and among the private and public sectors, the bill would authorize the voluntary sharing of cyber threat information and would provide com-monsense liability protections for com-panies that share such information with the government or their peers, when they abide by the bill’s require-ments. The goal is to help companies and the government better protect their networks from malicious cyber attacks by sharing information about those threats earlier and more broadly. 
Similar bipartisan legislation was re-
ported by the Senate Intelligence Com-mittee last year that was never consid-ered by the Democratic-controlled Sen-ate at the time. This year the Intel-ligence Committee passed a bill by a bipartisan vote of 14 to 1, which should portend a strong bipartisan vote on the floor of the Senate. 
The House of Representatives has 
also passed two bills to facilitate the sharing of cyber threats, so we are now within striking distance of finally en-acting critical cyber security informa-tion-sharing legislation after several false starts in recent years. 
I know some have questioned wheth-
er this bill provides appropriate protec-tions for personal privacy and civil lib-erties. I appreciate these concerns, and I believe the bill’s sponsors have mean-ingfully addressed them, including through modifications to be included in a managers’ amendment. 
This bill is not a surveillance bill. 
Among other things, the modified bill would limit the sharing of information to that defined as ‘‘cyber threat indica-tors’’ and ‘‘defensive measures’’ taken to detect, prevent or mitigate cyber se-curity threats. 
The bill also requires private sector 
and Federal entities to remove person-ally identifiable information prior to sharing threat indicators, and the Fed-eral Government can only use the cyber threat information it receives for cyber security purposes and to address a narrow set of crimes, such as the sex-ual exploitation of children. 
The bill also requires regular over-
sight of the government’s sharing ac-tivities by the Privacy and Civil Lib-erties Oversight Board created after 9/11 and by relevant agency inspectors general. 
In the end, it is important to remem-
ber that CISA is about cyber threats— like the malware being used by crimi-
nals in hostile states—not personal in-formation. Meanwhile, failing to enact this bill could actually make it easier for criminals in rogue states to con-tinue collecting our personal informa-tion from vulnerable systems. 
Let me be clear. This is not a silver 
bullet and it will not render cyberspace completely safe—no bill can do that— but CISA is an important piece of the ongoing effort to improve our cyber se-curity. 
Late last year, after a decade with-
out passing major cyber security legis-lation, Congress enacted five cyber se-curity laws that target other pieces of the cyber puzzle. I coauthored one of these—the Cybersecurity Enhancement Act—with former Senator Jay Rocke-feller. This law ensures the continu-ation of a voluntary and private sector- led process at the Commerce Depart-ment’s National Institute of Standards and Technology, or what we refer to as NIST, to identify best practices to pro-tect our Nation’s critical infrastruc-ture from cyber threats. The Cyberse-curity Enhancement Act also promotes 
cutting-edge research, public aware-ness of cyber security risks, and im-provements in our cyber security work-force. 
CISA will work together with this 
new law and others to ensure that busi-nesses have timely warning about cur-rent threats so they can better protect themselves—and all of us—from cyber attacks. It does so in a manner that protects individual privacy and avoids government mandates. 
I look forward to the coming debate 
on the bill—including a healthy consid-eration of amendments—and I urge my colleagues to join the bipartisan spon-sors and a broad coalition of stake-holders around this country in sup-porting this much needed legislation. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Oregon. 
Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, since we 
are still on the sanctuaries bill, before we turn to the cyber legislation, I ask unanimous consent that I be allowed to address the Senate after Chairman B
URR has completed his remarks and 
after Ranking Member F EINSTEIN has 
completed her remarks. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from North Carolina. 
Mr. BURR. Mr. President, we are 
quickly moving to a point where I think the majority leader will come to the floor and will call up the cyber se-curity bill. 
Let me remind my colleagues that we 
have been on the floor briefly before, and the conclusion then was that we agreed to a unanimous consent request that made in order 22 amendments. It was not a limiting UC. So there is the opportunity for additional amendments to come to the floor. 
As we start, I say to my colleagues 
that if we have a level of cooperation 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:37 Oct 21, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20OC6.038 S20OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7328 October 20, 2015 
by the Members—if in fact they come, 
debate, and vote on amendments—we can resolve this in literally a matter of a couple of days. If people want to try to obstruct, then it is going to be a lengthy process procedurally. 
I don’t think there is a lot new that 
we are going to learn. What is the fact? The fact is that actors around the world continue to attack U.S. systems and, in many cases, penetrate them: Sony Films, Anthem Health, OPM. 
The Presiding Officer, as a member of 
our committee, knows that the amount of personal data that is being accumu-lated out there somewhere provides al-most a roadmap to everything about anybody. What we are attempting to do with this cyber bill I want the Amer-ican people to understand: This is not to prevent cyber attacks. I would love to figure out technologically how we do it. Nobody has been able to do it. What this is designed to do is to minimize the data that is lost, to minimize the personal information that an indi-vidual gleans out of going into a data-base and pulling out that information. 
The vice chairman and I have worked 
with other members of the committee to report a bill out of the committee on a 14-to-1 vote. We are now almost 3 months behind the House of Represent-atives, which has passed two bills that we desperately need to get out of the Senate in a piece of legislation that we could conference with the House of Representatives. In a conversation just this morning that I had with the White House, they are supportive of this bill getting out of the Senate and having the bill on the President’s desk so that he could sign it into law and we could have this in place. 
Let me make some overall points on 
the cyber bill. One, most importantly, it is voluntary. Any business in Amer-ica can choose to participate or not to participate. They can tell the Federal Government that they have been pene-trated. They can provide the appro-priate data for us to begin the forensics and to tell them in real time: Here is a defensive software package you can put on your system that will make it im-mune from that tool again. But more importantly, it might minimize the amount of data that is lost and cer-tainly would allow the government to then broadcast to business more wide-ly: Here is the tool that is being used today and here is the defensive mecha-nism to keep other businesses from having the same penetration and data loss. 
Now, it is important that I say that 
when we started there were 22 amend-ments that were placed in order. I am proud to tell my colleagues that we have worked out eight of those amend-ments. They will be incorporated in a managers’ amendment that will also have an additional six amendments that we think strengthen the concerns that have been expressed about pri-vacy. They also address certain areas of cross-jurisdiction, such as the De-partment of Homeland Security. We now have those chairmen and those 
ranking members fully on board in sup-port of this legislation. Now we have to go through the process. At the root of this is moving forward a piece of legis-lation on cyber that is a voluntary piece of legislation by companies. 
I mentioned real time. I know the 
Presiding Officer has heard this in committee. If we can’t promise real time, we can’t promise to anybody who is willing to provide the data that we can actually stop or minimize data loss. So it is absolutely crucial that this all function in real time. To have a voluntary program that involves real time transfer of information means that there have to be incentives for that to be done. 
Let me just point out two things. For 
a company to talk to a competitor after they have been attacked and pen-etrated, we provide antitrust protec-tion to them to talk directly to that competitor as fast as they possibly can to find out whether we have multiple systems that are at risk. For the com-pany to report to the Federal Govern-ment we provide liability protection just for the transfer of that informa-tion. As Members read the bill, they will see that statutorily we don’t allow personal data that is unrelated to the forensics—needed to identify who did the attack, with what type of a tool, and what the defensive mechanism is— that statutorily cannot be transferred from a private company to the govern-ment. Additionally, we say to every Federal agency that might receive in real time this data that if there is per-sonal data that is transmitted from a company to the Federal Government, you cannot distribute personal data. 
I am not sure how it gets stronger 
than where we are, but I have come to this conclusion after working on this legislation for this entire year—and the vice chairman has worked on it for multiple years: There are some people who don’t want legislation. We have met with every person who had a good thought—legislation that would send us in a positive direction but still em-brace the policy found in this legisla-tion. It is limited, but there are some who we can’t in fact satisfy. 
So let me say this to those compa-
nies that have expressed opposition to this piece of legislation. It is really clear. Choose not to participate. It is voluntary. To those companies that find no value in it, if you have an aver-sion to what we have written, don’t participate—even though a majority of businesses in America are actually calling my office and the vice chair-man’s office saying: When are we going to get this done? We need this. We need it. 
It is that simple. That is the beauty 
of it being voluntary. Voluntary also means that the U.S. Chamber of Com-merce is 100 percent supportive of this legislation. Now we never have full agreement from a membership of an as-sociation, but it takes a majority—in fact, it takes well over a majority—for an organization such as that to come 
out publicly supporting it. So I say very boldly, if you don’t like the piece of legislation, it is real easy: You just don’t participate in it. 
Some have called this a surveillance 
bill. Let me just knock that down real quick. First, this bill requires private companies and the government to eliminate any irrelevant personal, identifiable information before sharing cyber threat indicators or defensive measures. Second, this bill does not allow the government to monitor pri-vate networks or computers. Third, this bill does not allow the government to shut down Web sites or require com-panies to turn over personal informa-tion. Fourth, this bill does not permit 
the government to retain or use cyber threat information for anything other than cyber security purposes, identi-fying the cyber security threat, pro-tecting individuals from death or seri-ous bodily or economic harm, and pro-tecting minors or investigating limited cyber crime offenses. Fifth, it provides rigorous oversight and requires a peri-odic interagency inspector general re-port to assess whether the government has violated any of the requirements found in this act. The report would also assess any impact this bill may have on privacy and civil liberties. 
Finally, our managers’ amendment 
has incorporated additional provisions that enhance privacy protection. First, our managers’ amendment omitted the government’s ability to use cyber in-formation to investigate or prosecute serious violent felonies. 
Personally, I thought that was a 
pretty good thing. I can understand where it is outside of the scope of a cyber bill, but information about a fel-ony that you learned in this I thought was something the American people would want us to act on. Individuals raised issues on it. We dropped it out of the bill. 
Secondly, our managers’ amendment 
limited cyber threat information shar-ing authorities to those that are shared for cyber security purposes. In other words, it is only for cyber security pur-poses. 
Both of these changes ensure that 
nothing in our bill reaches beyond the focused cyber security threats that it intends to prevent and deter. Nothing in this bill creates any potential for surveillance authorities. Despite ru-mors to the contrary, CISA’s voluntary cyber threat indicator sharing authori-ties do not provide in any way for the government to spy on or use library and book records, gun sales, tax records, educational records or medical records. Given that cyber hackers have hacked into and stolen so much pub-licly disclosed private, personal infor-mation, it is astounding that privacy groups would oppose a bill that has nothing to do with surveillance and seeks to protect their private informa-tion from being stolen. I guess that has been the most troubling aspect of the road we have traveled—that we are try-ing to protect personal data, and yet 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:37 Oct 21, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20OC6.039 S20OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7329 October 20, 2015 
the groups that say they are the stew-
ards of personal data are the ones that, in fact, are the most vocal on this. 
CISA ensures the government cannot 
install, employ or otherwise use cyber security systems on private sector net-works. No one can hack back into a company computer system even if their purpose is to protest against or quash cyber attacks. 
The government cannot retain or use 
cyber threat information for anything other than cyber security purposes; preventing, investigating, disrupting or prosecuting limited cyber crimes; pro-tecting minors; and protecting individ-uals from death or serious bodily or economic harm. The government can-not use cyber threat information in regulatory proceedings. 
That is what we are here talking 
about. This is voluntary and it is tar-geted at minimizing data loss. It is tar-geted at trying to protect the personal data of the American people found in every database in every company around the world. 
Mr. President, I am going to turn to 
my vice chairman as we get ready for Senator W
YDEN to make remarks and 
for leader M CCONNELL to come to the 
floor. 
I would put Members on notice once 
again. It is our intent to have some opening comments, to actually make the managers’ amendment pending, to make those amendments that were part of the unanimous consent agree-ment but not worked out as part of the managers’ package pending. 
I encourage those Members who have 
authorship of those pending amend-ments to come and debate them, and we will schedule a vote for them. If you have additional amendments, come and offer those amendments and we will start debate on it. It is our goal, with the cooperation of Members, to work expeditiously through all of the amend-ments one wants to consider and to dis-pose of them and to finalize cyber secu-rity legislation in the Senate so we can move to the House and conference a bill. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from California. 
Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Mr. President, I 
want to begin by saying that I very much agree with what Chairman B
URR 
has just stated. It is factual. It is the truth. 
For me, I have worked on this issue 
for 7 years now. And this is actually the third bill that we have tried to move. 
I want to thank the two leaders for 
bringing the bill to the floor, and I hope it can be considered quickly. 
Up front I want to make clear, if it 
hasn’t been made clear, that this legis-lation is a first step only to improve our Nation’s defenses against cyber at-tack and cyber intrusion. It is not a panacea, and it will not end our vulner-abilities. But it is the most effective first legislative step we believe that we can take. This legislation is about providing 
legal clarity and legal protection so that companies can share cyber threat information voluntarily with each other and with the government. It pro-vides companies the protections they need and puts strong privacy rules in place. 
At the beginning of this debate, I 
think it is important to talk about the depth and breadth of the cyber threat we actually face every day, because rarely does a month go by without the announcement of a significant cyber attack or intrusion on an American company or an agency of the U.S. Gov-ernment. These attacks compromise sensitive personal information, intel-lectual property or both. 
Just in the last year, major banks, 
health insurers, tech companies, and retailers have seen tens of millions of their customers’ sensitive data stolen through cyber means. In 2014 the Inter-net security company Symantec re-ported that over 348 million identities were exposed through data breaches. Threats in cyber space do not just risk the personal data of Americans. They are a significant and growing drain on our economy as malicious actors steal our money, rob companies of intellec-tual property, and threaten our ability to innovate. 
The cyber security company McAfee 
and the think tank Center for Stra-tegic and International Studies esti-mated last year that the cost of cyber crime is more than $400 billion annu-ally. The same study stated that losses from cyber theft could cost the United States as many as 200,000 jobs. These are not theoretical risks; they are hap-pening today and every day. 
As we know all too well in the wake 
of cyber intrusions at the Office of Per-sonnel Management, cyber threats are not only aimed against the private sec-tor. They are also aimed against the public sector. Every day, foreign na-tion-states and cyber criminals scour U.S. Government systems and our de-fense industrial base for information on government programs and per-sonnel—every single day. 
More than 22 million government em-
ployees and security clearance appli-cants had massive amounts of personal information stolen from the Office of Personnel Management, reportedly taken by China. These employees now face increased risk of theft and fraud, and also their information could be used for intelligence operations against them and the United States. 
As bad as this is—and it is bad—we 
have seen in the last few years an ac-celeration of an even more concerning trend, that of cyber attack instead of just cyber theft. In 2012 major U.S. fi-nancial institutions saw an unprece-dented wave of denial-of-service at-tacks on their systems. 
Saudi Aramco—reported to be the 
world’s largest oil and gas company— was the victim of a cyber attack that wiped out a reported three-quarters of its corporate computers. In 2013 we saw further escalations of these threats as 
waves of denial-of-service attacks were aimed at some of our largest banks. In early 2014 Iran launched a cyber attack on the Sands Casino which, according to the public testimony of the Director of National Intelligence, James Clap-per, rendered thousands of computer systems inoperable. Last November we saw one of the most publicized cyber attacks when North Korean attacks broke into Sony Pictures Entertain-ment, stole vast amounts of sensitive and personal data, and destroyed the company’s internal network. 
These breaches of personal informa-
tion and loss of intellectual property and destructive attacks continue on-line every day. It is only a matter of time before America’s critical infra-structure—major banks, the electric grid, dams, waterways, the air traffic control system, and others—is targeted for a cyber attack that could seriously affect hundreds of thousands of lives. 
Clearly it is well beyond the time to 
act. There is no legislative or adminis-trative step we can take that will end cyber crimes and cyber warfare. How-ever, since the Intelligence Committee began looking seriously at this in 2008, we have heard consistently that im-proving the exchange of information about cyber threats and cyber vulnera-bilities can yield a real and significant improvement to U.S. cyber security. That is why this bill is the top cyber legislative priority for the Congress, the Obama administration, and the business community. 
I have heard directly from dozens of 
corporate executives about the impor-tance of cyber security legislation, as have the Intelligence Committee staff in hundreds of meetings over the course of years in drafting this legisla-tion. As Chairman B
URR has said, not 
only has the U.S. Chamber of Com-merce called for this legislation but so have dozens—specifically 52—of indus-try groups representing some of the largest sectors of our economy. On the floor in early August, I listed 40 asso-ciations that have written in support of the legislation. Today there are 52. 
I ask unanimous consent that the list 
of supporters of this bill be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
CYBERSECURITY INFORMATION SHARING ACT 
ENDORSEMENTS  
Agricultural Retailers Association, Air-
lines for America, Alliance of Automobile Manufacturers, American Bankers Associa-tion, American Cable Association, American Chemistry Council, American Coatings Asso-ciation, American Fuel & Petrochemical Manufacturers, American Gaming Associa-tion, American Gas Association, American Insurance Association American Petroleum Institute. 
American Public Power Association, Amer-
ican Water Works Association, ASIS Inter-national, Association of American Railroads, Association of Metropolitan Water Agencies, BITS—Financial Services Roundtable, Col-lege of Healthcare Information Management, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:37 Oct 21, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20OC6.040 S20OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7330 October 20, 2015 
Computing Technology Industry Associa-
tion, Executives Computing Technology In-dustry Association, Edison Electric Insti-tute, Electronic Payments Coalition, Elec-tronic Transactions Association, Federation of American Hospitals, Food Marketing In-stitute. 
Global Automakers, GridWise Alliance, 
Healthcare Information and Management Systems Society, Health Information Trust Alliance, Large Public Power Council, Na-tional Association of Chemical Distributors, National Association of Manufacturers, Na-tional Association of Mutual Insurance Com-panies, National Association of Water Com-panies, National Business Coalition on e- Commerce & Privacy, National Cable & Tele-communications Association, National Re-tail Federation. 
National Rural Electric Cooperative Asso-
ciation, Property Casualty Insurers Associa-tion of America, Real Estate Roundtable, Retail Industry Leaders Association, Rural Broadband Association, Security Industry Association, Software & Information Indus-try Association, Society of Chemical Manu-facturers & Affiliates, Telecommunications Industry Association, Transmission Access Policy Study Group, United States Telecom Association, U.S. Chamber of Commerce, Utilities Telecom Council, Wireless Associa-tion. 
Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Mr. President, re-
grettably this is the third attempt to pass a cyber security information shar-ing bill in recent years. In 2012 the Lie-berman-Collins Cybersecurity Act of 2012 was on the floor. It included a title on information sharing which the In-telligence Committee helped produce. It was an important piece of legisla-tion, but it only received one Repub-lican vote. 
Last Congress, then-vice chairman of 
the Intelligence Committee Saxby Chambliss and I set out to draft a nar-rower bill just on information sharing in the hopes of attracting bipartisan support. The Intelligence Committee approved a bill in 2014 by a strong bi-partisan vote of 12 to 3, but it never reached the Senate floor due to privacy concerns. So this is the third try. 
I am very pleased that Chairman 
B
URR and I now have the opportunity 
to bring a bill to the floor that both sides can and should support. This bill is bipartisan. It is narrowly focused. It puts in place a number of privacy pro-tections, many of which we will outline shortly. I believe the bipartisan vote of 14 to 1 in the Senate Intelligence Com-mittee in March underscores this fact. I would like to commend Senator B
URR’s leadership and his willingness 
to negotiate a bipartisan bill with me that can and should—and I hope will— receive a strong vote in the Senate. Let me take a few minutes to describe the main features of the bill and its pri-vacy protections. 
In short, it does the following five 
things: 
First, the bill recognizes that the 
Federal Government has information about cyber threats that it can and should share with the private sector and with State, local, and tribal gov-ernments. The bill requires the Direc-tor of National Intelligence to put in place a process to increase the sharing of information on cyber threats al-
ready in the government’s hands with the private sector to help protect an individual or a business. So that is the sharing between the government and the private sector. This includes shar-ing classified data with those with se-curity clearances and an appropriate need to know but also requires the DNI to set up a process to declassify more information to help all companies se-cure their networks. We have heard over and over again from companies that the information they get from the government today is not sufficient. That needs to change. 
Second, the bill provides clear au-
thorization for private sector entities to take appropriate actions. That in-cludes an authorization for a company to monitor its networks or information on its networks for cyber security pur-poses only. No other type of moni-toring is permitted, nor is the use of information acquired through such monitoring allowed for purposes other than cyber security. 
There is also an authorization for a 
company to implement a defensive measure on its network to detect, pre-vent, or mitigate a cyber threat. This authorization by definition does not authorize a defensive measure that de-stroys, renders unusable, or substan-tially harms a computer system or in-formation on someone else’s network. This is an important point. There has been concern that the bill would immu-nize a company for damage it might cause to other people’s networks. The managers’ amendment makes clear that the authorization in this bill al-lows companies to block malicious traffic coming from outside their net-work and stop threats on their systems but not conduct offensive activities or otherwise have substantial effects off their networks. 
Finally, there is an authorization for 
companies to share limited cyber threat information or defensive meas-ures with other companies or with gov-ernment agencies. It does not authorize sharing anything other than cyber in-formation. In a critical change, the managers’ amendment states that sharing is for cyber security purposes only. So this really is a very limited authorization. 
It is important to note that while 
these activities are authorized, they are not mandatory. Information shar-ing, monitoring, and use of defensive measures are all voluntary. The bill makes explicit that there are no re-quirements for a company to act or not to act. 
I have heard from technology compa-
nies in the past couple of weeks that they are concerned that this bill re-quires them to share customer infor-mation with the government. That is false. Companies can choose to partici-pate or they can choose not to. If they do, they can only share cyber threat information, not their company’s per-sonal information or their online activ-ity. The third thing this bill does is it 
puts in place procedures and limita-tions for how the government will re-ceive, handle, and use cyber informa-tion provided by the private sector. The bill requires two sets of policies and procedures. The first set—to be written by the Attorney General and the Secretary of Homeland Security— requires that cyber information that comes to the Federal Government will be made available to all appropriate Federal departments and agencies without unnecessary delay and that the information sharing system inside the government is auditable and is con-sistent with privacy safeguards. 
The second set of required guidelines 
is designed to limit the privacy impact of the sharing of cyber information and specifically limits the government’s re-ceipt, retention, use, and dissemination of personal information. These guide-lines are to be written by the Attorney General. They will be made public. 
The bill specifically limits the use of 
cyber information by the government. Federal agencies can only use the in-formation received through this bill for a cyber security purpose, for the pur-pose of identifying a cyber threat, pre-venting or responding to an imminent threat of death, serious bodily harm, serious economic harm, including an imminent terrorist attack, preventing or responding to a serious threat of harm to a minor, and preventing, in-vestigating, or prosecuting specific cyber-related crimes. 
Fourth, the bill creates what we call 
in shorthand a portal at the Depart-ment of Homeland Security and re-quires that cyber information is re-ceived by the government through the Homeland Security portal, from which it can be distributed quickly and re-sponsibly to appropriate departments and agencies. This portal was the joint proposal a few years ago by former DHS Secretary Janet Napolitano, FBI Director Bob Mueller, and NSA Direc-tor Keith Alexander. The purpose of the portal is to centralize the entry point for cyber information sharing so that the government can effectively and efficiently receive that cyber infor-mation, can protect privacy, and can ensure that all the appropriate depart-ments with cyber security responsi-bility can quickly learn about threats. 
A key aspect of this centralized por-
tal is to enable information to move where it needs to go automatically. Once cyber threat information enters the portal, it will be shared in real time—meaning without human inter-vention and at machine speed—to the other appropriate Federal agencies. The belief is that they can put in a fil-ter and do a privacy scrub, if you will, just in case there is any private infor-mation, such as a Social Security num-ber, a driver’s license number, or some-thing like that, that can be instantly moved out. 
Such a real-time exchange is nec-
essary because if there are indications that a cyber attack is underway, the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:37 Oct 21, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20OC6.021 S20OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7331 October 20, 2015 
response to stop that attack will need 
to be immediate and not subject to any delay. The bill makes clear that this can and should be done in a way that ensures that privacy is protected, im-proving both privacy protections and the ability to quickly protect sensitive systems. 
Fifth and finally, the bill provides li-
ability protection to companies that act in accord with the bill’s provisions. Specifically, the bill provides liability protection for companies that properly monitor their computer networks or that share information the way the bill allows. The bill specifically does not protect companies from liability in the case of gross negligence or willful mis-conduct, nor does it protect those who do not follow its privacy protections. 
As I mentioned earlier, there are 
many privacy protections throughout the bill. Because this is a key point of interest for a number of Senators, I wish to list 10 of them. 
No. 1, it is voluntary. The bill doesn’t 
require companies to do anything they choose not to do. There is no require-ment to share information with an-other company or with the govern-ment, and the government cannot com-pel any sharing by the private sector. So if there is this tech company or that tech company that doesn’t want to pro-vide this information, don’t do it. Nothing forces you to do it. This is 100 percent voluntary. 
No. 2, it narrowly defines the term 
‘‘cyber threat indicator’’ to limit the amount of information that may be shared under the bill. Only information that is necessary to describe or iden-tify cyber threats can be shared. 
No. 3, the authorizations are clear, 
but they are limited. Companies are fully authorized to do three things: monitor their networks or provide monitoring services to their customers to identify cyber threats, use limited defensive measures to protect against cyber threats on their networks, and share and receive cyber information with each other and with Federal, State or local governments. No surveil-lance, no sharing of personal or cus-tomer information is allowed. 
No. 4, there are mandatory steps that 
companies must take before sharing any cyber threat information with other companies or the government. Companies must review information before it is shared for irrelevant pri-vacy information, and they are re-quired to remove any such information that is found. A bank would not be able to share a customer’s name or account information. Social Security numbers, addresses, passwords, and credit infor-mation would be unrelated to a cyber threat and would, except in very excep-tional circumstances, be removed by the company before sharing. 
No. 5, the bill requires that the At-
torney General establish mandatory guidelines to protect the privacy of any information the government receives. These guidelines will be public. The guidelines will limit how long the gov-ernment can retain any information 
and provide notification requirements and a process to destroy mistakenly shared information. It also requires the Attorney General to create sanctions for any government official who does not follow these mandatory privacy guidelines. 
No. 6, the Department of Homeland 
Security, not the Department of De-fense or the intelligence community, is the primary recipient of the shared cyber information. 
No. 7, the managers’ amendment in-
cludes a new provision, which was sug-gested by Senator C
ARPER , with the 
backing of a number of privacy groups, to allow the Department of Homeland Security—and I say this again—to scrub the data as it goes through the portal to make sure it does not contain irrelevant personal information. 
No. 8, the bill restricts the govern-
ment’s use of voluntarily shared infor-mation to cyber security efforts, immi-nent threats to public safety, protec-tion of minors, and cyber crimes. Un-like previous versions, the government cannot use this information for general counterterrorism analysis or to pros-ecute noncyber crimes. 
No. 9, the bill limits liability protec-
tion to only monitoring for cyber threats and sharing information about them when a company complies with the bill’s privacy requirements, and it explicitly excludes protection for gross negligence or willful misconduct. 
No. 10, above and beyond these man-
datory protections, there are a number of oversight mechanisms in the bill which involve Congress, the heads of agencies, the inspectors general, and the Privacy and Civil Liberties Over-sight Board. 
In sum, this bill allows for strictly 
voluntary sharing of cyber security in-formation with many layers of privacy protections. 
As I have noted, the managers’ 
amendment that we will consider shortly, I hope, will include several key privacy protections. We will be describ-ing them in more detail when we turn to that amendment. 
Mr. President, I hope this has made 
clear that we have tried to very care-fully balance the need for improved cyber security with the need to protect privacy and private sector interests. As I said earlier, this is the third bill on information sharing. We have learned from the prior two efforts. 
It is clear from the headlines and 
multiple data breach notifications that customers and employees are now re-ceiving that this bill is necessary and we need to act now instead of after a major cyber attack seriously impacts hundreds or thousands of lives or costs us billions or trillions of dollars. 
We have a good bill. I know there are 
some cynics. I know there are some tech companies that may be worried about what their customers might do. Then don’t participate if you don’t want to, but I have talked to enough CEOs who have said to me: Please do this. We need this ability to share, and 
the only way we can get this ability is with liability protection for sharing cyber threat material, so this is very important. 
I again thank the chairman for ev-
erything he has done to lead this ef-fort. It is my hope that we will have a good, civil debate and that we will be able to pass this bill with a substantial margin. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Oregon. 
Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, this 
afternoon we begin the discussion of cyber security legislation. I think it is important to say at the outset that I think everybody who hears the notion that the Senate is talking about cyber security would say: Boy, you have to be for that. We all read about cyber hacks regularly, so you ask: Why not be for what they are talking about in the Senate? 
I begin by way of saying that the fact 
is not every bill with cyber security in the title is necessarily a good idea. I believe this bill will do little to make Americans safer but will potentially reduce the personal privacy of millions of Americans in a very substantial way. In the beginning, I think it is par-ticularly telling who opposes this legis-lation at this time. The Business Soft-ware Alliance has said they cannot support this bill. They have members such as Apple, IBM, and Microsoft, and they are saying that at this time they cannot be for this bill. The Computer and Communications Industry Associa-tion has members such as Google, Facebook, and Amazon. They have said they cannot support the legislation at this time. America’s librarians cannot support it at this time. Twitter cannot support it at this time. Wikimedia Foundation and Yelp can’t support it at this time. 
The groups I am talking about are 
ones with members who have compa-nies with millions and millions of cus-tomers, and they are saying they can’t support this bill at this time. 
I think I know why these companies 
that didn’t have a problem with pre-vious kinds of versions of this legisla-tion are saying they don’t support it. These companies are hearing from their customers and they are worried their customers are saying: This doesn’t look like it is going to protect our privacy. Of course, we want to be safe. We also want to have our liberty. Ben Franklin famously said anyone who gives up their liberty to have secu-
rity really doesn’t deserve either—so we know what Americans want. 
I would submit the reason these com-
panies are coming out in opposition to this legislation is they don’t want their customers to lose confidence in their products. They are looking at this leg-islation, and they are saying the pri-vacy protections are woefully inad-equate and their customers are going to lose confidence in their products. 
I appreciate that the managers are 
trying to make the bill better. It is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:19 Oct 21, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20OC6.046 S20OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7332 October 20, 2015 
quite clear to me, having listened to 
two colleagues—whom I respect very much—that they are very much aware that their bill has attracted widespread opposition. The comment was made that Apple, Google, everyone should be for this. 
I would say again—respectfully to 
my colleagues, the authors, with whom I have served since we all came to the committee together—even with the managers’ amendment, the core pri-vacy issues are not being dealt with. 
I would just read now from a few of 
the comments—maybe I am missing something. Maybe I heard a list of all the privacy issues that had been ad-dressed. I haven’t seen any privacy groups the Democrats or Republicans look to saying they support the pri-vacy protections in the bill, but let me give you an example of a few who sure-ly don’t. 
This is what Yelp says: ‘‘Congress is 
trying to pass a ‘cyber security’ bill that threatens your privacy.’’ 
This is what the American Library 
Association is saying. I will admit, Mr. President, I am a little bit tilted to-ward librarians because my late moth-er was a librarian. We all appreciate the librarians we grew up with. The li-brarians say that this bill ‘‘de facto grants broad new mass data collection powers to many federal, as well as state and even local government agen-cies.’’ 
Salesforce, a major player in the dig-
ital space located in California, says: 
At Salesforce, trust is our number one 
value and nothing is more important to our company than the privacy of our customers’ data. . . . Salesforce does not support CISA and has never supported CISA. 
They have a hashtag. 
Follow #StopCISA for updates. 
This is the group that represents the 
Computer and Communications Indus-try Association—this is Google, Ama-zon, and Microsoft, the biggest major tech companies. Again, these are com-panies with millions of customers, and the companies are worried that this bill lacks privacy protections and their customers are going to lose confidence in some of what may be done under this. They say they support the goals, of course—which we all do—of dealing with real threats and sharing informa-tion. They state: ‘‘But such a system should not come at the expense of users’ privacy, need not be used for purposes unrelated to cyber security, and must not enable activities that might actively destabilize the infra-structure the bill aims to protect.’’ 
Mr. President, we heard my col-
league, the chair of the committee, a member of the Committee on Finance whom I have worked with often, say that the most important feature of the legislation is that it is voluntary. The fact is that it is voluntary for compa-nies. It will be mandatory for their cus-tomers. And the fact is that companies can participate without the knowledge and consent of their customers, and they are immune from customer over-sight and lawsuits if they do so. I am 
all for companies sharing information about malware and foreign hackers with the government, but there ought to be a strong requirement to filter out unrelated personal information about customers. 
I want to emphasize this because this 
is probably my strongest point of dis-agreement with my friends who are the sponsors. There is not in this bill a strong requirement to filter out unre-lated personal information about these millions of customers who are going to be affected. This bill would allow com-panies to hand over a large amount of private and personal information about millions of their customers with only a cursory review. In my judgment, infor-mation about those who have been vic-tims of hacks should not be treated in essentially the same way as informa-tion about the hackers. Without a strong requirement to filter out unre-lated personal information, that is un-fortunately what this bill does. 
At the outset of this discussion, we 
were told this bill would have substan-tial security benefits. I heard for days, for example, that this bill would have prevented the OPM attack, that it would have stopped the serious attack on government personnel records. After technologists reviewed that particular argument, that claim has essentially been withdrawn. 
There is a saying now in the cyber se-
curity field: If you can’t protect it, don’t collect it. If more personal con-sumer information flows to the govern-ment without strong protections, my view is it is going to end up being a prime target for hackers. 
Sharing information about cyber se-
curity threats is clearly a worthy goal, and I would like to find ways to en-courage more of that responsibly. Yet if you share more information without strong privacy protections, millions of Americans will say: That is not a cyber security bill; it is a surveillance bill. My hope is that, working in a bipar-tisan way, by the time we have com-pleted this legislation on the floor, that will not be the case. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. BURR. Mr. President, I ask unan-
imous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. BURR. Mr. President, I listened 
patiently to my friend and colleague, and we are on the committee together, so this is not the first time we have had a frank discussion. But let me say to those companies that have reached out to him, and he listed them—I am not going to bother going through 53 associations and the number of compa-nies that are represented because there are hundreds and hundreds. They are sectors of our economy. It is the finan-cial industry. It is automotive. It is 
practically everybody in retail. 
There are a couple of things that still 
shock me because I really can’t make the connection. A technology company has a tremendous amount of users, and those users put their personal data on that—pick one—and the company says there is nothing more important than protecting the data of their users. It strikes me, because I was in business for 17 years before I came to this in-sane place, that any business in the world would say: I don’t have a prob-lem with putting this in place as long as I don’t have to use it. I can make a decision whether I use it or whether I don’t. 
It may be that when they get an op-
portunity to see the final product and it is in place, they may say: Well, you know what, this isn’t so bad. This actu-ally took care of some of the concerns we have. 
But to make a blanket statement for 
a company whose No. 1 concern is the protection of its customers’ data—to ignore the threat today that is real and will be felt by everybody, if it hasn’t been felt by them, and not have some-thing in place is irresponsible by those companies. 
Again, I point to the fact that if this 
were a mandatory program, I could un-derstand why they might, for market share reasons or marketing reasons, go out and say: We are not covered by this. But this is voluntary for every-body. There is not a soul in the world who has to participate. But the ones that are really concerned about their customers’ data, the ones that really understand there are companies, indi-viduals, and countries trying to hack their systems will succumb to the fact that something is better than nothing. 
It is sort of like going home to North 
Carolina—and I see the leader is com-ing—where this year we have had a rash of sharks. It is one thing to know there are sharks out there and swim and say: How could one bite me? Well, you know you have hackers out there. It seems as if you take precautions when you go swimming, and it seems as if you should take precautions to keep from being hacked. 
With that, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-
jority leader. 
f 
CYBERSECURITY INFORMATION 
SHARING ACT of 2015 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, 
under the order of August 5, 2015, I ask that the Chair lay before the Senate S. 754. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will pro-ceed to the consideration of S. 754, which the clerk will report. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
A bill (S. 754) to improve cybersecurity in 
the United States through enhanced sharing of information about cybersecurity threats, and for other purposes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:35 Oct 21, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20OC6.048 S20OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7333 October 20, 2015 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from North Carolina. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2716 
(Purpose: In the nature of a substitute) 
Mr. BURR. Mr. President, as under 
the previous order, I call up the Burr- Feinstein amendment, which is at the desk, and I ask unanimous consent that it be reported by number. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, the clerk will report the amendment by number. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
The Senator from North Carolina [Mr. 
BURR] proposes an amendment numbered 
2716. 
(The amendment is printed in today’s 
RECORD under ‘‘Text of Amendments.’’) 
Mr. BURR. Mr. President, for the in-
formation of all Senators, this sub-stitute includes agreed-upon language on the following amendments: Carper, No. 2615; Carper, No. 2627; Coats, No. 2604; Flake, No. 2580; Gardner, No. 2631; Kirk, No. 2603; Tester, No. 2632; Wyden, No. 2622, and, I might add, a handful of amendments that have been worked out in addition to those which were part of that unanimous consent agree-ment by both the vice chair and my-self. 
The vice chair and I have a number of 
amendments to be made pending under the previous consent order, and I ask unanimous consent that they be called up and reported by number. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2581, AS MODIFIED , TO 
AMENDMENT NO . 2716 
Mr. BURR. Mr. President, I call up 
the Cotton amendment No. 2581, as modified, to correct the instruction line. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the amendment by number. 
The bill clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from North Carolina [Mr. 
BURR], for Mr. C OTTON , proposes an amend-
ment numbered 2581, as modified, to amend-ment No. 2716. 
The amendment is as follows: 
(Purpose: To exempt from the capability and 
process within the Department of Home-land Security communication between a private entity and the Federal Bureau of Investigation or the United States Secret Service regarding cybersecurity threats) 
On page 31, strike line 13 and insert the fol-
lowing: 
authority regarding a cybersecurity threat; 
and 
(iii) communications between a private en-
tity and the Federal Bureau of Investigation or the United States Secret Service regard-ing a cybersecurity threat; 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from North Carolina. 
Mr. BURR. Mr. President, let me add 
at this time that the vice chairman and I have worked aggressively, as have our staffs, to incorporate the sug-gestions and the concerns Members and companies have raised with us. If we believed they made the legislation stronger—stronger from the standpoint of minimizing data loss and stronger 
from the standpoint of the privacy con-cerns—let me assure my colleagues we have accepted those and we have incor-porated them in the managers’ amend-ment. If, in fact, we couldn’t agree or felt that it in any way was detrimental to the legislation, the vice chair and I have agreed to oppose those amend-ments. 
I think it is important that this bill 
represent exactly what we have sold: an information sharing bill, a bill that is voluntary. 
So I would suggest to those who hear 
this debate and say ‘‘I don’t really un-derstand all this cyber stuff. I hear about it and don’t really understand it,’’ let me put it in these terms. What this legislation does is it creates a community watch program, and like any neighborhood watch program, the spirit of what we are trying to do is to protect the neighborhood. It doesn’t mean that every resident on every street in that community in that neighborhood is going to be a partici-pant, but it means that neighborhood is committed to making sure that if crimes are happening, they are out there to stop them, to report them, and maybe through reporting them, the number of crimes over time will con-tinue to decrease. 
Well, I would share with you that is 
what we are doing with the cyber secu-rity bill. We are out now trying to set up the framework for a community watch program, one that is voluntary, that doesn’t require every person to participate, but it says: For those of you who can embrace this and can re-port the crimes, it is not only bene-ficial to you, it is beneficial to every-body. 
So I respect the fact there are a few 
companies out there saying: This is no good; we shouldn’t have this. Really? Do you want to deny this to every-body? There are a heck of a lot of busi-nesses that have made the determina-tion that this is beneficial to their business, that it is beneficial to their sector. 
This is beneficial to the overall U.S. 
economy. That is what the Senate is here to do. We are not here to pick win-ners and losers; we are here to create a framework everybody can operate in that advances the United States in the right direction. 
Shortly we will have an opportunity 
to make pending some additional amendments, and I encourage all Mem-bers, if your amendment is pending, to 
come down and debate it. If you have additional amendments, please come down and offer them and debate them. With the cooperation of Members, we can process these in a matter of days and we can then send this out of the Senate and be at a point where we could conference with the House. 
With that, I suggest the absence of a 
quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Madam President, 
I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Ms. 
A
YOTTE ). Without objection, it is so or-
dered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2552, AS MODIFIED , TO 
AMENDMENT NO . 2716 
Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Madam President, 
I call up the Coons amendment No. 2552, as modified. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the amendment by number. 
The bill clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from California [Mrs. F EIN-
STEIN ], for Mr. C OONS , proposes an amend-
ment numbered 2552, as modified, to amend-ment No. 2716. 
The amendment, as modified, is as 
follows: 
(Purpose: To modify section 5 to require DHS 
to review all cyber threat indicators and countermeasures in order to remove cer-tain personal information) 
Beginning on page 23, strike line 3 and all 
that follows through page 33, line 10 and in-sert the following: 
(3) R
EQUIREMENTS CONCERNING POLICIES AND  
PROCEDURES .—Consistent with the guidelines 
required by subsection (b), the policies and procedures developed and promulgated under this subsection shall— 
(A) ensure that cyber threat indicators 
shared with the Federal Government by any entity pursuant to section 4 that are re-ceived through the process described in sub-section (c) of this section and that satisfy the requirements of the guidelines developed under subsection (b)— 
(i) are shared in an automated manner 
with all of the appropriate Federal entities; 
(ii) are not subject to any unnecessary 
delay, interference, or any other action that could impede receipt by all of the appro-priate Federal entities; and 
(iii) may be provided to other Federal enti-
ties; 
(B) ensure that cyber threat indicators 
shared with the Federal Government by any entity pursuant to section 4 in a manner other than the process described in sub-section (c) of this section— 
(i) are shared as quickly as operationally 
practicable with all of the appropriate Fed-eral entities; 
(ii) are not subject to any unnecessary 
delay, interference, or any other action that could impede receipt by all of the appro-priate Federal entities; and 
(iii) may be provided to other Federal enti-
ties; 
(C) consistent with this Act, any other ap-
plicable provisions of law, and the fair infor-mation practice principles set forth in ap-pendix A of the document entitled ‘‘National Strategy for Trusted Identities in Cyber-space’’ and published by the President in April 2011, govern the retention, use, and dis-semination by the Federal Government of cyber threat indicators shared with the Fed-eral Government under this Act, including the extent, if any, to which such cyber threat indicators may be used by the Federal Government; and 
(D) ensure there is— (i) an audit capability; and (ii) appropriate sanctions in place for offi-
cers, employees, or agents of a Federal enti-ty who knowingly and willfully conduct ac-tivities under this Act in an unauthorized manner. 
(4) G
UIDELINES FOR ENTITIES SHARING CYBER  
THREAT INDICATORS WITH FEDERAL GOVERN -
MENT .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:35 Oct 21, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20OC6.049 S20OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7334 October 20, 2015 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 60 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Attorney General shall develop and make publicly available guidance to assist entities and promote sharing of cyber threat indicators with Federal entities under this Act. 
(B) C
ONTENTS .—The guidelines developed 
and made publicly available under subpara-graph (A) shall include guidance on the fol-lowing: 
(i) Identification of types of information 
that would qualify as a cyber threat indi-cator under this Act that would be unlikely to include personal information of or identi-fying a specific person not necessary to de-scribe or identify a cyber security threat. 
(ii) Identification of types of information 
protected under otherwise applicable privacy laws that are unlikely to be necessary to de-scribe or identify a cybersecurity threat. 
(iii) Such other matters as the Attorney 
General considers appropriate for entities sharing cyber threat indicators with Federal entities under this Act. 
(b) P
RIVACY AND CIVILLIBERTIES .— 
(1) G UIDELINES OF ATTORNEY GENERAL .—Not 
later than 60 days after the date of the enact-ment of this Act, the Attorney General shall, in coordination with heads of the appro-priate Federal entities and in consultation with officers designated under section 1062 of the National Security Intelligence Reform Act of 2004 (42 U.S.C. 2000ee–1), develop, sub-mit to Congress, and make available to the public interim guidelines relating to privacy and civil liberties which shall govern the re-ceipt, retention, use, and dissemination of cyber threat indicators by a Federal entity obtained in connection with activities au-thorized in this Act. 
(2) F
INAL GUIDELINES .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Attorney General shall, in coordination with heads of the appropriate Federal enti-ties and in consultation with officers des-ignated under section 1062 of the National Security Intelligence Reform Act of 2004 (42 U.S.C. 2000ee–1) and such private entities with industry expertise as the Attorney Gen-eral considers relevant, promulgate final guidelines relating to privacy and civil lib-erties which shall govern the receipt, reten-
tion, use, and dissemination of cyber threat indicators by a Federal entity obtained in connection with activities authorized in this Act. 
(B) P
ERIODIC REVIEW .—The Attorney Gen-
eral shall, in coordination with heads of the appropriate Federal entities and in consulta-tion with officers and private entities de-scribed in subparagraph (A), periodically re-view the guidelines promulgated under sub-paragraph (A). 
(3) C
ONTENT .—The guidelines required by 
paragraphs (1) and (2) shall, consistent with the need to protect information systems from cybersecurity threats and mitigate cy-bersecurity threats— 
(A) limit the impact on privacy and civil 
liberties of activities by the Federal Govern-ment under this Act; 
(B) limit the receipt, retention, use, and 
dissemination of cyber threat indicators con-taining personal information of or identi-fying specific persons, including by estab-lishing— 
(i) a process for the timely destruction of 
such information that is known not to be di-rectly related to uses authorized under this Act; and 
(ii) specific limitations on the length of 
any period in which a cyber threat indicator may be retained; 
(C) include requirements to safeguard 
cyber threat indicators containing personal information of or identifying specific persons from unauthorized access or acquisition, in-
cluding appropriate sanctions for activities by officers, employees, or agents of the Fed-eral Government in contravention of such guidelines; 
(D) include procedures for notifying enti-
ties and Federal entities if information re-ceived pursuant to this section is known or determined by a Federal entity receiving such information not to constitute a cyber threat indicator; 
(E) protect the confidentiality of cyber 
threat indicators containing personal infor-mation of or identifying specific persons to the greatest extent practicable and require recipients to be informed that such indica-tors may only be used for purposes author-ized under this Act; and 
(F) include steps that may be needed so 
that dissemination of cyber threat indicators is consistent with the protection of classified and other sensitive national security infor-mation. 
(c) C
APABILITY AND PROCESS WITHIN THE  
DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security, in co-ordination with the heads of the appropriate Federal entities, shall develop and imple-ment a capability and process within the De-partment of Homeland Security that— 
(A) shall accept from any entity in real 
time cyber threat indicators and defensive measures, pursuant to this section; 
(B) shall, upon submittal of the certifi-
cation under paragraph (2) that such capa-bility and process fully and effectively oper-ates as described in such paragraph, be the process by which the Federal Government re-ceives cyber threat indicators and defensive measures under this Act that are shared by a private entity with the Federal Govern-ment through electronic mail or media, an interactive form on an Internet website, or a real time, automated process between infor-mation systems except— 
(i) communications between a Federal en-
tity and a private entity regarding a pre-viously shared cyber threat indicator; and 
(ii) communications by a regulated entity 
with such entity’s Federal regulatory au-thority regarding a cybersecurity threat; 
(C) shall require the Department of Home-
land Security to review all cyber threat indi-cators and defensive measures received and remove any personal information of or iden-tifying a specific person not necessary to identify or describe the cybersecurity threat before sharing such indicator or defensive measure with appropriate Federal entities; 
(D) ensures that all of the appropriate Fed-
eral entities receive in an automated manner such cyber threat indicators as quickly as operationally possible from the Department of Homeland Security; 
(E) is in compliance with the policies, pro-
cedures, and guidelines required by this sec-tion; and 
(F) does not limit or prohibit otherwise 
lawful disclosures of communications, records, or other information, including— 
(i) reporting of known or suspected crimi-
nal activity, by an entity to any other entity or a Federal entity; 
(ii) voluntary or legally compelled partici-
pation in a Federal investigation; and 
(iii) providing cyber threat indicators or 
defensive measures as part of a statutory or authorized contractual requirement. 
(2) C
ERTIFICATION .—Not later than 10 days 
prior to the implementation of the capa-bility and process required by paragraph (1), the Secretary of Homeland Security shall, in consultation with the heads of the appro-priate Federal entities, certify to Congress whether such capability and process fully and effectively operates— (A) as the process by which the Federal 
Government receives from any entity a cyber threat indicator or defensive measure under this Act; and 
(B) in accordance with the policies, proce-
dures, and guidelines developed under this section. 
(3) P
UBLIC NOTICE AND ACCESS .—The Sec-
retary of Homeland Security shall ensure there is public notice of, and access to, the capability and process developed and imple-mented under paragraph (1) so that— 
(A) any entity may share cyber threat in-
dicators and defensive measures through such process with the Federal Government; and 
(B) all of the appropriate Federal entities 
receive such cyber threat indicators and de-fensive measures as quickly as operationally practicable with receipt through the process within the Department of Homeland Secu-rity. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from North Carolina. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2582 TO AMENDMENT NO . 2716 
Mr. BURR. Madam President, I call 
up the Flake amendment No. 2582. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the amendment by number. 
The bill clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from North Carolina [Mr. 
BURR], for Mr. F LAKE , proposes an amend-
ment numbered 2582 to amendment No. 2716. 
The amendment is as follows: 
(Purpose: To terminate the provisions of the 
Act after six years) 
At the end, add the following: 
SEC. 11. EFFECTIVE PERIOD. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Except as provided in 
subsection (b), this Act and the amendments made by this Act shall be in effect during the 6-year period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(b) E
XCEPTION .—With respect to any action 
authorized by this Act or information ob-tained pursuant to an action authorized by this Act, which occurred before the date on which the provisions referred to in sub-section (a) cease to have effect, the provi-sions of this Act shall continue in effect. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from California. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2612, AS MODIFIED , TO 
AMENDMENT NO . 2716 
Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Madam President, 
I call up the Franken amendment No. 2612, as modified. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the amendment by number. 
The bill clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from California [Mrs. F EIN-
STEIN ], for Mr. F RANKEN , proposes an amend-
ment numbered 2612, as modified, to amend-ment No. 2716. 
The amendment, as modified, is as 
follows: 
(Purpose: To improve the definitions of cy-
bersecurity threat and cyber threat indi-cator) 
Beginning on page 4, strike line 12 and all 
that follows through page 5, line 21, and in-sert the following: 
system that is reasonably likely to result in 
an unauthorized effort to adversely impact the security, availability, confidentiality, or integrity of an information system or infor-mation that is stored on, processed by, or transiting an information system. 
(B) E
XCLUSION .—The term ‘‘cybersecurity 
threat’’ does not include any action that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:35 Oct 21, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20OC6.023 S20OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7335 October 20, 2015 
solely involves a violation of a consumer 
term of service or a consumer licensing agreement. 
(6) C
YBER THREAT INDICATOR .—The term 
‘‘cyber threat indicator’’ means information that is necessary to describe or identify— 
(A) malicious reconnaissance, including 
anomalous patterns of communications that appear to be transmitted for the purpose of gathering technical information related to a cybersecurity threat or security vulner-ability; 
(B) a method of defeating a security con-
trol or exploitation of a security vulner-ability; 
(C) a security vulnerability, including 
anomalous activity that appears to indicate the existence of a security vulnerability; 
(D) a method of causing a user with legiti-
mate access to an information system or in-formation that is stored on, processed by, or transiting an information system to unwit-tingly enable the defeat of a security control or exploitation of a security vulnerability; 
(E) malicious cyber command and control; (F) the harm caused by an incident, includ-
ing a description of the information exfiltrated as a result of a particular cyber-security threat; 
(G) any other attribute of a cybersecurity 
threat, if disclosure of such information is not otherwise prohibited by law; or 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from North Carolina. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2548, AS MODIFIED , TO 
AMENDMENT NO . 2716 
Mr. BURR. Madam President, I call 
up the Heller amendment No. 2548, as modified, to correct the instruction line. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the amendment by number. 
The bill clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from North Carolina [Mr. 
BURR], for Mr. H ELLER , proposes an amend-
ment numbered 2548, as modified, to amend-ment No. 2716. 
The amendment, as modified, is as 
follows: 
(Purpose: To protect information that is rea-
sonably believed to be personal informa-tion or information that identifies a spe-cific person) 
On page 12, line 19, strike ‘‘knows’’ and in-
sert ‘‘reasonably believes’’. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from California. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2587, AS MODIFIED , TO 
AMENDMENT NO . 2716 
Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Madam President, 
I call up the Leahy amendment No. 2587, as modified. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the amendment by number. 
The bill clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from California [Mrs. F EIN-
STEIN ], for Mr. L EAHY , proposes an amend-
ment numbered 2587, as modified, to amend-ment No. 2716. 
The amendment, as modified, is as 
follows: 
(Purpose: To strike the FOIA exemption) 
Beginning on page 35, strike line 1 and all 
that follows through page 35, line 13. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from North Carolina. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2564, AS MODIFIED , TO 
AMENDMENT NO . 2716 
Mr. BURR. Madam President, I call 
up the Paul amendment No. 2564, as modified, to correct the instruction 
line. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the amendment by number. 
The bill clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from North Carolina [Mr. 
BURR], for Mr. P AUL, proposes an amendment 
numbered 2564, as modified, to amendment No. 2716. 
The amendment, as modified, is as 
follows: 
(Purpose: To prohibit liability immunity to 
applying to private entities that break user or privacy agreements with cus-tomers) 
On page 40, after line 24, insert the fol-
lowing: 
(d) E
XCEPTION .—This section shall not 
apply to any private entity that, in the course of monitoring information under sec-tion 4(a) or sharing information under sec-tion 4(c), breaks a user agreement or privacy agreement with a customer of the private en-tity. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from California. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2557 TO AMENDMENT NO . 2716 
Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Madam President, 
I call up the Mikulski amendment No. 2557. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the amendment by number. 
The bill clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from California [Mrs. F EIN-
STEIN ], for Ms. M IKULSKI , proposes an amend-
ment numbered 2557 to amendment No. 2716. 
The amendment is as follows: 
(Purpose: To provide amounts necessary for 
accelerated cybersecurity in response to data breaches) 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . FUNDING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Effective on the date of 
enactment of this Act, there is appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not other-wise appropriated, for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2015, an additional amount for the appropriations account appropriated under the heading ‘‘
SALARIES AND EXPENSES ’’ 
under the heading ‘‘O FFICE OF PERSONNEL  
MANAGEMENT ’’, $37,000,000, to remain avail-
able until September 30, 2017, for accelerated cybersecurity in response to data breaches. 
(b) E
MERGENCY DESIGNATION .—The amount 
appropriated under subsection (a) is des-ignated by the Congress as an emergency re-quirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Def-icit Control Act of 1985, and shall be avail-able only if the President subsequently so designates such amount and transmits such designation to the Congress. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2626 TO AMENDMENT NO . 2716 
Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Madam President, 
I call up the Whitehouse amendment No. 2626. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the amendment by number. 
The bill clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from California [Mrs. F EIN-
STEIN ], for Mr. W HITEHOUSE , proposes an 
amendment numbered 2626 to amendment No. 2716. 
The amendment is as follows: 
(Purpose: To amend title 18, United States 
Code, to protect Americans from cybercrime) 
At the end, add the following: SEC. ll. STOPPING THE SALE OF AMERICANS’ 
FINANCIAL INFORMATION. 
Section 1029(h) of title 18, United States 
Code, is amended by striking ‘‘if—’’ and all that follows through ‘‘therefrom.’’ and in-serting ‘‘if the offense involves an access de-vice issued, owned, managed, or controlled by a financial institution, account issuer, credit card system member, or other entity organized under the laws of the United States, or any State, the District of Colum-bia, or other Territory of the United States.’’. 
SEC. ll. SHUTTING DOWN BOTNETS. 
(a) A MENDMENT .—Section 1345 of title 18, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in the heading, by inserting ‘‘ and 
abuse ’’ after ‘‘ fraud ’’; 
(2) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘or’’ at 
the end; 
(ii) in subparagraph (C), by inserting ‘‘or’’ 
after the semicolon; and 
(iii) by inserting after subparagraph (C) the 
following: 
‘‘(D) violating or about to violate para-
graph (1), (4), (5), or (7) of section 1030(a) where such conduct would affect 100 or more protected computers (as defined in section 1030) during any 1-year period, including by denying access to or operation of the com-puters, installing malicious software on the computers, or using the computers without authorization;’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (2), by inserting ‘‘, a viola-
tion described in subsection (a)(1)(D),’’ before ‘‘or a Federal’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(c) A restraining order, prohibition, or 
other action described in subsection (b), if issued in circumstances described in sub-section (a)(1)(D), may, upon application of the Attorney General— 
‘‘(1) specify that no cause of action shall 
lie in any court against a person for com-plying with the restraining order, prohibi-tion, or other action; and 
‘‘(2) provide that the United States shall 
pay to such person a fee for reimbursement for such costs as are reasonably necessary and which have been directly incurred in complying with the restraining order, prohi-bition, or other action.’’. 
(b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of section for chapter 63 is 
amended by striking the item relating to section 1345 and inserting the following: 
‘‘1345. Injunctions against fraud and abuse.’’. 
SEC. ll. AGGRAVATED DAMAGE TO A CRITICAL 
INFRASTRUCTURE COMPUTER. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 47 of title 18, 
United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 1030 the following: 
‘‘§ 1030A. Aggravated damage to a critical in-
frastructure computer 
‘‘(a) O
FFENSE .—It shall be unlawful, during 
and in relation to a felony violation of sec-tion 1030, to knowingly cause or attempt to cause damage to a critical infrastructure computer, if such damage results in (or, in the case of an attempted offense, would, if completed have resulted in) the substantial impairment— 
‘‘(1) of the operation of the critical infra-
structure computer; or 
‘‘(2) of the critical infrastructure associ-
ated with such computer. 
‘‘(b) P
ENALTY .—Any person who violates 
subsection (a) shall, in addition to the term of punishment provided for the felony viola-tion of section 1030, be fined under this title, imprisoned for not more than 20 years, or both. 
‘‘(c) C
ONSECUTIVE SENTENCE .—Notwith-
standing any other provision of law— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:46 Oct 21, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20OC6.025 S20OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7336 October 20, 2015 
‘‘(1) a court shall not place any person con-
victed of a violation of this section on proba-tion; 
‘‘(2) except as provided in paragraph (4), no 
term of imprisonment imposed on a person under this section shall run concurrently with any term of imprisonment imposed on the person under any other provision of law, including any term of imprisonment imposed for the felony violation of section 1030; 
‘‘(3) in determining any term of imprison-
ment to be imposed for the felony violation of section 1030, a court shall not in any way reduce the term to be imposed for such viola-tion to compensate for, or otherwise take into account, any separate term of imprison-ment imposed or to be imposed for a viola-tion of this section; and 
‘‘(4) a term of imprisonment imposed on a 
person for a violation of this section may, in the discretion of the court, run concurrently, in whole or in part, only with another term of imprisonment that is imposed by the court at the same time on that person for an additional violation of this section, if such discretion shall be exercised in accordance with any applicable guidelines and policy statements issued by the United States Sen-tencing Commission pursuant to section 994 of title 28. 
‘‘(d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section 
‘‘(1) the terms ‘computer’ and ‘damage’ 
have the meanings given the terms in sec-tion 1030; and 
‘‘(2) the term ‘critical infrastructure’ has 
the meaning given the term in section 1016(e) of the USA PATRIOT Act (42 U.S.C. 5195c(e)).’’. 
(b) T
ABLE OF SECTIONS .—The table of sec-
tions for chapter 47 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 1030 the following: 
‘‘1030A. Aggravated damage to a critical in-
frastructure computer.’’. 
SEC. ll. STOPPING TRAFFICKING IN BOTNETS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1030 of title 18, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a), by striking paragraph 
(6) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(6) knowing such conduct to be wrongful, 
intentionally traffics in any password or similar information, or any other means of access, further knowing or having reason to know that a protected computer would be accessed or damaged without authorization in a manner prohibited by this section as the result of such trafficking;’’; 
(2) in subsection (c)— (A) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘, (a)(3), 
or (a)(6)’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘or (a)(3)’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (4)— (i) in subparagraph (C)(i), by striking ‘‘or 
an attempt to commit an offense’’; and 
(ii) in subparagraph (D), by striking clause 
(ii) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(ii) an offense, or an attempt to commit 
an offense, under subsection (a)(6);’’; and 
(3) in subsection (g), in the first sentence, 
by inserting ‘‘, except for a violation of sub-section (a)(6),’’ after ‘‘of this section’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2621, AS MODIFIED , TO 
AMENDMENT NO . 2716 
Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Madam President, 
I call up the Wyden amendment No. 2621, as modified. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the amendment by number. 
The bill clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from California [Mrs. F EIN-
STEIN ], for Mr. W YDEN , proposes an amend-
ment numbered 2621, as modified, to amend-ment No. 2716. 
The amendment, as modified, is as 
follows: (Purpose: To improve the requirements re-
lating to removal of personal information from cyber threat indicators before shar-ing) 
On page 17, strike lines 9 through 22 and in-
sert the following: 
(A) review such cyber threat indicator and 
remove, to the extent feasible, any personal information of or identifying a specific indi-vidual that is not necessary to describe or identity a cybersecurity threat; or 
(B) implement and utilize a technical capa-
bility configured to remove, to the extent feasible, any personal information of or iden-tifying a specific individual contained within such indicator that is not necessary to de-scribe or identify a cybersecurity threat. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from North Carolina. 
Mr. BURR. Madam President, as the 
vice chair and I have said numerous times this afternoon, nothing would make us happier than for Members to come to the floor. We have amend-ments pending. We have a managers’ amendment. Everybody knows exactly what is in this bill. Let’s start the de-bate. Let’s vote on amendments. Let’s end this process in a matter of days. We are prepared to vote on every amendment. 
So at this time, I ask unanimous con-
sent that on Thursday, October 22, at 11 a.m., the Senate vote on the pending amendments to the Burr-Feinstein sub-stitute to S. 754, with a 60-vote thresh-old for those amendments that are not germane; and that following the dis-position of the amendments, the sub-stitute, as amended, if amended, be agreed to, the bill, as amended, be read a third time, and the Senate vote on passage with a 60-vote threshold for passage. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Mr. WYDEN. Reserving the right to 
object. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Oregon. 
Mr. WYDEN. Madam President, I cer-
tainly support most of the amendments that were just described. However, I am especially troubled about amendment No. 2626, which would significantly ex-pand a badly outdated Computer Fraud and Abuse Act. I have sought to mod-ernize the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act, and I believe that amendment No. 2626 would take that law—the Com-puter Fraud and Abuse Act—in the wrong direction. I would object to any unanimous consent request that in-cludes that amendment. Therefore, I object to this request. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-
tion is heard. 
The Senator from North Carolina. Mr. BURR. Madam President, the 
Senate functions best when Members are free to come to the floor and offer amendments, debate the amendments, and have a vote on the amendments. I might even share Senator W
YDEN ’s con-
cerns about that particular piece of legislation. I am not sure. It is a judici-ary issue. The vice chair is on the Judi-ciary Committee. It is an amendment that we were not able to pass in the managers’ amendment. But as the vice 
chair and I said at the beginning of this process, we would like the Senate to function like it is designed, where every Member feels invested, and if they have a great idea, come down, in-troduce it as an amendment, debate it, and let your colleagues vote up or down against it. If we can’t move for-ward with a process like that, then it is difficult to see how in a reasonable amount of time we are going to com-plete this agenda. 
So I would only urge my colleague 
from Oregon that there is nothing to be scared about. This is a process we will go through, and a nongermane amend-ment, which I think this would be list-ed as—I look for my staff. It would be a nongermane amendment—requiring 60 votes, a threshold that the Senate designed to pass practically anything. 
So I urge him to reconsider at some 
point, and I will make a similar unani-mous consent request once he has had an opportunity to think about it. But also, we will work to see if in fact that amendment might be modified in a way that might make it a little more ac-ceptable for the debate and for col-leagues to vote on it. 
With that, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Utah. 
Mr. HATCH. Madam President, as the 
Senate turns its focus to legislation re-lated to the critical issue of our Na-tion’s cyber security and in the light of Chinese President Xi Jinping’s state visit last month, I would like to reflect on America’s security in cyber space. 
As the global economy becomes in-
creasingly dependent on the Internet, the exponential increase in the number and scale of cyber attacks and cyber thefts are straining our relationship with international trading partners throughout the world. This is espe-cially true for our important trade re-lationship with China. This year alone, the United States has experienced some of the largest cyber attacks in our Nation’s history—many of which are believed to have been perpetrated by the Chinese. Just last February, hackers breached the customer records of the health insurance company An-them Blue Cross Blue Shield. Many news sources reported that China was responsible for the attack. This cyber attack resulted in the theft of approxi-mately 80 million customers’ person-ally identifiable information, including Social Security numbers and informa-tion that can be used for identity theft. 
In the early summer, cyber criminals 
also hacked United Airlines, compro-mising manifest data that detailed the movement of millions of Americans. According to the news media, China was again believed to have been respon-sible. 
But the most devastating cyber at-
tack this year was on the U.S. Govern-ment’s Office of Personnel Manage-
ment. This past June, sources report that the OPM data breach, considered the worst cyber intrusion ever per-petrated against the U.S. Government, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:46 Oct 21, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20OC6.030 S20OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7337 October 20, 2015 
affected about 21.5 million Federal em-
ployees and contractors. Hackers suc-cessfully accessed sensitive personal information, including security clear-ance files, Social Security numbers, and information about employees’ con-tacts and families. Again, China was the suspected culprit. 
Most troubling, the OPM breach in-
cluded over 19.7 million background in-vestigation records for cleared U.S. Government employees. The exposure of this highly sensitive information not only puts our national security at risk but also raises concern that foreign governments may be keeping detailed databases on Federal workers and their associations. 
I was pleased during the Chinese 
President’s visit to Washington last month that President Obama expressed his ‘‘very serious concerns about grow-ing cyber threats’’ and stated that the cyber theft of intellectual property and commercial trade secrets ‘‘has to stop.’’ President Obama and President Xi Jinping came to an agreement not to ‘‘conduct or knowingly support’’ cyber theft of intellectual property or commercial trade secrets. 
Even so, Director of Intelligence 
James Clapper expressed doubts about the agreement in a hearing before the Senate Armed Services Committee last week. When Chairman M
CCAINasked 
Mr. Clapper if he was optimistic about the deal, he told members of the com-mittee he was not. I add my skepticism of this agreement to the growing cho-rus of lawmakers, military leaders, and intelligence community personnel who have voiced similar concerns. 
As Admiral Rogers, head of the Na-
tional Security Agency and U.S. Cyber Command, has said, ‘‘China is the big-gest proponent of cyberattacks being waged against the U.S.’’ We must do more to defend ourselves against this growing threat. Unfortunately, I have been disappointed in this administra-tion’s inability to protect our Federal computer systems from cyber intru-sions and to hold criminals account-able for their participation in cyber at-tacks committed against the United States. Sadly, the cyber threats facing our Nation are not limited to China. Investigators believe Russia, North Korea, Iran, and several other nations have also launched cyber attacks against our government, U.S. citizens, and of course companies. These attacks are increasing both in severity and in number. 
In April, Russian hackers accessed 
White House networks containing sen-sitive information, including emails sent and received by the President himself. 
In May, hackers breached IRS servers 
to gain access to 330,000 American tax-payers’ tax returns. That same month a fraudulent stock trader manipulated U.S. markets, costing the stock ex-change an estimated $1 trillion in just 36 minutes. In July, it was reported that a Russian spear phishing attack shut down the Joint Chiefs of Staff email system for 11 days. Just 1 month 
ago, hackers stole the personal data of 15 million T-Mobile customers by breaching Experian, the company that processes credit checks for prospective customers. This stolen data includes names, birth dates, addresses, Social Security numbers, and credit card in-formation. 
These breaches have a serious and 
real cost for the victims. According to the Federal Trade Commission, the av-erage identity fraud victim in 2012 in-curred an average of $365 in losses. In-credibly, all of these high-profile breaches have occurred this year, mak-ing 2015 perhaps the worst year ever in terms of attacks on our national cyber security. 
Prior to 2015, we also saw several 
high-profile breaches at large Amer-ican corporations, including Target, Home Depot, Sony, and others. Our lack of effective cyber security policies and procedures threatens the safety of our people, the strength of our national defense, and the future of our economy. We must be more vigilant in rein-forcing our cyber infrastructure to bet-ter defend ourselves against these at-tacks. In doing so, Congress must cre-ate a deterrent for those who seek to commit cyber attacks against our Na-tion. Our adversaries must know they will suffer dire consequences if they at-tack the United States. Finding a solu-tion to this critical problem must be an urgent priority for the Senate. 
I agree with Leader M
CCONNELL that 
we must move forward in the Senate with legislation to improve our Na-tion’s cyber security practices and policies. I am supportive of the objec-tives outlined in Chairman B
URR and 
Vice Chairperson F EINSTEIN ’s bipar-
tisan Cybersecurity Information Shar-ing Act, CISA. 
I was pleased to see the Senate Select 
Committee on Intelligence pass the Burr-Feinstein CISA bill out of the committee by an overwhelming bipar-tisan vote of 14 to 1. This important legislation incentivizes and authorizes private sector companies to volun-tarily share cyber threat information in real time that can be useful in de-tecting cyber attacks and in pre-venting future cyber intrusions. 
I also commend Chairman B
URR and 
Vice Chairman F EINSTEIN ’s efforts to 
include provisions in CISA to protect personal privacy, including a measure that prevents a user’s personally iden-tifiable information from being shared with government agencies. Addition-ally, CISA sets limits on information that can be collected or monitored by allowing information to be used only for cyber security purposes. 
As the American economy grows ever 
more dependent on the Internet, I be-lieve CISA represents an important first step in protecting our Nation’s critical infrastructure from the dev-astating impact of cyber attacks. Con-gress must do more to adequately pro-tect and secure America’s presence in cyber space. In light of recent revelations high-
lighting our Federal Government’s in-ability to adequately protect and se-cure classified data and other sensitive information, I joined Senator C
ARPER , 
the ranking member of the Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee, in introducing the Federal Computer Security Act. 
The Hatch-Carper bill shines light on 
whether our Federal Government is using the most up-to-date cyber secu-rity practices and software to protect Federal computer systems and data-bases from both external cyber attackers and insider threats. Specifi-cally, this legislation requires Federal agency inspectors general to report to Congress on the security practices and software used to safeguard classified and personally identifiable information on Federal computer systems them-selves. 
This bill also requires each Federal 
agency to submit a report to each re-spective congressional committee with oversight jurisdiction describing in de-tail to each committee which security access controls the agency is imple-menting to protect unauthorized access to classified and sensitive, personally identifiable information on govern-ment computers. 
Requiring an accounting of each Fed-
eral agency’s security practices, soft-ware, and technology is a logical first step in bolstering our Nation’s cyber infrastructure. These reports will guide Congress in crafting legislation to pre-vent future large-scale data breaches and ensure that unauthorized users are not able to access classified and sen-sitive information. 
Agencies should be employing multi-
factor authentication policies and should be implementing software to de-tect and monitor cyber security threats. They should also be using the most up-to-date technology and secu-rity controls. The future of our Na-tion’s cyber security starts with our Federal Government practicing good cyber hygiene. In strengthening our se-curity infrastructure, the Federal Gov-ernment should be accountable to the American people, especially when cyber attacks affect millions of tax-payers. 
I have heard from many constituents 
who have expressed concerns about the state of America’s cyber security. I am honored to represent a State that is an emerging center of technological ad-vancement and innovation, with the growing hub of computer companies ex-panding across a metropolitan area known as Silicon Slopes. The people of Utah recognize that our Nation’s fu-ture depends on America’s ability to compete in the digital area. They un-derstand we must create effective cyber security policies so we can con-tinue to lead the world in innovation and technology advancement. 
I am pleased to announce that an 
amended version of the Federal Com-puter Security Act is included in Chairman B
URR and Vice Chairman 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:46 Oct 21, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20OC6.060 S20OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7338 October 20, 2015 
FEINSTEIN ’s managers’ package. I wish 
to express my appreciation to both the chairman and vice chairman for their willingness to work with me in fine- tuning this legislation. I appreciate it. I wish to also thank Chairman R
ON 
JOHNSON and Ranking Member T OM 
CARPER of the Homeland Security and 
Governmental Affairs Committee for their efforts in this endeavor as well. 
In addition to broad bipartisan sup-
port in the Senate, the Federal Com-puter Security Act enjoys support from key industry stakeholders. Some of our Nation’s largest computer security firms support the bill, including Symantec, Adobe, and CA Tech-nologies. Several industry groups have also voiced their support, including the Business Software Alliance and the IT Alliance for the Public Sector. 
I commend Intelligence Committee 
Chairman B
URR and Vice Chairman 
FEINSTEIN for their leadership in man-
aging this critical cyber security legis-lation. As Leader M
CCONNELL works to 
restore the Senate to its proper func-tion, I am grateful we have been able to consider this legislation in an open and transparent fashion. By rein-stating the open amendment process, we have not only been able to vote on dozens of amendments this year, we have been able to refine legislation through robust consideration and de-bate. I think we voted on approxi-mately 160-plus amendments so far this year, and they are about evenly split between Democrats and Republicans. 
With the renewal of longstanding 
Senate practices, we are passing mean-ingful laws that will better serve the needs of the American people. May we build on the foundation of success as we work to improve this critically im-portant Cybersecurity Information Sharing Act. 
I wish to again thank the distin-
guished leaders of this Intelligence Committee. Having served 18 years on the Intelligence Committee, I really appreciate the work that both of them have done, especially on this bill, and I look forward to its passage. 
With that, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from California. 
Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Madam President, 
I thank the distinguished Senator from Utah for his words. They are much ap-preciated, as is his friendship as well. I think he knows that. I believe the chairman feels certainly as strongly if not more strongly than I do. 
I rose to be able to make a brief 
statement about the sanctuary bill as in morning business, if that is possible. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
STOP SANCTUARY POLICIES AND PROTECT  
AMERICANS BILL  
Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Madam President, 
I voted against Senator V ITTER ’s bill. I 
believe it goes much too far. My longer statement is in the R
ECORD , but I want 
to respond to some of what I heard today. I do believe we should ensure that there is a notification prior to re-lease of a dangerous individual with a 
criminal record, just as Senator S
CHU-
MER said on this floor. I do believe we 
could take a narrow action to do just that. We could focus on dangerous indi-viduals and not on all undocumented immigrants who happen to be taken into State or local custody. We could require notification without threat-ening vital law enforcement and local government funding, as Senator V
IT-
TER’s bill does. 
I had an amendment prepared for the 
Judiciary Committee’s consideration when the committee had scheduled the bill for markup over a series of weeks, but the committee canceled its mark-up, so we were on the floor today with a bill that has never been heard in full by the Judiciary Committee. 
Senator V
ITTER ’s bill includes a noti-
fication requirement and a detention requirement. It is not limited to those who are dangerous or have particular criminal records. It would cover a farmworker who was detained for a broken taillight or a mother who was detained for similar reasons, taking her away from her children. This is a standard that could be abused in an-other administration, and it is poten-tially a huge unfunded mandate to im-pose on States and localities. 
The bill would also impose lengthy 
criminal sentences at the Federal level for individuals coming across the bor-der to see their families or to perform work that is vital to the economy of California and the Nation. For exam-ple, in California, virtually the major-ity, if not all, of the farmworkers are undocumented. It happens to be a fact. It is why the agriculture jobs bill was part of the immigration reform act which was before this body and passed this body and went to the House and had no action. 
Although Members on the other side 
state that this bill has support among law enforcement, I will note that the Major Cities Chiefs Association, the Major County Sheriffs’ Association, the Fraternal Order of Police, the United States Conference of Mayors, and the National League of Cities are opposed to this bill or have submitted letters opposing threats to Federal law enforcement funding over this issue. 
So, bottom line, I do believe we 
should do something about the cir-cumstance that led to the tragic mur-der of Kate Steinle, which occurred in my city and State, and the tragic mur-der of Marilyn Pharis, which happened in the middle part of my State. I will support a reasonable effort to do just that, but this is not a targeted effort. It is too broad, and so I opposed it. My full statement is in the R
ECORD , but be-
cause it was spoken about on the floor, I did want to add these words. 
I thank the Presiding Officer, and I 
yield the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from North Carolina. 
Mr. BURR. Madam President, moving 
back to cyber security, we now have S. 754 before the Senate, and we have a managers’ package that is pending. We 
have a number of amendments that have been accepted and incorporated in the managers’ package. We have sev-eral amendments that we could not reach agreement on, but those Mem-bers have the opportunity to come to the Senate floor. The amendments are already pending. They can debate those amendments, and they can have a vote on their amendment. For Members who might just now be engaging or who have had an opportunity to further read the bill, there are still present op-portunities to offer perfecting amend-ments. 
Let me suggest to my colleagues that 
when the vice chairman and I started down this road, we knew we couldn’t reach unanimous consent of every com-pany in the country and every Member of Congress. It was our goal, and I think we are pretty close to it when we look at the numbers. But there will be companies that object to this bill for some reason that I might not recog-
nize. 
The vice chairman has said this and 
I have said it and I want to reiterate it another time: This bill is voluntary. It does not require any company in Amer-ica to participate in this. It does not require any entity to turn over infor-mation to the Federal Government for purposes of the Federal Government partnering with that company to deter-mine who hacked their system, who penetrated, and who exfiltrated per-sonal data. If a company has made the determination that they don’t want to support this bill for whatever reason, I am resigned to the fact that that is a debate between their customers and themselves. It is, in fact, their cus-tomers that have to question the ac-tions of the company. 
I can confidently tell my colleagues 
that Senator F
EINSTEIN and I have done 
everything to make sure there is wholesome participation by companies on a voluntary basis. We see tremen-dous value in those parts of our govern-ment that are experts at processing at-tacks like this to be able to identify who did it and what tools were used but, more importantly, what software defensive mechanism we can put on our systems to limit any additional exfiltration of data and, more broadly, to the rest of the business community say: Here is an attack that is in progress. Here is the tool they are using. Here is how you defend your data. 
Now, we leave open, if we pass it, 
that there may be a company that de-cides they don’t support this legisla-tion. They can still participate in this program. Do we think if they get a call from the Department of Homeland Se-curity or from the National Security Agency saying ‘‘Here is an attack that is happening; here is the tool they are using,’’ they are going to look at their system and say ‘‘Is it in our system?’’ They get the benefit of still partici-pating and partnering with the Federal Government, even though they didn’t support the legislation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:46 Oct 21, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20OC6.062 S20OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7339 October 20, 2015 
I know over the next day or so the 
vice chairman and I will concentrate on sharing with Members what is actu-ally in the managers’ package. We don’t leave it up to staff just to cover it. 
Let me just briefly share 15 points 
that I would make about the managers’ package. 
No. 1, it eliminates the government’s 
uses for noncyber crimes; in other words, a removal of the serious violent felonies. 
No. 2, it limits the authorizations to 
share cyber threat information for cyber security purposes, period. 
No. 3, it eliminates new FOIA exemp-
tions. In other words, everybody is under the same FOIA regulations that existed prior to this legislation being enacted. 
No. 4, it ensures defensive measures 
are properly limited. We can’t get wild and put these things in places that gov-ernment shouldn’t be, regardless of what the threat is. 
No. 5, it includes the Secretary of 
Homeland Security as coauthor—co-author—of government-sharing guide-lines. I think this is an incredibly im-portant part. The individual who is in charge of Homeland Security, that Sec-retary, is actively involved in the guidelines that are written. 
No. 6, it clarifies exceptions to the 
DHS portal entry point for the transfer of information. 
No. 7, it adds a requirement that the 
procedures for government sharing in-clude procedures for notifying U.S. per-sons whose personal information is known to have been shared in viola-tion—in violation—of this act. In other words, if a company mistakenly trans-mits information, the government is required to notify that individual. But, additionally, the government is statu-torily required not to disseminate that information to any other Federal agen-cy once it comes in and is identified. 
No. 8, it clarifies the real-time auto-
mated process for sharing through that DHS portal. 
No. 9, it clarifies that private entities 
are not required to share information with the Federal Government or an-other private entity. 
No. 10, it adds a Federal cyber secu-
rity enhancement title. 
No. 11, it adds a study on mobile de-
vice security. 
No. 12, it adds a requirement for the 
Secretary of State to produce an inter-national cyber space policy strategy. 
No. 13, it adds a reporting provision 
concerning the apprehension and pros-ecution of international cyber crimi-nals. 
No. 14, it improves the contents of 
the biannual report on CISA’s imple-mentation. My colleagues might re-member, as some have raised issues on this, they have said: Why are there not more reports? There are biannual re-ports on the implementation and how it is done. 
No. 15, and last, is additional tech-
nical and conforming edits. Now, we didn’t get into detail. We 
will get into detail later, but I say that because if that has in any way trig-gered with somebody who felt they were opposed to the bill because of something they were told was in it, maybe it was covered by one of those 15 things that I just talked about. They are things that were brought to the at-
tention of the vice chairman and me, and we sat down and looked at it. If we didn’t feel as though it changed the in-tent of the bill—and we have always erred on the side of protecting personal data, of not letting this legislation ex-tend outside of what it was intended to do. Where we have drawn the line is when we believed that the effort was to thwart the effectiveness of this legisla-tion. 
I will remind my colleagues one last 
time: This legislation does not prevent cyber attacks. This legislation is de-signed to minimize the loss of the per-sonal data of the customers of the com-panies that are penetrated by these cyber actors. 
As we stand here today, we have had 
some rather significant breaches with-in the United States. I remind my col-leagues that just today it was proposed that a high school student has hacked the unclassified accounts, the personal email, of the Secretary of the Depart-ment of Homeland Security and the Di-rector of the CIA. Is there anybody who really thinks that this is going to go away because we are having a debate in the Senate and in the Congress of the United States, that the people who commit these acts and go without any identification are going to quit? No. It is going to become more rampant and more rampant and more rampant. From the standpoint of 2 of 15 Members who are designated by the U.S. Senate and its leadership to, on behalf of the other 85, look at the most sensitive in-formation that our country can accu-mulate about threats, as many threads of threats as we look at today on the security of the American people, I think I can speak for the vice chair-man: We are just as concerned about the economic security of the United States based upon the threat that we are faced with from cyber actors here at home and, more importantly, around the world. 
I urge my colleagues, if you have 
something to contribute, come to the floor and contribute it. If you have an amendment already pending, come to the floor and debate it and vote on it. Give us the ability to work through the great thoughts of all 100 Members, but recognize the fact that those individ-uals whom you have entrusted to rep-resent you with the most sensitive in-formation that exists in our country came to a 14-to-1 vote when they passed this originally out of the Intel-ligence Committee. That is because of how grave we see the threat and how real the attackers are. 
I thank the vice chairman. She has 
been absolutely wonderful to work with through this process. We are going to have a long couple of days if 
we process all of this, but I am willing to be here as long as it takes so that we can move on to conference with the House. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from California. 
Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Madam President, 
I thank the chairman for those words. I have one little duty left. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2626 
Madam President, I call for the reg-
ular order with respect to Whitehouse amendment No. 2626. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
amendment is now pending. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2626, AS MODIFIED  
Mrs. FEINSTEIN. I ask that the 
amendment be modified with the changes that are at the desk. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
amendment is so modified. 
The amendment, as modified, is as 
follows: 
At the end, add the following: 
SEC. ll. STOPPING THE SALE OF AMERICANS’ 
FINANCIAL INFORMATION. 
Section 1029(h) of title 18, United States 
Code, is amended by striking ‘‘title if—’’ and all that follows through ‘‘therefrom.’’ and in-serting ‘‘title if the offense involves an ac-cess device issued, owned, managed, or con-trolled by a financial institution, account issuer, credit card system member, or other entity organized under the laws of the United States, or any State, the District of Columbia, or other Territory of the United States.’’. 
SEC. ll. SHUTTING DOWN BOTNETS. 
(a) A MENDMENT .—Section 1345 of title 18, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in the heading, by inserting ‘‘ and 
abuse ’’ after ‘‘ fraud ’’; 
(2) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘or’’ at 
the end; 
(ii) in subparagraph (C), by inserting ‘‘or’’ 
after the semicolon; and 
(iii) by inserting after subparagraph (C) the 
following: 
‘‘(D) violating or about to violate section 
1030(a)(5) where such conduct has caused or would cause damage (as defined in section 1030) without authorization to 100 or more protected computers (as defined in section 1030) during any 1-year period, including by— 
‘‘(i) impairing the availability or integrity 
of the protected computers without author-ization; or 
‘‘(ii) installing or maintaining control over 
malicious software on the protected com-puters that, without authorization, has caused or would cause damage to the pro-tected computers;’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (2), by inserting ‘‘, a viola-
tion described in subsection (a)(1)(D),’’ before ‘‘or a Federal’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) A restraining order, prohibition, or 
other action described in subsection (b), if issued in circumstances described in sub-section (a)(1)(D), may, upon application of the Attorney General— 
‘‘(1) specify that no cause of action shall 
lie in any court against a person for com-plying with the restraining order, prohibi-tion, or other action; and 
‘‘(2) provide that the United States shall 
pay to such person a fee for reimbursement for such costs as are reasonably necessary and which have been directly incurred in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:46 Oct 21, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20OC6.064 S20OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7340 October 20, 2015 
complying with the restraining order, prohi-
bition, or other action.’’. 
(b) T ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of section for chapter 63 is 
amended by striking the item relating to section 1345 and inserting the following: 
‘‘1345. Injunctions against fraud and abuse.’’. 
SEC. ll. AGGRAVATED DAMAGE TO A CRITICAL 
INFRASTRUCTURE COMPUTER. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 47 of title 18, 
United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 1030 the following: 
‘‘§ 1030A. Aggravated damage to a critical in-
frastructure computer 
‘‘(a) O
FFENSE .—It shall be unlawful, during 
and in relation to a felony violation of sec-tion 1030, to knowingly cause or attempt to cause damage to a critical infrastructure computer, if such damage results in (or, in the case of an attempted offense, would, if completed have resulted in) the substantial impairment— 
‘‘(1) of the operation of the critical infra-
structure computer; or 
‘‘(2) of the critical infrastructure associ-
ated with such computer. 
‘‘(b) P
ENALTY .—Any person who violates 
subsection (a) shall, in addition to the term of punishment provided for the felony viola-tion of section 1030, be fined under this title, imprisoned for not more than 20 years, or both. 
‘‘(c) C
ONSECUTIVE SENTENCE .—Notwith-
standing any other provision of law— 
‘‘(1) a court shall not place any person con-
victed of a violation of this section on proba-tion; 
‘‘(2) except as provided in paragraph (4), no 
term of imprisonment imposed on a person under this section shall run concurrently with any term of imprisonment imposed on the person under any other provision of law, including any term of imprisonment imposed for the felony violation of section 1030; 
‘‘(3) in determining any term of imprison-
ment to be imposed for the felony violation of section 1030, a court shall not in any way reduce the term to be imposed for such viola-tion to compensate for, or otherwise take into account, any separate term of imprison-ment imposed or to be imposed for a viola-tion of this section; and 
‘‘(4) a term of imprisonment imposed on a 
person for a violation of this section may, in the discretion of the court, run concurrently, in whole or in part, only with another term of imprisonment that is imposed by the court at the same time on that person for an additional violation of this section, if such discretion shall be exercised in accordance with any applicable guidelines and policy statements issued by the United States Sen-tencing Commission pursuant to section 994 of title 28. 
‘‘(d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section 
‘‘(1) the terms ‘computer’ and ‘damage’ 
have the meanings given the terms in sec-tion 1030; and 
‘‘(2) the term ‘critical infrastructure’ 
means systems and assets, whether physical or virtual, so vital to the United States that the incapacity or destruction of such sys-tems and assets would have catastrophic re-gional or national effects on public health or safety, economic security, or national secu-rity.’’. 
(b) T
ABLE OF SECTIONS .—The table of sec-
tions for chapter 47 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 1030 the following: 
‘‘1030A. Aggravated damage to a critical in-
frastructure computer.’’. 
SEC. ll. STOPPING TRAFFICKING IN BOTNETS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1030 of title 18, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (7), by adding ‘‘or’’ at the 
end; and 
(B) by inserting after paragraph (7) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(8) intentionally traffics in the means of 
access to a protected computer, if— 
‘‘(A) the trafficker knows or has reason to 
know the protected computer has been dam-aged in a manner prohibited by this section; and 
‘‘(B) the promise or agreement to pay for 
the means of access is made by, or on behalf of, a person the trafficker knows or has rea-son to know intends to use the means of ac-cess to— 
‘‘(i) damage the protected computer in a 
manner prohibited by this section; or 
‘‘(ii) violate section 1037 or 1343;’’; (2) in subsection (c)(3)— (A) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘(a)(4) 
or (a)(7)’’ and inserting ‘‘(a)(4), (a)(7), or (a)(8)’’; and 
(B) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘(a)(4), 
or (a)(7)’’ and inserting ‘‘(a)(4), (a)(7), or (a)(8)’’; 
(3) in subsection (e)— (A) in paragraph (11), by striking ‘‘and’’ at 
the end; 
(B) in paragraph (12), by striking the pe-
riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(13) the term ‘traffic’, except as provided 
in subsection (a)(6), means transfer, or other-wise dispose of, to another as consideration for the receipt of, or as consideration for a promise or agreement to pay, anything of pe-cuniary value.’’; and 
(4) in subsection (g), in the first sentence, 
by inserting ‘‘, except for a violation of sub-section (a)(8),’’ after ‘‘of this section’’. 
Mrs. FEINSTEIN. I thank the Chair 
and yield the floor. 
Mr. BURR. I suggest the absence of a 
quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. PERDUE. Madam President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
SANCTUARY CITIES BILL  
Mr. PERDUE. Madam President, I 
rise to speak very briefly about the Stop Sanctuary Cities Act, which I was proud to cosponsor in the Senate. Sim-ply put, this legislation protects Amer-ican citizens from criminal illegal im-migrants. Today, at least 340 cities across our country are choosing not to enforce our Nation’s immigration laws. These sanctuary cities have become a safe haven for criminals who are not only in the United States illegally but also are committing additional crimes and repeatedly reentering trying our country after being deported. This summer we witnessed the tragic im-pact this lawlessness has on American citizens when Kate Steinle was mur-dered in San Francisco, a sanctuary city, by a felon living in our country il-legally and who was previously de-ported five separate times. Three months prior to Kate’s tragic death, the Department of Homeland Security actually asked San Francisco to detain her murderer, but the sanctuary city refused to cooperate and released the criminal back into the community. Had they not done that, had they 
turned that person over to Homeland Security as they were requested, Kate might still be with us. 
This is unconscionable. I do not 
think I can overstate the importance of this Stop Sanctuary Cities Act to the American people and to the people of my home State of Georgia. The fact is that Kate Steinle did not have to die at the hands of a seven-time convicted felon and a five-time deportee. Kate and many others would not have died if our country had a functional immigra-tion system and a government that ac-tually enforces our laws. 
This is why it is absolutely crucial 
that we stop sanctuary cities and ad-dress this illegal immigration crisis, 
which has also become a national secu-rity crisis. This bill would have done just that, and yet we were not able to even get it on the floor to have a de-bate. This is what drives people in my home State absolutely apoplectic. We want to get these bills to the floor, have an open debate, and let’s let Americans see how we all vote on crit-ical issues like this. 
It is a very sad day, indeed, when this 
body cannot come together to stop rogue cities from breaking our Nation’s laws, protecting the livelihood of American citizens, and support our law enforcement officials. I thank Senator V
ITTER and Chairman G RASSLEY for 
working closely with the victims’ fami-lies and law enforcement to produce this legislation. I hope we can continue to debate this and get this bill back on the floor. I will keep fighting to stop this lawlessness and protect all Ameri-cans. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
G
ARDNER ). The clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent to speak as in morning business for up to 20 minutes. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
CLIMATE CHANGE  
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, 
last week the former head of the Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Ad-ministration, Robert M. Hoyt, passed away at the age of 92. Dr. Hoyt served this Nation under five Presidents and pioneered the peaceful use of satellites to understand our weather and climate. He said: 
We do have environmental problems and 
they’re serious ones, the preservation of spe-cies among them, but the climate is the en-vironmental problem that’s so pervasive in its effects on the society. . . . The climate is really the only environmental characteristic that can utterly change our society and our civilization. 
That was in 1977. That same year, 
James F. Black, a top scientific re-searcher at the Exxon Corporation, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:46 Oct 21, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20OC6.031 S20OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7341 October 20, 2015 
gave that company’s executives a simi-
lar warning. ‘‘[T]here is general sci-entific agreement,’’ he told Exxon’s Management Committee, ‘‘that the 
most likely manner in which mankind is influencing the global climate is through carbon dioxide release from the burning of fossil fuels.’’ According to emerging reports, Exxon executives kept that warning a closely guarded company secret for years. 
I rise today for the 115th time to urge 
that we wake up to the threat of cli-mate change. I rise in the midst of a decades-long purposeful corporate cam-paign of misinformation, which has held this Congress and this Nation back from taking meaningful action to prevent that utter change. 
Scrutiny of the corporate campaign 
of misinformation intensifies, and scrutiny of the fossil fuel polluters be-hind it intensifies, and the regular cast of rightwing climate denier attack dogs have their hackles up. 
On May 6 I gave a speech on the floor 
of the Senate. The speech compared the misinformation campaign by the fossil fuel industry about the dangers of car-bon pollution to the tobacco industry’s misinformation campaign about the dangers of its product. The relevance of that comparison is that the U.S. De-partment of Justice, under the civil provisions of the Federal racketeer in-fluenced and corrupt organizations statute—RICO for short—brought an action against the tobacco industry. The United States alleged that the to-bacco industry’s misinformation cam-paign was fraudulent, and the United States won in a lengthy and thorough decision by U.S. District Judge Gladys Kessler. 
You can go ahead and read them. 
DOJ’s complaint and Judge Kessler’s decision can be found at the Web sites of the Justice Department and the Public Health Law Center, respec-tively, and they are linked on my Web site, whitehouse.senate.gov/climate change. I will warn you that Judge Kessler’s decision is a long one, but it makes good reading. 
The comparison is strong. There are 
whole sections of the Department of Justice civil RICO complaint and whole sections of Judge Kessler’s deci-sion where you can remove the word ‘‘tobacco’’ and put in the word ‘‘car-bon’’ and remove the word ‘‘health’’ and put in the word ‘‘climate,’’ and the parallel with the fossil fuel industry climate denial campaign is virtually perfect. 
This is not an idea I just cooked up. 
Look at the academic work of Pro-fessor Robert Brulle of Drexel Univer-sity and Professor Riley Dunlap of Oklahoma State University. Look at the investigative work of Naomi Oreskes’ book ‘‘Merchants of Doubt,’’ David Michaels’ book ‘‘Doubt is Their Product,’’ and Gerald Markowitz and David Rosner’s book ‘‘Deceit and De-nial,’’ describing this industry-backed machinery of deception. 
Look at the journalistic work of 
Neela Banerjee, Lisa Song, David Hasemyer, and John Cushman, Jr., in 
the recent reporting of InsideClimate News about what Exxon knew about climate change versus the falsehoods that Exxon chose to tell the public. Look at a separate probe by journalists Sara Jerving, Katie Jennings, Masako Melissa Hirsch, and Susanne Rust in the Los Angeles Times. 
From all their work, we know now 
that Exxon, for instance, knew about the effect of its carbon pollution as far back as the late 1970s but ultimately chose to fund a massive misinforma-tion campaign rather than tell the truth. ‘‘No corporation,’’ said professor and climate change activist Bill McKibben, ‘‘has ever done anything this big and this bad.’’ 
Just today, the person who probably 
knows the most about the tobacco liti-gation, the assistant attorney general of the United States who prosecuted that case as a civil matter and won it in the U.S. District Court, Sharon Eubanks, said about the climate denial RICO idea: ‘‘I think a RICO action is plausible and should be considered.’’ 
This is how Judge Kessler depicted 
the culpable conduct of the tobacco in-dustry in her decision in that case: ‘‘Defendants have intentionally main-tained and coordinated their fraudu-lent position on addiction and nicotine as an important part of their overall efforts to influence public opinion and persuade people that smoking is not dangerous.’’ 
Now compare that to the findings of 
Dr. Brulle, whose research shines light on the dark-money campaigns that fund and support climate denial. This climate denial operation, to quote Dr. Brulle, is ‘‘a deliberate and organized effort to misdirect the public discus-sion and distort the public’s under-standing of climate.’’ 
The parallels between what the to-
bacco industry did and what the fossil fuel industry is doing now are so strik-ing, I suggested in my speech of May 6, that it was worth a look, that civil dis-covery could reveal whether the fossil fuel industry’s activities cross that same line into racketeering. 
I said that again in an op-ed piece I 
wrote in the Washington Post on May 29 regarding the civil RICO action against tobacco. Oh my, what a cater-wauling has ensued from the fossil fuel industry trolls. Here is a quick high-light reel of the tempest of rightwing invective. 
One climate denier, Christopher 
Monckton, declared: ‘‘Senator W
HITE-
HOUSE is a fascist goon.’’ 
Another denier compared me to 
Torquemada, the infamous torturer of the Inquisition. 
The official Exxon responder got so 
excited about this suggestion that he used a word I am not even allowed to use on the Senate floor. He forgot rule No. 1 in crisis management: Don’t lose your cool. 
The rightwing Web site breitbart.com 
responded by calling me ‘‘the prepos-terous Democrat senator for Rhode Is-land’’ and saying the notion that there 
is an industry-led effort to mislead the American people about the harm caused by carbon pollution is ‘‘a joke,’’ a conspiracy theory on par with Area 51 or the faking of the Moon landing. Well, tell that to the tobacco industry. 
Paul Gigot, the editorial page editor 
of the Wall Street Journal, said global warming concerns ‘‘are based on com-puter models, not by actual evidence, not by actual evidence of what we’ve seen so far.’’ Tell that to the scientists who measure the effects of climate change every day, particularly in our oceans. 
The polluter-funded George C. Mar-
shall Institute, a longtime climate de-nial outfit—and who knows how they got to take respectable George C. Mar-shall’s name and slap it on the front of a climate denial industry front—they wrote that this was an attack on con-stitutional rights. Well, that kind of presumes the answer because there is no constitutional right to commit fraud. 
Similarly, Calvin Beisner, founder of 
another phony baloney industry front called the Cornwall Alliance, said the same: The mere suggestion of consid-ering this action represents a ‘‘direct attack on the rights to freedom of speech and the press guaranteed by the First Amendment’’ and is ‘‘horrifically bad for science.’’ Coming from a science-denial outfit, that concern for science is rich. Again, fraud is not pro-tected by the First Amendment. 
In the National Review, I was ac-
cused of wanting to launch ‘‘organized crime investigations . . . against peo-ple and institutions that disagree with [me] about global warming’’ in order to ‘‘lock people up as Mafiosi.’’ Crime? Lock people up? Let’s remember, we are talking about civil RICO, not criminal. No one went to jail in the to-bacco case. Investigating the organized climate denial scheme under civil RICO is not about putting people in jail. 
Query why the National Review 
would mislead people about such an ob-vious fact, and they are not alone. The rightwing blogosphere has lit up with nonsense about how this is a criminal charge. Read the tobacco complaint. It is on the Department of Justice Web site. Even people who purport to be legal scholars are misleading folks that way. All a civil RICO case does is get people to actually have to tell the truth under oath in front of an actual impartial judge or jury and under cross-examination, which the Supreme Court has described as ‘‘the greatest legal invention ever invented for the discovery of truth.’’ No more spin and deception—but that is exactly the au-dience polluters and their allies cannot bear, so the flacks set off criminal smokescreens and launch fascist goon and Torquemada hysterics. 
A few weeks ago, 20 scientists agreed 
with me and wrote a letter to Attorney General Lynch supporting the idea of using civil RICO. That was too much for the troll-in-chief for the fossil fuel 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:35 Oct 21, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20OC6.067 S20OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7342 October 20, 2015 
industry, the Wall Street Journal edi-
torial page. The Wall Street Journal editorial page has long been an indus-try science-denial mouthpiece. They use the same playbook every time: one, deny the science; two, question the mo-tives of reformers; and three, exag-gerate the costs of reforms. 
For example, when scientists warned 
that chlorofluorocarbons could break down the atmosphere’s ozone layer, the Wall Street Journal ran editorials—for decades—devaluing the science, attack-ing scientists and reformers, and exag-gerating the costs associated with reg-ulating CFCs. It turns out they were dead wrong. 
When acid rain was falling in the 
Northeast, the Wall Street Journal edi-torial page questioned the science, claimed the sulphur dioxide cleanup ef-fort was driven by politics, and said fixing it carried a huge price tag. Ulti-mately, the Journal’s editorial page, after years of this, had to recant and admit that the cap-and-trade program for sulphur dioxide ‘‘saves about $700 million annually compared with the cost of traditional regulation and has been reducing emissions by four mil-lion tons annually.’’ 
Now, on climate change, the Journal 
is back to the same pattern: Deny the science, question the motives of cli-mate scientists, exaggerate the costs of tackling carbon pollution. 
For decades, the Journal has been 
persistently publishing editorials against taking any action to prevent manmade climate change. On this, the editorial page said that by talking about civil RICO, I am trying to ‘‘forc-ibly silence’’ the denial apparatus. Forcibly silence? First of all, against the billions of the Koch brothers and the billions of ExxonMobil, fat chance that I have much ‘‘force’’ to use. And silence? I don’t want them silent. I want them testifying in a forum where they have to tell the truth. 
Is the Journal really saying that in a 
forum where climate deniers have to tell the truth, their only response would have to be silence? Making them tell the truth ‘‘forcibly silences’’ them? The only thing civil RICO silences is fraud. 
By the way, the Journal editorial 
never mentions that the government won the civil RICO case against to-bacco and on very similar facts. That would detract from the fable. Whom does the Journal cast as their victim in their fable? None other than Willie Soon, whom they said I singled out for—this is what they said—having ‘‘published politically inconvenient re-search on changes in solar radiation.’’ Politically inconvenient research. 
Actually, what is inconvenient for 
Dr. Soon is that the New York Times reported that he got more than half his funding from big fossil fuel interests such as ExxonMobil and the Charles Koch Foundation to the tune of $1.2 million and didn’t disclose it. Dr. Soon’s research contracts even gave his industry backers a chance for comment and input before he published, and he 
referred to the papers he produced for them as ‘‘deliverables.’’ In case anyone listening doesn’t know this, that is not how real science works. Of course, none of this sordid financial conflict is even mentioned by the Wall Street Journal editorial page. They would rather pre-tend that Dr. Soon is being singled out for ‘‘politically inconvenient’’ views. Please. 
It gets better. In the editorial, the 
role of neutral expert commenting on all of this goes to Georgia Tech’s Ju-dith Curry. She offers the opinion that my ‘‘demand . . . for legal persecution . . . represents a new low in the politicization of science.’’ This is a par-ticularly rich and conflict-riddled opin-ion, as Ms. Curry is herself a repeat anti-climate witness performing regu-larly in committees for Republicans here in Congress. Again, there is no mention of this interest of Ms. Curry’s in the Wall Street Journal editorial. 
The fossil fuel industry’s climate de-
nial machine rivals or exceeds that of the tobacco industry in size, scope, and complexity. Its purpose is to cast doubt about the reality of climate change in order to forestall moves toward cleaner fuels and to allow the Kochs and the Exxons of the world to continue mak-ing money at everybody else’s expense. And the Wall Street Journal editorial page plays its part in this machine. 
Even though it is only the editorial 
page and not the Journal’s well-re-garded newsroom, facts and logic are supposed to matter. Ignoring the suc-cessful tobacco litigation, omitting the salient fact of Dr. Soon being paid by the industry involved in his research, and bringing in a climate denier as their neutral voice without even dis-closing that conflict—I would like to see the Wall Street Journal editorial page get that editorial by the editorial standards of their own newsroom. 
So why all the histrionics on the far 
right? Why all the deliberate subter-fuge between civil and criminal RICO? Why all the name-calling? Have we per-haps touched a little nerve? Have we made the hit a bit too close to home? Maybe a civil RICO case is indeed plau-sible and should be considered. Are the cracks in the dark castle of climate de-nial as it crumbles beginning to maybe rattle the occupants? 
Whatever the motivation of the Wall 
Street Journal and other rightwing cli-mate denial outfits, it is clearly long past time for this climate denial scheme to come in from the talk shows and the blogosphere and have to face the kind of truth-testing audience a civil RICO investigation could provide. It is time to let the facts take their place and let climate denial face that greatest legal engine ever invented for the discovery of truth. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The bill clerk proceeded to call the 
roll. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
send a cloture motion to the desk for the Burr-Feinstein amendment No. 2716. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-
ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. 
The bill clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  
We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-
ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the amendment No. 2716 to S. 754, a bill to im-prove cybersecurity in the United States through enhanced sharing of information about cybersecurity threats, and for other purposes. 
Mitch McConnell, John Cornyn, Johnny 
Isakson, Richard Burr, John McCain, Shelley Moore Capito, Orrin G. Hatch, John Thune, Chuck Grassley, Pat Rob-erts, John Barrasso, Jeff Flake, Lamar Alexander, Bill Cassidy, Deb Fischer, Susan M. Collins, Patrick J. Toomey. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
send a cloture motion to the desk for the underlying bill, S. 754. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-
ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. 
The bill clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  
We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-
ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on S. 754, an original bill to improve cybersecurity in the United States through enhanced sharing of information about cybersecurity threats, and for other purposes. 
Mitch McConnell, John Cornyn, Johnny 
Isakson, Richard Burr, John McCain, Shelley Moore Capito, Orrin G. Hatch, John Thune, Chuck Grassley, Pat Rob-erts, John Barrasso, Jeff Flake, Lamar Alexander, Bill Cassidy, Deb Fischer, Susan M. Collins, Patrick J. Toomey. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
VOTE EXPLANATION 
Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, on Sep-
tember 28, 2015, I was unable to vote on the motion to proceed to a short-term budget—continuing resolution—that, among other measures, denied tax-payer funding to Planned Parenthood. I would have voted no. 
On September 30, 2015, I was unable 
to vote on final passage of a short-term budget—continuing resolution—to fund 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:04 Oct 21, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20OC6.068 S20OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7343 October 20, 2015 
the government through December 11, 
2015, including taxpayer funding for Planned Parenthood. I would have voted no. 
f 
REMEMBERING JEFFREY A. 
MATHIAS 
Mr. MARKEY. Mr. President, I am a 
cosponsor of a resolution the Senate is likely to pass this evening honoring the lives of the 33 crew members aboard the El Faro which sank near the 
Bahamas during Hurricane Joaquin earlier this month. 
I want to take this opportunity to ex-
press my deepest sympathy and sincere condolences to the family of El Faro 
crewman Jeffrey A. Mathias of King-ston, MA. He was just 42 years old. 
Jeff loved the sea. When he attended 
Tabor Academy, he learned how to sail aboard the school’s sailing ship the Tabor Boy . Jeff followed his passion to 
the prestigious Massachusetts Mari-time Academy, where in 1996 he grad-uated with a degree in marine engi-neering. Upon graduation, he worked at Seamass and then Altran, where he was involved with nuclear power plants. In 1998, he landed his dream job on a cargo vessel. 
Jeff sailed to Africa, Europe, North 
Korea, Alaska, Hawaii, California, and the Caribbean. He reached the officer’s position of chief engineer and was re-sponsible for shaft repairs on many vessels. 
Jeff leaves his beloved wife, Jennifer 
Brides Mathias; his 3 adored children, daughters Hayden, 7, Heidi, 5, and son, Caleb, 3, all of Kingston. He also leaves behind his parents, J. Barry and Lydia Jones Mathias, of Kingston and his brother John. 
Another son of Massachusetts who 
loved the sea was President John F. Kennedy. He famously stated, ‘‘I really don’t know why it is that all of us are so committed to the sea, except I think it’s because in addition to the fact that the sea changes, and the light changes, and ships change, it’s because we all came from the sea. And it is an inter-esting biological fact that all of us have in our veins the exact same per-centage of salt in our blood that exists in the ocean, and, therefore, we have salt in our blood, in our sweat, in our tears. We are tied to the ocean. And when we go back to the sea—whether it is to sail or to watch it—we are going back from whence we came.’’ 
I also offer my condolences to the 
family, friends, and loved ones of every member of the El Faro crew. 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
TRIBUTE TO SERGEANT MICHAELA 
BOUSHEY AND STAFF SERGEANT SHAYNE BOUSHEY 
∑Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I wish to 
recognize SGT Michaela Boushey and SSG Shayne Boushey as Montanans of the Week. These two soldiers represent not only the best that Montana has to 
offer, but the best this country has to offer. 
SGT Michaela Boushey served in the 
Montana Army National Guard for 8 years. For 4 years, she served in the 112th Security and Support Detach-ment Aviation Unit whose mission is to protect our borders, collect and transmit intelligence, and to provide support for the Department of Justice. Michaela’s commitments and service to our country has never faltered, and we are so grateful for her service, sac-rifice, and loyalty to our great Nation. 
Her husband, SSG Shayne Boushey, 
was deployed with both the infantry battalion and the military police com-pany. During his deployment to Af-ghanistan, Shayne and his team were targeted by Taliban forces. When a sui-cide bomber detonated himself, 6 were killed and 13 were seriously wounded. Shayne’s fast thinking, bravery, and resolve in this life-threatening situa-tion saved the lives of many in his team. 
We owe our freedom to these soldiers 
and the thousands of American service-members like them. It is with the hum-blest gratitude that I thank them for their courage and unwavering loyalty. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO CHASE DELLWO 
∑Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, today I 
would like to highlight an incredibly courageous Montanan and a man very dear to my staff and me: Chase Dellwo. Chase is a strong example of the cour-age, bravery, and quick thinking that sets Montanans apart. 
Chase Dellwo, like myself and many 
other Montanans, is a hunter. In recent weeks, however, Chase showed resolve that many could never achieve. While bow hunting with his brother recently, Chase climbed up a narrow creek ex-pecting to drive a herd of elk toward his waiting brother. 
Having been focused on the elk, 
Chase did not notice the sleeping griz-zly bear 3 feet from where he stood. Startling the now awake animal, Chase soon found himself head to head with this 400-pound bear. Chase recounts later that there was no time for him to draw his weapon back before he had been knocked off his feet and bit on the top and back of his head. 
With his eye swollen shut, part of his 
scalp hanging over his eye, and blood pouring from his wounds, he suffered through the animal’s repeated assaults. This attack in normal circumstances 
would have been the end of a hunter’s life, but not in the case of Chase Dellwo. Mid-attack, Chase remembered an article his grandmother had sent him about large animals having ter-rible gag reflexes. 
This quick thinking led him to 
plunge his arm down the animal’s throat, enacting the bear’s gag reflex, and subsequently scaring the animal away. Despite incredible disorienta-tion, he found his way to his brother and was in turn rushed to the nearest hospital. After undergoing multiple hours of 
surgery to fix his many lacerations, Chase sat with his wife, defending the bear, saying that it had been just as startled as he had. His many injuries led to multiple stitches, staples, and a hospital stay, but this 26-year-old re-mains alive and has encouraged Mon-tana residents to be more aware of the animals that share their land. 
I commend Chase on his courage and 
smarts that saved his life and wish him luck on both his recovery and the up-coming hunting season. ∑ 
f 
REMEMBERING BETTE BAILLY 
∑Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I wish 
to honor the life of Bette Bailly from Burlington, CO, who passed away ear-lier this month after serving nearly 50 years in the broadcast industry. 
Bette was an inspiration to others in 
her professional life and in her commu-nity. She was due to celebrate 50 years of dedicated service at her station, KNAB–AM, in just 2 years’ time and was honored and recognized with nu-merous awards throughout her career. As a businesswoman, Bette was hard- charging and took a no-nonsense ap-proach to broadcasting. Her tenacity was well known and respected through-out Northeastern Colorado. 
Bette was also devoted to the Bur-
lington community. She volunteered her time at the Burlington Chamber of Commerce, the Rotary Club, numerous local boards, and her church. 
Undoubtedly, Bette will be missed 
dearly by her family, her community, and the State of Colorado. We will never forget her contributions to local broadcasting. ∑ 
f 
RECOGNIZING BERKLEY SCHOOLS 
∑Mr. PETERS. Mr. President, I wish 
to recognize the 175th Anniversary of Berkley Schools. I appreciate the op-portunity to recognize this truly sig-nificant milestone in the history of the Berkley School District and the city of Berkley, MI. I am proud of Berkley’s enduring commitment to providing quality public education and wish it many more decades of successful serv-ice to its students and their families. 
Throughout its history, the Berkley 
School District has set the benchmark in public education, ensuring its stu-dents are prepared for success, both as individuals and leaders in an increas-ingly global community. The district’s continued dedication to academics is apparent in its recognition by North Central Accreditation, as well as the many honors its students have received in marketing, communications, lit-eracy and poetry, robotics, and video production. Berkley High School boasts 21 advanced placement and col-lege level courses—more than any other traditional high school campus— and provides the highest math cur-riculum of any high school in Michi-gan’s Oakland County. Additionally, the district’s Norup International 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:35 Oct 21, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20OC6.033 S20OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7344 October 20, 2015 
School is the United States only K–8 
International Baccalaureate program housed on one campus. It is no surprise Berkley High School enjoys a 98 per-cent graduation rate, with nearly 100 percent of those graduates enrolling in colleges and universities. 
In addition to ensuring its students’ 
success in the classroom, the Berkley School District provides an oppor-tunity for students to participate in a wide variety of varsity sports, clubs, and student organizations. From foot-ball and softball, to rugby and skiing, 
students can compete for the Berkley Bears throughout the year. Students also entertain as members of the high school’s marching band, symphonic band, concert band, and jazz band, as well as with its three choirs and the-ater program. I applaud the Berkley School District for providing opportu-nities for students to explore art, music, and literature. 
Berkley had been associated with 
education for nearly a century when the city was incorporated in 1932. The Berkley School was mentioned as part of the Royal Oak Township School Dis-trict No. 7 in 1840. It was housed in the Blackmon School, at the corner of Coo-lidge and Catalpa, from 1840 until a new school building was established in 1901. The new building, named South School, was located at the northeast corner of Coolidge and 11 Mile Road until it was converted into a dormitory for teachers in 1920. The district’s growth was swift. In 1921, the district built Angell School, a four-room build-ing, on Bacon Street. Four years later, in 1925, the district added two more schools, Pattengill and Burton, which were occupied before they were even completed. 
Despite its success, the Berkley 
School District was not immune to the hardships of the Great Depression. In January 1930, all pupils were placed on half days, half of the faculty was dis-missed, bus service was eliminated, and the gym was closed. The following year, the district was forced to close Burton and Pattengill schools. Fortu-nately, both schools were reopened in time for the ‘‘baby boom’’ that fol-lowed the end of World War II. As the district’s population grew, Berkley High School opened in 1949, followed by Tyler and Oxford Schools in 1951; Ham-ilton School in 1952; and the district’s two junior high schools, Anderson and Norup, in 1956 and 1957. 
Today, the Berkley School District 
continues to be a leader in providing excellent public education in the State of Michigan. It serves as an example of how community-driven, quality edu-cation can not only enrich the lives of students, but also drive the growth and quality of life in the surrounding com-munity for generations. I am pleased to help celebrate the 175th Anniversary of Berkley Schools and wish it many more decades of successful service to its students and their families. ∑ RECOGNIZING THE UNIVERSITY OF 
CENTRAL FLORIDA’S COLLE-GIATE CYBER DEFENSE CLUB 
∑Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, as Octo-
ber marks Cyber Security Awareness Month, I wish to recognize the Univer-sity of Central Florida, UCF, Colle-giate Cyber Defense Club on winning the 2015 National Collegiate Cyber De-fense Competition’s Alamo Cup for a second year in a row in April 2015. This achievement not only exemplifies the boundless educational opportunities provided by UCF, but also dem-onstrates how students in Florida are leading the next generation of growth and development in increasingly vital 21st century industries. 
The UCF Collegiate Cyber Defense 
Club, also known as Hack@UCF was founded in 2012 and today has 200 mem-bers that represent the university in cyber competitions around the Nation. 
Most notably, Hack@UCF annually competes in the National Collegiate Cyber Defense Competition, CCDC. In partnership with the Center for Infra-structure Assurance and Security, CIAS, at the University of Texas at San Antonio, the CCDC started in 2005 to provide educational institutions with a controlled environment to fur-ther educate and assess the future gen-eration’s skills in combatting cyber at-tacks. This year, the competition chal-lenged 2,400 undergraduate and grad-uate students representing 200 colleges and universities to operate and main-tain a mock business, while continu-ously defending against cyber attacks created by government and industry experts. 
I am proud that the talented students 
of UCF were able to stand out as the best collegiate team during the com-petition for the past 2 years. As our Na-tion will continue to face the threat of cyber attacks on our economy, busi-nesses, and national security, it is crit-ical to promote and invest in edu-cational programs that empower stu-dents and provide them with the nec-essary tools to be successful in this in-dustry. 
It is an honor to congratulate all 
members of the UCF Collegiate Cyber Defense Club on this achievement. I hope it will inspire other students in the State of Florida and across the Na-tion to get involved in the cyber secu-rity industry. I wish the group an abundance of success in the future and the best of luck in next year’s competi-tion. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DR. FRANK 
FIERMONTE 
∑Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, I wish 
to recognize Dr. Frank Fiermonte, a physician from Orleans, VT, who cared for the people of Vermont’s North Country with distinction for many years. As Vermont’s Northland Journal prepares to publish the final install-ment of a series on Dr. Fiermonte, I want to join in recognizing his service to Vermont. Dr. Fiermonte was a true ‘‘country 
doctor’’ who was willing to travel long distances to see his patients at all hours and in all seasons. I have heard Frank tell many an anecdote about how, after a home visit to a rural area, family and friends of the patient had to help him get his car unstuck during mud season or dug out from a snow bank in the winter. 
Like many country doctors, he 
served a vast area, encompassing not just his hometown of Derby, but also a wide swath of Orleans and Essex Coun-ties and even across the border into Quebec. Yet he intimately knew all of the families he served, which some-times spanned several generations. The stories from North Country residents in the Northland Journal make it clear that Dr. Fiermonte made a tremendous impact on the community. This quote from a former Derby resident stands out in particular: ‘‘Dr. Fiermonte was a godsend to the Derby area. He was al-ways available day or night.’’ 
What always strikes me most about 
Frank is how personal the practice of medicine was for him. In today’s mod-ern world, health care can sometimes be a very impersonal experience. In fact, there is much discussion in Vermont and Washington about return-ing to a more patient-centered system. We would do well to learn from people like Dr. Frank Fiermonte and his con-temporaries, who are the embodiment of that ideal. Motivated by the desire to serve his community and deliver the best care possible, for Dr. Fiermonte, it was all about the patient. 
Dr. Frank Fiermonte has earned my 
deepest respect, and I thank him for his years of service to the North Coun-try. ∑ 
f 
MEASURES PLACED ON THE 
CALENDAR 
The following bills were read the sec-
ond time, and placed on the calendar: 
S. 2181. A bill to provide guidance and pri-
orities for Federal Government obligations in the event that the debt limit is reached. 
S. 2182. A bill to cut, cap, and balance the 
Federal budget. 
S. 2183. A bill to reauthorize and reform 
the Export-Import Bank of the United States, and for other purposes. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND 
JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
The following bills and joint resolu-
tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. RUBIO (for himself and Mr. 
CARDIN ): 
S. 2184. A bill to direct the President to es-
tablish guidelines for United States foreign development and economic assistance pro-grams, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations. 
By Ms. HEITKAMP (for herself, Ms. 
A
YOTTE , Ms. C OLLINS , Mrs. C APITO , 
Mr. H OEVEN , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Ms. 
KLOBUCHAR , Ms. H IRONO , and Mrs. 
GILLIBRAND ): 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:46 Oct 21, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20OC6.001 S20OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7345 October 20, 2015 
S. 2185. A bill to require the Secretary of 
the Treasury to mint coins in recognition of the fight against breast cancer; to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs. 
By Mr. RUBIO: 
S. 2186. A bill to provide the legal frame-
work necessary for the growth of innovative private financing options for students to fund postsecondary education, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finance. 
f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND 
SENATE RESOLUTIONS 
The following concurrent resolutions 
and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. PAUL (for himself and Mr. R OB-
ERTS ): 
S. Res. 290. A resolution expressing the 
sense of the Senate that any protocol to, or other agreement regarding, the United Na-tions Framework Convention on Climate Change of 1992, negotiated at the 2015 United Nations Climate Change Conference in Paris will be considered a treaty requiring the ad-vice and consent of the Senate; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations. 
f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 134 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the 
name of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 134, a bill to amend the Con-trolled Substances Act to exclude in-dustrial hemp from the definition of marihuana, and for other purposes. 
S. 314 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the 
names of the Senator from Montana (Mr. T
ESTER ) and the Senator from 
Kansas (Mr. M ORAN ) were added as co-
sponsors of S. 314, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for coverage under the Medi-care program of pharmacist services. 
S. 370 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the 
name of the Senator from Nevada (Mr. H
ELLER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
370, a bill to require breast density re-porting to physicians and patients by facilities that perform mammograms, and for other purposes. 
S. 403 
At the request of Ms. K LOBUCHAR , the 
name of the Senator from North Da-kota (Ms. H
EITKAMP ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 403, a bill to revise the au-thorized route of the North Country National Scenic Trail in northeastern Minnesota and to extend the trail into Vermont to connect with the Appa-lachian National Scenic Trail, and for other purposes. 
S. 613 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , 
the names of the Senator from Wash-ington (Mrs. M
URRAY ) and the Senator 
from Montana (Mr. T ESTER ) were added 
as cosponsors of S. 613, a bill to amend the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act to improve the efficiency of summer meals. 
S. 637 
At the request of Mr. C RAPO , the 
name of the Senator from North Da-kota (Mr. H OEVEN ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 637, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to extend and modify the railroad track mainte-nance credit. 
S. 851 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the 
name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. A
YOTTE ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 851, a bill to promote neu-trality, simplicity, and fairness in the taxation of digital goods and digital services. 
S. 1013 
At the request of Mr. S CHUMER , the 
name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. M
URPHY ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1013, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for coverage and payment for complex re-habilitation technology items under the Medicare program, and for other purposes. 
S. 1077 
At the request of Mr. B ENNET , the 
name of the Senator from Indiana (Mr. D
ONNELLY ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 1077, a bill to provide for expedited development of and priority review for breakthrough devices. 
S. 1082 
At the request of Mr. I NHOFE , his 
name was added as a cosponsor of S. 1082, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for the removal or demotion of employees of the De-partment of Veterans Affairs based on performance or misconduct, and for other purposes. 
S. 1315 
At the request of Mr. E NZI, the names 
of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. M
ORAN ) and the Senator from Montana 
(Mr. T ESTER ) were added as cosponsors 
of S. 1315, a bill to protect the right of law-abiding citizens to transport knives interstate, notwithstanding a patchwork of local and State prohibi-tions. 
S. 1375 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , the 
name of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. B
OOKER ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1375, a bill to designate as wilder-ness certain Federal portions of the red rock canyons of the Colorado Plateau and the Great Basin Deserts in the State of Utah for the benefit of present and future generations of people in the United States. 
S. 1394 
At the request of Mr. M ERKLEY , the 
name of the Senator from Washington (Ms. C
ANTWELL ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 1394, a bill to amend the Fed-eral Water Pollution Control Act to es-tablish within the Environmental Pro-tection Agency a Columbia River Basin Restoration Program. 
S. 1493 
At the request of Mr. I SAKSON , the 
name of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. R
OBERTS ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 1493, a bill to provide for an increase, effective December 1, 2015, in the rates of compensation for veterans with serv-ice-connected disabilities and the rates 
of dependency and indemnity com-pensation for the survivors of certain disabled veterans, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 1520 
At the request of Ms. K LOBUCHAR , the 
names of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D
URBIN ) and the Senator from Illinois 
(Mr. K IRK) were added as cosponsors of 
S. 1520, a bill to protect victims of stalking from violence. 
S. 1539 
At the request of Mrs. M URRAY , the 
name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. W
YDEN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1539, a bill to amend the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act to establish a permanent, nationwide summer electronic benefits transfer for children program. 
S. 1559 
At the request of Ms. A YOTTE , the 
names of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ), the Senator from 
Wisconsin (Ms. B ALDWIN ), the Senator 
from Massachusetts (Mr. M ARKEY ) and 
the Senator from Maine (Ms. C OLLINS ) 
were added as cosponsors of S. 1559, a bill to protect victims of domestic vio-lence, sexual assault, stalking, and dat-ing violence from emotional and psy-chological trauma caused by acts of vi-olence or threats of violence against their pets. 
S. 1624 
At the request of Ms. S TABENOW , the 
name of the Senator from Iowa (Mr. G
RASSLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 1624, a bill to provide predictability and certainty in the tax law, create jobs, and encourage investment. 
S. 1686 
At the request of Ms. B ALDWIN , the 
name of the Senator from California (Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1686, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to pro-vide for the proper tax treatment of personal service income earned in pass- thru entities. 
S. 1766 
At the request of Mr. S CHATZ , the 
names of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
ARPER ) and the Senator from 
Missouri (Mrs. M CCASKILL ) were added 
as cosponsors of S. 1766, a bill to direct the Secretary of Defense to review the discharge characterization of former members of the Armed Forces who were discharged by reason of the sexual orientation of the member, and for other purposes. 
S. 1767 
At the request of Mr. I SAKSON , the 
name of the Senator from Indiana (Mr. D
ONNELLY ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 1767, a bill to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act with re-spect to combination products, and for other purposes. 
S. 1789 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, the 
names of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ), the Senator from South Da-
kota (Mr. R OUNDS ) and the Senator 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:46 Oct 21, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20OC6.006 S20OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7346 October 20, 2015 
from Connecticut (Mr. M URPHY ) were 
added as cosponsors of S. 1789, a bill to improve defense cooperation between the United States and the Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan. 
S. 1801 
At the request of Ms. K LOBUCHAR , the 
name of the Senator from Montana (Mr. T
ESTER ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1801, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to treat certain farming business machinery and equip-ment as 5-year property for purposes of depreciation. 
S. 1831 
At the request of Mr. T OOMEY , the 
names of the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) and the Senator from 
New Mexico (Mr. U DALL ) were added as 
cosponsors of S. 1831, a bill to revise section 48 of title 18, United States Code, and for other purposes. 
S. 1833 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the 
name of the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. R
EED) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 1833, a bill to amend the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act to improve the child and adult care food program. 
S. 1882 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the 
name of the Senator from California (Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1882, a bill to support the sustainable recovery and rebuilding of Nepal following the recent, devastating earthquakes near Kathmandu. 
S. 1926 
At the request of Ms. M IKULSKI , the 
names of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Mr. M
ARKEY ) and the Senator 
from New York (Mrs. G ILLIBRAND ) were 
added as cosponsors of S. 1926, a bill to ensure access to screening mammog-raphy services. 
S. 1931 
At the request of Mr. M ORAN , the 
name of the Senator from Minnesota (Mr. F
RANKEN ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 1931, a bill to reaffirm that certain land has been taken into trust for the benefit of certain Indian tribes. 
S. 1944 
At the request of Mr. S ULLIVAN , the 
name of the Senator from Utah (Mr. L
EE) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1944, a bill to require each agency to re-peal or amend 1 or more rules before issuing or amending a rule. 
S. 2002 
At the request of Mr. C ORNYN , the 
names of the Senator from Missouri (Mr. B
LUNT ) and the Senator from Kan-
sas (Mr. R OBERTS ) were added as co-
sponsors of S. 2002, a bill to strengthen our mental health system and improve public safety. 
S. 2028 
At the request of Mr. P AUL, the name 
of the Senator from Maine (Ms. C OL-
LINS) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
2028, a bill to amend the Federal Credit Union Act, to advance the ability of credit unions to promote small busi-ness growth and economic development opportunities, and for other purposes. S. 2034 
At the request of Mr. T OOMEY , the 
names of the Senator from Wyoming (Mr. B
ARRASSO ), the Senator from Ar-
kansas (Mr. C OTTON ), the Senator from 
Idaho (Mr. R ISCH), the Senator from 
Idaho (Mr. C RAPO ), the Senator from 
Wisconsin (Mr. J OHNSON ), the Senator 
from Nebraska (Mrs. F ISCHER ), the Sen-
ator from Louisiana (Mr. C ASSIDY ), the 
Senator from Utah (Mr. L EE), the Sen-
ator from Arizona (Mr. M CCAIN), the 
Senator from Montana (Mr. D AINES ), 
the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. I
NHOFE ) and the Senator from Utah 
(Mr. H ATCH ) were added as cosponsors 
of S. 2034, a bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to provide addi-tional aggravating factors for the im-position of the death penalty based on the status of the victim. 
S. 2042 
At the request of Mrs. M URRAY , the 
name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 2042, a bill to amend the National Labor Relations Act to strengthen pro-tections for employees wishing to advo-cate for improved wages, hours, or other terms or conditions of employ-ment and to provide for stronger rem-edies for interference with these rights, and for other purposes. 
S. 2067 
At the request of Mr. W ICKER , the 
names of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) and the Senator 
from Delaware (Mr. C ARPER ) were 
added as cosponsors of S. 2067, a bill to establish EUREKA Prize Competitions to accelerate discovery and develop-ment of disease-modifying, preventive, or curative treatments for Alzheimer’s disease and related dementia, to en-courage efforts to enhance detection and diagnosis of such diseases, or to en-hance the quality and efficiency of care of individuals with such diseases. 
S. 2136 
At the request of Mr. V ITTER , the 
name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 2136, a bill to establish the Re-gional SBIR State Collaborative Initia-tive Pilot Program, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 2145 
At the request of Mr. L EAHY , the 
names of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D
URBIN ), the Senator from New Hamp-
shire (Mrs. S HAHEEN ) and the Senator 
from Connecticut (Mr. M URPHY ) were 
added as cosponsors of S. 2145, a bill to make supplemental appropriations for fiscal year 2016. 
S. 2146 
At the request of Mr. V ITTER , the 
names of the Senator from Nebraska (Mrs. F
ISCHER ) and the Senator from 
South Carolina (Mr. S COTT) were added 
as cosponsors of S. 2146, a bill to hold sanctuary jurisdictions accountable for defying Federal law, to increase pen-alties for individuals who illegally re-enter the United States after being re-moved, and to provide liability protec-tion for State and local law enforce-ment who cooperate with Federal law 
enforcement and for other purposes. 
S. 2148 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the 
names of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ), the Senator from 
California (Mrs. B OXER ) and the Sen-
ator from Connecticut (Mr. M URPHY ) 
were added as cosponsors of S. 2148, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to prevent an increase in the Medicare part B premium and de-ductible in 2016. 
S. 2163 
At the request of Ms. K LOBUCHAR , the 
name of the Senator from West Vir-ginia (Mrs. C
APITO ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 2163, a bill to amend title 23, United States Code, to direct the Secretary of Transportation to require that broadband conduits be installed as a part of certain highway construction projects, and for other purposes. 
S. RES. 282 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the 
name of the Senator from Maine (Ms. C
OLLINS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
Res. 282, a resolution supporting the goals and ideals of American Diabetes Month. 
f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 290—EX-
PRESSING THE SENSE OF THE SENATE THAT ANY PROTOCOL TO, OR OTHER AGREEMENT RE-GARDING, THE UNITED NATIONS FRAMEWORK CONVENTION ON CLIMATE CHANGE OF 1992, NEGO-TIATED AT THE 2015 UNITED NA-TIONS CLIMATE CHANGE CON-FERENCE IN PARIS WILL BE CONSIDERED A TREATY REQUIR-ING THE ADVICE AND CONSENT OF THE SENATE 
Mr. PAUL (for himself and Mr. R
OB-
ERTS ) submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was referred to the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations: 
S. R ES. 290 
Whereas the 105th Congress passed S. Res. 
98, which required the Kyoto Protocol to the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change of 1992 to receive Senate ad-vice and consent prior to ratification: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That it is the sense of the Senate 
that any protocol to, or other agreement re-garding, the United Nations Framework Con-vention on Climate Change of 1992, nego-tiated at the 2015 United Nations Climate Change Conference in Paris will be consid-ered a treaty requiring the advice and con-sent of the Senate. 
f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND 
PROPOSED 
SA 2713. Mr. WHITEHOUSE (for himself 
and Mr. G RAHAM ) submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 754, to improve cybersecurity in the United States through enhanced sharing of informa-tion about cybersecurity threats, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:46 Oct 21, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20OC6.011 S20OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7347 October 20, 2015 
SA 2714. Mr. BARRASSO submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 209, to amend the Indian Tribal Energy Development and Self-Determination Act of 2005, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2715. Mr. PAUL submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 754, to improve cybersecurity in the United States through enhanced sharing of information about cybersecurity threats, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2716. Mr. BURR (for himself and Mrs. 
F
EINSTEIN ) proposed an amendment to the 
bill S. 754, supra. 
SA 2717. Mr. UDALL (for himself, Mrs. 
SHAHEEN , Mr. T ESTER , and Mr. M ERKLEY ) 
submitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed by him to the bill S. 754, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2718. Mr. UDALL (for himself, Mrs. 
S
HAHEEN , Mr. T ESTER , and Mr. M ERKLEY ) 
submitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed by him to the bill S. 754, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2719. Mr. ALEXANDER submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 754, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS 
SA 2713. Mr. WHITEHOUSE (for him-
self and Mr. G RAHAM ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 754, to improve cyber-security in the United States through enhanced sharing of information about cybersecurity threats, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end, add the following: 
SEC. ll. STOPPING THE SALE OF AMERICANS’ 
FINANCIAL INFORMATION. 
Section 1029(h) of title 18, United States 
Code, is amended by striking ‘‘title if—’’ and all that follows through ‘‘therefrom.’’ and in-serting ‘‘title if the offense involves an ac-cess device issued, owned, managed, or con-trolled by a financial institution, account issuer, credit card system member, or other entity organized under the laws of the United States, or any State, the District of Columbia, or other Territory of the United States.’’. 
SEC. ll. SHUTTING DOWN BOTNETS. 
(a) A MENDMENT .—Section 1345 of title 18, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in the heading, by inserting ‘‘ and 
abuse ’’ after ‘‘ fraud ’’; 
(2) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘or’’ at 
the end; 
(ii) in subparagraph (C), by inserting ‘‘or’’ 
after the semicolon; and 
(iii) by inserting after subparagraph (C) the 
following: 
‘‘(D) violating or about to violate section 
1030(a)(5) where such conduct has caused or would cause damage (as defined in section 1030) without authorization to 100 or more protected computers (as defined in section 1030) during any 1-year period, including by— 
‘‘(i) impairing the availability or integrity 
of the protected computers without author-ization; or 
‘‘(ii) installing or maintaining control over 
malicious software on the protected com-puters that, without authorization, has caused or would cause damage to the pro-tected computers;’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (2), by inserting ‘‘, a viola-
tion described in subsection (a)(1)(D),’’ before ‘‘or a Federal’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(c) A restraining order, prohibition, or 
other action described in subsection (b), if issued in circumstances described in sub-section (a)(1)(D), may, upon application of the Attorney General— 
‘‘(1) specify that no cause of action shall 
lie in any court against a person for com-plying with the restraining order, prohibi-tion, or other action; and 
‘‘(2) provide that the United States shall 
pay to such person a fee for reimbursement for such costs as are reasonably necessary and which have been directly incurred in complying with the restraining order, prohi-bition, or other action.’’. 
(b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of section for chapter 63 is 
amended by striking the item relating to section 1345 and inserting the following: 
‘‘1345. Injunctions against fraud and abuse.’’. 
SEC. ll. AGGRAVATED DAMAGE TO A CRITICAL 
INFRASTRUCTURE COMPUTER. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 47 of title 18, 
United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 1030 the following: 
‘‘§ 1030A. Aggravated damage to a critical in-
frastructure computer 
‘‘(a) O
FFENSE .—It shall be unlawful, during 
and in relation to a felony violation of sec-tion 1030, to knowingly cause or attempt to cause damage to a critical infrastructure computer, if such damage results in (or, in the case of an attempted offense, would, if completed have resulted in) the substantial impairment— 
‘‘(1) of the operation of the critical infra-
structure computer; or 
‘‘(2) of the critical infrastructure associ-
ated with such computer. 
‘‘(b) P
ENALTY .—Any person who violates 
subsection (a) shall, in addition to the term of punishment provided for the felony viola-tion of section 1030, be fined under this title, imprisoned for not more than 20 years, or both. 
‘‘(c) C
ONSECUTIVE SENTENCE .—Notwith-
standing any other provision of law— 
‘‘(1) a court shall not place any person con-
victed of a violation of this section on proba-tion; 
‘‘(2) except as provided in paragraph (4), no 
term of imprisonment imposed on a person under this section shall run concurrently with any term of imprisonment imposed on the person under any other provision of law, including any term of imprisonment imposed for the felony violation of section 1030; 
‘‘(3) in determining any term of imprison-
ment to be imposed for the felony violation of section 1030, a court shall not in any way reduce the term to be imposed for such viola-tion to compensate for, or otherwise take into account, any separate term of imprison-ment imposed or to be imposed for a viola-tion of this section; and 
‘‘(4) a term of imprisonment imposed on a 
person for a violation of this section may, in the discretion of the court, run concurrently, in whole or in part, only with another term of imprisonment that is imposed by the court at the same time on that person for an additional violation of this section, if such discretion shall be exercised in accordance with any applicable guidelines and policy statements issued by the United States Sen-tencing Commission pursuant to section 994 of title 28. 
‘‘(d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section 
‘‘(1) the terms ‘computer’ and ‘damage’ 
have the meanings given the terms in sec-tion 1030; and 
‘‘(2) the term ‘critical infrastructure’ 
means systems and assets, whether physical or virtual, so vital to the United States that the incapacity or destruction of such sys-tems and assets would have catastrophic re-gional or national effects on public health or 
safety, economic security, or national secu-rity.’’. 
(b) T
ABLE OF SECTIONS .—The table of sec-
tions for chapter 47 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 1030 the following: 
‘‘1030A. Aggravated damage to a critical in-
frastructure computer.’’. 
SEC. ll. STOPPING TRAFFICKING IN BOTNETS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1030 of title 18, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (7), by adding ‘‘or’’ at the 
end; and 
(B) by inserting after paragraph (7) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(8) intentionally traffics in the means of 
access to a protected computer, if— 
‘‘(A) the trafficker knows or has reason to 
know the protected computer has been dam-aged in a manner prohibited by this section; and 
‘‘(B) the promise or agreement to pay for 
the means of access is made by, or on behalf of, a person the trafficker knows or has rea-son to know intends to use the means of ac-cess to— 
‘‘(i) damage the protected computer in a 
manner prohibited by this section; or 
‘‘(ii) violate section 1037 or 1343;’’; (2) in subsection (c)(3)— (A) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘(a)(4) 
or (a)(7)’’ and inserting ‘‘(a)(4), (a)(7), or (a)(8)’’; and 
(B) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘(a)(4), 
or (a)(7)’’ and inserting ‘‘(a)(4), (a)(7), or (a)(8)’’; 
(3) in subsection (e)— (A) in paragraph (11), by striking ‘‘and’’ at 
the end; 
(B) in paragraph (12), by striking the pe-
riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(13) the term ‘traffic’, except as provided 
in subsection (a)(6), means transfer, or other-wise dispose of, to another as consideration for the receipt of, or as consideration for a promise or agreement to pay, anything of pe-cuniary value.’’; and 
(4) in subsection (g), in the first sentence, 
by inserting ‘‘, except for a violation of sub-section (a)(8),’’ after ‘‘of this section’’. 
SA 2714. Mr. BARRASSO submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 209, to amend the Indian Tribal Energy Development and Self-Determination Act of 2005, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-
sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Indian Trib-
al Energy Development and Self-Determina-tion Act Amendments of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
The table of contents for this Act is as fol-
lows: 
Sec. 1. Short title. 
Sec. 2. Table of contents. 
TITLE I—INDIAN TRIBAL ENERGY DE-
VELOPMENT AND SELF-DETERMINA-TION ACT AMENDMENTS 
Sec. 101. Indian tribal energy resource devel-
opment. 
Sec. 102. Indian tribal energy resource regu-
lation. 
Sec. 103. Tribal energy resource agreements. Sec. 104. Technical assistance for Indian 
tribal governments. 
Sec. 105. Conforming amendments. Sec. 106. Report. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:46 Oct 21, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0655 E:\CR\FM\A20OC6.009 S20OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7348 October 20, 2015 
TITLE II—MISCELLANEOUS 
AMENDMENTS 
Sec. 201. Issuance of preliminary permits or 
licenses. 
Sec. 202. Tribal biomass demonstration 
project. 
Sec. 203. Weatherization program. Sec. 204. Appraisals. 
Sec. 205. Leases of restricted lands for Nav-
ajo Nation. 
Sec. 206. Extension of tribal lease period for 
the Crow Tribe of Montana. 
Sec. 207. Trust status of lease payments. 
TITLE I—INDIAN TRIBAL ENERGY DEVEL-
OPMENT AND SELF-DETERMINATION ACT AMENDMENTS 
SEC. 101. INDIAN TRIBAL ENERGY RESOURCE DE-
VELOPMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 2602(a) of the En-
ergy Policy Act of 1992 (25 U.S.C. 3502(a)) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (2)— (A) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘and’’ 
after the semicolon; 
(B) in subparagraph (D), by striking the pe-
riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(E) consult with each applicable Indian 
tribe before adopting or approving a well spacing program or plan applicable to the en-ergy resources of that Indian tribe or the members of that Indian tribe.’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) P
LANNING .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—In carrying out the pro-
gram established by paragraph (1), the Sec-retary shall provide technical assistance to interested Indian tribes to develop energy plans, including— 
‘‘(i) plans for electrification; ‘‘(ii) plans for oil and gas permitting, re-
newable energy permitting, energy effi-ciency, electricity generation, transmission planning, water planning, and other planning relating to energy issues; 
‘‘(iii) plans for the development of energy 
resources and to ensure the protection of natural, historic, and cultural resources; and 
‘‘(iv) any other plans that would assist an 
Indian tribe in the development or use of en-ergy resources. 
‘‘(B) C
OOPERATION .—In establishing the 
program under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall work in cooperation with the Office of Indian Energy Policy and Programs of the Department of Energy.’’. 
(b) D
EPARTMENT OF ENERGY INDIAN ENERGY  
EDUCATION PLANNING AND MANAGEMENT AS-
SISTANCE PROGRAM .—Section 2602(b)(2) of the 
Energy Policy Act of 1992 (25 U.S.C. 3502(b)(2)) is amended— 
(1) in the matter preceding subparagraph 
(A), by inserting ‘‘, intertribal organiza-tion,’’ after ‘‘Indian tribe’’; 
(2) by redesignating subparagraphs (C) and 
(D) as subparagraphs (D) and (E), respec-tively; and 
(3) by inserting after subparagraph (B) the 
following: 
‘‘(C) activities to increase the capacity of 
Indian tribes to manage energy development and energy efficiency programs;’’. 
(c) D
EPARTMENT OF ENERGY LOAN GUAR-
ANTEE PROGRAM .—Section 2602(c) of the En-
ergy Policy Act of 1992 (25 U.S.C. 3502(c)) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘or a trib-
al energy development organization’’ after ‘‘Indian tribe’’; 
(2) in paragraph (3)— (A) in the matter preceding subparagraph 
(A), by striking ‘‘guarantee’’ and inserting ‘‘guaranteed’’; 
(B) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘or’’; (C) in subparagraph (B), by striking the pe-
riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and 
(D) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) a tribal energy development organiza-
tion, from funds of the tribal energy develop-ment organization.’’; and 
(3) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘The Sec-
retary of Energy may’’ and inserting ‘‘Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of the Indian Tribal Energy Development and Self-Determination Act Amendments of 2015, the Secretary of Energy shall’’. 
SEC. 102. INDIAN TRIBAL ENERGY RESOURCE 
REGULATION. 
Section 2603(c) of the Energy Policy Act of 
1992 (25 U.S.C. 3503(c)) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘on the re-
quest of an Indian tribe, the Indian tribe’’ and inserting ‘‘on the request of an Indian tribe or a tribal energy development organi-zation, the Indian tribe or tribal energy de-velopment organization’’; and 
(2) in paragraph (2)(B), by inserting ‘‘or 
tribal energy development organization’’ after ‘‘Indian tribe’’. 
SEC. 103. TRIBAL ENERGY RESOURCE AGREE-
MENTS. 
(a) A MENDMENT .—Section 2604 of the En-
ergy Policy Act of 1992 (25 U.S.C. 3504) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘or’’ 
after the semicolon at the end; 
(ii) in subparagraph (B)— (I) by striking clause (i) and inserting the 
following: 
‘‘(i) an electric production, generation, 
transmission, or distribution facility (in-cluding a facility that produces electricity from renewable energy resources) located on tribal land; or’’; and 
(II) in clause (ii)— (aa) by inserting ‘‘, at least a portion of 
which have been’’ after ‘‘energy resources’’; 
(bb) by inserting ‘‘or produced from’’ after 
‘‘developed on’’; and 
(cc) by striking ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon 
at the end and inserting ‘‘or’’; and 
(iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) pooling, unitization, or 
communitization of the energy mineral re-sources of the Indian tribe located on tribal land with any other energy mineral resource (including energy mineral resources owned by the Indian tribe or an individual Indian in fee, trust, or restricted status or by any other persons or entities) if the owner, or, if appropriate, lessee, of the resources has con-sented or consents to the pooling, unitiza-tion, or communitization of the other re-sources under any lease or agreement; and’’; and 
(B) by striking paragraph (2) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(2) a lease or business agreement de-
scribed in paragraph (1) shall not require re-view by, or the approval of, the Secretary under section 2103 of the Revised Statutes (25 U.S.C. 81), or any other provision of law (in-cluding regulations), if the lease or business agreement— 
‘‘(A) was executed— ‘‘(i) in accordance with the requirements of 
a tribal energy resource agreement in effect under subsection (e) (including the periodic review and evaluation of the activities of the Indian tribe under the agreement, to be con-ducted pursuant to subparagraphs (D) and (E) of subsection (e)(2)); or 
‘‘(ii) by the Indian tribe and a tribal energy 
development organization for which the In-dian tribe has obtained a certification pursu-ant to subsection (h); and 
‘‘(B) has a term that does not exceed— ‘‘(i) 30 years; or ‘‘(ii) in the case of a lease for the produc-
tion of oil resources, gas resources, or both, 10 years and as long thereafter as oil or gas is produced in paying quantities.’’; (2) by striking subsection (b) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(b) R
IGHTS -OF-WAY.—An Indian tribe may 
grant a right-of-way over tribal land without review or approval by the Secretary if the right-of-way— 
‘‘(1) serves— ‘‘(A) an electric production, generation, 
transmission, or distribution facility (in-cluding a facility that produces electricity from renewable energy resources) located on tribal land; 
‘‘(B) a facility located on tribal land that 
extracts, produces, processes, or refines en-ergy resources; or 
‘‘(C) the purposes, or facilitates in carrying 
out the purposes, of any lease or agreement entered into for energy resource develop-ment on tribal land; 
‘‘(2) was executed— ‘‘(A) in accordance with the requirements 
of a tribal energy resource agreement in ef-fect under subsection (e) (including the peri-odic review and evaluation of the activities of the Indian tribe under the agreement, to be conducted pursuant to subparagraphs (D) and (E) of subsection (e)(2)); or 
‘‘(B) by the Indian tribe and a tribal energy 
development organization for which the In-dian tribe has obtained a certification pursu-ant to subsection (h); and 
‘‘(3) has a term that does not exceed 30 
years.’’; 
(3) by striking subsection (d) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(d) V
ALIDITY .—No lease or business agree-
ment entered into, or right-of-way granted, pursuant to this section shall be valid unless the lease, business agreement, or right-of- way is authorized by subsection (a) or (b).’’; 
(4) in subsection (e)— (A) by striking paragraph (1) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .— 
‘‘(A) A UTHORIZATION .—On or after the date 
of enactment of the Indian Tribal Energy De-velopment and Self-Determination Act Amendments of 2015, a qualified Indian tribe may submit to the Secretary a tribal energy resource agreement governing leases, busi-ness agreements, and rights-of-way under this section. 
‘‘(B) N
OTICE OF COMPLETE PROPOSED AGREE -
MENT .—Not later than 60 days after the date 
on which the tribal energy resource agree-ment is submitted under subparagraph (A), the Secretary shall— 
‘‘(i) notify the Indian tribe as to whether 
the agreement is complete or incomplete; 
‘‘(ii) if the agreement is incomplete, notify 
the Indian tribe of what information or docu-mentation is needed to complete the submis-sion; and 
‘‘(iii) identify and notify the Indian tribe of 
the financial assistance, if any, to be pro-vided by the Secretary to the Indian tribe to assist in the implementation of the tribal en-ergy resource agreement, including the envi-ronmental review of individual projects. 
‘‘(C) E
FFECT .—Nothing in this paragraph 
precludes the Secretary from providing any financial assistance at any time to the In-dian tribe to assist in the implementation of the tribal energy resource agreement.’’; 
(B) in paragraph (2)— (i) by striking ‘‘(2)(A)’’ and all that follows 
through the end of subparagraph (A) and in-serting the following: 
‘‘(2) P
ROCEDURE .— 
‘‘(A) E FFECTIVE DATE .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—On the date that is 271 
days after the date on which the Secretary receives a tribal energy resource agreement from a qualified Indian tribe under para-graph (1), the tribal energy resource agree-ment shall take effect, unless the Secretary disapproves the tribal energy resource agree-ment under subparagraph (B). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:46 Oct 21, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20OC6.015 S20OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7349 October 20, 2015 
‘‘(ii) R EVISED TRIBAL ENERGY RESOURCE  
AGREEMENT .—On the date that is 91 days 
after the date on which the Secretary re-ceives a revised tribal energy resource agree-ment from a qualified Indian tribe under paragraph (4)(B), the revised tribal energy resource agreement shall take effect, unless the Secretary disapproves the revised tribal energy resource agreement under subpara-graph (B).’’; 
(ii) in subparagraph (B)— (I) by striking ‘‘(B)’’ and all that follows 
through clause (ii) and inserting the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(B) D
ISAPPROVAL .—The Secretary shall 
disapprove a tribal energy resource agree-ment submitted pursuant to paragraph (1) or (4)(B) only if— 
‘‘(i) a provision of the tribal energy re-
source agreement violates applicable Federal law (including regulations) or a treaty appli-cable to the Indian tribe; 
‘‘(ii) the tribal energy resource agreement 
does not include 1 or more provisions re-quired under subparagraph (D); or’’; and 
(II) in clause (iii)— (aa) in the matter preceding subclause (I), 
by striking ‘‘includes’’ and all that follows through ‘‘section—’’ and inserting ‘‘does not include provisions that, with respect to any lease, business agreement, or right-of-way to which the tribal energy resource agreement applies—’’; 
(bb) by striking subclauses (I), (II), (V), 
(VIII), and (XV); 
(cc) by redesignating clauses (III), (IV), 
(VI), (VII), (IX) through (XIV), and (XVI) as clauses (I), (II), (III), (IV), (V) through (X), and (XI), respectively; 
(dd) in item (bb) of subclause (XI) (as re-
designated by item (cc))— 
(AA) by striking ‘‘or tribal’’; and (BB) by striking the period at the end and 
inserting a semicolon; and 
(ee) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(XII) include a certification by the Indian 
tribe that the Indian tribe has— 
‘‘(aa) carried out a contract or compact 
under title I or IV of the Indian Self-Deter-mination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 450 et seq.) for a period of not less than 3 consecutive years ending on the date on which the Indian tribe submits the appli-cation without material audit exception (or without any material audit exceptions that were not corrected within the 3-year period) relating to the management of tribal land or natural resources; or 
‘‘(bb) substantial experience in the admin-
istration, review, or evaluation of energy re-source leases or agreements or has otherwise 
substantially participated in the administra-tion, management, or development of energy resources located on the tribal land of the Indian tribe; and 
‘‘(XIII) at the option of the Indian tribe, 
identify which functions, if any, authorizing any operational or development activities pursuant to a lease, right-of-way, or business agreement approved by the Indian tribe, that the Indian tribe intends to conduct.’’; 
(iii) in subparagraph (C)— (I) by striking clauses (i) and (ii); (II) by redesignating clauses (iii) through 
(v) as clauses (ii) through (iv), respectively; and 
(III) by inserting before clause (ii) (as re-
designated by subclause (II)) the following: 
‘‘(i) a process for ensuring that— ‘‘(I) the public is informed of, and has rea-
sonable opportunity to comment on, any sig-nificant environmental impacts of the pro-posed action; and 
‘‘(II) the Indian tribe provides responses to 
relevant and substantive public comments on any impacts described in subclause (I) be-fore the Indian tribe approves the lease, busi-ness agreement, or right-of-way.’’; (iv) in subparagraph (D)(ii), by striking 
‘‘subparagraph (B)(iii)(XVI)’’ and inserting ‘‘subparagraph (B)(iv)(XI)’’; and 
(v) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(F) E
FFECTIVE PERIOD .—A tribal energy 
resource agreement that takes effect pursu-ant to this subsection shall remain in effect to the extent any provision of the tribal en-ergy resource agreement is consistent with applicable Federal law (including regula-tions), unless the tribal energy resource agreement is— 
‘‘(i) rescinded by the Secretary pursuant to 
paragraph (7)(D)(iii)(II); or 
‘‘(ii) voluntarily rescinded by the Indian 
tribe pursuant to the regulations promul-gated under paragraph (8)(B) (or successor regulations).’’; 
(C) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘date of 
disapproval’’ and all that follows through the end of subparagraph (C) and inserting the 
following: ‘‘date of disapproval, provide the Indian tribe with— 
‘‘(A) a detailed, written explanation of— ‘‘(i) each reason for the disapproval; and ‘‘(ii) the revisions or changes to the tribal 
energy resource agreement necessary to ad-dress each reason; and 
‘‘(B) an opportunity to revise and resubmit 
the tribal energy resource agreement.’’; 
(D) in paragraph (6)— (i) in subparagraph (B)— (I) by striking ‘‘(B) Subject to’’ and insert-
ing the following: 
‘‘(B) Subject only to’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘subparagraph (D)’’ and in-
serting ‘‘subparagraphs (C) and (D)’’; 
(ii) in subparagraph (C), in the matter pre-
ceding clause (i), by inserting ‘‘to perform the obligations of the Secretary under this section and’’ before ‘‘to ensure’’; and 
(iii) in subparagraph (D), by adding at the 
end the following: 
‘‘(iii) Nothing in this section absolves, lim-
its, or otherwise affects the liability, if any, of the United States for any— 
‘‘(I) term of any lease, business agreement, 
or right-of-way under this section that is not a negotiated term; or 
‘‘(II) losses that are not the result of a ne-
gotiated term, including losses resulting from the failure of the Secretary to perform an obligation of the Secretary under this section.’’; 
(E) in paragraph (7)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘has 
demonstrated’’ and inserting ‘‘the Secretary determines has demonstrated with substan-tial evidence’’; 
(ii) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘any 
tribal remedy’’ and inserting ‘‘all remedies (if any) provided under the laws of the Indian tribe’’; 
(iii) in subparagraph (D)— (I) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘determine’’ 
and all that follows through the end of the clause and inserting the following: ‘‘deter-mine— 
‘‘(I) whether the petitioner is an interested 
party; and 
‘‘(II) if the petitioner is an interested 
party, whether the Indian tribe is not in compliance with the tribal energy resource agreement as alleged in the petition.’’; 
(II) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘determina-
tion’’ and inserting ‘‘determinations’’; and 
(III) in clause (iii), in the matter preceding 
subclause (I) by striking ‘‘agreement’’ the first place it appears and all that follows through ‘‘, including’’ and inserting ‘‘agree-ment pursuant to clause (i), the Secretary shall only take such action as the Secretary determines necessary to address the claims of noncompliance made in the petition, in-cluding’’; 
(iv) in subparagraph (E)(i), by striking 
‘‘the manner in which’’ and inserting ‘‘, with respect to each claim made in the petition, 
how’’; and 
(v) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(G) Notwithstanding any other provision 
of this paragraph, the Secretary shall dis-miss any petition from an interested party that has agreed with the Indian tribe to a resolution of the claims presented in the pe-tition of that party.’’; 
(F) in paragraph (8)— (i) by striking subparagraph (A); (ii) by redesignating subparagraphs (B) 
through (D) as subparagraphs (A) through (C), respectively; and 
(iii) in subparagraph (A) (as redesignated 
by clause (ii))— 
(I) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the 
end; 
(II) in clause (ii), by adding ‘‘and’’ after the 
semicolon; and 
(III) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iii) amend an approved tribal energy re-
source agreement to assume authority for approving leases, business agreements, or rights-of-way for development of another en-ergy resource that is not included in an ap-proved tribal energy resource agreement without being required to apply for a new tribal energy resource agreement;’’ and 
(G) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(9) E
FFECT .—Nothing in this section au-
thorizes the Secretary to deny a tribal en-ergy resource agreement or any amendment to a tribal energy resource agreement, or to limit the effect or implementation of this section, due to lack of promulgated regula-tions.’’; 
(5) by redesignating subsection (g) as sub-
section (j); and 
(6) by inserting after subsection (f) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(g) F
INANCIAL ASSISTANCE IN LIEU OF AC-
TIVITIES BY THE SECRETARY .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Any amounts that the 
Secretary would otherwise expend to operate or carry out any program, function, service, or activity (or any portion of a program, function, service, or activity) of the Depart-ment that, as a result of an Indian tribe car-rying out activities under a tribal energy re-source agreement, the Secretary does not ex-pend, the Secretary shall, at the request of the Indian tribe, make available to the In-dian tribe in accordance with this sub-section. 
‘‘(2) A
NNUAL FUNDING AGREEMENTS .—The 
Secretary shall make the amounts described in paragraph (1) available to an Indian tribe through an annual written funding agree-ment that is negotiated and entered into with the Indian tribe that is separate from the tribal energy resource agreement. 
‘‘(3) E
FFECT OF APPROPRIATIONS .—Notwith-
standing paragraph (1)— 
‘‘(A) the provision of amounts to an Indian 
tribe under this subsection is subject to the availability of appropriations; and 
‘‘(B) the Secretary shall not be required to 
reduce amounts for programs, functions, services, or activities that serve any other Indian tribe to make amounts available to an Indian tribe under this subsection. 
‘‘(4) D
ETERMINATION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall cal-
culate the amounts under paragraph (1) in accordance with the regulations adopted under section 103(b) of the Indian Tribal En-ergy Development and Self-Determination Act Amendments of 2015. 
‘‘(B) A
PPLICABILITY .—The effective date or 
implementation of a tribal energy resource agreement under this section shall not be de-layed or otherwise affected by— 
‘‘(i) a delay in the promulgation of regula-
tions under section 103(b) of the Indian Trib-al Energy Development and Self-Determina-tion Act Amendments of 2015; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:46 Oct 21, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20OC6.015 S20OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7350 October 20, 2015 
‘‘(ii) the period of time needed by the Sec-
retary to make the calculation required under paragraph (1); or 
‘‘(iii) the adoption of a funding agreement 
under paragraph (2). 
‘‘(h) C
ERTIFICATION OF TRIBAL ENERGY DE-
VELOPMENT ORGANIZATION .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days 
after the date on which an Indian tribe sub-mits an application for certification of a tribal energy development organization in accordance with regulations promulgated under section 103(b) of the Indian Tribal En-ergy Development and Self-Determination Act Amendments of 2015, the Secretary shall approve or disapprove the application. 
‘‘(2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The Secretary shall 
approve an application for certification if— 
‘‘(A)(i) the Indian tribe has carried out a 
contract or compact under title I or IV of the Indian Self-Determination and Edu-cation Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 450 et seq.); and 
‘‘(ii) for a period of not less than 3 consecu-
tive years ending on the date on which the Indian tribe submits the application, the contract or compact— 
‘‘(I) has been carried out by the Indian 
tribe without material audit exceptions (or without any material audit exceptions that were not corrected within the 3-year period); and 
‘‘(II) has included programs or activities 
relating to the management of tribal land; and 
‘‘(B)(i) the tribal energy development orga-
nization is organized under the laws of the Indian tribe; 
‘‘(ii)(I) the majority of the interest in the 
tribal energy development organization is owned and controlled by the Indian tribe (or the Indian tribe and 1 or more other Indian tribes) the tribal land of which is being de-veloped; and 
‘‘(II) the organizing document of the tribal 
energy development organization requires that the Indian tribe with jurisdiction over the land maintain at all times the control-ling interest in the tribal energy develop-ment organization; 
‘‘(iii) the organizing document of the tribal 
energy development organization requires that the Indian tribe (or the Indian tribe and 
1 or more other Indian tribes) the tribal land of which is being developed own and control at all times a majority of the interest in the tribal energy development organization; and 
‘‘(iv) the organizing document of the tribal 
energy development organization includes a statement that the organization shall be subject to the jurisdiction, laws, and author-ity of the Indian tribe. 
‘‘(3) A
CTION BY SECRETARY .—If the Sec-
retary approves an application for certifi-cation pursuant to paragraph (2), the Sec-retary shall, not more than 10 days after making the determination— 
‘‘(A) issue a certification stating that— ‘‘(i) the tribal energy development organi-
zation is organized under the laws of the In-dian tribe and subject to the jurisdiction, laws, and authority of the Indian tribe; 
‘‘(ii) the majority of the interest in the 
tribal energy development organization is owned and controlled by the Indian tribe (or the Indian tribe and 1 or more other Indian tribes) the tribal land of which is being de-veloped; 
‘‘(iii) the organizing document of the tribal 
energy development organization requires that the Indian tribe with jurisdiction over the land maintain at all times the control-ling interest in the tribal energy develop-ment organization; 
‘‘(iv) the organizing document of the tribal 
energy development organization requires that the Indian tribe (or the Indian tribe and 1 or more other Indian tribes the tribal land of which is being developed) own and control 
at all times a majority of the interest in the tribal energy development organization; and 
‘‘(v) the certification is issued pursuant 
this subsection; 
‘‘(B) deliver a copy of the certification to 
the Indian tribe; and 
‘‘(C) publish the certification in the Fed-
eral Register. 
‘‘(i) S
OVEREIGN IMMUNITY .—Nothing in this 
section waives the sovereign immunity of an Indian tribe.’’. 
(b) R
EGULATIONS .—Not later than 1 year 
after the date of enactment of the Indian Tribal Energy Development and Self-Deter-mination Act Amendments of 2015, the Sec-retary shall promulgate or update any regu-lations that are necessary to implement this section, including provisions to implement— 
(1) section 2604(e)(8) of the Energy Policy 
Act of 1992 (25 U.S.C. 3504(e)(8)), including the process to be followed by an Indian tribe amending an existing tribal energy resource agreement to assume authority for approv-ing leases, business agreements, or rights-of- way for development of an energy resource that is not included in the tribal energy re-source agreement; 
(2) section 2604(g) of the Energy Policy Act 
of 1992 (25 U.S.C. 3504(g)) including the man-ner in which the Secretary, at the request of an Indian tribe, shall— 
(A) identify the programs, functions, serv-
ices, and activities (or any portions of pro-grams, functions, services, or activities) that the Secretary will not have to operate or carry out as a result of the Indian tribe car-rying out activities under a tribal energy re-source agreement; 
(B) identify the amounts that the Sec-
retary would have otherwise expended to op-erate or carry out each program, function, service, and activity (or any portion of a pro-gram, function, service, or activity) identi-fied pursuant to subparagraph (A); and 
(C) provide to the Indian tribe a list of the 
programs, functions, services, and activities (or any portions of programs, functions, services, or activities) identified pursuant subparagraph (A) and the amounts associ-ated with each program, function, service, and activity (or any portion of a program, function, service, or activity) identified pur-suant to subparagraph (B); and 
(3) section 2604(h) of the Energy Policy Act 
of 1992 (25 U.S.C. 3504(h)), including the proc-ess to be followed by, and any applicable cri-teria and documentation required for, an In-dian tribe to request and obtain the certifi-cation described in that section. 
SEC. 104. TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE FOR INDIAN 
TRIBAL GOVERNMENTS. 
Section 2602(b) of the Energy Policy Act of 
1992 (25 U.S.C. 3502(b)) is amended— 
(1) by redesignating paragraphs (3) through 
(6) as paragraphs (4) through (7), respec-tively; and 
(2) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(3) T
ECHNICAL AND SCIENTIFIC RE -
SOURCES .—In addition to providing grants to 
Indian tribes under this subsection, the Sec-retary shall collaborate with the Directors of the National Laboratories in making the full array of technical and scientific resources of the Department of Energy available for trib-al energy activities and projects.’’. 
SEC. 105. CONFORMING AMENDMENTS. 
(a) D EFINITION OF TRIBAL ENERGY DEVELOP -
MENT ORGANIZATION .—Section 2601 of the En-
ergy Policy Act of 1992 (25 U.S.C. 3501) is amended— 
(1) by redesignating paragraphs (9) through 
(12) as paragraphs (10) through (13), respec-tively; 
(2) by inserting after paragraph (8) the fol-
lowing: ‘‘(9) The term ‘qualified Indian tribe’ 
means an Indian tribe that has— 
‘‘(A) carried out a contract or compact 
under title I or IV of the Indian Self Deter-mination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 450 et seq.) for a period of not less than 3 consecutive years ending on the date on which the Indian tribe submits the appli-cation without material audit exception (or without any material audit exceptions that were not corrected within the 3-year period) relating to the management of tribal land or natural resources; or 
‘‘(B) substantial experience in the adminis-
tration, review, or evaluation of energy re-source leases or agreements or has otherwise substantially participated in the administra-tion, management, or development of energy resources located on the tribal land of the Indian tribe.’’; and 
(3) by striking paragraph (12) (as redesig-
nated by paragraph (1)) and inserting the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(12) The term ‘tribal energy development 
organization’ means— 
‘‘(A) any enterprise, partnership, consor-
tium, corporation, or other type of business organization that is engaged in the develop-ment of energy resources and is wholly owned by an Indian tribe (including an orga-nization incorporated pursuant to section 17 of the Indian Reorganization Act of 1934 (25 U.S.C. 477) or section 3 of the Act of June 26, 1936 (25 U.S.C. 503) (commonly known as the ‘Oklahoma Indian Welfare Act’)); and 
‘‘(B) any organization of 2 or more entities, 
at least 1 of which is an Indian tribe, that has the written consent of the governing bodies of all Indian tribes participating in the organization to apply for a grant, loan, or other assistance under section 2602 or to enter into a lease or business agreement with, or acquire a right-of-way from, an In-dian tribe pursuant to subsection (a)(2)(A)(ii) or (b)(2)(B) of section 2604.’’. 
(b) I
NDIAN TRIBAL ENERGY RESOURCE DE-
VELOPMENT .—Section 2602 of the Energy Pol-
icy Act of 1992 (25 U.S.C. 3502) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘tribal en-
ergy resource development organizations’’ and inserting ‘‘tribal energy development or-ganizations’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘tribal en-
ergy resource development organizations’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘tribal energy development organizations’’; and 
(2) in subsection (b)(2), by striking ‘‘tribal 
energy resource development organization’’ and inserting ‘‘tribal energy development or-ganization’’. 
(c) W
IND AND HYDROPOWER FEASIBILITY  
STUDY .—Section 2606(c)(3) of the Energy Pol-
icy Act of 1992 (25 U.S.C. 3506(c)(3)) is amend-ed by striking ‘‘energy resource develop-ment’’ and inserting ‘‘energy development’’. 
(d) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Section 
2604(e) of the Energy Policy Act of 1992 (25 U.S.C. 3504(e)) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (3)— (A) by striking ‘‘(3) The Secretary’’ and in-
serting the following: 
‘‘(3) N
OTICE AND COMMENT ; SECRETARIAL RE -
VIEW.—The Secretary’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘for approval’’; (2) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘(4) If the 
Secretary’’ and inserting the following: 
‘‘(4) A
CTION IN CASE OF DISAPPROVAL .—If 
the Secretary’’; 
(3) in paragraph (5)— (A) by striking ‘‘(5) If an Indian tribe’’ and 
inserting the following: 
‘‘(5) P
ROVISION OF DOCUMENTS TO SEC -
RETARY .—If an Indian tribe’’; and 
(B) in the matter preceding subparagraph 
(A), by striking ‘‘approved’’ and inserting ‘‘in effect’’; 
(4) in paragraph (6)— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:46 Oct 21, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20OC6.015 S20OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7351 October 20, 2015 
(A) by striking ‘‘(6)(A) In carrying out’’ 
and inserting the following: 
‘‘(6) S ECRETARIAL OBLIGATIONS AND EFFECT  
OF SECTION .— 
‘‘(A) In carrying out’’; (B) in subparagraph (A), by indenting 
clauses (i) and (ii) appropriately; 
(C) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘ap-
proved’’ and inserting ‘‘in effect’’; and 
(D) in subparagraph (D)— (i) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘an approved 
tribal energy resource agreement’’ and in-serting ‘‘a tribal energy resource agreement in effect under this section’’; and 
(ii) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘approved by 
the Secretary’’ and inserting ‘‘in effect’’; and 
(5) in paragraph (7)— (A) by striking ‘‘(7)(A) In this paragraph’’ 
and inserting the following: 
‘‘(7) P
ETITIONS BY INTERESTED PARTIES .— 
‘‘(A) In this paragraph’’; (B) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘ap-
proved by the Secretary’’ and inserting ‘‘in effect’’; 
(C) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘ap-
proved by the Secretary’’ and inserting ‘‘in effect’’; and 
(D) in subparagraph (D)(iii)— (i) in subclause (I), by striking ‘‘approved’’; 
and 
(ii) in subclause (II)— (I) by striking ‘‘approval of’’ in the first 
place it appears; and 
(II) by striking ‘‘subsection (a) or (b)’’ and 
inserting ‘‘subsection (a)(2)(A)(i) or (b)(2)(A)’’. 
SEC. 106. REPORT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 18 months 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Interior shall submit to the Committee on Indian Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives a report that details with respect to activities for energy development on Indian land, how the Depart-ment of the Interior— 
(1) processes and completes the reviews of 
energy-related documents in a timely and transparent manner; 
(2) monitors the timeliness of agency re-
view for all energy-related documents; 
(3) maintains databases to track and mon-
itor the review and approval process for en-ergy-related documents associated with con-ventional and renewable Indian energy re-sources that require Secretarial approval prior to development, including— 
(A) any seismic exploration permits; (B) permission to survey; (C) archeological and cultural surveys; (D) access permits; (E) environmental assessments; (F) oil and gas leases; (G) surface leases; (H) rights-of-way agreements; and (I) communitization agreements; (4) identifies in the databases— (A) the date lease applications and permits 
are received by the agency; 
(B) the status of the review; (C) the date the application or permit is 
considered complete and ready for review; 
(D) the date of approval; and (E) the start and end dates for any signifi-
cant delays in the review process; 
(5) tracks in the databases, for all energy- 
related leases, agreements, applications, and permits that involve multiple agency re-view— 
(A) the dates documents are transferred be-
tween agencies; 
(B) the status of the review; (C) the date the required reviews are com-
pleted; and 
(D) the date interim or final decisions are 
issued. 
(b) I
NCLUSIONS .—The report under sub-
section (a) shall include— (1) a description of any intermediate and 
final deadlines for agency action on any Sec-retarial review and approval required for In-dian conventional and renewable energy ex-ploration and development activities; 
(2) a description of the existing geographic 
database established by the Bureau of Indian Affairs, explaining— 
(A) how the database identifies— (i) the location and ownership of all Indian 
oil and gas resources held in trust; 
(ii) resources available for lease; and (iii) the location of— (I) any lease of land held in trust or re-
stricted fee on behalf of any Indian tribe or individual Indian; and 
(II) any rights-of-way on that land in ef-
fect; 
(B) how the information from the database 
is made available to— 
(i) the officials of the Bureau of Indian Af-
fairs with responsibility over the manage-ment and development of Indian resources; and 
(ii) resource owners; and (C) any barriers to identifying the informa-
tion described in subparagraphs (A) and (B) or any deficiencies in that information; and 
(3) an evaluation of— (A) the ability of each applicable agency to 
track and monitor the review and approval process of the agency for Indian energy de-velopment; and 
(B) the extent to which each applicable 
agency complies with any intermediate and final deadlines. 
TITLE II—MISCELLANEOUS AMENDMENTS 
SEC. 201. ISSUANCE OF PRELIMINARY PERMITS 
OR LICENSES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 7(a) of the Fed-
eral Power Act (16 U.S.C. 800(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘States and municipalities’’ and inserting ‘‘States, Indian tribes, and munici-palities’’. 
(b) A
PPLICABILITY .—The amendment made 
by subsection (a) shall not affect— 
(1) any preliminary permit or original li-
cense issued before the date of enactment of the Indian Tribal Energy Development and Self-Determination Act Amendments of 2015; or 
(2) an application for an original license, if 
the Commission has issued a notice accept-ing that application for filing pursuant to section 4.32(d) of title 18, Code of Federal Regulations (or successor regulations), be-fore the date of enactment of the Indian Tribal Energy Development and Self-Deter-mination Act Amendments of 2015. 
(c) D
EFINITION OF INDIAN TRIBE.—For pur-
poses of section 7(a) of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 800(a)) (as amended by sub-section (a)), the term ‘‘Indian tribe’’ has the meaning given the term in section 4 of the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 450b). 
SEC. 202. TRIBAL BIOMASS DEMONSTRATION 
PROJECT. 
(a) P URPOSE .—The purpose of this section 
is to establish a biomass demonstration project for federally recognized Indian tribes and Alaska Native corporations to promote biomass energy production. 
(b) T
RIBAL BIOMASS DEMONSTRATION  
PROJECT .—The Tribal Forest Protection Act 
of 2004 (Public Law 108–278; 118 Stat. 868) is amended— 
(1) in section 2(a), by striking ‘‘In this sec-
tion’’ and inserting ‘‘In this Act’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 3. TRIBAL BIOMASS DEMONSTRATION 
PROJECT. 
‘‘(a) S TEWARDSHIP CONTRACTS OR SIMILAR  
AGREEMENTS .—For each of fiscal years 2016 
through 2020, the Secretary shall enter into stewardship contracts or similar agreements (excluding direct service contracts) with In-dian tribes to carry out demonstration 
projects to promote biomass energy produc-tion (including biofuel, heat, and electricity generation) on Indian forest land and in nearby communities by providing reliable supplies of woody biomass from Federal land. 
‘‘(b) D
EMONSTRATION PROJECTS .—In each 
fiscal year for which projects are authorized, at least 4 new demonstration projects that meet the eligibility criteria described in sub-section (c) shall be carried out under con-tracts or agreements described in subsection (a). 
‘‘(c) E
LIGIBILITY CRITERIA .—To be eligible 
to enter into a contract or agreement under this section, an Indian tribe shall submit to the Secretary an application— 
‘‘(1) containing such information as the 
Secretary may require; and 
‘‘(2) that includes a description of— ‘‘(A) the Indian forest land or rangeland 
under the jurisdiction of the Indian tribe; and 
‘‘(B) the demonstration project proposed to 
be carried out by the Indian tribe. 
‘‘(d) S
ELECTION .—In evaluating the applica-
tions submitted under subsection (c), the Secretary shall— 
‘‘(1) take into consideration— ‘‘(A) the factors set forth in paragraphs (1) 
and (2) of section 2(e); and 
‘‘(B) whether a proposed project would— ‘‘(i) increase the availability or reliability 
of local or regional energy; 
‘‘(ii) enhance the economic development of 
the Indian tribe; 
‘‘(iii) result in or improve the connection 
of electric power transmission facilities serv-ing the Indian tribe with other electric transmission facilities; 
‘‘(iv) improve the forest health or water-
sheds of Federal land or Indian forest land or rangeland; 
‘‘(v) demonstrate new investments in infra-
structure; or 
‘‘(vi) otherwise promote the use of woody 
biomass; and 
‘‘(2) exclude from consideration any mer-
chantable logs that have been identified by the Secretary for commercial sale. 
‘‘(e) I
MPLEMENTATION .—The Secretary 
shall— 
‘‘(1) ensure that the criteria described in 
subsection (c) are publicly available by not later than 120 days after the date of enact-ment of this section; and 
‘‘(2) to the maximum extent practicable, 
consult with Indian tribes and appropriate intertribal organizations likely to be af-fected in developing the application and oth-erwise carrying out this section. 
‘‘(f) R
EPORT .—Not later than September 20, 
2018, the Secretary shall submit to Congress a report that describes, with respect to the reporting period— 
‘‘(1) each individual tribal application re-
ceived under this section; and 
‘‘(2) each contract and agreement entered 
into pursuant to this section. 
‘‘(g) I
NCORPORATION OF MANAGEMENT  
PLANS .—In carrying out a contract or agree-
ment under this section, on receipt of a re-quest from an Indian tribe, the Secretary shall incorporate into the contract or agree-ment, to the maximum extent practicable, management plans (including forest manage-ment and integrated resource management plans) in effect on the Indian forest land or rangeland of the respective Indian tribe. 
‘‘(h) T
ERM.—A contract or agreement en-
tered into under this section— 
‘‘(1) shall be for a term of not more than 20 
years; and 
‘‘(2) may be renewed in accordance with 
this section for not more than an additional 10 years.’’. 
(c) A
LASKA NATIVE BIOMASS DEMONSTRA -
TION PROJECT .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:46 Oct 21, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20OC6.015 S20OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7352 October 20, 2015 
(1) D EFINITIONS .—In this subsection: 
(A) F EDERAL LAND .—The term ‘‘Federal 
land’’ means— 
(i) land of the National Forest System (as 
defined in section 11(a) of the Forest and Rangeland Renewable Resources Planning Act of 1974 (16 U.S.C. 1609(a)) administered by the Secretary of Agriculture, acting through the Chief of the Forest Service; and 
(ii) public lands (as defined in section 103 of 
the Federal Land Policy Management Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1702)), the surface of which is administered by the Secretary of the Inte-rior, acting through the Director of the Bu-reau of Land Management. 
(B) I
NDIAN TRIBE .—The term ‘‘Indian tribe’’ 
has the meaning given the term in section 4 of the Indian Self-Determination and Edu-cation Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 450b). 
(C) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ 
means— 
(i) the Secretary of Agriculture, with re-
spect to land under the jurisdiction of the Forest Service; and 
(ii) the Secretary of the Interior, with re-
spect to land under the jurisdiction of the Bureau of Land Management. 
(D) T
RIBAL ORGANIZATION .—The term ‘‘trib-
al organization’’ has the meaning given the term in section 4 of the Indian Self-Deter-mination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 450b). 
(2) A
GREEMENTS .—For each of fiscal years 
2016 through 2020, the Secretary shall enter into an agreement or contract with an In-dian tribe or a tribal organization to carry out a demonstration project to promote bio-mass energy production (including biofuel, heat, and electricity generation) by pro-viding reliable supplies of woody biomass from Federal land. 
(3) D
EMONSTRATION PROJECTS .—In each fis-
cal year for which projects are authorized, at least 1 new demonstration project that meets the eligibility criteria described in paragraph (4) shall be carried out under con-tracts or agreements described in paragraph (2). 
(4) E
LIGIBILITY CRITERIA .—To be eligible to 
enter into a contract or agreement under this subsection, an Indian tribe or tribal or-ganization shall submit to the Secretary an application— 
(A) containing such information as the 
Secretary may require; and 
(B) that includes a description of the dem-
onstration project proposed to be carried out by the Indian tribe or tribal organization. 
(5) S
ELECTION .—In evaluating the applica-
tions submitted under paragraph (4), the Sec-retary shall— 
(A) take into consideration whether a pro-
posed project would— 
(i) increase the availability or reliability 
of local or regional energy; 
(ii) enhance the economic development of 
the Indian tribe; 
(iii) result in or improve the connection of 
electric power transmission facilities serving the Indian tribe with other electric trans-mission facilities; 
(iv) improve the forest health or water-
sheds of Federal land or non-Federal land; 
(v) demonstrate new investments in infra-
structure; or 
(vi) otherwise promote the use of woody 
biomass; and 
(B) exclude from consideration any mer-
chantable logs that have been identified by the Secretary for commercial sale. 
(6) I
MPLEMENTATION .—The Secretary 
shall— 
(A) ensure that the criteria described in 
paragraph (4) are publicly available by not later than 120 days after the date of enact-ment of this subsection; and 
(B) to the maximum extent practicable, 
consult with Indian tribes and appropriate tribal organizations likely to be affected in 
developing the application and otherwise carrying out this subsection. 
(7) R
EPORT .—Not later than September 20, 
2018, the Secretary shall submit to Congress a report that describes, with respect to the reporting period— 
(A) each individual application received 
under this subsection; and 
(B) each contract and agreement entered 
into pursuant to this subsection. 
(8) T
ERM.—A contract or agreement en-
tered into under this subsection— 
(A) shall be for a term of not more than 20 
years; and 
(B) may be renewed in accordance with 
this subsection for not more than an addi-tional 10 years. 
SEC. 203. WEATHERIZATION PROGRAM. 
Section 413(d) of the Energy Conservation 
and Production Act (42 U.S.C. 6863(d)) is amended— 
(1) by striking paragraph (1) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(1) R
ESERVATION OF AMOUNTS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraph 
(B) and notwithstanding any other provision of this part, the Secretary shall reserve from amounts that would otherwise be allocated to a State under this part not less than 100 percent, but not more than 150 percent, of an amount which bears the same proportion to the allocation of that State for the applica-ble fiscal year as the population of all low- income members of an Indian tribe in that State bears to the population of all low-in-come individuals in that State. 
‘‘(B) R
ESTRICTIONS .—Subparagraph (A) 
shall apply only if— 
‘‘(i) the tribal organization serving the 
low-income members of the applicable Indian tribe requests that the Secretary make a grant directly; and 
‘‘(ii) the Secretary determines that the 
low-income members of the applicable Indian tribe would be equally or better served by making a grant directly than a grant made to the State in which the low-income mem-bers reside. 
‘‘(C) P
RESUMPTION .—If the tribal organiza-
tion requesting the grant is a tribally des-ignated housing entity (as defined in section 4 of the Native American Housing Assistance and Self-Determination Act of 1996 (25 U.S.C. 4103)) that has operated without material audit exceptions (or without any material audit exceptions that were not corrected within a 3-year period), the Secretary shall presume that the low-income members of the applicable Indian tribe would be equally or better served by making a grant directly to the tribal organization than by a grant made to the State in which the low-income mem-bers reside.’’; 
(2) in paragraph (2)— (A) by striking ‘‘The sums’’ and inserting 
‘‘A
DMINISTRATION .—The amounts’’; 
(B) by striking ‘‘on the basis of his deter-
mination’’; 
(C) by striking ‘‘individuals for whom such 
a determination has been made’’ and insert-ing ‘‘low-income members of the Indian tribe’’; and 
(D) by striking ‘‘he’’ and inserting ‘‘the 
Secretary’’; and 
(3) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘In order’’ 
and inserting ‘‘A
PPLICATION .—In order’’. 
SEC. 204. APPRAISALS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title XXVI of the Energy 
Policy Act of 1992 (25 U.S.C. 3501 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 2607. APPRAISALS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—For any transaction 
that requires approval of the Secretary and involves mineral or energy resources held in trust by the United States for the benefit of an Indian tribe or by an Indian tribe subject to Federal restrictions against alienation, 
any appraisal relating to fair market value of those resources required to be prepared under applicable law may be prepared by— 
‘‘(1) the Secretary; ‘‘(2) the affected Indian tribe; or ‘‘(3) a certified, third-party appraiser pur-
suant to a contract with the Indian tribe. 
‘‘(b) S
ECRETARIAL REVIEW AND APPROVAL .— 
Not later than 45 days after the date on which the Secretary receives an appraisal prepared by or for an Indian tribe under paragraph (2) or (3) of subsection (a), the Sec-retary shall— 
‘‘(1) review the appraisal; and ‘‘(2) approve the appraisal unless the Sec-
retary determines that the appraisal fails to meet the standards set forth in regulations promulgated under subsection (d). 
‘‘(c) N
OTICE OF DISAPPROVAL .—If the Sec-
retary determines that an appraisal sub-mitted for approval under subsection (b) should be disapproved, the Secretary shall give written notice of the disapproval to the Indian tribe and a description of— 
‘‘(1) each reason for the disapproval; and ‘‘(2) how the appraisal should be corrected 
or otherwise cured to meet the applicable standards set forth in the regulations pro-mulgated under subsection (d). 
‘‘(d) R
EGULATIONS .—The Secretary shall 
promulgate regulations to carry out this sec-tion, including standards the Secretary shall use for approving or disapproving the ap-praisal described in subsection (a).’’. 
SEC. 205. LEASES OF RESTRICTED LANDS FOR 
NAVAJO NATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (e)(1) of the 
first section of the Act of August 9, 1955 (commonly known as the ‘‘Long-Term Leas-ing Act’’) (25 U.S.C. 415(e)(1)), is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘, except a lease for’’ and 
inserting ‘‘, including a lease for’’; 
(2) by striking subparagraph (A) and in-
serting the following: 
‘‘(A) in the case of a business or agricul-
tural lease, 99 years;’’; 
(3) in subparagraph (B), by striking the pe-
riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) in the case of a lease for the explo-
ration, development, or extraction of any mineral resource (including geothermal re-sources), 25 years, except that— 
‘‘(i) any such lease may include an option 
to renew for 1 additional term of not to ex-ceed 25 years; and 
‘‘(ii) any such lease for the exploration, de-
velopment, or extraction of an oil or gas re-source shall be for a term of not to exceed 10 years, plus such additional period as the Navajo Nation determines to be appropriate in any case in which an oil or gas resource is produced in a paying quantity.’’. 
(b) GAO R
EPORT .—Not later than 5 years 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall prepare and submit to Congress a re-port describing the progress made in car-rying out the amendment made by sub-section (a). 
SEC. 206. EXTENSION OF TRIBAL LEASE PERIOD 
FOR THE CROW TRIBE OF MONTANA. 
Subsection (a) of the first section of the 
Act of August 9, 1955 (25 U.S.C. 415(a)), is amended in the second sentence by inserting ‘‘, land held in trust for the Crow Tribe of Montana’’ after ‘‘Devils Lake Sioux Reserva-tion’’. 
SEC. 207. TRUST STATUS OF LEASE PAYMENTS. 
(a) D EFINITION OF SECRETARY .—In this sec-
tion, the term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Sec-retary of the Interior. 
(b) T
REATMENT OF LEASE PAYMENTS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
paragraph (2) and at the request of the In-dian tribe or individual Indian, any advance 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:46 Oct 21, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20OC6.015 S20OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7353 October 20, 2015 
payments, bid deposits, or other earnest 
money received by the Secretary in connec-tion with the review and Secretarial ap-proval under any other Federal law (includ-ing regulations) of a sale, lease, permit, or any other conveyance of any interest in any trust or restricted land of any Indian tribe or individual Indian shall, upon receipt and prior to Secretarial approval of the contract or conveyance instrument, be held in the trust fund system for the benefit of the In-dian tribe and individual Indian from whose land the funds were generated. 
(2) R
ESTRICTION .—If the advance payment, 
bid deposit, or other earnest money received by the Secretary results from competitive bidding, upon selection of the successful bid-der, only the funds paid by the successful bidder shall be held in the trust fund system. 
(c) U
SE OF FUNDS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—On the approval of the 
Secretary of a contract or other instrument for a sale, lease, permit, or any other con-veyance described in subsection (b)(1), the funds held in the trust fund system and de-scribed in subsection (b), along with all in-come generated from the investment of those funds, shall be disbursed to the Indian tribe or individual Indian landowners. 
(2) A
DMINISTRATION .—If a contract or other 
instrument for a sale, lease, permit, or any other conveyance described in subsection (b)(1) is not approved by the Secretary, the funds held in the trust fund system and de-scribed in subsection (b), along with all in-come generated from the investment of those funds, shall be paid to the party identified in, and in such amount and on such terms as set out in, the applicable regulations, adver-tisement, or other notice governing the pro-posed conveyance of the interest in the land at issue. 
(d) A
PPLICABILITY .—This section shall 
apply to any advance payment, bid deposit, or other earnest money received by the Sec-
retary in connection with the review and Secretarial approval under any other Fed-eral law (including regulations) of a sale, lease, permit, or any other conveyance of any interest in any trust or restricted land of any Indian tribe or individual Indian on or after the date of enactment of this Act. 
SA 2715. Mr. PAUL submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 754, to improve cyber-security in the United States through enhanced sharing of information about cybersecurity threats, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. ll. PROHIBITION ON THE INDEFINITE DE-
TENTION OF CITIZENS AND LAWFUL PERMANENT RESIDENTS. 
Section 4001 of title 18, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(1) by striking subsection (a) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(a) No citizen or lawful permanent resi-
dent shall be imprisoned or otherwise de-tained by the United States except con-sistent with the Constitution and pursuant to an Act of Congress that expressly author-izes such imprisonment or detention.’’; 
(2) by redesignating subsection (b) as sub-
section (c); and 
(3) by inserting after subsection (a) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(b)(1) A general authorization to use mili-
tary force, a declaration of war, or any simi-lar authority, on its own, shall not be con-strued to authorize the imprisonment or de-tention without charge or trial of a citizen or lawful permanent resident of the United States apprehended in the United States. ‘‘(2) Paragraph (1) applies to an authoriza-
tion to use military force, a declaration of war, or any similar authority enacted before, on, or after the date of the enactment of the Cybersecurity Information Sharing Act of 2015. 
‘‘(3) This section shall not be construed to 
authorize the imprisonment or detention of a citizen of the United States, a lawful perma-nent resident of the United States, or any other person who is apprehended in the United States.’’. 
SA 2716. Mr. BURR (for himself and 
Mrs. F EINSTEIN ) proposed an amend-
ment to the bill S. 754, to improve cy-bersecurity in the United States through enhanced sharing of informa-tion about cybersecurity threats, and for other purposes; as follows: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-
sert the following: 
SECTION 1. TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
The table of contents of this Act is as fol-
lows: 
Sec. 1. Table of contents. 
TITLE I—CYBERSECURITY INFORMATION 
SHARING 
Sec. 101. Short title. 
Sec. 102. Definitions. Sec. 103. Sharing of information by the Fed-
eral Government. 
Sec. 104. Authorizations for preventing, de-
tecting, analyzing, and miti-gating cybersecurity threats. 
Sec. 105. Sharing of cyber threat indicators 
and defensive measures with the Federal Government. 
Sec. 106. Protection from liability. Sec. 107. Oversight of Government activi-
ties. 
Sec. 108. Construction and preemption. Sec. 109. Report on cybersecurity threats. Sec. 110. Conforming amendment. 
TITLE II—FEDERAL CYBERSECURITY 
ENHANCEMENT 
Sec. 201. Short title. 
Sec. 202. Definitions. Sec. 203. Improved Federal network secu-
rity. 
Sec. 204. Advanced internal defenses. Sec. 205. Federal cybersecurity require-
ments. 
Sec. 206. Assessment; reports. Sec. 207. Termination. Sec. 208. Identification of information sys-
tems relating to national secu-rity. 
Sec. 209. Direction to agencies. 
TITLE III—FEDERAL CYBERSECURITY 
WORKFORCE ASSESSMENT 
Sec. 301. Short title. 
Sec. 302. Definitions. Sec. 303. National cybersecurity workforce 
measurement initiative. 
Sec. 304. Identification of cyber-related roles 
of critical need. 
Sec. 305. Government Accountability Office 
status reports. 
TITLE IV—OTHER CYBER MATTERS 
Sec. 401. Study on mobile device security. 
Sec. 402. Department of State international 
cyberspace policy strategy. 
Sec. 403. Apprehension and prosecution of 
international cyber criminals. 
Sec. 404. Enhancement of emergency serv-
ices. 
Sec. 405. Improving cybersecurity in the 
health care industry. 
Sec. 406. Federal computer security. Sec. 407. Strategy to protect critical infra-
structure at greatest risk. 
TITLE I—CYBERSECURITY INFORMATION 
SHARING 
SEC. 101. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Cybersecu-
rity Information Sharing Act of 2015’’. SEC. 102. DEFINITIONS. 
In this title: (1) A
GENCY .—The term ‘‘agency’’ has the 
meaning given the term in section 3502 of title 44, United States Code. 
(2) A
NTITRUST LAWS .—The term ‘‘antitrust 
laws’’— 
(A) has the meaning given the term in sec-
tion 1 of the Clayton Act (15 U.S.C. 12); 
(B) includes section 5 of the Federal Trade 
Commission Act (15 U.S.C. 45) to the extent that section 5 of that Act applies to unfair methods of competition; and 
(C) includes any State law that has the 
same intent and effect as the laws under sub-paragraphs (A) and (B). 
(3) A
PPROPRIATE FEDERAL ENTITIES .—The 
term ‘‘appropriate Federal entities’’ means the following: 
(A) The Department of Commerce. (B) The Department of Defense. (C) The Department of Energy. (D) The Department of Homeland Security. (E) The Department of Justice. (F) The Department of the Treasury. (G) The Office of the Director of National 
Intelligence. 
(4) C
YBERSECURITY PURPOSE .—The term 
‘‘cybersecurity purpose’’ means the purpose of protecting an information system or infor-mation that is stored on, processed by, or transiting an information system from a cy-bersecurity threat or security vulnerability. 
(5) C
YBERSECURITY THREAT .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
subparagraph (B), the term ‘‘cybersecurity threat’’ means an action, not protected by the First Amendment to the Constitution of the United States, on or through an informa-tion system that may result in an unauthor-ized effort to adversely impact the security, availability, confidentiality, or integrity of an information system or information that is stored on, processed by, or transiting an information system. 
(B) E
XCLUSION .—The term ‘‘cybersecurity 
threat’’ does not include any action that solely involves a violation of a consumer term of service or a consumer licensing agreement. 
(6) C
YBER THREAT INDICATOR .—The term 
‘‘cyber threat indicator’’ means information that is necessary to describe or identify— 
(A) malicious reconnaissance, including 
anomalous patterns of communications that appear to be transmitted for the purpose of gathering technical information related to a cybersecurity threat or security vulner-ability; 
(B) a method of defeating a security con-
trol or exploitation of a security vulner-ability; 
(C) a security vulnerability, including 
anomalous activity that appears to indicate the existence of a security vulnerability; 
(D) a method of causing a user with legiti-
mate access to an information system or in-formation that is stored on, processed by, or transiting an information system to unwit-tingly enable the defeat of a security control or exploitation of a security vulnerability; 
(E) malicious cyber command and control; (F) the actual or potential harm caused by 
an incident, including a description of the in-formation exfiltrated as a result of a par-ticular cybersecurity threat; 
(G) any other attribute of a cybersecurity 
threat, if disclosure of such attribute is not otherwise prohibited by law; or 
(H) any combination thereof. (7) D
EFENSIVE MEASURE .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
subparagraph (B), the term ‘‘defensive meas-ure’’ means an action, device, procedure, sig-nature, technique, or other measure applied to an information system or information that is stored on, processed by, or transiting 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:46 Oct 21, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20OC6.015 S20OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7354 October 20, 2015 
an information system that detects, pre-
vents, or mitigates a known or suspected cy-bersecurity threat or security vulnerability. 
(B) E
XCLUSION .—The term ‘‘defensive meas-
ure’’ does not include a measure that de-stroys, renders unusable, provides unauthor-ized access to, or substantially harms an in-formation system or data on an information system not belonging to— 
(i) the private entity operating the meas-
ure; or 
(ii) another entity or Federal entity that is 
authorized to provide consent and has pro-vided consent to that private entity for oper-ation of such measure. 
(8) E
NTITY .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Except as otherwise pro-
vided in this paragraph, the term ‘‘entity’’ means any private entity, non-Federal gov-ernment agency or department, or State, tribal, or local government (including a po-litical subdivision, department, or compo-nent thereof). 
(B) I
NCLUSIONS .—The term ‘‘entity’’ in-
cludes a government agency or department of the District of Columbia, the Common-wealth of Puerto Rico, the Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, the Northern Mar-iana Islands, and any other territory or pos-session of the United States. 
(C) E
XCLUSION .—The term ‘‘entity’’ does 
not include a foreign power as defined in sec-tion 101 of the Foreign Intelligence Surveil-lance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1801). 
(9) F
EDERAL ENTITY .—The term ‘‘Federal 
entity’’ means a department or agency of the United States or any component of such de-partment or agency. 
(10) I
NFORMATION SYSTEM .—The term ‘‘in-
formation system’’— 
(A) has the meaning given the term in sec-
tion 3502 of title 44, United States Code; and 
(B) includes industrial control systems, 
such as supervisory control and data acquisi-tion systems, distributed control systems, and programmable logic controllers. 
(11) L
OCAL GOVERNMENT .—The term ‘‘local 
government’’ means any borough, city, coun-ty, parish, town, township, village, or other political subdivision of a State. 
(12) M
ALICIOUS CYBER COMMAND AND CON -
TROL .—The term ‘‘malicious cyber command 
and control’’ means a method for unauthor-ized remote identification of, access to, or use of, an information system or information that is stored on, processed by, or transiting an information system. 
(13) M
ALICIOUS RECONNAISSANCE .—The term 
‘‘malicious reconnaissance’’ means a method for actively probing or passively monitoring an information system for the purpose of dis-
cerning security vulnerabilities of the infor-mation system, if such method is associated with a known or suspected cybersecurity threat. 
(14) M
ONITOR .—The term ‘‘monitor’’ means 
to acquire, identify, or scan, or to possess, information that is stored on, processed by, or transiting an information system. 
(15) P
RIVATE ENTITY .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Except as otherwise pro-
vided in this paragraph, the term ‘‘private entity’’ means any person or private group, organization, proprietorship, partnership, trust, cooperative, corporation, or other commercial or nonprofit entity, including an officer, employee, or agent thereof. 
(B) I
NCLUSION .—The term ‘‘private entity’’ 
includes a State, tribal, or local government performing electric or other utility services. 
(C) E
XCLUSION .—The term ‘‘private entity’’ 
does not include a foreign power as defined in section 101 of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1801). 
(16) S
ECURITY CONTROL .—The term ‘‘secu-
rity control’’ means the management, oper-ational, and technical controls used to pro-tect against an unauthorized effort to ad-versely affect the confidentiality, integrity, 
and availability of an information system or its information. 
(17) S
ECURITY VULNERABILITY .—The term 
‘‘security vulnerability’’ means any at-tribute of hardware, software, process, or procedure that could enable or facilitate the defeat of a security control. 
(18) T
RIBAL .—The term ‘‘tribal’’ has the 
meaning given the term ‘‘Indian tribe’’ in section 4 of the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 450b). 
SEC. 103. SHARING OF INFORMATION BY THE 
FEDERAL GOVERNMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Consistent with the pro-
tection of classified information, intel-ligence sources and methods, and privacy and civil liberties, the Director of National Intelligence, the Secretary of Homeland Se-curity, the Secretary of Defense, and the At-torney General, in consultation with the heads of the appropriate Federal entities, shall develop and promulgate procedures to facilitate and promote— 
(1) the timely sharing of classified cyber 
threat indicators in the possession of the Federal Government with cleared represent-atives of relevant entities; 
(2) the timely sharing with relevant enti-
ties of cyber threat indicators or informa-tion in the possession of the Federal Govern-ment that may be declassified and shared at an unclassified level; 
(3) the sharing with relevant entities, or 
the public if appropriate, of unclassified, in-cluding controlled unclassified, cyber threat indicators in the possession of the Federal Government; 
(4) the sharing with entities, if appro-
priate, of information in the possession of the Federal Government about cybersecurity threats to such entities to prevent or miti-gate adverse effects from such cybersecurity threats; and 
(5) the period sharing, through publication 
and targeted outreach, of cybersecurity best practices that are developed based on ongo-ing analysis of cyber threat indicators and information in possession of the Federal Government, with attention to accessibility and implementation challenges faced by small business concerns (as defined in sec-tion 3 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 532)). 
(b) D
EVELOPMENT OF PROCEDURES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The procedures developed 
and promulgated under subsection (a) shall— 
(A) ensure the Federal Government has 
and maintains the capability to share cyber threat indicators in real time consistent with the protection of classified information; 
(B) incorporate, to the greatest extent 
practicable, existing processes and existing roles and responsibilities of Federal and non- Federal entities for information sharing by the Federal Government, including sector specific information sharing and analysis centers; 
(C) include procedures for notifying, in a 
timely manner, entities that have received a cyber threat indicator from a Federal entity under this title that is known or determined to be in error or in contravention of the re-quirements of this title or another provision of Federal law or policy of such error or con-travention; 
(D) include requirements for Federal enti-
ties sharing cyber threat indicators or defen-sive measures to implement and utilize secu-rity controls to protect against unauthorized access to or acquisition of such cyber threat indicators or defensive measures; 
(E) include procedures that require a Fed-
eral entity, prior to the sharing of a cyber threat indicator— 
(i) to review such cyber threat indicator to 
assess whether such cyber threat indicator contains any information that such Federal 
entity knows at the time of sharing to be personal information or information that identifies a specific person not directly re-lated to a cybersecurity threat and remove such information; or 
(ii) to implement and utilize a technical 
capability configured to remove any per-sonal information or information that iden-tifies a specific person not directly related to a cybersecurity threat; and 
(F) include procedures for notifying, in a 
timely manner, any United States person whose personal information is known or de-termined to have been shared by a Federal entity in violation of this Act. 
(2) C
OORDINATION .—In developing the proce-
dures required under this section, the Direc-tor of National Intelligence, the Secretary of Homeland Security, the Secretary of De-fense, and the Attorney General shall coordi-nate with appropriate Federal entities, in-cluding the Small Business Administration and the National Laboratories (as defined in section 2 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 15801)), to ensure that effective proto-cols are implemented that will facilitate and promote the sharing of cyber threat indica-tors by the Federal Government in a timely manner. 
(c) S
UBMITTAL TO CONGRESS .—Not later 
than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of National Intel-ligence, in consultation with the heads of the appropriate Federal entities, shall submit to Congress the procedures required by sub-section (a). 
SEC. 104. AUTHORIZATIONS FOR PREVENTING, 
DETECTING, ANALYZING, AND MITI-GATING CYBERSECURITY THREATS. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION FOR MONITORING .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any 
other provision of law, a private entity may, for cybersecurity purposes, monitor— 
(A) an information system of such private 
entity; 
(B) an information system of another enti-
ty, upon the authorization and written con-sent of such other entity; 
(C) an information system of a Federal en-
tity, upon the authorization and written con-sent of an authorized representative of the Federal entity; and 
(D) information that is stored on, proc-
essed by, or transiting an information sys-tem monitored by the private entity under this paragraph. 
(2) C
ONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this sub-
section shall be construed— 
(A) to authorize the monitoring of an in-
formation system, or the use of any informa-tion obtained through such monitoring, other than as provided in this title; or 
(B) to limit otherwise lawful activity. 
(b) A
UTHORIZATION FOR OPERATION OF DE-
FENSIVE MEASURES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any 
other provision of law, a private entity may, for cybersecurity purposes, operate a defen-sive measure that is applied to— 
(A) an information system of such private 
entity in order to protect the rights or prop-erty of the private entity; 
(B) an information system of another enti-
ty upon written consent of such entity for operation of such defensive measure to pro-tect the rights or property of such entity; and 
(C) an information system of a Federal en-
tity upon written consent of an authorized representative of such Federal entity for op-eration of such defensive measure to protect the rights or property of the Federal Govern-ment. 
(2) C
ONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this sub-
section shall be construed— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:46 Oct 21, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20OC6.017 S20OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7355 October 20, 2015 
(A) to authorize the use of a defensive 
measure other than as provided in this sub-section; or 
(B) to limit otherwise lawful activity. 
(c) A
UTHORIZATION FOR SHARING OR RECEIV -
INGCYBER THREAT INDICATORS OR DEFENSIVE  
MEASURES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
paragraph (2) and notwithstanding any other provision of law, an entity may, for a cyber-security purpose and consistent with the protection of classified information, share with, or receive from, any other entity or the Federal Government a cyber threat indi-cator or defensive measure. 
(2) L
AWFUL RESTRICTION .—An entity receiv-
ing a cyber threat indicator or defensive measure from another entity or Federal enti-ty shall comply with otherwise lawful re-strictions placed on the sharing or use of such cyber threat indicator or defensive measure by the sharing entity or Federal en-tity. 
(3) C
ONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this sub-
section shall be construed— 
(A) to authorize the sharing or receiving of 
a cyber threat indicator or defensive meas-ure other than as provided in this sub-section; or 
(B) to limit otherwise lawful activity. 
(d) P
ROTECTION AND USE OF INFORMATION .— 
(1) S ECURITY OF INFORMATION .—An entity 
monitoring an information system, oper-ating a defensive measure, or providing or receiving a cyber threat indicator or defen-sive measure under this section shall imple-ment and utilize a security control to pro-tect against unauthorized access to or acqui-sition of such cyber threat indicator or de-fensive measure. 
(2) R
EMOVAL OF CERTAIN PERSONAL INFOR -
MATION .—An entity sharing a cyber threat 
indicator pursuant to this title shall, prior to such sharing— 
(A) review such cyber threat indicator to 
assess whether such cyber threat indicator contains any information that the entity knows at the time of sharing to be personal information or information that identifies a specific person not directly related to a cy-bersecurity threat and remove such informa-tion; or 
(B) implement and utilize a technical capa-
bility configured to remove any information contained within such indicator that the en-tity knows at the time of sharing to be per-sonal information or information that iden-tifies a specific person not directly related to a cybersecurity threat. 
(3) U
SE OF CYBER THREAT INDICATORS AND  
DEFENSIVE MEASURES BY ENTITIES .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Consistent with this 
title, a cyber threat indicator or defensive measure shared or received under this sec-tion may, for cybersecurity purposes— 
(i) be used by an entity to monitor or oper-
ate a defensive measure that is applied to— 
(I) an information system of the entity; or (II) an information system of another enti-
ty or a Federal entity upon the written con-sent of that other entity or that Federal en-tity; and 
(ii) be otherwise used, retained, and further 
shared by an entity subject to— 
(I) an otherwise lawful restriction placed 
by the sharing entity or Federal entity on such cyber threat indicator or defensive measure; or 
(II) an otherwise applicable provision of 
law. 
(B) C
ONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this para-
graph shall be construed to authorize the use of a cyber threat indicator or defensive measure other than as provided in this sec-tion. 
(4) U
SE OF CYBER THREAT INDICATORS BY  
STATE , TRIBAL , OR LOCAL GOVERNMENT .— 
(A) L AW ENFORCEMENT USE .— (i) P RIOR WRITTEN CONSENT .—Except as pro-
vided in clause (ii), a cyber threat indicator shared with a State, tribal, or local govern-ment under this section may, with the prior written consent of the entity sharing such indicator, be used by a State, tribal, or local government for the purpose of preventing, investigating, or prosecuting any of the of-fenses described in section 105(d)(5)(A)(vi). 
(ii) O
RAL CONSENT .—If exigent cir-
cumstances prevent obtaining written con-sent under clause (i), such consent may be provided orally with subsequent documenta-tion of the consent. 
(B) E
XEMPTION FROM DISCLOSURE .—A cyber 
threat indicator shared with a State, tribal, or local government under this section shall be— 
(i) deemed voluntarily shared information; 
and 
(ii) exempt from disclosure under any 
State, tribal, or local law requiring disclo-sure of information or records. 
(C) S
TATE , TRIBAL , AND LOCAL REGULATORY  
AUTHORITY .— 
(i) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
clause (ii), a cyber threat indicator or defen-sive measure shared with a State, tribal, or local government under this title shall not be directly used by any State, tribal, or local government to regulate, including an en-forcement action, the lawful activity of any entity, including an activity relating to monitoring, operating a defensive measure, or sharing of a cyber threat indicator. 
(ii) R
EGULATORY AUTHORITY SPECIFICALLY  
RELATING TO PREVENTION OR MITIGATION OF  
CYBERSECURITY THREATS .—A cyber threat in-
dicator or defensive measures shared as de-scribed in clause (i) may, consistent with a State, tribal, or local government regulatory authority specifically relating to the preven-tion or mitigation of cybersecurity threats to information systems, inform the develop-ment or implementation of a regulation re-lating to such information systems. 
(e) A
NTITRUST EXEMPTION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in sec-
tion 108(e), it shall not be considered a viola-tion of any provision of antitrust laws for 2 or more private entities to exchange or pro-vide a cyber threat indicator, or assistance relating to the prevention, investigation, or mitigation of a cybersecurity threat, for cy-bersecurity purposes under this title. 
(2) A
PPLICABILITY .—Paragraph (1) shall 
apply only to information that is exchanged or assistance provided in order to assist with— 
(A) facilitating the prevention, investiga-
tion, or mitigation of a cybersecurity threat to an information system or information that is stored on, processed by, or transiting an information system; or 
(B) communicating or disclosing a cyber 
threat indicator to help prevent, investigate, or mitigate the effect of a cybersecurity threat to an information system or informa-tion that is stored on, processed by, or transiting an information system. 
(f) N
ORIGHT OR BENEFIT .—The sharing of a 
cyber threat indicator with an entity under this title shall not create a right or benefit to similar information by such entity or any other entity. 
SEC. 105. SHARING OF CYBER THREAT INDICA-
TORS AND DEFENSIVE MEASURES WITH THE FEDERAL GOVERNMENT. 
(a) R EQUIREMENT FOR POLICIES AND PROCE -
DURES .— 
(1) I NTERIM POLICIES AND PROCEDURES .—Not 
later than 60 days after the date of the enact-ment of this Act, the Attorney General and the Secretary of Homeland Security shall, in coordination with the heads of the appro-priate Federal entities, develop and submit to Congress interim policies and procedures relating to the receipt of cyber threat indica-tors and defensive measures by the Federal 
Government. 
(2) F
INAL POLICIES AND PROCEDURES .—Not 
later than 180 days after the date of the en-actment of this Act, the Attorney General and the Secretary of Homeland Security shall, in coordination with the heads of the appropriate Federal entities, promulgate final policies and procedures relating to the receipt of cyber threat indicators and defen-sive measures by the Federal Government. 
(3) R
EQUIREMENTS CONCERNING POLICIES AND  
PROCEDURES .—Consistent with the guidelines 
required by subsection (b), the policies and procedures developed and promulgated under this subsection shall— 
(A) ensure that cyber threat indicators 
shared with the Federal Government by any entity pursuant to section 104(c) through the real-time process described in subsection (c) of this section— 
(i) are shared in an automated manner 
with all of the appropriate Federal entities; 
(ii) are only subject to a delay, modifica-
tion, or other action due to controls estab-lished for such real-time process that could impede real-time receipt by all of the appro-priate Federal entities when the delay, modi-fication, or other action is due to controls— 
(I) agreed upon unanimously by all of the 
heads of the appropriate Federal entities; 
(II) carried out before any of the appro-
priate Federal entities retains or uses the cyber threat indicators or defensive meas-ures; and 
(III) uniformly applied such that each of 
the appropriate Federal entities is subject to the same delay, modification, or other ac-tion; and 
(iii) may be provided to other Federal enti-
ties; 
(B) ensure that cyber threat indicators 
shared with the Federal Government by any entity pursuant to section 104 in a manner other than the real time process described in subsection (c) of this section— 
(i) are shared as quickly as operationally 
practicable with all of the appropriate Fed-eral entities; 
(ii) are not subject to any unnecessary 
delay, interference, or any other action that could impede receipt by all of the appro-priate Federal entities; and 
(iii) may be provided to other Federal enti-
ties; 
(C) consistent with this title, any other ap-
plicable provisions of law, and the fair infor-mation practice principles set forth in ap-pendix A of the document entitled ‘‘National Strategy for Trusted Identities in Cyber-space’’ and published by the President in April, 2011, govern the retention, use, and dissemination by the Federal Government of cyber threat indicators shared with the Fed-eral Government under this title, including the extent, if any, to which such cyber threat indicators may be used by the Federal Government; and 
(D) ensure there are— (i) audit capabilities; and (ii) appropriate sanctions in place for offi-
cers, employees, or agents of a Federal enti-ty who knowingly and willfully conduct ac-tivities under this title in an unauthorized manner. 
(4) G
UIDELINES FOR ENTITIES SHARING CYBER  
THREAT INDICATORS WITH FEDERAL GOVERN -
MENT .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 60 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Attorney General and the Secretary of Homeland Security shall develop and make publicly available guidance to assist entities and promote sharing of cyber threat indica-tors with Federal entities under this title. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:46 Oct 21, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20OC6.017 S20OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7356 October 20, 2015 
(B) C ONTENTS .—The guidelines developed 
and made publicly available under subpara-graph (A) shall include guidance on the fol-lowing: 
(i) Identification of types of information 
that would qualify as a cyber threat indi-cator under this title that would be unlikely to include personal information or informa-tion that identifies a specific person not di-rectly related to a cyber security threat. 
(ii) Identification of types of information 
protected under otherwise applicable privacy laws that are unlikely to be directly related to a cybersecurity threat. 
(iii) Such other matters as the Attorney 
General and the Secretary of Homeland Se-curity consider appropriate for entities shar-ing cyber threat indicators with Federal en-tities under this title. 
(b) P
RIVACY AND CIVILLIBERTIES .— 
(1) G UIDELINES OF ATTORNEY GENERAL .—Not 
later than 60 days after the date of the enact-ment of this Act, the Attorney General shall, in coordination with heads of the appro-priate Federal entities and in consultation with officers designated under section 1062 of the National Security Intelligence Reform Act of 2004 (42 U.S.C. 2000ee–1), develop, sub-mit to Congress, and make available to the public interim guidelines relating to privacy and civil liberties which shall govern the re-ceipt, retention, use, and dissemination of cyber threat indicators by a Federal entity obtained in connection with activities au-thorized in this title. 
(2) F
INAL GUIDELINES .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Attorney General shall, in coordination with heads of the appropriate Federal enti-ties and in consultation with officers des-ignated under section 1062 of the National Security Intelligence Reform Act of 2004 (42 U.S.C. 2000ee–1) and such private entities with industry expertise as the Attorney Gen-eral considers relevant, promulgate final guidelines relating to privacy and civil lib-erties which shall govern the receipt, reten-tion, use, and dissemination of cyber threat indicators by a Federal entity obtained in connection with activities authorized in this title. 
(B) P
ERIODIC REVIEW .—The Attorney Gen-
eral shall, in coordination with heads of the 
appropriate Federal entities and in consulta-tion with officers and private entities de-scribed in subparagraph (A), periodically, but not less frequently than once every two years, review the guidelines promulgated under subparagraph (A). 
(3) C
ONTENT .—The guidelines required by 
paragraphs (1) and (2) shall, consistent with the need to protect information systems from cybersecurity threats and mitigate cy-bersecurity threats— 
(A) limit the effect on privacy and civil lib-
erties of activities by the Federal Govern-ment under this title; 
(B) limit the receipt, retention, use, and 
dissemination of cyber threat indicators con-taining personal information or information that identifies specific persons, including by establishing— 
(i) a process for the timely destruction of 
such information that is known not to be di-rectly related to uses authorized under this title; and 
(ii) specific limitations on the length of 
any period in which a cyber threat indicator may be retained; 
(C) include requirements to safeguard 
cyber threat indicators containing personal information or information that identifies specific persons from unauthorized access or acquisition, including appropriate sanctions for activities by officers, employees, or agents of the Federal Government in con-travention of such guidelines; (D) include procedures for notifying enti-
ties and Federal entities if information re-ceived pursuant to this section is known or determined by a Federal entity receiving such information not to constitute a cyber threat indicator; 
(E) protect the confidentiality of cyber 
threat indicators containing personal infor-mation or information that identifies spe-cific persons to the greatest extent prac-ticable and require recipients to be informed that such indicators may only be used for purposes authorized under this title; and 
(F) include steps that may be needed so 
that dissemination of cyber threat indicators is consistent with the protection of classified and other sensitive national security infor-mation. 
(c) C
APABILITY AND PROCESS WITHIN THE  
DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security, in co-ordination with the heads of the appropriate Federal entities, shall develop and imple-ment a capability and process within the De-partment of Homeland Security that— 
(A) shall accept from any entity in real 
time cyber threat indicators and defensive measures, pursuant to this section; 
(B) shall, upon submittal of the certifi-
cation under paragraph (2) that such capa-bility and process fully and effectively oper-ates as described in such paragraph, be the process by which the Federal Government re-ceives cyber threat indicators and defensive measures under this title that are shared by a private entity with the Federal Govern-ment through electronic mail or media, an interactive form on an Internet website, or a real time, automated process between infor-mation systems except— 
(i) consistent with section 104, communica-
tions between a Federal entity and a private entity regarding a previously shared cyber threat indicator to describe the relevant cy-bersecurity threat or develop a defensive measure based on such cyber threat indi-cator; and 
(ii) communications by a regulated entity 
with such entity’s Federal regulatory au-thority regarding a cybersecurity threat; 
(C) ensures that all of the appropriate Fed-
eral entities receive in an automated manner such cyber threat indicators shared through the real-time process within the Department of Homeland Security; 
(D) is in compliance with the policies, pro-
cedures, and guidelines required by this sec-tion; and 
(E) does not limit or prohibit otherwise 
lawful disclosures of communications, records, or other information, including— 
(i) reporting of known or suspected crimi-
nal activity, by an entity to any other entity or a Federal entity; 
(ii) voluntary or legally compelled partici-
pation in a Federal investigation; and 
(iii) providing cyber threat indicators or 
defensive measures as part of a statutory or authorized contractual requirement. 
(2) C
ERTIFICATION .—Not later than 10 days 
prior to the implementation of the capa-bility and process required by paragraph (1), the Secretary of Homeland Security shall, in consultation with the heads of the appro-priate Federal entities, certify to Congress whether such capability and process fully and effectively operates— 
(A) as the process by which the Federal 
Government receives from any entity a cyber threat indicator or defensive measure under this title; and 
(B) in accordance with the policies, proce-
dures, and guidelines developed under this section. 
(3) P
UBLIC NOTICE AND ACCESS .—The Sec-
retary of Homeland Security shall ensure there is public notice of, and access to, the 
capability and process developed and imple-mented under paragraph (1) so that— 
(A) any entity may share cyber threat in-
dicators and defensive measures through such process with the Federal Government; and 
(B) all of the appropriate Federal entities 
receive such cyber threat indicators and de-fensive measures in real time with receipt through the process within the Department of Homeland Security. 
(4) O
THER FEDERAL ENTITIES .—The process 
developed and implemented under paragraph (1) shall ensure that other Federal entities receive in a timely manner any cyber threat indicators and defensive measures shared with the Federal Government through such process. 
(5) R
EPORT ON DEVELOPMENT AND IMPLEMEN -
TATION .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 60 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall submit to Congress a report on the develop-ment and implementation of the capability and process required by paragraph (1), in-cluding a description of such capability and process and the public notice of, and access to, such process. 
(B) C
LASSIFIED ANNEX .—The report re-
quired by subparagraph (A) shall be sub-mitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
(d) I
NFORMATION SHARED WITH OR PROVIDED  
TO THE FEDERAL GOVERNMENT .— 
(1) N O WAIVER OF PRIVILEGE OR PROTEC -
TION.—The provision of cyber threat indica-
tors and defensive measures to the Federal Government under this title shall not con-stitute a waiver of any applicable privilege or protection provided by law, including trade secret protection. 
(2) P
ROPRIETARY INFORMATION .—Consistent 
with section 104(c)(2), a cyber threat indi-cator or defensive measure provided by an entity to the Federal Government under this title shall be considered the commercial, fi-nancial, and proprietary information of such entity when so designated by the originating entity or a third party acting in accordance with the written authorization of the origi-nating entity. 
(3) E
XEMPTION FROM DISCLOSURE .—Cyber 
threat indicators and defensive measures provided to the Federal Government under this title shall be— 
(A) deemed voluntarily shared information 
and exempt from disclosure under section 552 of title 5, United States Code, and any State, tribal, or local law requiring disclosure of in-
formation or records; and 
(B) withheld, without discretion, from the 
public under section 552(b)(3)(B) of title 5, United States Code, and any State, tribal, or local provision of law requiring disclosure of information or records. 
(4) E
X PARTE COMMUNICATIONS .—The provi-
sion of a cyber threat indicator or defensive measure to the Federal Government under this title shall not be subject to a rule of any Federal agency or department or any judi-cial doctrine regarding ex parte communica-tions with a decision-making official. 
(5) D
ISCLOSURE , RETENTION , AND USE .— 
(A) A UTHORIZED ACTIVITIES .—Cyber threat 
indicators and defensive measures provided to the Federal Government under this title may be disclosed to, retained by, and used by, consistent with otherwise applicable pro-visions of Federal law, any Federal agency or department, component, officer, employee, or agent of the Federal Government solely for— 
(i) a cybersecurity purpose; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:46 Oct 21, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20OC6.017 S20OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7357 October 20, 2015 
(ii) the purpose of identifying a cybersecu-
rity threat, including the source of such cy-bersecurity threat, or a security vulner-ability; 
(iii) the purpose of identifying a cybersecu-
rity threat involving the use of an informa-tion system by a foreign adversary or ter-rorist; 
(iv) the purpose of responding to, or other-
wise preventing or mitigating, an imminent threat of death, serious bodily harm, or seri-ous economic harm, including a terrorist act or a use of a weapon of mass destruction; 
(v) the purpose of responding to, or other-
wise preventing or mitigating, a serious threat to a minor, including sexual exploi-tation and threats to physical safety; or 
(vi) the purpose of preventing, inves-
tigating, disrupting, or prosecuting an of-fense arising out of a threat described in clause (iv) or any of the offenses listed in— 
(I) sections 1028 through 1030 of title 18, 
United States Code (relating to fraud and identity theft); 
(II) chapter 37 of such title (relating to es-
pionage and censorship); and 
(III) chapter 90 of such title (relating to 
protection of trade secrets). 
(B) P
ROHIBITED ACTIVITIES .—Cyber threat 
indicators and defensive measures provided to the Federal Government under this title shall not be disclosed to, retained by, or used by any Federal agency or department for any use not permitted under subparagraph (A). 
(C) P
RIVACY AND CIVIL LIBERTIES .—Cyber 
threat indicators and defensive measures provided to the Federal Government under this title shall be retained, used, and dis-seminated by the Federal Government— 
(i) in accordance with the policies, proce-
dures, and guidelines required by subsections (a) and (b); 
(ii) in a manner that protects from unau-
thorized use or disclosure any cyber threat indicators that may contain personal infor-mation or information that identifies spe-cific persons; and 
(iii) in a manner that protects the con-
fidentiality of cyber threat indicators con-taining personal information or information that identifies a specific person. 
(D) F
EDERAL REGULATORY AUTHORITY .— 
(i) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
clause (ii), cyber threat indicators and defen-sive measures provided to the Federal Gov-ernment under this title shall not be directly used by any Federal, State, tribal, or local government to regulate, including an en-forcement action, the lawful activities of any entity, including activities relating to monitoring, operating defensive measures, or sharing cyber threat indicators. 
(ii) E
XCEPTIONS .— 
(I) R EGULATORY AUTHORITY SPECIFICALLY  
RELATING TO PREVENTION OR MITIGATION OF  
CYBERSECURITY THREATS .—Cyber threat indi-
cators and defensive measures provided to the Federal Government under this title may, consistent with Federal or State regu-latory authority specifically relating to the prevention or mitigation of cybersecurity threats to information systems, inform the development or implementation of regula-tions relating to such information systems. 
(II) P
ROCEDURES DEVELOPED AND IMPLE -
MENTED UNDER THIS TITLE .—Clause (i) shall 
not apply to procedures developed and imple-mented under this title. 
SEC. 106. PROTECTION FROM LIABILITY. 
(a) M ONITORING OF INFORMATION SYSTEMS .— 
No cause of action shall lie or be maintained in any court against any private entity, and such action shall be promptly dismissed, for the monitoring of information systems and information under section 104(a) that is con-ducted in accordance with this title. 
(b) S
HARING OR RECEIPT OF CYBER THREAT  
INDICATORS .—No cause of action shall lie or be maintained in any court against any enti-
ty, and such action shall be promptly dis-missed, for the sharing or receipt of cyber threat indicators or defensive measures under section 104(c) if— 
(1) such sharing or receipt is conducted in 
accordance with this title; and 
(2) in a case in which a cyber threat indi-
cator or defensive measure is shared with the Federal Government, the cyber threat indi-cator or defensive measure is shared in a manner that is consistent with section 105(c)(1)(B) and the sharing or receipt, as the case may be, occurs after the earlier of— 
(A) the date on which the interim policies 
and procedures are submitted to Congress under section 105(a)(1) and guidelines are submitted to Congress under section 105(b)(1); or 
(B) the date that is 60 days after the date 
of the enactment of this Act. 
(c) C
ONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section 
shall be construed— 
(1) to require dismissal of a cause of action 
against an entity that has engaged in gross negligence or willful misconduct in the course of conducting activities authorized by this title; or 
(2) to undermine or limit the availability 
of otherwise applicable common law or stat-utory defenses. 
SEC. 107. OVERSIGHT OF GOVERNMENT ACTIVI-
TIES. 
(a) B IENNIAL REPORT ON IMPLEMENTATION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, and not less frequently than once every 2 years thereafter, the heads of the appropriate Fed-eral entities shall jointly submit and the In-spector General of the Department of Home-land Security, the Inspector General of the Intelligence Community, the Inspector Gen-eral of the Department of Justice, the In-spector General of the Department of De-fense, and the Inspector General of the De-
partment of Energy, in consultation with the Council of Inspectors General on Financial Oversight, shall jointly submit to Congress a detailed report concerning the implementa-tion of this title during— 
(A) in the case of the first report submitted 
under this paragraph, the most recent 1-year period; and 
(B) in the case of any subsequent report 
submitted under this paragraph, the most re-cent 2-year period. 
(2) C
ONTENTS .—Each report submitted 
under paragraph (1) shall include, for the pe-riod covered by the report, the following: 
(A) An assessment of the sufficiency of the 
policies, procedures, and guidelines required by section 105 in ensuring that cyber threat indicators are shared effectively and respon-sibly within the Federal Government. 
(B) An evaluation of the effectiveness of 
real-time information sharing through the capability and process developed under sec-tion 105(c), including any impediments to such real-time sharing. 
(C) An assessment of the sufficiency of the 
procedures developed under section 103 in en-suring that cyber threat indicators in the possession of the Federal Government are shared in a timely and adequate manner with appropriate entities, or, if appropriate, are made publicly available. 
(D) An assessment of whether cyber threat 
indicators have been properly classified and an accounting of the number of security clearances authorized by the Federal Gov-ernment for the purposes of this title. 
(E) A review of the type of cyber threat in-
dicators shared with the appropriate Federal entities under this title, including the fol-lowing: 
(i) The number of cyber threat indicators 
received through the capability and process developed under section 105(c). (ii) The number of times that information 
shared under this title was used by a Federal entity to prosecute an offense consistent with section 105(d)(5)(A). 
(iii) The degree to which such information 
may affect the privacy and civil liberties of specific persons. 
(iv) A quantitative and qualitative assess-
ment of the effect of the sharing of such cyber threat indicators with the Federal Government on privacy and civil liberties of specific persons, including the number of no-tices that were issued with respect to a fail-ure to remove personal information or infor-mation that identified a specific person not directly related to a cybersecurity threat in accordance with the procedures required by section 105(b)(3)(D). 
(v) The adequacy of any steps taken by the 
Federal Government to reduce such effect. 
(F) A review of actions taken by the Fed-
eral Government based on cyber threat indi-cators shared with the Federal Government under this title, including the appropriate-ness of any subsequent use or dissemination of such cyber threat indicators by a Federal entity under section 105. 
(G) A description of any significant viola-
tions of the requirements of this title by the Federal Government. 
(H) A summary of the number and type of 
entities that received classified cyber threat indicators from the Federal Government under this title and an evaluation of the risks and benefits of sharing such cyber threat indicators. 
(3) R
ECOMMENDATIONS .—Each report sub-
mitted under paragraph (1) may include rec-ommendations for improvements or modi-fications to the authorities and processes under this title. 
(4) F
ORM OF REPORT .—Each report required 
by paragraph (1) shall be submitted in un-classified form, but may include a classified annex. 
(b) R
EPORTS ON PRIVACY AND CIVIL LIB-
ERTIES .— 
(1) B IENNIAL REPORT FROM PRIVACY AND  
CIVIL LIBERTIES OVERSIGHT BOARD .—Not later 
than 2 years after the date of the enactment of this Act and not less frequently than once every 2 years thereafter, the Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board shall submit to Congress and the President a report pro-viding— 
(A) an assessment of the effect on privacy 
and civil liberties by the type of activities carried out under this title; and 
(B) an assessment of the sufficiency of the 
policies, procedures, and guidelines estab-lished pursuant to section 105 in addressing concerns relating to privacy and civil lib-erties. 
(2) B
IENNIAL REPORT OF INSPECTORS GEN -
ERAL .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 2 years 
after the date of the enactment of this Act and not less frequently than once every 2 years thereafter, the Inspector General of the Department of Homeland Security, the Inspector General of the Intelligence Com-munity, the Inspector General of the Depart-ment of Justice, the Inspector General of the Department of Defense, and the Inspector General of the Department of Energy shall, in consultation with the Council of Inspec-tors General on Financial Oversight, jointly submit to Congress a report on the receipt, use, and dissemination of cyber threat indi-cators and defensive measures that have been shared with Federal entities under this title. 
(B) C
ONTENTS .—Each report submitted 
under subparagraph (A) shall include the fol-lowing: 
(i) A review of the types of cyber threat in-
dicators shared with Federal entities. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:46 Oct 21, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20OC6.017 S20OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7358 October 20, 2015 
(ii) A review of the actions taken by Fed-
eral entities as a result of the receipt of such cyber threat indicators. 
(iii) A list of Federal entities receiving 
such cyber threat indicators. 
(iv) A review of the sharing of such cyber 
threat indicators among Federal entities to identify inappropriate barriers to sharing in-formation. 
(3) R
ECOMMENDATIONS .—Each report sub-
mitted under this subsection may include such recommendations as the Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board, with respect to a report submitted under paragraph (1), or the Inspectors General referred to in para-graph (2)(A), with respect to a report sub-mitted under paragraph (2), may have for im-provements or modifications to the authori-ties under this title. 
(4) F
ORM.—Each report required under this 
subsection shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
SEC. 108. CONSTRUCTION AND PREEMPTION. 
(a) O THERWISE LAWFUL DISCLOSURES .— 
Nothing in this title shall be construed— 
(1) to limit or prohibit otherwise lawful 
disclosures of communications, records, or other information, including reporting of known or suspected criminal activity, by an entity to any other entity or the Federal Government under this title; or 
(2) to limit or prohibit otherwise lawful use 
of such disclosures by any Federal entity, even when such otherwise lawful disclosures duplicate or replicate disclosures made under this title. 
(b) W
HISTLE BLOWER PROTECTIONS .—Noth-
ing in this title shall be construed to pro-hibit or limit the disclosure of information protected under section 2302(b)(8) of title 5, United States Code (governing disclosures of illegality, waste, fraud, abuse, or public health or safety threats), section 7211 of title 5, United States Code (governing disclosures to Congress), section 1034 of title 10, United States Code (governing disclosure to Con-gress by members of the military), section 1104 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3234) (governing disclosure by employ-ees of elements of the intelligence commu-nity), or any similar provision of Federal or State law. 
(c) P
ROTECTION OF SOURCES AND METH-
ODS.—Nothing in this title shall be con-
strued— 
(1) as creating any immunity against, or 
otherwise affecting, any action brought by the Federal Government, or any agency or department thereof, to enforce any law, ex-ecutive order, or procedure governing the ap-propriate handling, disclosure, or use of clas-sified information; 
(2) to affect the conduct of authorized law 
enforcement or intelligence activities; or 
(3) to modify the authority of a depart-
ment or agency of the Federal Government to protect classified information and sources and methods and the national security of the United States. 
(d) R
ELATIONSHIP TO OTHER LAWS.—Noth-
ing in this title shall be construed to affect any requirement under any other provision of law for an entity to provide information to the Federal Government. 
(e) P
ROHIBITED CONDUCT .—Nothing in this 
title shall be construed to permit price-fix-ing, allocating a market between competi-
tors, monopolizing or attempting to monopo-lize a market, boycotting, or exchanges of price or cost information, customer lists, or information regarding future competitive planning. 
(f) I
NFORMATION SHARING RELATIONSHIPS .— 
Nothing in this title shall be construed— 
(1) to limit or modify an existing informa-
tion sharing relationship; 
(2) to prohibit a new information sharing 
relationship; (3) to require a new information sharing re-
lationship between any entity and another entity or a Federal entity; or 
(4) to require the use of the capability and 
process within the Department of Homeland Security developed under section 105(c). 
(g) P
RESERVATION OF CONTRACTUAL OBLIGA -
TIONS AND RIGHTS .—Nothing in this title 
shall be construed— 
(1) to amend, repeal, or supersede any cur-
rent or future contractual agreement, terms of service agreement, or other contractual relationship between any entities, or be-tween any entity and a Federal entity; or 
(2) to abrogate trade secret or intellectual 
property rights of any entity or Federal enti-ty. 
(h) A
NTI-TASKING RESTRICTION .—Nothing in 
this title shall be construed to permit a Fed-eral entity— 
(1) to require an entity to provide informa-
tion to a Federal entity or another entity; 
(2) to condition the sharing of cyber threat 
indicators with an entity on such entity’s provision of cyber threat indicators to a Fed-eral entity or another entity; or 
(3) to condition the award of any Federal 
grant, contract, or purchase on the provision of a cyber threat indicator to a Federal enti-ty or another entity. 
(i) N
OLIABILITY FOR NON-PARTICIPATION .— 
Nothing in this title shall be construed to subject any entity to liability for choosing not to engage in the voluntary activities au-thorized in this title. 
(j) U
SE AND RETENTION OF INFORMATION .— 
Nothing in this title shall be construed to authorize, or to modify any existing author-ity of, a department or agency of the Federal Government to retain or use any informa-tion shared under this title for any use other than permitted in this title. 
(k) F
EDERAL PREEMPTION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—This title supersedes any 
statute or other provision of law of a State or political subdivision of a State that re-stricts or otherwise expressly regulates an activity authorized under this title. 
(2) S
TATE LAW ENFORCEMENT .—Nothing in 
this title shall be construed to supersede any statute or other provision of law of a State or political subdivision of a State concerning the use of authorized law enforcement prac-tices and procedures. 
(l) R
EGULATORY AUTHORITY .—Nothing in 
this title shall be construed— 
(1) to authorize the promulgation of any 
regulations not specifically authorized by this title; 
(2) to establish or limit any regulatory au-
thority not specifically established or lim-ited under this title; or 
(3) to authorize regulatory actions that 
would duplicate or conflict with regulatory requirements, mandatory standards, or re-lated processes under another provision of Federal law. 
(m) A
UTHORITY OF SECRETARY OF DEFENSE  
TORESPOND TO CYBER ATTACKS .—Nothing in 
this title shall be construed to limit the au-thority of the Secretary of Defense to de-velop, prepare, coordinate, or, when author-ized by the President to do so, conduct a military cyber operation in response to a malicious cyber activity carried out against the United States or a United States person by a foreign government or an organization sponsored by a foreign government or a ter-rorist organization. 
SEC. 109. REPORT ON CYBERSECURITY THREATS. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 180 
days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of National Intelligence, in coordination with the heads of other appro-priate elements of the intelligence commu-nity, shall submit to the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate and the Perma-nent Select Committee on Intelligence of the 
House of Representatives a report on cyber-security threats, including cyber attacks, theft, and data breaches. 
(b) C
ONTENTS .—The report required by sub-
section (a) shall include the following: 
(1) An assessment of the current intel-
ligence sharing and cooperation relation-ships of the United States with other coun-tries regarding cybersecurity threats, includ-ing cyber attacks, theft, and data breaches, directed against the United States and which threaten the United States national security interests and economy and intellectual prop-erty, specifically identifying the relative utility of such relationships, which elements of the intelligence community participate in such relationships, and whether and how such relationships could be improved. 
(2) A list and an assessment of the coun-
tries and nonstate actors that are the pri-mary threats of carrying out a cybersecurity threat, including a cyber attack, theft, or data breach, against the United States and which threaten the United States national security, economy, and intellectual prop-erty. 
(3) A description of the extent to which the 
capabilities of the United States Govern-ment to respond to or prevent cybersecurity threats, including cyber attacks, theft, or data breaches, directed against the United States private sector are degraded by a delay in the prompt notification by private enti-ties of such threats or cyber attacks, theft, and breaches. 
(4) An assessment of additional tech-
nologies or capabilities that would enhance the ability of the United States to prevent and to respond to cybersecurity threats, in-cluding cyber attacks, theft, and data breaches. 
(5) An assessment of any technologies or 
practices utilized by the private sector that could be rapidly fielded to assist the intel-ligence community in preventing and re-sponding to cybersecurity threats. 
(c) A
DDITIONAL REPORT .—At the time the 
report required by subsection (a) is sub-mitted, the Director of National Intelligence shall submit to the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Represent-atives a report containing the information required by subsection (b)(2). 
(d) F
ORM OF REPORT .—The report required 
by subsection (a) shall be made available in classified and unclassified forms. 
(e) I
NTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY DEFINED .—In 
this section, the term ‘‘intelligence commu-nity’’ has the meaning given that term in section 3 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003). 
SEC. 110. CONFORMING AMENDMENT. 
Section 941(c)(3) of the National Defense 
Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (Pub-lic Law 112–239; 10 U.S.C. 2224 note) is amend-ed by inserting at the end the following: ‘‘The Secretary may share such information with other Federal entities if such informa-tion consists of cyber threat indicators and defensive measures and such information is shared consistent with the policies and pro-cedures promulgated by the Attorney Gen-eral and the Secretary of Homeland Security under section 105 of the Cybersecurity Infor-mation Sharing Act of 2015.’’. 
TITLE II—FEDERAL CYBERSECURITY 
ENHANCEMENT 
SEC. 201. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Federal Cy-
bersecurity Enhancement Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 202. DEFINITIONS. 
In this title— (1) the term ‘‘agency’’ has the meaning 
given the term in section 3502 of title 44, United States Code; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:46 Oct 21, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20OC6.017 S20OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7359 October 20, 2015 
(2) the term ‘‘agency information system’’ 
has the meaning given the term in section 228 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002, as added by section 203(a); 
(3) the term ‘‘appropriate congressional 
committees’’ means— 
(A) the Committee on Homeland Security 
and Governmental Affairs of the Senate; and 
(B) the Committee on Homeland Security 
of the House of Representatives; 
(4) the terms ‘‘cybersecurity risk’’ and ‘‘in-
formation system’’ have the meanings given those terms in section 227 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002, as so redesignated by section 203(a); 
(5) the term ‘‘Director’’ means the Director 
of the Office of Management and Budget; 
(6) the term ‘‘intelligence community’’ has 
the meaning given the term in section 3(4) of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003(4)); and 
(7) the term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Sec-
retary of Homeland Security. 
SEC. 203. IMPROVED FEDERAL NETWORK SECU-
RITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle C of title II of 
the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 141 et seq.) is amended— 
(1) by redesignating section 228 as section 
229; 
(2) by redesignating section 227 as sub-
section (c) of section 228, as added by para-graph (4), and adjusting the margins accord-ingly; 
(3) by redesignating the second section des-
ignated as section 226 (relating to the na-tional cybersecurity and communications in-
tegration center) as section 227; 
(4) by inserting after section 227, as so re-
designated, the following: 
‘‘SEC. 228. CYBERSECURITY PLANS. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section— 
‘‘(1) the term ‘agency information system’ 
means an information system used or oper-ated by an agency or by another entity on behalf of an agency; 
‘‘(2) the terms ‘cybersecurity risk’ and ‘in-
formation system’ have the meanings given those terms in section 227; and 
‘‘(3) the term ‘intelligence community’ has 
the meaning given the term in section 3(4) of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003(4)). 
‘‘(b) I
NTRUSION ASSESSMENT PLAN.— 
‘‘(1) R EQUIREMENT .—The Secretary, in co-
ordination with the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, shall develop and implement an intrusion assessment plan to identify and remove intruders in agency in-formation systems. 
‘‘(2) E
XCEPTION .—The intrusion assessment 
plan required under paragraph (1) shall not apply to the Department of Defense, a na-tional security system, or an element of the intelligence community.’’; 
(5) in section 228(c), as so redesignated, by 
striking ‘‘section 226’’ and inserting ‘‘section 227’’; and 
(6) by inserting after section 229, as so re-
designated, the following: 
‘‘SEC. 230. FEDERAL INTRUSION DETECTION AND 
PREVENTION SYSTEM. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section— 
‘‘(1) the term ‘agency’ has the meaning 
given that term in section 3502 of title 44, United States Code; 
‘‘(2) the term ‘agency information’ means 
information collected or maintained by or on behalf of an agency; 
‘‘(3) the term ‘agency information system’ 
has the meaning given the term in section 228; and 
‘‘(4) the terms ‘cybersecurity risk’ and ‘in-
formation system’ have the meanings given those terms in section 227. 
‘‘(b) R
EQUIREMENT .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year 
after the date of enactment of this section, the Secretary shall deploy, operate, and 
maintain, to make available for use by any agency, with or without reimbursement— 
‘‘(A) a capability to detect cybersecurity 
risks in network traffic transiting or trav-eling to or from an agency information sys-tem; and 
‘‘(B) a capability to prevent network traf-
fic associated with such cybersecurity risks from transiting or traveling to or from an agency information system or modify such network traffic to remove the cybersecurity risk. 
‘‘(2) R
EGULAR IMPROVEMENT .—The Sec-
retary shall regularly deploy new tech-nologies and modify existing technologies to the intrusion detection and prevention capa-bilities described in paragraph (1) as appro-priate to improve the intrusion detection and prevention capabilities. 
‘‘(c) A
CTIVITIES .—In carrying out sub-
section (b), the Secretary— 
‘‘(1) may access, and the head of an agency 
may disclose to the Secretary or a private entity providing assistance to the Secretary under paragraph (2), information transiting or traveling to or from an agency informa-tion system, regardless of the location from which the Secretary or a private entity pro-viding assistance to the Secretary under paragraph (2) accesses such information, not-withstanding any other provision of law that would otherwise restrict or prevent the head of an agency from disclosing such informa-tion to the Secretary or a private entity pro-viding assistance to the Secretary under paragraph (2); 
‘‘(2) may enter into contracts or other 
agreements with, or otherwise request and obtain the assistance of, private entities to deploy and operate technologies in accord-ance with subsection (b); 
‘‘(3) may retain, use, and disclose informa-
tion obtained through the conduct of activi-ties authorized under this section only to protect information and information sys-tems from cybersecurity risks; 
‘‘(4) shall regularly assess through oper-
ational test and evaluation in real world or simulated environments available advanced protective technologies to improve detection and prevention capabilities, including com-mercial and non-commercial technologies and detection technologies beyond signa-ture-based detection, and utilize such tech-nologies when appropriate; 
‘‘(5) shall establish a pilot to acquire, test, 
and deploy, as rapidly as possible, tech-nologies described in paragraph (4); 
‘‘(6) shall periodically update the privacy 
impact assessment required under section 208(b) of the E-Government Act of 2002 (44 U.S.C. 3501 note); and 
‘‘(7) shall ensure that— ‘‘(A) activities carried out under this sec-
tion are reasonably necessary for the pur-pose of protecting agency information and agency information systems from a cyberse-curity risk; 
‘‘(B) information accessed by the Secretary 
will be retained no longer than reasonably necessary for the purpose of protecting agen-cy information and agency information sys-tems from a cybersecurity risk; 
‘‘(C) notice has been provided to users of an 
agency information system concerning ac-cess to communications of users of the agen-cy information system for the purpose of protecting agency information and the agen-cy information system; and 
‘‘(D) the activities are implemented pursu-
ant to policies and procedures governing the operation of the intrusion detection and pre-vention capabilities. 
‘‘(d) P
RIVATE ENTITIES .— 
‘‘(1) C ONDITIONS .—A private entity de-
scribed in subsection (c)(2) may not— ‘‘(A) disclose any network traffic 
transiting or traveling to or from an agency information system to any entity without the consent of the Department or the agency that disclosed the information under sub-section (c)(1); or 
‘‘(B) use any network traffic transiting or 
traveling to or from an agency information system to which the private entity gains ac-cess in accordance with this section for any purpose other than to protect agency infor-mation and agency information systems against cybersecurity risks or to administer a contract or other agreement entered into pursuant to subsection (c)(2) or as part of an-other contract with the Secretary. 
‘‘(2) L
IMITATION ON LIABILITY .—No cause of 
action shall lie in any court against a pri-vate entity for assistance provided to the Secretary in accordance with this section and any contract or agreement entered into pursuant to subsection (c)(2). 
‘‘(3) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
paragraph (2) shall be construed to authorize an Internet service provider to break a user agreement with a customer without the con-sent of the customer. 
‘‘(e) A
TTORNEY GENERAL REVIEW .—Not 
later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this section, the Attorney General shall review the policies and guidelines for the program carried out under this section to en-sure that the policies and guidelines are con-sistent with applicable law governing the ac-quisition, interception, retention, use, and 
disclosure of communications.’’. 
(b) P
RIORITIZING ADVANCED SECURITY  
TOOLS.—The Director and the Secretary, in 
consultation with appropriate agencies, shall— 
(1) review and update governmentwide 
policies and programs to ensure appropriate prioritization and use of network security monitoring tools within agency networks; and 
(2) brief appropriate congressional commit-
tees on such prioritization and use. 
(c) A
GENCY RESPONSIBILITIES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
paragraph (2)— 
(A) not later than 1 year after the date of 
enactment of this Act or 2 months after the date on which the Secretary makes available the intrusion detection and prevention capa-bilities under section 230(b)(1) of the Home-land Security Act of 2002, as added by sub-section (a), whichever is later, the head of each agency shall apply and continue to uti-lize the capabilities to all information trav-eling between an agency information system and any information system other than an agency information system; and 
(B) not later than 6 months after the date 
on which the Secretary makes available im-provements to the intrusion detection and prevention capabilities pursuant to section 230(b)(2) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002, as added by subsection (a), the head of each agency shall apply and continue to uti-lize the improved intrusion detection and prevention capabilities. 
(2) E
XCEPTION .—The requirements under 
paragraph (1) shall not apply to the Depart-ment of Defense, a national security system, or an element of the intelligence commu-nity. 
(3) D
EFINITION .—Notwithstanding section 
202, in this subsection, the term ‘‘agency in-formation system’’ means an information system owned or operated by an agency. 
(4) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this 
subsection shall be construed to limit an agency from applying the intrusion detec-tion and prevention capabilities under sec-tion 230(b)(1) of the Homeland Security Act 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:46 Oct 21, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20OC6.017 S20OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7360 October 20, 2015 
of 2002, as added by subsection (a), at the dis-
cretion of the head of the agency or as pro-vided in relevant policies, directives, and guidelines. 
(d) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS AMENDMENT .—The 
table of contents in section 1(b) of the Home-land Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 101 note) is amended by striking the items relating to the first section designated as section 226, the second section designated as section 226 (relating to the national cybersecurity and communications integration center), section 227, and section 228 and inserting the fol-lowing: 
‘‘Sec. 226. Cybersecurity recruitment and re-
tention. 
‘‘Sec. 227. National cybersecurity and com-
munications integration center. 
‘‘Sec. 228. Cybersecurity plans. ‘‘Sec. 229. Clearances. ‘‘Sec. 230. Federal intrusion detection and 
prevention system.’’. 
SEC. 204. ADVANCED INTERNAL DEFENSES. 
(a) A DVANCED NETWORK SECURITY TOOLS.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall in-
clude in the Continuous Diagnostics and Mitigation Program advanced network secu-rity tools to improve visibility of network activity, including through the use of com-mercial and free or open source tools, to de-tect and mitigate intrusions and anomalous activity. 
(2) D
EVELOPMENT OF PLAN .—The Director 
shall develop and implement a plan to ensure that each agency utilizes advanced network security tools, including those described in paragraph (1), to detect and mitigate intru-sions and anomalous activity. 
(b) I
MPROVED METRICS .—The Secretary, in 
collaboration with the Director, shall review and update the metrics used to measure se-curity under section 3554 of title 44, United States Code, to include measures of intru-sion and incident detection and response times. 
(c) T
RANSPARENCY AND ACCOUNTABILITY .— 
The Director, in consultation with the Sec-retary, shall increase transparency to the public on agency cybersecurity posture, in-cluding by increasing the number of metrics available on Federal Government perform-ance websites and, to the greatest extent practicable, displaying metrics for depart-ment components, small agencies, and micro agencies. 
(d) M
AINTENANCE OF TECHNOLOGIES .—Sec-
tion 3553(b)(6)(B) of title 44, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘, operating, and maintaining’’ after ‘‘deploying’’. 
(e) E
XCEPTION .—The requirements under 
this section shall not apply to the Depart-ment of Defense, a national security system, or an element of the intelligence commu-nity. 
SEC. 205. FEDERAL CYBERSECURITY REQUIRE-
MENTS. 
(a) I MPLEMENTATION OF FEDERAL CYBERSE -
CURITY STANDARDS .—Consistent with section 
3553 of title 44, United States Code, the Sec-retary, in consultation with the Director, shall exercise the authority to issue binding operational directives to assist the Director in ensuring timely agency adoption of and compliance with policies and standards pro-mulgated under section 11331 of title 40, United States Code, for securing agency in-formation systems. 
(b) C
YBERSECURITY REQUIREMENTS AT AGEN-
CIES.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Consistent with policies, 
standards, guidelines, and directives on in-formation security under subchapter II of chapter 35 of title 44, United States Code, and the standards and guidelines promul-gated under section 11331 of title 40, United States Code, and except as provided in para-graph (2), not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the head of 
each agency shall— 
(A) identify sensitive and mission critical 
data stored by the agency consistent with the inventory required under the first sub-section (c) (relating to the inventory of major information systems) and the second subsection (c) (relating to the inventory of information systems) of section 3505 of title 44, United States Code; 
(B) assess access controls to the data de-
scribed in subparagraph (A), the need for readily accessible storage of the data, and in-dividuals’ need to access the data; 
(C) encrypt or otherwise render indecipher-
able to unauthorized users the data described in subparagraph (A) that is stored on or transiting agency information systems; 
(D) implement a single sign-on trusted 
identity platform for individuals accessing each public website of the agency that re-quires user authentication, as developed by the Administrator of General Services in col-laboration with the Secretary; and 
(E) implement identity management con-
sistent with section 504 of the Cybersecurity Enhancement Act of 2014 (Public Law 113– 274; 15 U.S.C. 7464), including multi-factor authentication, for— 
(i) remote access to an agency information 
system; and 
(ii) each user account with elevated privi-
leges on an agency information system. 
(2) E
XCEPTION .—The requirements under 
paragraph (1) shall not apply to an agency information system for which— 
(A) the head of the agency has personally 
certified to the Director with particularity that— 
(i) operational requirements articulated in 
the certification and related to the agency information system would make it exces-sively burdensome to implement the cyber-security requirement; 
(ii) the cybersecurity requirement is not 
necessary to secure the agency information system or agency information stored on or transiting it; and 
(iii) the agency has all taken necessary 
steps to secure the agency information sys-tem and agency information stored on or transiting it; and 
(B) the head of the agency or the designee 
of the head of the agency has submitted the certification described in subparagraph (A) to the appropriate congressional committees and the agency’s authorizing committees. 
(3) C
ONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section 
shall be construed to alter the authority of the Secretary, the Director, or the Director of the National Institute of Standards and Technology in implementing subchapter II of chapter 35 of title 44, United States Code. Nothing in this section shall be construed to affect the National Institute of Standards and Technology standards process or the re-quirement under section 3553(a)(4) of such title or to discourage continued improve-ments and advancements in the technology, standards, policies, and guidelines used to promote Federal information security. 
(c) E
XCEPTION .—The requirements under 
this section shall not apply to the Depart-ment of Defense, a national security system, or an element of the intelligence commu-nity. 
SEC. 206. ASSESSMENT; REPORTS. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section— 
(1) the term ‘‘intrusion assessments’’ 
means actions taken under the intrusion as-sessment plan to identify and remove intrud-ers in agency information systems; 
(2) the term ‘‘intrusion assessment plan’’ 
means the plan required under section 228(b)(1) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002, as added by section 203(a) of this Act; and (3) the term ‘‘intrusion detection and pre-
vention capabilities’’ means the capabilities required under section 230(b) of the Home-land Security Act of 2002, as added by section 203(a) of this Act. 
(b) T
HIRD PARTY ASSESSMENT .—Not later 
than 3 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Government Accountability Of-fice shall conduct a study and publish a re-port on the effectiveness of the approach and strategy of the Federal Government to se-curing agency information systems, includ-ing the intrusion detection and prevention capabilities and the intrusion assessment plan. 
(c) R
EPORTS TO CONGRESS .— 
(1) I NTRUSION DETECTION AND PREVENTION  
CAPABILITIES .— 
(A) S ECRETARY OF HOMELAND SECURITY RE -
PORT .—Not later than 6 months after the 
date of enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter, the Secretary shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a re-port on the status of implementation of the intrusion detection and prevention capabili-ties, including— 
(i) a description of privacy controls; (ii) a description of the technologies and 
capabilities utilized to detect cybersecurity risks in network traffic, including the extent to which those technologies and capabilities include existing commercial and non-com-mercial technologies; 
(iii) a description of the technologies and 
capabilities utilized to prevent network traf-fic associated with cybersecurity risks from transiting or traveling to or from agency in-formation systems, including the extent to 
which those technologies and capabilities in-clude existing commercial and non-commer-cial technologies; 
(iv) a list of the types of indicators or 
other identifiers or techniques used to detect cybersecurity risks in network traffic transiting or traveling to or from agency in-formation systems on each iteration of the intrusion detection and prevention capabili-ties and the number of each such type of in-dicator, identifier, and technique; 
(v) the number of instances in which the 
intrusion detection and prevention capabili-ties detected a cybersecurity risk in network traffic transiting or traveling to or from agency information systems and the number of times the intrusion detection and preven-tion capabilities blocked network traffic as-sociated with cybersecurity risk; and 
(vi) a description of the pilot established 
under section 230(c)(5) of the Homeland Secu-rity Act of 2002, as added by section 203(a) of this Act, including the number of new tech-nologies tested and the number of partici-pating agencies. 
(B) OMB 
REPORT .—Not later than 18 
months after the date of enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter, the Director shall submit to Congress, as part of the re-port required under section 3553(c) of title 44, United States Code, an analysis of agency application of the intrusion detection and prevention capabilities, including— 
(i) a list of each agency and the degree to 
which each agency has applied the intrusion detection and prevention capabilities to an agency information system; and 
(ii) a list by agency of— (I) the number of instances in which the in-
trusion detection and prevention capabilities detected a cybersecurity risk in network traffic transiting or traveling to or from an agency information system and the types of indicators, identifiers, and techniques used to detect such cybersecurity risks; and 
(II) the number of instances in which the 
intrusion detection and prevention capabili-ties prevented network traffic associated with a cybersecurity risk from transiting or traveling to or from an agency information 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:46 Oct 21, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20OC6.017 S20OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7361 October 20, 2015 
system and the types of indicators, identi-
fiers, and techniques used to detect such agency information systems. 
(2) OMB 
REPORT ON DEVELOPMENT AND IM -
PLEMENTATION OF INTRUSION ASSESSMENT  
PLAN , ADVANCED INTERNAL DEFENSES , AND 
FEDERAL CYBERSECURITY BEST PRACTICES .— 
The Director shall— 
(A) not later than 6 months after the date 
of enactment of this Act, and 30 days after any update thereto, submit the intrusion as-sessment plan to the appropriate congres-sional committees; 
(B) not later than 1 year after the date of 
enactment of this Act, and annually there-after, submit to Congress, as part of the re-port required under section 3553(c) of title 44, United States Code— 
(i) a description of the implementation of 
the intrusion assessment plan; 
(ii) the findings of the intrusion assess-
ments conducted pursuant to the intrusion assessment plan; 
(iii) advanced network security tools in-
cluded in the Continuous Diagnostics and Mitigation Program pursuant to section 204(a)(1); 
(iv) the results of the assessment of the 
Secretary of best practices for Federal cy-bersecurity pursuant to section 205(a); and 
(v) a list by agency of compliance with the 
requirements of section 205(b); and 
(C) not later than 1 year after the date of 
enactment of this Act, submit to the appro-priate congressional committees— 
(i) a copy of the plan developed pursuant to 
section 204(a)(2); and 
(ii) the improved metrics developed pursu-
ant to section 204(b). 
SEC. 207. TERMINATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The authority provided 
under section 230 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002, as added by section 203(a) of this Act, and the reporting requirements under section 206(c) shall terminate on the date that is 7 years after the date of enactment of this Act. 
(b) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
subsection (a) shall be construed to affect the limitation of liability of a private entity for assistance provided to the Secretary under section 230(d)(2) of the Homeland Secu-rity Act of 2002, as added by section 203(a) of this Act, if such assistance was rendered be-fore the termination date under subsection (a) or otherwise during a period in which the assistance was authorized. 
SEC. 208. IDENTIFICATION OF INFORMATION SYS-
TEMS RELATING TO NATIONAL SE-CURITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Except as provided in 
subsection (c), not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act— 
(1) the Director of National Intelligence, in 
coordination with the heads of other agen-cies, shall— 
(A) identify all unclassified information 
systems that provide access to information that may provide an adversary with the abil-ity to derive information that would other-wise be considered classified; 
(B) assess the risks that would result from 
the breach of each unclassified information system identified in subparagraph (A); and 
(C) assess the cost and impact on the mis-
sion carried out by each agency that owns an unclassified information system identified in subparagraph (A) if the system were to be subsequently designated as a national secu-rity system, as defined in section 11103 of title 40, United States Code; and 
(2) the Director of National Intelligence 
shall submit to the appropriate congres-sional committees, the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate, and the Perma-nent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives a report that in-cludes the findings under paragraph (1). (b) F
ORM.—The report submitted under 
subsection (a)(2) shall be in unclassified form, and shall include a classified annex. 
(c) E
XCEPTION .—The requirements under 
subsection (a)(1) shall not apply to the De-partment of Defense, a national security sys-tem, or an element of the intelligence com-munity. 
SEC. 209. DIRECTION TO AGENCIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 3553 of title 44, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(h) D
IRECTION TO AGENCIES .— 
‘‘(1) A UTHORITY .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraph 
(B), in response to a known or reasonably suspected information security threat, vul-nerability, or incident that represents a sub-stantial threat to the information security of an agency, the Secretary may issue an emergency directive to the head of an agency to take any lawful action with respect to the operation of the information system, includ-ing such systems owned or operated by an-other entity on behalf of an agency, that col-lects, processes, stores, transmits, dissemi-nates, or otherwise maintains agency infor-mation, for the purpose of protecting the in-formation system from, or mitigating, an in-formation security threat. 
‘‘(B) E
XCEPTION .—The authorities of the 
Secretary under this subsection shall not apply to a system described subsection (d) or to a system described in paragraph (2) or (3) of subsection (e). 
‘‘(2) P
ROCEDURES FOR USE OF AUTHORITY .— 
The Secretary shall— 
‘‘(A) in coordination with the Director, es-
tablish procedures governing the cir-cumstances under which a directive may be issued under this subsection, which shall in-clude— 
‘‘(i) thresholds and other criteria; ‘‘(ii) privacy and civil liberties protections; 
and 
‘‘(iii) providing notice to potentially af-
fected third parties; 
‘‘(B) specify the reasons for the required 
action and the duration of the directive; 
‘‘(C) minimize the impact of a directive 
under this subsection by— 
‘‘(i) adopting the least intrusive means 
possible under the circumstances to secure the agency information systems; and 
‘‘(ii) limiting directives to the shortest pe-
riod practicable; 
‘‘(D) notify the Director and the head of 
any affected agency immediately upon the issuance of a directive under this subsection; 
‘‘(E) consult with the Director of the Na-
tional Institute of Standards and Technology regarding any directive under this sub-section that implements standards and guidelines developed by the National Insti-tute of Standards and Technology; 
‘‘(F) ensure that directives issued under 
this subsection do not conflict with the standards and guidelines issued under sec-tion 11331 of title 40; 
‘‘(G) consider any applicable standards or 
guidelines developed by the National Insti-tute of Standards and issued by the Sec-retary of Commerce under section 11331 of title 40; and 
‘‘(H) not later than February 1 of each 
year, submit to the appropriate congres-sional committees a report regarding the specific actions the Secretary has taken pur-suant to paragraph (1)(A). 
‘‘(3) I
MMINENT THREATS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding section 
3554, the Secretary may authorize the use of protective capabilities under the control of the Secretary for communications or other system traffic transiting to or from or stored on an agency information system for the purpose of ensuring the security of the infor-mation or information system or other agen-
cy information systems, if— 
‘‘(i) the Secretary determines there is an 
imminent threat to agency information sys-tems; 
‘‘(ii) the Secretary determines a directive 
under subsection (b)(2)(C) or paragraph (1)(A) is not reasonably likely to result in a timely response to the threat; 
‘‘(iii) the Secretary determines the risk 
posed by the imminent threat outweighs any adverse consequences reasonably expected to result from the use of protective capabilities 
under the control of the Secretary; 
‘‘(iv) the Secretary provides prior notice to 
the Director, and the head and chief informa-tion officer (or equivalent official) of each agency to which specific actions will be taken pursuant to subparagraph (A), and no-tifies the appropriate congressional commit-tees and authorizing committees of each such agencies within seven days of taking an action under this subsection of— 
‘‘(I) any action taken under this sub-
section; and 
‘‘(II) the reasons for and duration and na-
ture of the action; 
‘‘(v) the action of the Secretary is con-
sistent with applicable law; and 
‘‘(vi) the Secretary authorizes the use of 
protective capabilities in accordance with the advance procedures established under subparagraph (C). 
‘‘(B) L
IMITATION ON DELEGATION .—The au-
thority under this subsection may not be delegated by the Secretary. 
‘‘(C) A
DVANCE PROCEDURES .—The Secretary 
shall, in coordination with the Director, and in consultation with the heads of Federal agencies, establish procedures governing the circumstances under which the Secretary may authorize the use of protective capabili-ties subparagraph (A). The Secretary shall submit the procedures to Congress. 
‘‘(4) L
IMITATION .—The Secretary may di-
rect or authorize lawful action or protective capability under this subsection only to— 
‘‘(A) protect agency information from un-
authorized access, use, disclosure, disrup-tion, modification, or destruction; or 
‘‘(B) require the remediation of or protect 
against identified information security risks with respect to— 
‘‘(i) information collected or maintained 
by or on behalf of an agency; or 
‘‘(ii) that portion of an information system 
used or operated by an agency or by a con-tractor of an agency or other organization on behalf of an agency. 
‘‘(i) A
NNUAL REPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not 
later than February 1 of each year, the Di-rector shall submit to the appropriate con-gressional committees a report regarding the specific actions the Director has taken pur-suant to subsection (a)(5), including any ac-tions taken pursuant to section 11303(b)(5) of title 40. 
‘‘(j) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘ap-
propriate congressional committees’ means— 
‘‘(1) the Committee on Appropriations and 
the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate; and 
‘‘(2) the Committee on Appropriations, the 
Committee on Homeland Security, the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form, and the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representa-tives.’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 
3554(a)(1)(B) of title 44, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in clause (iii), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the 
end; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(v) emergency directives issued by the 
Secretary under section 3553(h); and’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:46 Oct 21, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20OC6.017 S20OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7362 October 20, 2015 
TITLE III—FEDERAL CYBERSECURITY 
WORKFORCE ASSESSMENT 
SEC. 301. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Federal Cy-
bersecurity Workforce Assessment Act’’. 
SEC. 302. DEFINITIONS. 
In this title: (1) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional 
committees’’ means— 
(A) the Committee on Armed Services of 
the Senate; 
(B) the Committee on Homeland Security 
and Governmental Affairs of the Senate; 
(C) the Select Committee on Intelligence 
of the Senate; 
(D) the Committee on Armed Services in 
the House of Representatives; 
(E) the Committee on Homeland Security 
of the House of Representatives; 
(F) the Committee on Oversight and Gov-
ernment Reform of the House of Representa-tives; and 
(G) the Permanent Select Committee on 
Intelligence of the House of Representatives. 
(2) D
IRECTOR .—The term ‘‘Director’’ means 
the Director of the Office of Personnel Man-agement. 
(3) R
OLES.—The term ‘‘roles’’ has the 
meaning given the term in the National Ini-tiative for Cybersecurity Education’s Cyber-security Workforce Framework. 
SEC. 303. NATIONAL CYBERSECURITY WORK-
FORCE MEASUREMENT INITIATIVE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The head of each Federal 
agency shall— 
(1) identify all positions within the agency 
that require the performance of cybersecu-rity or other cyber-related functions; and 
(2) assign the corresponding employment 
code, which shall be added to the National Initiative for Cybersecurity Education’s Na-tional Cybersecurity Workforce Framework, in accordance with subsection (b). 
(b) E
MPLOYMENT CODES .— 
(1) P ROCEDURES .— 
(A) C ODING STRUCTURE .—Not later than 180 
days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Commerce, acting through the National Institute of Standards and Technology, shall update the National Initiative for Cybersecurity Education’s Cy-bersecurity Workforce Framework to include a corresponding coding structure. 
(B) I
DENTIFICATION OF CIVILIAN CYBER PER -
SONNEL .—Not later than 9 months after the 
date of enactment of this Act, the Director, in coordination with the Director of Na-tional Intelligence, shall establish proce-dures to implement the National Initiative for Cybersecurity Education’s coding struc-ture to identify all Federal civilian positions that require the performance of information technology, cybersecurity, or other cyber-re-lated functions. 
(C) I
DENTIFICATION OF NONCIVILIAN CYBER  
PERSONNEL .—Not later than 18 months after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of Defense shall establish procedures to implement the National Initiative for Cy-bersecurity Education’s coding structure to identify all Federal noncivilian positions that require the performance of information technology, cybersecurity, or other cyber-re-lated functions. 
(D) B
ASELINE ASSESSMENT OF EXISTING CY -
BERSECURITY WORKFORCE .—Not later than 3 
months after the date on which the proce-dures are developed under subparagraphs (B) and (C), respectively, the head of each Fed-eral agency shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees of jurisdiction a report that identifies— 
(i) the percentage of personnel with infor-
mation technology, cybersecurity, or other cyber-related job functions who currently hold the appropriate industry-recognized certifications as identified in the National 
Initiative for Cybersecurity Education’s Cy-bersecurity Workforce Framework; 
(ii) the level of preparedness of other civil-
ian and non-civilian cyber personnel without existing credentials to take certification exams; and 
(iii) a strategy for mitigating any gaps 
identified in clause (i) or (ii) with the appro-priate training and certification for existing personnel. 
(E) P
ROCEDURES FOR ASSIGNING CODES .—Not 
later than 3 months after the date on which the procedures are developed under subpara-graphs (B) and (C), respectively, the head of each Federal agency shall establish proce-dures— 
(i) to identify all encumbered and vacant 
positions with information technology, cy-bersecurity, or other cyber-related functions (as defined in the National Initiative for Cy-bersecurity Education’s coding structure); and 
(ii) to assign the appropriate employment 
code to each such position, using agreed standards and definitions. 
(2) C
ODE ASSIGNMENTS .—Not later than 1 
year after the date after the procedures are established under paragraph (1)(E), the head of each Federal agency shall complete as-signment of the appropriate employment code to each position within the agency with information technology, cybersecurity, or other cyber-related functions. 
(c) P
ROGRESS REPORT .—Not later than 180 
days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Director shall submit a progress report on the implementation of this section to the appropriate congressional committees. 
SEC. 304. IDENTIFICATION OF CYBER-RELATED 
ROLES OF CRITICAL NEED. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Beginning not later than 
1 year after the date on which the employ-
ment codes are assigned to employees pursu-ant to section 203(b)(2), and annually through 2022, the head of each Federal agen-cy, in consultation with the Director and the Secretary of Homeland Security, shall— 
(1) identify information technology, cyber-
security, or other cyber-related roles of crit-ical need in the agency’s workforce; and 
(2) submit a report to the Director that— (A) describes the information technology, 
cybersecurity, or other cyber-related roles identified under paragraph (1); and 
(B) substantiates the critical need designa-
tions. 
(b) G
UIDANCE .—The Director shall provide 
Federal agencies with timely guidance for identifying information technology, cyberse-curity, or other cyber-related roles of crit-ical need, including— 
(1) current information technology, cyber-
security, and other cyber-related roles with acute skill shortages; and 
(2) information technology, cybersecurity, 
or other cyber-related roles with emerging skill shortages. 
(c) C
YBERSECURITY NEEDS REPORT .—Not 
later than 2 years after the date of the enact-ment of this Act, the Director, in consulta-tion with the Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity, shall— 
(1) identify critical needs for information 
technology, cybersecurity, or other cyber-re-lated workforce across all Federal agencies; and 
(2) submit a progress report on the imple-
mentation of this section to the appropriate congressional committees. 
SEC. 305. GOVERNMENT ACCOUNTABILITY OF-
FICE STATUS REPORTS. 
The Comptroller General of the United 
States shall— 
(1) analyze and monitor the implementa-
tion of sections 203 and 204; and 
(2) not later than 3 years after the date of 
the enactment of this Act, submit a report to the appropriate congressional committees 
that describes the status of such implemen-tation. 
TITLE IV—OTHER CYBER MATTERS 
SEC. 401. STUDY ON MOBILE DEVICE SECURITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall— 
(1) complete a study on threats relating to 
the security of the mobile devices of the Fed-eral Government; and 
(2) submit an unclassified report to Con-
gress, with a classified annex if necessary, that contains the findings of such study, the recommendations developed under paragraph (3) of subsection (b), the deficiencies, if any, identified under (4) of such subsection, and the plan developed under paragraph (5) of such subsection. 
(b) M
ATTERS STUDIED .—In carrying out the 
study under subsection (a)(1), the Secretary shall— 
(1) assess the evolution of mobile security 
techniques from a desktop-centric approach, and whether such techniques are adequate to meet current mobile security challenges; 
(2) assess the effect such threats may have 
on the cybersecurity of the information sys-tems and networks of the Federal Govern-ment (except for national security systems or the information systems and networks of the Department of Defense and the intel-ligence community); 
(3) develop recommendations for address-
ing such threats based on industry standards and best practices; 
(4) identify any deficiencies in the current 
authorities of the Secretary that may in-hibit the ability of the Secretary to address mobile device security throughout the Fed-eral Government (except for national secu-rity systems and the information systems and networks of the Department of Defense and intelligence community); and 
(5) develop a plan for accelerated adoption 
of secure mobile device technology by the Department of Homeland Security. 
(c) I
NTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY DEFINED .—In 
this section, the term ‘‘intelligence commu-nity’’ has the meaning given such term in section 3 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003). 
SEC. 402. DEPARTMENT OF STATE INTER-
NATIONAL CYBERSPACE POLICY STRATEGY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 90 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State shall produce a com-prehensive strategy relating to United States international policy with regard to cyberspace. 
(b) E
LEMENTS .—The strategy required by 
subsection (a) shall include the following: 
(1) A review of actions and activities un-
dertaken by the Secretary of State to date to support the goal of the President’s Inter-national Strategy for Cyberspace, released in May 2011, to ‘‘work internationally to pro-mote an open, interoperable, secure, and reli-able information and communications infra-structure that supports international trade and commerce, strengthens international se-curity, and fosters free expression and inno-vation.’’. 
(2) A plan of action to guide the diplomacy 
of the Secretary of State, with regard to for-eign countries, including conducting bilat-eral and multilateral activities to develop the norms of responsible international be-havior in cyberspace, and status review of existing discussions in multilateral fora to obtain agreements on international norms in cyberspace. 
(3) A review of the alternative concepts 
with regard to international norms in cyber-space offered by foreign countries that are prominent actors, including China, Russia, Brazil, and India. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:46 Oct 21, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20OC6.017 S20OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7363 October 20, 2015 
(4) A detailed description of threats to 
United States national security in cyber-space from foreign countries, state-spon-sored actors, and private actors to Federal and private sector infrastructure of the United States, intellectual property in the United States, and the privacy of citizens of the United States. 
(5) A review of policy tools available to the 
President to deter foreign countries, state- sponsored actors, and private actors, includ-ing those outlined in Executive Order 13694, released on April 1, 2015. 
(6) A review of resources required by the 
Secretary, including the Office of the Coordi-nator for Cyber Issues, to conduct activities to build responsible norms of international cyber behavior. 
(c) C
ONSULTATION .—In preparing the strat-
egy required by subsection (a), the Secretary of State shall consult, as appropriate, with other agencies and departments of the United States and the private sector and nongovernmental organizations in the United States with recognized credentials and expertise in foreign policy, national se-curity, and cybersecurity. 
(d) F
ORM OF STRATEGY .—The strategy re-
quired by subsection (a) shall be in unclassi-fied form, but may include a classified annex. 
(e) A
VAILABILITY OF INFORMATION .—The 
Secretary of State shall— 
(1) make the strategy required in sub-
section (a) available the public; and 
(2) brief the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions of the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representa-tives on the strategy, including any material contained in a classified annex. 
SEC. 403. APPREHENSION AND PROSECUTION OF 
INTERNATIONAL CYBER CRIMINALS. 
(a) I NTERNATIONAL CYBER CRIMINAL DE-
FINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘inter-
national cyber criminal’’ means an indi-vidual— 
(1) who is believed to have committed a 
cybercrime or intellectual property crime against the interests of the United States or the citizens of the United States; and 
(2) for whom— (A) an arrest warrant has been issued by a 
judge in the United States; or 
(B) an international wanted notice (com-
monly referred to as a ‘‘Red Notice’’) has been circulated by Interpol. 
(b) C
ONSULTATIONS FOR NONCOOPERATION .— 
The Secretary of State, or designee, shall consult with the appropriate government of-ficial of each country from which extradition is not likely, due to the lack of an extra-dition treaty with the United States or other reasons, in which one or more international cyber criminals are physically present to de-termine what actions the government of such country has taken— 
(1) to apprehend and prosecute such crimi-
nals; and 
(2) to prevent such criminals from carrying 
out cybercrimes or intellectual property crimes against the interests of the United States or its citizens. 
(c) A
NNUAL REPORT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of State 
shall submit to the appropriate congres-sional committees an annual report that in-cludes— 
(A) the number of international cyber 
criminals located in other countries, disaggregated by country, and indicating from which countries extradition is not like-ly due to the lack of an extradition treaty with the United States or other reasons; 
(B) the nature and number of significant 
discussions by an official of the Department of State on ways to thwart or prosecute international cyber criminals with an offi-cial of another country, including the name of each such country; and (C) for each international cyber criminal 
who was extradited to the United States dur-ing the most recently completed calendar year— 
(i) his or her name; (ii) the crimes for which he or she was 
charged; 
(iii) his or her previous country of resi-
dence; and 
(iv) the country from which he or she was 
extradited into the United States. 
(2) F
ORM.—The report required by this sub-
section shall be in unclassified form to the maximum extent possible, but may include a classified annex. 
(3) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—For purposes of this subsection, the 
term ‘‘appropriate congressional commit-tees’’ means— 
(A) the Committee on Foreign Relations, 
the Committee on Appropriations, the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs, the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs, the Select Com-mittee on Intelligence, and the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate; and 
(B) the Committee on Foreign Affairs, the 
Committee on Appropriations, the Com-mittee on Homeland Security, the Com-mittee on Financial Services, the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, and the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives. 
SEC. 404. ENHANCEMENT OF EMERGENCY SERV-
ICES. 
(a) C OLLECTION OF DATA.—Not later than 90 
days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security, acting through the National Cybersecurity and Communications Integration Center, in co-ordination with appropriate Federal entities and the Director for Emergency Communica-tions, shall establish a process by which a Statewide Interoperability Coordinator may report data on any cybersecurity risk or in-cident involving any information system or network used by emergency response pro-viders (as defined in section 2 of the Home-land Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 101)) with-in the State. 
(b) A
NALYSIS OF DATA.—Not later than 1 
year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security, acting through the Director of the National Cyber-security and Communications Integration Center, in coordination with appropriate en-tities and the Director for Emergency Com-munications, and in consultation with the Director of the National Institute of Stand-ards and Technology, shall conduct integra-tion and analysis of the data reported under subsection (a) to develop information and recommendations on security and resilience measures for any information system or net-work used by State emergency response pro-viders. 
(c) B
ESTPRACTICES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Using the results of the 
integration and analysis conducted under subsection (b), and any other relevant infor-mation, the Director of the National Insti-tute of Standards and Technology shall, on an ongoing basis, facilitate and support the development of methods for reducing cyber-security risks to emergency response pro-viders using the process described in section 2(e) of the National Institute of Standards and Technology Act (15 U.S.C. 272(e)). 
(2) R
EPORT .—The Director of the National 
Institute of Standards and Technology shall submit a report to Congress on the methods developed under paragraph (1) and shall make such report publically available on the website of the National Institute of Stand-
ards and Technology. 
(d) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
this section shall be construed to— 
(1) require a State to report data under 
subsection (a); or (2) require an entity to— 
(A) adopt a recommended measure devel-
oped under subsection (b); or 
(B) follow the best practices developed 
under subsection (c). 
SEC. 405. IMPROVING CYBERSECURITY IN THE 
HEALTH CARE INDUSTRY. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) B USINESS ASSOCIATE .—The term ‘‘busi-
ness associate’’ has the meaning given such term in section 160.103 of title 45, Code of Federal Regulations. 
(2) C
OVERED ENTITY .—The term ‘‘covered 
entity’’ has the meaning given such term in section 160.103 of title 45, Code of Federal Regulations. 
(3) H
EALTH CARE CLEARINGHOUSE ; HEALTH  
CARE PROVIDER ; HEALTH PLAN .—The terms 
‘‘health care clearinghouse’’, ‘‘health care provider’’, and ‘‘health plan’’ have the mean-ings given the terms in section 160.103 of title 45, Code of Federal Regulations. 
(4) H
EALTH CARE INDUSTRY STAKEHOLDER .— 
The term ‘‘health care industry stakeholder’’ means any— 
(A) health plan, health care clearinghouse, 
or health care provider; 
(B) patient advocate; (C) pharmacist; (D) developer of health information tech-
nology; 
(E) laboratory; (F) pharmaceutical or medical device man-
ufacturer; or 
(G) additional stakeholder the Secretary 
determines necessary for purposes of sub-section (d)(1), (d)(3), or (e). 
(5) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ 
means the Secretary of Health and Human Services. 
(b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall submit, to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate and the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representa-tives, a report on the preparedness of the health care industry in responding to cyber-security threats. 
(c) C
ONTENTS OF REPORT .—With respect to 
the internal response of the Department of Health and Human Services to emerging cy-bersecurity threats, the report shall in-clude— 
(1) a clear statement of the official within 
the Department of Health and Human Serv-ices to be responsible for leading and coordi-nating efforts of the Department regarding cybersecurity threats in the health care in-dustry; and 
(2) a plan from each relevant operating di-
vision and subdivision of the Department of Health and Human Services on how such di-vision or subdivision will address cybersecu-rity threats in the health care industry, in-cluding a clear delineation of how each such division or subdivision will divide responsi-bility among the personnel of such division or subdivision and communicate with other such divisions and subdivisions regarding ef-forts to address such threats. 
(d) H
EALTH CAREINDUSTRY CYBERSECURITY  
TASKFORCE .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 60 days 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary, in consultation with the Sec-retary of Homeland Security, shall convene health care industry stakeholders, cyberse-curity experts, and any Federal agencies or entities the Secretary determines appro-priate to establish a task force to— 
(A) analyze how industries, other than the 
health care industry, have implemented strategies and safeguards for addressing cy-bersecurity threats within their respective industries; 
(B) analyze challenges and barriers private 
entities (notwithstanding section 2(15)(B), 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:46 Oct 21, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20OC6.017 S20OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7364 October 20, 2015 
excluding any State, tribal, or local govern-
ment) in the health care industry face secur-ing themselves against cyber attacks; 
(C) review challenges that covered entities 
and business associates face in securing networked medical devices and other soft-ware or systems that connect to an elec-tronic health record; 
(D) provide the Secretary with information 
to disseminate to health care industry stake-holders for purposes of improving their pre-paredness for, and response to, cybersecurity threats affecting the health care industry; 
(E) establish a plan for creating a single 
system for the Federal Government to share information on actionable intelligence re-garding cybersecurity threats to the private sector in near real time, at no cost to the re-cipients of such information, including which Federal agency or other entity may be best suited to be the central conduit to fa-cilitate the sharing of such information; and 
(F) report to Congress on the findings and 
recommendations of the task force regarding carrying out subparagraphs (A) through (E). 
(2) T
ERMINATION .—The task force estab-
lished under this subsection shall terminate on the date that is 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act. 
(3) D
ISSEMINATION .—Not later than 60 days 
after the termination of the task force estab-lished under this subsection, the Secretary shall disseminate the information described in paragraph (1)(D) to health care industry stakeholders in accordance with such para-graph. 
(e) C
YBERSECURITY FRAMEWORK .—The Sec-
retary shall establish, through a collabo-rative process with the Secretary of Home-land Security, health care industry stake-holders, the National Institute of Standards and Technology, and any Federal agency or entity the Secretary determines appropriate, a single, voluntary, national health-specific cybersecurity framework that— 
(1) establishes a common set of security 
practices and standards that specifically per-tain to a range of health care organizations; 
(2) supports voluntary adoption and imple-
mentation efforts to improve safeguards to 
address cybersecurity threats; and 
(3) is consistently updated and applicable 
to the range of health care organizations de-scribed in paragraph (1). 
SEC. 406. FEDERAL COMPUTER SECURITY. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) C OVERED SYSTEM .—The term ‘‘covered 
system’’ shall mean a national security sys-tem as defined in section 11103 of title 40, United States Code, or a Federal computer system that provides access to personally identifiable information. 
(2) C
OVERED AGENCY .—The term ‘‘covered 
agency’’ means an agency that operates a covered system. 
(3) L
OGICAL ACCESS CONTROL .—The term 
‘‘logical access control’’ means a process of granting or denying specific requests to ob-tain and use information and related infor-mation processing services. 
(4) M
ULTI-FACTOR LOGICAL ACCESS CON -
TROLS .—The term ‘‘multi-factor logical ac-
cess controls’’ means a set of not less than 2 of the following logical access controls: 
(A) Information that is known to the user, 
such as a password or personal identification number. 
(B) An access device that is provided to the 
user, such as a cryptographic identification device or token. 
(C) A unique biometric characteristic of 
the user. 
(5) P
RIVILEGED USER .—The term ‘‘privi-
leged user’’ means a user who, by virtue of function or seniority, has been allocated powers within a covered system, which are significantly greater than those available to the majority of users. (b) I
NSPECTOR GENERAL REPORTS ON COV-
ERED SYSTEMS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 240 days 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Inspector General of each covered agency shall each submit to each Comptroller Gen-eral of the United States and the appropriate committees of jurisdiction in the Senate and the House of Representatives a report, which shall include information collected from the covered agency for the contents described in paragraph (2) regarding the Federal com-puter systems of the covered agency. 
(2) C
ONTENTS .—The report submitted by 
each Inspector General of a covered agency under paragraph (1) shall include, with re-spect to the covered agency, the following: 
(A) A description of the logical access 
standards used by the covered agency to ac-cess a covered system, including— 
(i) in aggregate, a list and description of 
logical access controls used to access such a covered system; and 
(ii) whether the covered agency is using 
multi-factor logical access controls to access such a covered system. 
(B) A description of the logical access con-
trols used by the covered agency to govern access to covered systems by privileged users. 
(C) If the covered agency does not use log-
ical access controls or multi-factor logical access controls to access a covered system, a description of the reasons for not using such logical access controls or multi-factor log-ical access controls. 
(D) A description of the following data se-
curity management practices used by the covered agency: 
(i) The policies and procedures followed to 
conduct inventories of the software present on the covered systems of the covered agen-cy and the licenses associated with such soft-ware. 
(ii) What capabilities the covered agency 
utilizes to monitor and detect exfiltration and other threats, including— 
(I) data loss prevention capabilities; or (II) digital rights management capabili-
ties. 
(iii) A description of how the covered agen-
cy is using the capabilities described in clause (ii). 
(iv) If the covered agency is not utilizing 
capabilities described in clause (ii), a de-scription of the reasons for not utilizing such capabilities. 
(E) A description of the policies and proce-
dures of the covered agency with respect to ensuring that entities, including contrac-tors, that provide services to the covered agency are implementing the data security management practices described in subpara-graph (D). 
(3) E
XISTING REVIEW .—The reports required 
under this subsection may be based in whole or in part on an audit, evaluation, or report relating to programs or practices of the cov-ered agency, and may be submitted as part of another report, including the report required under section 3555 of title 44, United States Code. 
(4) C
LASSIFIED INFORMATION .—Reports sub-
mitted under this subsection shall be in un-classified form, but may include a classified annex. 
(c) GAO E
CONOMIC ANALYSIS AND REPORT  
ONFEDERAL COMPUTER SYSTEMS .— 
(1) R EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Comp-troller General of the United States shall submit to Congress a report examining, in-cluding an economic analysis of, any impedi-ments to agency use of effective security software and security devices. 
(2) C
LASSIFIED INFORMATION .—A report sub-
mitted under this subsection shall be in un-classified form, but may include a classified 
annex. 
SEC. 407. STRATEGY TO PROTECT CRITICAL IN-
FRASTRUCTURE AT GREATEST RISK. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) A PPROPRIATE AGENCY .—The term ‘‘ap-
propriate agency’’ means, with respect to a covered entity— 
(A) except as provided in subparagraph (B), 
the applicable sector-specific agency; or 
(B) in the case of a covered entity that is 
regulated by a Federal entity, such Federal entity. 
(2) A
PPROPRIATE AGENCY HEAD .—The term 
‘‘appropriate agency head’’ means, with re-spect to a covered entity, the head of the ap-propriate agency. 
(3) C
OVERED ENTITY .—The term ‘‘covered 
entity’’ means an entity identified under subsection (b). 
(4) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional 
committees’’ means— 
(A) the Select Committee on Intelligence 
of the Senate; 
(B) the Permanent Select Committee on 
Intelligence of the House of Representatives; 
(C) the Committee on Homeland Security 
and Governmental Affairs of the Senate; 
(D) the Committee on Homeland Security 
of the House of Representatives; 
(E) the Committee on Energy and Natural 
Resources of the Senate; and 
(F) the Committee on Energy and Com-
merce of the House of Representatives; 
(5) S ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ 
means the Secretary of the Department of Homeland Security 
(b) I
DENTIFICATION OF CRITICAL INFRA -
STRUCTURE AT GREATEST RISKREQUIRED .—No 
later than 60 days after the date of the enact-ment of this Act, the Secretary shall iden-tify critical infrastructure entities where a cybersecurity incident could reasonably re-sult in catastrophic regional or national ef-fects on public health or safety, economic se-curity, or national security. 
(c) S
TATUS OF EXISTING CYBER INCIDENT RE-
PORTING .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—No later than 120 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary, in conjunction with the ap-propriate agency head (as the case may be), shall submit to the appropriate congres-sional committees describing the extent to which each covered entity reports significant intrusions of information systems essential to the operation of critical infrastructure to the Department of Homeland Security or the appropriate agency head in a timely manner. 
(2) F
ORM.—The report submitted under 
paragraph (1) may include a classified annex. 
(d) M ITIGATION STRATEGY REQUIRED FOR  
CRITICAL INFRASTRUCTURE AT GREATEST  
RISK.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—No later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary, in conjunction with the ap-propriate agency head (as the case may be), shall conduct an assessment and develop a strategy that addresses each of the covered entities, to ensure that, to the greatest ex-tent feasible, a cyber security incident af-fecting such entity would no longer reason-ably result in catastrophic regional or na-tional effects on public health or safety, eco-nomic security, or national security. 
(2) E
LEMENTS .—The strategy submitted by 
the Secretary with respect to a covered enti-ty intrusion shall include the following: 
(A) An assessment of whether each entity 
should be required to report cyber security incidents. 
(B) A description of any identified security 
gaps that must be addressed. 
(C) Additional statutory authority nec-
essary to reduce the likelihood that a cyber incident could cause catastrophic regional or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:46 Oct 21, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20OC6.017 S20OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7365 October 20, 2015 
national effects on public health or safety, 
economic security, or national security. 
(3) S UBMITTAL .—The Secretary shall sub-
mit to the appropriate congressional com-mittees the assessment and strategy re-quired by paragraph (1). 
(4) F
ORM.—The assessment and strategy 
submitted under paragraph (3) may each in-clude a classified annex. 
(e) S
ENATE OF CONGRESS .—To the extent 
that the Secretary proposes to require the reporting of significant cyber intrusions of any covered entity pursuant to a rec-ommendation identified in subsection (d) it is the Sense of Congress that— 
(1) the Secretary should ensure that the 
policies and procedures established for such reporting incorporate, to the greatest extent practicable, processes, roles, and responsibil-ities of appropriate agencies and entities, in-cluding sector specific information sharing and analysis centers, that were in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act; 
(2) no cause of action should lie or be main-
tained in any court against a covered entity, and such action should be promptly dis-missed for sharing information with the Sec-retary or the appropriate agency head for sharing such information; 
(3) the Secretary or appropriate agency 
head, as the case may be, should, under sec-tion 103 and to the greatest extent prac-ticable, make available to any covered enti-ty submitting a report such cyber threat in-dicators as the Secretary or appropriate agency head considers appropriate; and 
(4) the Secretary or the appropriate agency 
head (as the case may be) should take such actions as the Secretary or the appropriate agency head (as the case may be) considers appropriate to protect from disclosure the identity of the covered entity. 
SA 2717. Mr. UDALL (for himself, 
Mrs. S HAHEEN , Mr. T ESTER , and Mr. 
MERKLEY ) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 754, to improve cybersecurity in the United States through enhanced sharing of information about cyberse-curity threats, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end, add the following: 
SEC. 11. EXTENSION OF LAND AND WATER CON-
SERVATION FUND. 
Section 200302 of title 54, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (b), in the matter pre-
ceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘September 30, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘December 11, 2015’’; and 
(2) in subsection (c)(1), by striking ‘‘Sep-
tember 30, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘December 11, 2015’’. 
SA 2718. Mr. UDALL (for himself, 
Mrs. S HAHEEN , Mr. T ESTER , and Mr. 
MERKLEY ) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 754, to improve cybersecurity in the United States through enhanced sharing of information about cyberse-curity threats, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. ll. PERMANENT REAUTHORIZATION OF 
LAND AND WATER CONSERVATION FUND. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 200302 of title 54, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (b), in the matter pre-
ceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘During the period ending September 30, 2015, there’’ 
and inserting ‘‘There’’; and 
(2) in subsection (c)(1), by striking 
‘‘through September 30, 2015’’. 
(b) P UBLIC ACCESS .—Section 200306 of title 
54, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(c) P
UBLIC ACCESS .—Not less than 1.5 per-
cent of amounts made available for expendi-ture in any fiscal year under section 200303, or $10,000,000, whichever is greater, shall be used for projects that secure recreational public access to existing Federal public land for hunting, fishing, and other recreational purposes.’’. 
SA 2719. Mr. ALEXANDER submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 754, to improve cy-bersecurity in the United States through enhanced sharing of informa-tion about cybersecurity threats, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. ll. IMPROVING CYBERSECURITY IN THE 
HEALTH CARE INDUSTRY. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) B USINESS ASSOCIATE .—The term ‘‘busi-
ness associate’’ has the meaning given such term in section 160.103 of title 45, Code of Federal Regulations. 
(2) C
OVERED ENTITY .—The term ‘‘covered 
entity’’ has the meaning given such term in section 160.103 of title 45, Code of Federal Regulations. 
(3) H
EALTH CARE CLEARINGHOUSE ; HEALTH  
CARE PROVIDER ; HEALTH PLAN .—The terms 
‘‘health care clearinghouse’’, ‘‘health care provider’’, and ‘‘health plan’’ have the mean-ings given the terms in section 160.103 of title 45, Code of Federal Regulations. 
(4) H
EALTH CARE INDUSTRY STAKEHOLDER .— 
The term ‘‘health care industry stakeholder’’ means any— 
(A) health plan, health care clearinghouse, 
or health care provider; 
(B) patient advocate; (C) pharmacist; (D) developer of health information tech-
nology; 
(E) laboratory; (F) pharmaceutical or medical device man-
ufacturer; or 
(G) additional stakeholder the Secretary 
determines necessary for purposes of sub-section (d)(1), (d)(3), or (e). 
(5) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ 
means the Secretary of Health and Human Services. 
(b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall submit, to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate and the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representa-tives, a report on the preparedness of the health care industry in responding to cyber-security threats. 
(c) C
ONTENTS OF REPORT .—With respect to 
the internal response of the Department of Health and Human Services to emerging cy-bersecurity threats, the report shall in-clude— 
(1) a clear statement of the official within 
the Department of Health and Human Serv-ices to be responsible for leading and coordi-nating efforts of the Department regarding cybersecurity threats in the health care in-dustry; and 
(2) a plan from each relevant operating di-
vision and subdivision of the Department of Health and Human Services on how such di-vision or subdivision will address cybersecu-rity threats in the health care industry, in-cluding a clear delineation of how each such 
division or subdivision will divide responsi-bility among the personnel of such division or subdivision and communicate with other such divisions and subdivisions regarding ef-forts to address such threats. 
(d) H
EALTH CAREINDUSTRY CYBERSECURITY  
TASKFORCE .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 60 days 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary, in consultation with the Sec-retary of Homeland Security, shall convene health care industry stakeholders, cyberse-curity experts, and any Federal agencies or entities the Secretary determines appro-
priate to establish a task force to— 
(A) analyze how industries, other than the 
health care industry, have implemented strategies and safeguards for addressing cy-bersecurity threats within their respective industries; 
(B) analyze challenges and barriers private 
entities (notwithstanding section 2(15)(B), excluding any State, tribal, or local govern-ment) in the health care industry face secur-ing themselves against cyber attacks; 
(C) review challenges that covered entities 
and business associates face in securing networked medical devices and other soft-ware or systems that connect to an elec-tronic health record; 
(D) provide the Secretary with information 
to disseminate to health care industry stake-holders for purposes of improving their pre-paredness for, and response to, cybersecurity threats affecting the health care industry; 
(E) establish a plan for creating a single 
system for the Federal Government to share information on actionable intelligence re-garding cybersecurity threats to the private sector in near real time, at no cost to the re-cipients of such information, including which Federal agency or other entity may be best suited to be the central conduit to fa-cilitate the sharing of such information; and 
(F) report to Congress on the findings and 
recommendations of the task force regarding carrying out subparagraphs (A) through (E). 
(2) T
ERMINATION .—The task force estab-
lished under this subsection shall terminate on the date that is 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act. 
(3) D
ISSEMINATION .—Not later than 60 days 
after the termination of the task force estab-lished under this subsection, the Secretary shall disseminate the information described in paragraph (1)(D) to health care industry stakeholders in accordance with such para-graph. 
(e) C
YBERSECURITY FRAMEWORK .—The Sec-
retary shall establish, through a collabo-rative process with the Secretary of Home-land Security, health care industry stake-holders, the National Institute of Standards and Technology, and any Federal agency or entity the Secretary determines appropriate, a single, voluntary, national health-specific cybersecurity framework that— 
(1) establishes a common set of security 
practices and standards that specifically per-tain to a range of health care organizations; 
(2) supports voluntary adoption and imple-
mentation efforts to improve safeguards to address cybersecurity threats; and 
(3) is consistently updated and applicable 
to the range of health care organizations de-scribed in paragraph (1). 
f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO 
MEET 
COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND NATURAL  
RESOURCES  
Mr. TOOMEY. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Re-sources be authorized to meet during 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:46 Oct 21, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20OC6.017 S20OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7366 October 20, 2015 
the session of the Senate on October 20, 
2015, at 10 a.m., room SD–366 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS  
Mr. TOOMEY. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on October 20, 2015, at 10 a.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘The Persistent North Korea Denuclearization and Human Rights Challenge.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE  
Mr. TOOMEY. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Select Committee on Intelligence be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on October 20, 2015, at 2:30 p.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON MULTILATERAL INTER -
NATIONAL DEVELOPMENT , MULTILATERAL IN -
STITUTIONS , AND INTERNATIONAL ECONOMIC , 
ENERGY , AND ENVIRONMENTAL POLICY  
Mr. TOOMEY. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations Sub-committee on Multilateral Inter-national Development, Multilateral In-stitutions, and International Eco-nomic, Energy, and Environmental Policy be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on October 20, 2015, at 2:45 p.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘2015 Paris International Cli-mate Negotiations: Examining the Eco-nomic and Environmental Impacts.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
THE CALENDAR 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar Nos. 256, 257, 258, 259, 260, 261, and 262, en bloc. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the bills en bloc. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the bills be read a third time and passed, that the motions to reconsider be consid-ered made and laid upon the table, and that any statements related to the bills be printed in the R
ECORD , all en 
bloc. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
SGT. ZACHARY M. FISHER POST 
OFFICE 
The bill (H.R. 322) to designate the 
facility of the United States Postal Service located at 16105 Swingley Ridge Road in Chesterfield, Missouri, as the ‘‘Sgt. Zachary M. Fisher Post Office,’’ was ordered to a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. SGT. AMANDA N. PINSON POST 
OFFICE 
The bill (H.R. 323) to designate the 
facility of the United States Postal Service located at 55 Grasso Plaza in St. Louis, Missouri, as the ‘‘Sgt. Aman-da N. Pinson Post Office,’’ was ordered to a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
LT. DANIEL P. RIORDAN POST 
OFFICE 
The bill (H.R. 324) to designate the 
facility of the United States Postal Service located at 11662 Gravois Road in St. Louis, Missouri, as the ‘‘Lt. Dan-iel P. Riordan Post Office,’’ was or-dered to a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
RICHARD ‘‘DICK’’ CHENAULT POST 
OFFICE BUILDING 
The bill (H.R. 558) to designate the 
facility of the United States Postal Service located at 55 South Pioneer Boulevard in Springboro, Ohio, as the ‘‘Richard ’Dick’ Chenault Post Office Building,’’ was ordered to a third read-ing, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
STAFF SERGEANT ROBERT H. 
DIETZ POST OFFICE BUILDING 
The bill (H.R. 1442) to designate the 
facility of the United States Postal Service located at 90 Cornell Street in Kingston, New York, as the ‘‘Staff Ser-geant Robert H. Dietz Post Office Building,’’ was ordered to a third read-ing, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
OFFICER DARYL R. PIERSON ME-
MORIAL POST OFFICE BUILDING 
The bill (H.R. 1884) to designate the 
facility of the United States Postal Service located at 206 West Commer-cial Street in East Rochester, New York, as the ‘‘Officer Daryl R. Pierson Memorial Post Office Building,’’ was ordered to a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
JAMES ROBERT KALSU POST 
OFFICE BUILDING 
The bill (H.R. 3059) to designate the 
facility of the United States Postal Service located at 4500 SE 28th Street, Del City, Oklahoma, as the James Rob-ert Kalsu Post Office Building, was or-dered to a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
NATIONAL CASE MANAGEMENT 
WEEK 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Judi-ciary Committee be discharged from further consideration of and the Senate now proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 261. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The clerk will report the resolution 
by title. 
The bill clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 261) designating the 
week of October 11 through October 17, 2015, as ‘‘National Case Management Week’’ to recognize the role of case management in improving health care outcomes for patients. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the resolution. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask unanimous 
consent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be laid upon the table. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The resolution (S. Res. 261) was 
agreed to. 
The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is 
printed in the R
ECORD of September 22, 
2015, under ‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
ORDERS FOR WEDNESDAY, 
OCTOBER 21, 2015 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 9:30 a.m., Wednesday, Oc-tober 21; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day; that following leader remarks, the Senate be in a period of morning business for 1 hour, with Sen-ators permitted to speak therein; fur-ther, that the time during morning business be equally divided, with the majority controlling the first half and the Democrats controlling the final half; finally, that following morning business, the Senate then resume con-sideration of S. 754. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 9:30 A.M. 
TOMORROW 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, if 
there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. 
There being no objection, the Senate, 
at 6:19 p.m., adjourned until Wednes-day, October 21, 2015, at 9:30 a.m. 
f 
CONFIRMATION 
Executive nomination confirmed by 
the Senate October 20, 2015: 
THE JUDICIARY  
ANN DONNELLY, OF NEW YORK, TO BE UNITED STATES 
DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE EASTERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:46 Oct 21, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A20OC6.019 S20OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1481 October 20, 2015 
THE OCCASION OF PAUL D. TER-
RY’S RETIREMENT FROM GOV-ERNMENT SERVICE 
HON. HAROLD ROGERS 
OF KENTUCKY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, October 20, 2015 
Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise to recognize and honor a long-time and trusted member of the Appropriations Com-mittee staff, Paul D. Terry, who is retiring fol-lowing nearly fifty years of service to his Na-tion. If one were to describe Paul, he would begin by saying that his qualities exemplify those found in a true American patriot. He is always at work early, stays late, always on task, and never ever complains about the challenges that face him. One might find this hard to believe—and assume that these words are simply tributary rhetoric—but if you know Paul, you know every word is true. 
Paul comes from the heart of the plains— 
Norfolk, Nebraska, a farm boy attending a one room country school with one teacher, sixteen students in nine grades. He made good marks, and upon graduation from high school received an appointment to the U.S. Military Academy at West Point. The day after gradua-tion, he married the love of his life, Ann, and began to raise a family. 
Paul was an Armor officer trained at Fort 
Knox, Kentucky, and successfully completed all of the major military education courses, in-cluding parachute and Ranger school. His mili-tary career took him across the globe. He was first assigned in Germany, then attended heli-copter flight school, returned to assignments at Fort Knox and again to Germany. Paul commanded an Abrams tank battalion in Kan-sas and then served in a variety of important capacities at the Pentagon before his family moved to Korea for his final military tour. 
Including his Academy years, Paul’s retire-
ment comprises over 34 years of service to the U.S. Army, retiring as a full Colonel. He served the Ballistic Missile Defense Organiza-tion upon retirement, and, most recently, for the past 15 years, the Committee on Appro-priations has been fortunate to benefit from Paul’s years of military experience, his expert knowledge of protocols and procedures, and his dedication to our country. 
During his years in Congress, Paul has 
been a professional staff member for the De-fense Subcommittee. His various portfolios have included operations and maintenance ac-counts, Working Capitol funds, Department of Defense Inspector General accounts, Civil Air Patrol funding, Army-wide procurement and research and development accounts, and the Joint IED Defeat Organization. Through these portfolios, Paul has helped the Committee pro-vide thoughtful guidance to the Department, including its policies related to all Army ground and air combat resources. 
It will be difficult to fill Paul Terry’s shoes 
here in Congress. In fact, that task will be quite impossible. But Paul has served his na-tion well, and the achievement of his retire-
ment is fully deserved. 
God’s speed Paul. You will be missed by 
one and all here in the Nation’s Capital. 
f 
HONORING HANNAH FREEDOM 
SCHOOL 
HON. JARED HUFFMAN 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, October 20, 2015 
Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize the Hannah Freedom School’s Res-olution on Childhood Poverty, which seeks to end childhood poverty by 2030. Introduced by the Hannah Children’s Defense Fund’s Free-dom School’s 2015 Scholars—a group of 50 children ages 7–10 in Marin City, California— this resolution promotes equal access to op-portunities for all children. In recognition of the scholars’ commitment to combating poverty in our community and beyond, it is fitting that I submit the following resolution. 
HANNAH FREEDOM SCHOOL RESOLUTION ON  
CHILDHOOD POVERTY  
As part of the Children’s Defense Fund’s 
Freedom School Family, we are taught that we can make a difference in ourselves, our families, our communities, the nation and the world. In order to be all that we can be, we have learned that all children everywhere deserve a Healthy Start, a Head Start, a Fair Start, a Safe Start and a Moral Start and the support of caring families and communities. But we also have learned that not all kids get what they deserve. Global poverty denies children these important opportunities. In as much as: 
In America, 14.7 million children live in 
poverty. That means that about one out of every five kids is poor. If you are black or brown, the number is closer to one in three— even in families where parents are working. 
If you are poor as a child, you have a lesser 
chance of graduating from high school or going to college, but a greater chance of going to jail or being in a low paying job, which means you have a greater chance of becoming a poor adult, suffering from poor health, and becoming involved in the crimi-nal justice system. 
Poverty has no face. It can be anybody. It 
can be anywhere. Not just homeless people. Not just kids in hoodies. Not just in urban areas. It is even in Marin. There are 21,000 poor families in Marin who live on less than $24,000 a year, while most families in our county earn more than $80,000 per year. 
Children living in poverty, almost 2,000 in 
Marin, often struggle in school to keep up with their classmates in math, science and language arts. 
Poverty is not safe. It is not healthy. It is 
not fair. It is wrong. It must be ended. 
We, the students of Hannah Freedom 
School commit to work toward ending child-hood poverty in our lifetime, joining the global initiative to end poverty by 2030. Therefore, Be It Resolved that: 
Being poor is like being on punishment. It 
means that you have to go without. You have to go without good and nutritious food, decent housing, healthy neighborhoods, or 
schools that address your needs or celebrate your culture. It amounts to ‘cruel and un-usual’ punishment that must be abolished. 
Childhood poverty can be ended globally by 
2030. 
We as children are using our voices, now 
it’s time for the adults to use theirs. 
We call on our lawmakers to imagine end-
ing child poverty in our county, in our state, in our nation now. 
Ending child poverty means that we will be 
able to stop the cradle to prison pipeline, we will be better educated, and we will be better prepared for a peaceful world. 
As Bryan Stevenson, founder and Execu-
tive Director of the Equal Justice Initiative, stated: ‘‘The opposite of poverty is not wealth . . . the opposite of poverty is justice . . . and opportunity.’’ 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE CROATIAN 
SONS LODGE NUMBER 170 
HON. PETER J. VISCLOSKY 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, October 20, 2015 
Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Speaker, it is my dis-
tinct honor to congratulate the Croatian Sons Lodge Number 170, of the Croatian Fraternal Union, on the festive occasion of its Golden Member banquet, held on Sunday, October 18, 2015. 
The Croatian Fraternal Union celebrated 
their gala at the Croatian Center in Merrillville, Indiana. Traditionally, the celebration entails a formal recognition of the Union’s Golden Mem-bers, those who have reached fifty years of membership. This year’s honorees who have attained fifty years of membership include Carol Ann Ammon, Rosemarie Brackett, Janet Browning, Nicholas James Constantine, Mi-chael Dujmovic, Thomas Michael Gillam, Flor-ence A. Liss, Denise Ann Lukrafka, Patricia Anne Marince, Margaret J. Mrzljak, Ronald E. Ostrowski, Penelope A. Pappas, Marian Lu-cille Pozgay, Richard James Putz, Carolyn Rarey, Barbara Ann Rubesha, James Joseph Rubino, Richard Sturtridge, James William Svetich, and Mary Ann Tuskan. 
This memorable day began with a mass at 
Saint Joseph the Worker Croatian Catholic Church in Gary, Indiana, with the Reverend Father Stephen Loncar officiating. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask that you and my other 
distinguished colleagues join me in com-mending Lodge President John Miksich and all the members of the Croatian Fraternal Union Lodge Number 170 for their loyalty and radiant display of passion for their ethnicity. The Cro-atian community has played a key role in en-riching the quality of life and culture of North-west Indiana. It is my hope that this year will bring renewed prosperity for all members of the Croatian community and their families. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Oct 21, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20OC8.001 E20OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1482 October 20, 2015 
INDUSTRIAL CHEMICAL CORPORA-
TION, SIMPLY STORAGE, AND 5280 ARMORY 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, October 20, 2015 
Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to 
recognize Industrial Chemical Corporation, Simply Storage and 5280 Armory for receiving the Business Collaboration Award from the Ar-vada Economic Development Association. 
The Business Collaboration Award was cre-
ated to honor a one-of-a-kind partnership be-tween three private Arvada businesses who overcame the challenges of growing their companies. 
Industrial Chemical Corporation needed a 
small piece of land to be able to expand their rail capability. 5280 Armory needed to find larger space to expand their operation, and Simply Storage wanted to bring their storage facility to Arvada. The collaboration between these companies resulted in finding a suitable solution for each of these expanding compa-nies to stay and grow in Arvada—a big win for the community. 
I extend my deepest congratulations to In-
dustrial Chemical Corporation, Simply Storage and 5280 Armory for this well-deserved honor from the Arvada Economic Development As-sociation. I am proud of your collaboration and commitment to the community. 
f 
OCTOBER 20, 2015 EASTERN IOWA 
HONOR FLIGHT 
HON. DAVID LOEBSACK 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, October 20, 2015 
Mr. LOEBSACK. Mr. Speaker, today, over 
eighty Iowa veterans of World War II, the Ko-rean War, and the Vietnam War will travel to our nation’s capital. Together, they will visit the monuments that were built in their honor by a grateful nation. 
For many, today will be the first time they 
will see the National World War II Memorial, the Korean War Veterans Memorial, the Viet-nam War Memorial, and Arlington National Cemetery. I can think of no greater honor than to be able to thank Iowa’s and our nation’s he-roes for their service to our country. 
We owe these heroes a debt of gratitude, 
and the Honor Flight demonstrates that we as a state and as a country will never forget the debt we owe those who have worn our na-tion’s uniform. As a reminder of the service and sacrifice of the Greatest Generation, I am proud to have a piece of marble in my office from the quarry that was used to build the World War II Memorial. Our World War II, Ko-rean War, and Vietnam War veterans rose to defend not just our nation, but the freedoms, democracy, and values that make our country the greatest nation on earth. They did so as one people and one country. Their sacrifices and determination in the face of great threats to our way of life are both humbling and inspir-ing. 
I am tremendously proud to welcome the 
Eastern Iowa Honor Flight and Iowa’s vet-erans of World War II, the Korean War, and the Vietnam War to our nation’s capital today. 
On behalf of every Iowan I represent, I thank them for their service to our country. 
f 
RECOGNIZING NATIONAL DIS-
ABILITY EMPLOYMENT AWARE-NESS MONTH 
HON. BRIAN HIGGINS 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, October 20, 2015 
Mr. HIGGINS. Mr. Speaker, I stand before 
you today to celebrate the valiant contributions of individuals with disabilities in the workplace. Twenty-five years ago America took an enor-mous stride as a nation when enacting the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA). This legislation was monumental in promoting equal opportunity for those with a disability seeking employment, yet nearly a quarter cen-tury later discrimination still exists. 
Over forty-eight million Americans have a 
disability, but are unemployed at a rate that is twice that of people without disabilities. De-spite the courageous effort of those with dis-abilities to change beliefs of employers they still face grave challenges in the workplace. We must come together as a nation to support those here in the United States suffering from employment discrimination because of a dis-ability. America can become a stronger nation when we utilize the talents of and celebrate the gifts of all of our people. During National Disability Employment Awareness Month, we recognize Americans with disabilities that strengthen our workforce, communities, and country. 
Many great organizations such as People 
Inc. in Western New York strive to promote equality for those with disabilities. People Inc. was founded in 1986 with a goal to give indi-viduals with disabling conditions or other spe-cial needs support they need to participate and succeed in an accepting society. People Inc. is working toward a future where all per-sons whose needs limit their integration into the community can reach their highest level of human potential as responsible members of society. 
I will continue to fight for the equal employ-
ment opportunity for those with disabilities. It is time that we put people with disabilities on a level playing field with every other American. I have supported and cosponsored the Fair Wages for Workers with Disabilities Act, a bill that overturns 75-year-old provisions that allow individuals with disabilities to be employed at subminimum wage rates. 
Mr. Speaker, thank you for allowing me a 
few moments to recognize National Disability Employment Awareness Month. I ask that my colleagues join me in support for those with disabilities in the workplace and encourage them to spread awareness across the United States this October. RECOGNIZING THE NEWLY NATU-
RALIZED CITIZENS OF NORTH-WEST INDIANA 
HON. PETER J. VISCLOSKY 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, October 20, 2015 
Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Speaker, it is with 
great pleasure and sincerity that I take this time to congratulate thirty individuals who took their oath of citizenship on Friday, October 16, 2015. This memorable occasion, presided over by Judge Joseph S. Van Bokkelen, was held at the United States Courthouse and Federal Building in Hammond, Indiana. 
America is a country founded by immi-
grants. From its beginning, settlers have come from countries around the world to the United States in search of better lives for their fami-lies. Oath ceremonies are a shining example of what is so great about the United States of America—that people from all over the world can come together and unite as members of a free, democratic nation. These individuals realize that nowhere else in the world offers a better opportunity for success than here in 
America. 
On October 16, 2015, the following people, 
representing many nations throughout the world, took their oaths of citizenship in Ham-mond, Indiana: Mary Ann Quinesio Caduco, Ruel Tafalla Caduco, Vanessa Elizabeth Ochoa Gonzalez, Ana Martins Murta, Heloisa Bezerra Martins, Lewelyn Estrera Arevalo, Paulius Junokas, Roxana Mendoza Diaz, Osvaldo Fonseca Hernandez, Nelia Rieza Ar-agon, Edenia Floriselda Fley Centeno, Seungyup Sun, Thuy Thi Hong Le, Yamylene Anne Almanzor Hartsough, Mei Wang, Evely Leanos Mota, Henry Kavolu Ndisya, Yen Ngoc Nguyen, Veena Jhamandas Prithyani, Luz Cruz, Karina Gomez, Nestor Hodgson, Judith Adanely Hunt, Orawan Yooplao Krizman, Jeff Nguefack Mbeleke, Pedro Raygoza, Joanna Reyna, Maria del Rosario Serrano, Chantal Emefa Vigbedor, and Pinar Zorlutuna Vural. 
Although each individual has sought to be-
come a citizen of the United States for his or her own reasons, be it for education, occupa-tion, or to offer their loved ones better lives, each is inspired by the fact that the United States of America is, as Abraham Lincoln de-scribed it, a country ‘‘. . . of the people, by the people, and for the people.’’ They realize that the United States is truly a free nation. By seeking American citizenship, they have made the decision that they want to live in a place where, as guaranteed by the First Amendment of the Constitution, they can practice religion as they choose, speak their minds without fear of punishment, and assemble in peaceful pro-test should they choose to do so. 
Mr. Speaker, I respectfully ask you and my 
other distinguished colleagues to join me in congratulating these individuals who became citizens of the United States of America on October 16, 2015. They, too, are American citizens, and they, too, are guaranteed the in-alienable rights to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. We, as a free and democratic nation, congratulate them and welcome them. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Oct 21, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20OC8.005 E20OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1483 October 20, 2015 
COSTCO 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, October 20, 2015 
Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize Costco for receiving the Ar-vada Economic Development Association (AEDA) Outstanding Large Business Award. 
The Outstanding Large Business Award is 
given to a large business in the community for their commitment to the local economy and job creation, particularly through their invest-ment in the community and corporate culture. 
Costco is the second largest global retailer 
with more than 80 million members. They have won many awards including being named the ‘‘Most Admired Company’’ by For-tune Magazine two years in a row. More im-portantly, Costco maintains a code of ethics that speak to the culture of respect they have for their members, employees and suppliers. 
Costco opened their location in Arvada on 
September 19, 2001. Over the past 14 years they have grown to 250 employees, added several suppliers, and are a huge economic engine for the city of Arvada. 
I extend my deepest congratulations to 
Costco for this well-deserved honor from the Arvada Economic Development Association. I am proud of the service they provide our com-munity and am certain their products and serv-ices will continue to benefit the community for decades to come. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE WORK OF MR. 
DON WICK 
HON. SUZAN K. DelBENE 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, October 20, 2015 
Ms. D ELBENE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
celebrate the great work of a constituent of mine, Mr. Don Wick. Throughout his 28 years as Executive Director of the Economic Devel-opment Association of Skagit County, Don has been critical to supporting businesses through-out the county and region. 
From the many business workshops and 
seminars to the outreach and mentorship pro-grams, Don’s tenure at EDASC has expanded and diversified the access to opportunity in Skagit County. One such program, the Lead-ership Skagit program, was recognized by the 2004 Governor’s Leadership Award and strengthens the community by developing leaders who are informed, inclusive and con-nected through shared learning experiences. 
Don understands that the engine of our 
economy is driven by our people and commu-nities. His success at EDASC is due in part to his ability to engage with people and build re-lationships with them. 
His leadership and commitment to the 
Skagit County community has allowed EDASC to build successful partnerships with local businesses and foster job growth that will con-tinue to sustain the quality of life in our region for years to come. 
It has always been a pleasure working with 
Don who is always enthusiastic and upbeat. It’s contagious. Whether through radio broad-casting or economic development, he has left a lasting positive impact, and I wish him the 
very best in whatever his next venture may be. He has dedicated the past 28 years to helping Skagit County grow and prosper, en-suring it’s better off than when he started, and I have no doubt he’ll continue giving back to the community in his retirement. 
f 
HONORING PASO PACI ´FICO 
HON. JULIA BROWNLEY 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, October 20, 2015 
Ms. BROWNLEY of California. Mr. Speaker, 
today I rise to recognize Paso Pacı ´fico, an or-
ganization wholeheartedly dedicated to the restoration and conservation of the natural ecosystem of Central America’s Pacific Slope, on the occasion of its 10th anniversary. Headquartered in Ventura County, California, Paso Pacı ´fico transcends distance by commit-
ting itself to an ecological mission and vision that is shared by the Nicaraguan communities that it serves. 
Beginning as a collaborative dream of Sarah 
Otterstrom and Liza Gonzalez, Paso Pacı ´fico 
has grown into an exceptional organization that strives to rescue, save, and rehabilitate the natural wonders and resources of Central America, and specifically Nicaragua. Paso Pacı´fico has worked diligently to collaborate 
with private landowners, local businesses, government agencies, local and international non-governmental organizations, school-children, and conservation scientists to protect Nicaragua’s fragile ecosystem. 
For the past decade, Paso Pacı ´fico has em-
powered local communities and economies by creating and managing community programs throughout the region. These programs have ranged from mitigating climate change to re-building forests in order to positively affect the future of the global ecology. Paso Pacı ´fico has 
developed conservation programs to address the issues that impact the local coastal and marine ecosystems. The organization’s efforts include beach cleanup projects that have been comprised of over 6,000 people spanning across 80 beaches in Nicaragua, removing over 330,000 pounds of trash. Since 2005, Paso Pacı ´fico has had a profound impact and 
has saved the habitats of the local endan-gered wildlife, including four species of sea turtles, the black-handed spider monkey, and the yellow-naped Amazon parrot. 
Due to an outstanding and remarkable team 
including a dedicated staff, active Board of Di-rectors, and numerous scientists, profes-sionals, and volunteers, Paso Pacı ´fico has 
achieved notable success through its unique programs and initiatives. Paso Pacı ´fico has re-
ceived the Emil M. Mrak International Award from the University of California, Davis, as well as the Gold Level Validation by the Climate, Community & Biodiversity Alliance. Paso Pacı´fico has also been honored and recog-
nized by National Geographic, the United States Forest Service, and the Disney Con-servation Fund. 
For their significant and critical efforts to 
protect the environment along the Pacific Coast of Central America, I am honored to recognize Paso Pacı ´fico for 10 years of serv-
ice. It is with sincere gratitude that I congratu-late Paso Pacı ´fico on reaching this momen-tous milestone and I wish them continued suc-
cess in their future endeavors. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF DR. 
WAYNE DYER 
HON. TIM RYAN 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, October 20, 2015 
Mr. RYAN of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to honor the life of Dr. Wayne Dyer. Dr. Dyer was an internationally renowned author and speaker in the field of self-development and spiritual growth. Over the span of his four-dec-ade career, he wrote 42 books, 21 of which became New York Times bestsellers, and this wide readership earned him the affectionate nickname of ‘‘the father of motivation’’ among his fans. 
Born and raised in Detroit, Michigan, Dr. 
Dyer earned his doctorate in educational counseling from Wayne State University be-fore serving as a professor at St. John’s Uni-versity in New York. Through his early work as a college educator, and as a clinical psycholo-gist, he discovered the need to make the prin-ciples of self-discovery and personal growth available to the general public. 
After publishing a string of best-selling 
books on the practical psychology of self-im-provement, Dr. Dyer felt a shift in his thinking that led him to explore the spiritual aspects of human experience. ‘‘My purpose is to help people look at themselves and begin to shift their concepts,’’ Dr. Dyer said at the time. ‘‘Remember, we are not our country, our race, or religion. We are eternal spirits. Seeing our-selves as spiritual beings without label is a way to transform the world and reach a sacred place for all of humanity.’’ 
Dr. Dyer created several audio programs 
and videos, and appeared on thousands of tel-evision and radio shows over the course of his career. Many of his books have been featured as PBS specials, raising over $200 million for public television stations nationwide and mak-ing Dr. Dyer one of PBS’s most successful fund-raisers. This philanthropic spirit was in-trinsic to Dr. Dyer, as illustrated by his chari-table contributions to his alma mater, Wayne State University, which totaled more than $1 million. 
Dr. Dyer’s first feature film, The Shift, was 
released in 2009, followed in 2012 by the autobiographical film, My Greatest Teacher. 
The second film dramatized a defining mo-ment in Dyer’s life, when he had visited the grave of his father, who had abandoned him as a young boy. While the intention that day had been to exact some form of vengeance on the man Dyer felt had sent him down a dark path of rage and alcoholism, at the gravesite Dr. Dyer was overcome by inex-plicable feelings of love and forgiveness. He credited this experience with changing the tra-jectory of his life. The date of this experience was August 30, 1974. On the exact same day, 41 years later, Dr. Dyer passed on. 
Beyond this formative experience with his 
father, Dr. Dyer counted among his teachers St. Francis of Assisi, Lao Tzu, Rumi, Carl Jung, and Abraham Maslow. 
Despite a childhood spent in orphanages 
and foster homes, Dr. Dyer made his dreams come true. He lived to teach others to over-come their perceived limits and engage in their ‘‘Highest Self.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Oct 21, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K20OC8.006 E20OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1484 October 20, 2015 
Just before his passing, Dr. Dyer had re-
turned from Australia and New Zealand, where he lectured in front of thousands of people. As a father to eight children and nine grand-children, he was back home in Maui looking forward to spending time with his family, while gearing up for the launch of his upcoming book. 
While he had struggled with leukemia, Dr. 
Dyer was the healthiest he had been in years, keeping a very active schedule. His death has officially been attributed to heart failure. 
Dr. Dyer was a man dedicated to the better-
ment of others. His work touched countless lives, and his influence will certainly be missed. 
f 
DENNIS MEYER 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, October 20, 2015 
Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to 
recognize Dennis Meyer of Das Meyer Fine Pastry Chalet for receiving the Lloyd J. King Entrepreneurial Spirit Award from the Arvada Economic Development Association. 
This prestigious business award, named 
after the founder of King Soopers in Olde Town Arvada, is presented to an individual with characteristics of an exemplary entre-preneur. Dennis Meyer has been baking since 1965 and is renowned as a Certified Executive Pastry Chef, Master Baker. A member of the American Academy of Chefs, Dennis was named ‘‘Chef of the Year’’ in 1987 and has won numerous gold medals in culinary com-petitions, including ‘‘People’s Choice’’ and ‘‘Best of Show.’’ He started his family owned business in 1985 in Arvada, Colorado. In 2006, he was inducted into the Colorado Chefs Hall of Fame. 
The spirit behind Das Meyer Fine Pastry 
Chalet is led by the vision, creativity, kind-heartedness and generosity of the founder Dennis Meyer. His commitment to making his clients’ special occasions memorable is re-markable and a tribute to his success. 
I congratulate Dennis Meyer and all of the 
employees of Das Meyer Fine Pastry Chalet for this well-deserved honor from the Arvada Economic Development Association. I thank him for his commitment to excellence and his continued service to the community. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE DEDICATED 
SERVICE OF NORTHWEST FLOR-IDA’S MAXINE IVEY 
HON. JEFF MILLER 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, October 20, 2015 
Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
to recognize Ms. Maxine Ivey on the occasion of her retirement as Executive Director of Northwest Florida Rural Health Network. For twenty years, Ms. Ivey has dedicated her life to serving the Gulf Coast community, and I am pleased to honor her outstanding achieve-ments. 
Northwest Florida Rural Health Network, 
which serves Escambia, Santa Rosa, Okaloosa and Walton Counties, is one of nine 
health networks in the State of Florida created to improve health care services and access in rural communities. Ms. Ivey has worked tire-lessly with the Network since it was first estab-lished in 1995 and has held various leadership roles. While as Director of Purchasing and Volunteers for Jay Hospital prior to her hus-band’s passing, Ms. Ivey, along with her hus-band, Don, who was the Jay Hospital Adminis-trator at the time, worked together as a team to help keep the hospital open and to ensure that their community’s health care needs were properly met. As a result of her leadership and continued dedication to service before self, Ms. Ivey eventually became Executive Director of the Northwest Florida Rural Health Network. 
Ms. Ivey’s service to Northwest Florida, 
however, is not limited to her work with the Network. She sits on the Jay Town Council and is the President of the Northwest Florida Area Agency on Aging. In this capacity Maxine works closely with the Florida Department of Elder Affairs and other local, state and na-tional agencies to facilitate the needs of the el-derly so they can age safely and with dignity in their own homes. Ms. Ivey is also an active member of Jay First Baptist Church and is a loving mother of three. 
Mr. Speaker, on behalf the Gulf Coast com-
munity, I am pleased to congratulate Ms. Max-ine Ivey on her well-earned retirement after 20 years of dedicated service to Northwest Flor-ida. My wife Vicki and I wish her and her three sons all the best for continued success. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. RUBE´N HINOJOSA 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, October 20, 2015 
Mr. HINOJOSA. Mr. Speaker, unfortunately, 
I was unable to be present in the House chamber for certain roll call votes. Had I been present on October 7th and 8th, I would have voted ‘nay’ on roll calls 536, 537, 538, and 544. I would have voted ‘yea’ on roll calls 539, 540, and 543. 
f 
HONORING VIETNAM WAR MOVING 
WALL MEMORIAL 
HON. THEODORE E. DEUTCH 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, October 20, 2015 
Mr. DEUTCH. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
commemorate the Vietnam Memorial Wall opening ceremony in the City of Coral Springs, Florida. The servicemembers whose names are written on the Wall fought valiantly to protect our Nation, and they rightfully de-serve our recognition and admiration. 
The Moving Wall is a half-size replica of the 
Vietnam Veterans Memorial in Washington DC, which stands as a testament to the loss endured in the Vietnam War. This display is coming to my district thanks to the dedication of Commissioner Lou Cimaglia, who served in the Army Reserve for eight years and made it his goal to bring the Wall to Coral Springs. 
The Moving Wall will be on display in Coral 
Springs, Florida from October 22 to 26, 2015. This event allows area residents to experience 
the Vietnam War Memorial and to reflect on the sacrifice of the men and women who fought in this conflict. Participants will also have the opportunity to leave mementos at the Wall, which will later be included at The Mov-ing Wall Museum in Washington, DC. 
I thank the Veterans Coalition for their help 
bringing the Wall to Coral Springs and John Devitt, Norris Shears, Gerry Haver for building the Wall. I also thank Commissioner Cimaglia, and all Vietnam veteran volunteers who worked tirelessly to make this event possible. I am proud to honor them and this event, and express deep appreciation for all Vietnam War veterans’ service to our Nation. 
f 
RED ROCKS COMMUNITY COLLEGE 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, October 20, 2015 
Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize Red Rocks Community College’s (RRCC) Health Sciences Campus for receiving the Arvada Economic Develop-ment Association (AEDA) Community Partner-ship Award. 
The Community Partnership Award recog-
nizes organizations and businesses that rep-resent new investment and economic opportu-nities in Arvada. The award is being given to Red Rocks Community College for their cap-ital investment in the new Health Sciences Campus in Arvada. 
The Arvada campus is already home to 
RRCC’s health programs as well as associate degree and general education courses that transfer to four-year institutions. The campus is currently undergoing a large expansion to help meet the needs of the growing health care needs of the community. Expected to be completed by fall of 2016, the new building will provide state-of-the-art instructional space for health sciences, enhanced curriculum for healthcare programs, accommodate additional students, and help develop new programs in line with industry demands. 
I extend my deepest congratulations to Red 
Rocks Community College’s (RRCC) Health Sciences Campus for being honored by the Arvada Economic Development Association. I am proud of their contribution to our commu-nity and look forward to their new completed campus and future expansion. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE AND DEDI-
CATED SERVICE OF MILLARD FILLMORE ADAMS, JR. 
HON. JEFF MILLER 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, October 20, 2015 
Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, it is 
with both profound sadness and deep grati-tude that I rise to honor Millard Fillmore Adams, Jr., of Santa Rosa County, who died suddenly on October 7, 2015. 
Born and raised in Northwest Florida and a 
native of Santa Rosa County, Mr. Adams graduated from Milton High School in 1963. He earned his undergraduate degree from 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Oct 21, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K20OC8.014 E20OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1485 October 20, 2015 
Bob Jones University in Greenville, South 
Carolina, and it was during his time in Green-ville where he met his bride of 47 years, Ms. Donna Spurr of Nova Scotia, Canada. 
Mr. Adams answered the call to serve his 
country by joining the U.S. Army during the Vietnam War. Upon his return to Northwest Florida, he became owner and operator of WCKC AM radio, a local sports station that, among other things, broadcasted football games from his alma mater, Milton High School. 
However, Mr. Adams’s service and dedica-
tion to his community extended far beyond that of local radio. He served as a member on the Milton City Council and as Mayor of Milton from 1979 to 1980. In 1980, he joined the Santa Rosa County Board of County Commis-sioners, where he served as a commissioner until 1984 and then again from 1988 to 1992. Mr. Adams also served as Director of the Santa Rosa County Chapter of the American Red Cross and was an active member of Campus Church at Pensacola Christian Col-lege. His countless contributions to Florida’s First Congressional District in his various ca-pacities are innumerable, and his death is a great loss to our community. 
While many will remember Mr. Adams as a 
patriot who served our Nation honorably or as local official who left a lasting impact on North-west Florida, his family and friends will re-member him as a loving husband, father, grandfather, and brother. 
Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the House of 
Representatives, I am proud to honor the life and dedicated service of Millard Adams, Jr. My wife Vicki and I extend our deepest condo-lences and prayers to his wife, Donna; son, John and daughter-in-law Jennifer; daughter- in-law, Melissa; his grandchildren, Kailyn, Jaxon, Caroline, and Ryan; his sisters, Cyn-thia and Francis; and the entire Adams’ family. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO THE HONOR FLIGHT 
OF OREGON 
HON. GREG WALDEN 
OF OREGON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, October 20, 2015 
Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recog-
nize the 27 veterans from Oregon who will be visiting their memorial this Saturday in Wash-ington, D.C. through Honor Flight of Oregon. Ten of these veterans served over 70 years ago in World War II, and 17 served in the Ko-rean War. Veterans of both wars will see the memorials dedicated to their service here in Washington. On behalf of a grateful state and country, we welcome these heroes to our na-tion’s capital. 
The World War II veterans on this flight from 
Oregon are as follows: Henry Turner, Army; Marvin Worden, Army; William Carhart Jr, Army Air Force; Edward Nicolaides, Marines; William Ackermann Jr, Navy; Clement K. Hyer, Navy; John T. Hyer, Navy; Stuart Richardson, Navy; Floyd Schrock, Navy; Vincent Stone, Navy. 
The Korean War veterans on this flight from 
Oregon are as follows: James Bartlett, Air Force; Robert Burton, Air Force; Patricia Moyer, Air Force; Joseph Violette, Air Force; Raymond Coburn, Army; Henry Faria, Army; Clifford Friesen, Army; Wilferd Krein, Army; William Gemmet, Marines, James Aday, Navy; 
John Ames, Navy; Darrell Davis, Navy; Charles Johnson, Navy; James McDonald, Navy; Allen Nash, Navy; Paul Standring, Navy; Raold Stroup, Navy. 
These 27 heroes join the estimated 20,000– 
25,000 veterans who will travel to Washington D.C. from their home states in 2015, adding to the 138,800 veterans who have been honored through the Honor Flight Network of volun-teers nationwide since 2005. 
Mr. Speaker, each of us is humbled by the 
courage of these brave Americans who put themselves in harm’s way for our country and way of life. As a nation, we can never fully repay the debt of gratitude owed to them for their honor, commitment, and sacrifice in de-fense of the freedoms we have today. 
My colleagues, please join me in thanking 
these veterans and the volunteers of Honor Flight of Oregon for their exemplary dedication and service to this great country. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO PAULINE MOBERG 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, October 20, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate Pauline Moberg on the celebration of her 100th birth-day. Pauline celebrated this special day on October 4, 2015 in Creston, Iowa. 
Our world has changed a great deal during 
the course of Pauline’s life. Since her birth, we have revolutionized air travel and walked on the moon. We have invented the television, cellular phones, and the internet. We have fought in wars overseas, seen the rise and fall of Soviet communism, and witnessed the birth of new democracies. Pauline has lived through 17 United States Presidents and 24 Governors of Iowa. In her lifetime, the population of the United States has more than tripled. 
Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to represent 
Pauline in the United States Congress and it is my pleasure to wish her a very happy 100th birthday. I invite my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives to join me in congratulating Pauline on reaching this incred-ible milestone, and wishing her even more health and happiness in the years to come. 
f 
BELOVED TEACHER, NOW 
PUBLISHED AUTHOR 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, October 20, 2015 
Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize Cheryl Richardson, a talented and creative teacher from Richmond, Texas who has added author to her list of accomplish-ments. 
As a fourth grade teacher at Manford Wil-
liams Elementary in Richmond, Ms. Richard-son recently published her first children’s book. You might recognize her under her pen name, Giddy Gragert. Fufu’s Bistro is about a young boy who plays with his food when one day his food starts playing back. His imagina-tion takes him on a journey around the world. By combining her love of travel and her 
daughter’s love for playing with food, Cheryl wrote a book that inspires creativity and curi-osity in young children. Cheryl selflessly dedi-cates her time to helping children succeed. This new book is just another way Cheryl will be able to inspire kids to dream big. We are all proud of Ms. Richardson’s hard work. 
On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-
sional District of Texas, congratulations to Cheryl, or Giddy, on her first book. 
f 
S&H PRODUCTS, INC. 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, October 20, 2015 
Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize S&H Products, Inc. for re-ceiving the Arvada Economic Development Association (AEDA) Outstanding Small Busi-ness Award. 
The Outstanding Small Business Award is 
given to a small business for their commitment to capital improvements and employment growth particularly through their investment in the community and corporate culture. 
Since 1988, S&H Products has been de-
signing and manufacturing premium-grade fire-fighting equipment, including fire hose nozzles, wye valves, shut-off valves, wildland hose clamps, and other related products for both commercial and government applications. Their products are used in 90 percent of wildland firefighting suppression efforts across the country, including in Colorado, a state that is greatly impacted by wildfires every year. 
S&H Products is a great example of a suc-
cessful local company with a ‘Make It In Amer-ica’ philosophy and a commitment to high- quality products. Today, they are a family owned and operated business that oversees all its own product development from concept and design to manufacturing and testing from its facility in Arvada. Currently S&H employs about 33 people, up almost 50 percent from three years ago. 
I extend my deepest congratulations to S&H 
Products, Inc. and all of their employees for being honored by the Arvada Economic Devel-opment Association. I am proud of the service they provide our community and am certain their products and service will continue to ben-efit the wildland firefighting and our commu-nities for decades to come. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO FRED LEONHARDT 
HON. JOHN L. MICA 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, October 20, 2015 
Mr. MICA. Mr. Speaker, it is my honor to 
pay tribute to Frederick Wayne Leonhardt of Orlando, Florida, who passed away October 10, 2015. During my years of service, I have recognized a number of friends, public serv-ants and individuals in the Journal of the U.S. House of Representatives. However, with Fred Leonhardt’s sudden passing, I have lost a close friend and Delta Chi Fraternity Brother whom I have known for nearly half a century. In Central Florida, we have lost one of our 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Oct 21, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K20OC8.016 E20OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1486 October 20, 2015 
most active and successful community lead-
ers. His family has lost a loved one whose smile, caring and beaming optimism are now fond memories. Fred touched thousands of lives with his untiring efforts on behalf of indi-viduals and civic organizations and through his work with local, state and national leaders. Few individuals in Florida have achieved the level and record of success in volunteer lead-ership positions as this gentleman. 
Fred was born October 26, 1949 in Daytona 
Beach to Frederick Walter Leonhardt and Gaetane Wirtanen Leonhardt. Raised in Volusia County, Florida, he attended Seabreeze High School and went on to the University of Florida. That was when I first met Fred, during rush in his first few days on cam-pus. During his college days, Fred was active in student affairs and he became Florida Delta Chi Fraternity President. He was honored with membership in Florida Blue Key and served in many student leadership positions. After grad-uating with a Bachelors and then a Law De-gree, Fred served our nation as a JAG officer in the United States Army. 
After marrying Vicki Cook, daughter of Tom 
and Gloria, and beginning his practice in Day-tona Beach; the Leonhardts settled in Orlando in 1988 with their two children, Whitaker and Ashley. He joined GrayRobinson law firm in 1992. Fred not only chaired the Daytona Beach Area Chamber of Commerce, but also the Greater Orlando Chamber of Commerce and State of Florida Chamber of Commerce. 
His list of civic, bar and community activities 
is almost unmatched by any citizen. Fred was an active member of the Central Florida Part-nership, Floridians for Better Transportation, University of Central Florida Foundation, Tiger Bay Club of Central Florida, Leadership Flor-ida, Volusia County United Way, the National Council of the Boy Scouts of America, Cele-bration Health Foundation and served as a Trustee Emeritus for the University of Florida Law School. 
He is survived by Vicki Cook Leonhardt of 
Ponce Inlet; their children, Ashley Leonhardt Lee and her husband Kevin of Ormond Beach and Frederick Whitaker Leonhardt and his wife Amanda of Orlando; granddaughter Madison Grace Lee; and sister Germaine Leonhardt Moffett of Daytona Beach. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask you and my colleagues 
to join me in recognizing the life, public serv-ice and legacy of my friend and a great Amer-ican, Fredrick Wayne Leonhardt. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO CAROL SPARR 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, October 20, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate Carol Sparr of Red Oak, Iowa, for being inducted into the Iowa 4–H Hall of Fame during a cere-mony at the Iowa State Fair. Inductees to the Hall of Fame must demonstrate dedication, encouragement, commitment and guidance to Iowa’s 4–H students throughout the years. 
Carol grew up in Rulo, Nebraska where she 
attended Peru State College. She and her husband, Ted, now reside in Red Oak, Iowa. Carol became involved in 4–H when her daughter Trasy joined the organization. For 35 years Carol has served as the Food and Nutri-
tion Superintendent for the county fair and has helped oversee the annual bake sale. She now spends most of her free time volunteering in the community at Meals on Wheels, the Montgomery County Board of Health, and the First United Methodist Church of Red Oak. 
Mr. Speaker, I applaud and congratulate 
Carol for earning this award. It is truly an honor to represent her, and Iowans like her, in the United States Congress. I urge my col-leagues in the United States House of Rep-resentatives to join me in congratulating Carol for her numerous accomplishments in the 4– H community. I wish her nothing but continued success moving forward. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE ARIZONA 
BRANCH OF THE INTER-NATIONAL DYSLEXIA ASSOCIA-TION 
HON. KYRSTEN SINEMA 
OF ARIZONA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, October 20, 2015 
Ms. SINEMA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize the Arizona Branch of the Inter-national Dyslexia Association and the thou-sands of Arizonans impacted by dyslexia. 
October is Dyslexia Awareness Month, a 
time to spread awareness and commit to en-suring that Americans with dyslexia have the resources they need to succeed in the class-room and in the workplace. 
According to the International Dyslexia As-
sociation, up to 20 percent of Americans expe-rience symptoms of dyslexia. That’s one in five Americans—making dyslexia the most common learning disability in the United States. 
Dyslexia is a language-based learning dis-
ability, the symptoms of which can have a pro-found effect on a person’s ability to read, write, and perform other language-related tasks. While dyslexia is a life-long condition, we know that—with the proper resources— people with dyslexia can manage their symp-toms and succeed in school and in life. 
For over three decades, the Arizona Branch 
of the International Dyslexia Association has empowered Arizona families impacted by dys-lexia, provided resources to educators, and fostered a community committed to the suc-cess of Arizonans with learning disabilities. I am honored to recognize their courageous ef-forts today. 
I am also committed to working with my fel-
low members of the Dyslexia Caucus, a bipar-tisan group that supports education and career opportunities for people with dyslexia, and en-sures that their voices are heard in Congress. 
By working together and forming strong 
partnerships with community leaders like the Arizona Branch of the International Dyslexia Association, we can ensure Americans im-pacted by dyslexia have the resources nec-essary to achieve their full potential. HONORING THE DEDICATED SERV-
ICE AND SELFLESS SACRIFICE OF SENIOR AIRMAN NATHAN C. SARTAIN 
HON. JEFF MILLER 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, October 20, 2015 
Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, it is 
with both profound sadness and deep grati-tude that I rise to pay tribute to a fallen deco-rated American hero. 
On October 2, 2015, Senior Airman Nathan 
C. Sartain, who was assigned to the United States Air Force 66th Security Forces Squad-ron based out of Hanscom Air Force Base in Massachusetts, lost his life in a tragic C–130 crash in Jalalabad, Afghanistan while de-ployed with the 455th Expeditionary Security Forces Squadron and valiantly serving our Na-tion in support of Operation Freedom’s Sen-tinel. Senior Airman Sartain was 29 years old, but lived a lifetime marked by and full of serv-ice. 
Born and raised in Pensacola, Florida, Sen-
ior Airman Sartain made the Northwest Florida community proud with his many achievements. He excelled at Pensacola High School where he was a member of the National Honor Soci-ety and Junior Reserve Officer Training Corps, where he twice was named an outstanding cadet. Additionally, he was inducted into the Kitty Hawk Air Society’s Daniel L. ‘‘Chappie’’ James Chapter designed to encourage per-sonal excellence and promote community service and was awarded the Air Force Ser-geants’ Association medal in 2001. 
Answering the call of duty and following in 
his father’s footsteps of service, Senior Airman Sartain enlisted in the Air Force in 2013. Upon graduating from Basic Training and the Air Force Security Forces Academy Training, he served as an Installation Patrolman and mobi-lized as a Fly Away Security Team member, a role in which his missions would take him across the globe standing guard in defense of our Nation. His awards include the Air Force Commendation Medal, Air Force Good Con-duct Medal, National Defense Service Medal, Afghanistan Campaign Medal, and the Global War on Terrorism Service Medal. 
His life stands as a testament that freedom 
is not free, and as exemplified by his extraor-dinary heroism, Senior Airman Sartain’s leg-acy will echo in time as an example of the ulti-mate sacrifice in the name of freedom. On be-half of the Northwest Florida community and a grateful Nation, my wife, Vicki, joins me in praying that God is with Nathan’s wife, Lana; stepdaughter, Alexia; parents, Phillip and Jan-ice; siblings, Jeremy, Heather and Dewayne; stepmother, Maralee; and all of the beloved family and friends he held so dear. We ask that God continue to bless them and the United States of America. 
f 
HONORING THE MINISTRY OF REV. 
DR. JAMES C. PERKINS 
HON. ANDY BARR 
OF KENTUCKY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, October 20, 2015 
Mr. BARR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in 
order to recognize the faith and service of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Oct 21, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A20OC8.006 E20OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1487 October 20, 2015 
Rev. Dr. James C. Perkins of Detroit, Michi-
gan to the gospel ministry and its congregants for the last 41 years. My hometown of Lex-ington, Kentucky has the distinguished honor to host Dr. Perkins as he preaches the gospel to three of our community’s churches. His words, written and spoken, have moved many throughout the country for four decades and will continue to do so for years to come. 
Over the course of the Fifth Annual Simulta-
neous Revival in Lexington, the Reverend will preach the gospel and speak words of com-passion to the Sixth District of Kentucky’s own Shiloh Baptist Church, Antioch Missionary Baptist Church, and Imani Baptist Church. The event, hosted by the Interdenominational Pas-toral Fellowship of Lexington and Vicinity, will spread the word of God and the enlightened message of peace and goodwill throughout the Commonwealth. 
Dr. Perkins has been recognized throughout 
this great country and around the world as a leader in civil rights issues and advocacy for those who face daily struggles, seeking to remedy earthly woes through faith, prayer, and the support of the ministry. The Reverend’s close relationship with many prominent groups and institutions such as the Council of Baptist Pastors of Detroit, Wiley College of Marshall, Texas, Morehouse School of Religion of At-lanta, Georgia, and the National Council of Churches has spread the Lord’s word of good faith and love for our fellow man far and wide. In recognition of these good works, Dr. Per-kins is a recipient of the Gandhi, King, Ikeda Community Builders Prize; an accolade be-stowed by Morehouse College upon those who ardently pursue a life of work dedicated to the principle of constructing a world filled with dignity, freedom, and happiness for all people. 
The Reverend’s dedication to the gospel 
and preservation of the rights of Americans of all walks of life has been an inspiration to us all. On behalf of the residents of the Sixth Congressional District, I welcome him to Cen-tral Kentucky. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DICK BERGSTROM 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, October 20, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate Dick Bergstrom of Creston, Iowa, for being selected as a member of the Creston High School Hall of Fame. 
A Cedar Falls native, Dick played football at 
the University of Northern Iowa and was the head football coach for 33 years at Creston High School, during which he coached 17 straight winning seasons and 10 playoff teams. He taught mathematics, health, and physical education during his time at CHS. 
Mr. Speaker, Dick’s efforts embody the Iowa 
spirit and I am honored to represent him, and Iowans like him, in the United States Con-gress. I know that all of my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives will join me in congratulating Dick for his achieve-ments and wish him nothing but continued success. INTRODUCTION OF THE PROTECT 
RIDERS OF METRORAIL PUBLIC TRANSPORTATION ACT OF 2015 
HON. ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON 
OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, October 20, 2015 
Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I rise to intro-
duce the Protect Riders of Metrorail Public Transportation Act of 2015 (PROMPT Act). I am joined by Ms. E
DWARDS of Maryland and 
Mrs. C OMSTOCK of Virginia introducing this im-
portant piece of legislation that impacts our re-spective jurisdictions. The bill permits the U.S. Department of Transportation (DOT) Secretary to administer State safety oversight activities for the Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority until the District of Columbia, Vir-ginia, and Maryland develop a State safety oversight program certified by the Secretary. The bill also permits the DOT Secretary to use the existing safety oversight formula funds set aside for the State Safety Oversight agency for transit safety oversight. 
Following the catastrophic 2009 WMATA 
Metrorail accident that killed nine residents of the region, Congress gave the Federal Transit Administration (FTA) safety oversight authority for transit rail systems as part of the Moving Ahead for Progress in the 21st Century Act (MAP–21). MAP–21 directed FTA to create and implement a national public transportation safety plan, and gave FTA the authority to set and enforce minimum safety standards for transit rail systems. MAP–21 also gave FTA the authority to oversee state safety oversight programs for transit rail and provided $22 mil-lion annually nationwide for formula grants to eligible state safety oversight programs. 
On January 12, 2015, smoke filled a Metro-
rail train near the L’Enfant Plaza Metro Station in Washington, DC, killing one passenger and injuring at least 84 passengers. The National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) launched an investigation of the incident, examining the cause of the accident and expects to issue a final report early next year. NTSB is also in-vestigating the Tri-State Oversight Committee (TOC), which was charged with supervising Metro’s rail safety oversight program, and the FTA, which has not yet issued any safety reg-ulations nor created a national public transpor-tation safety plan. 
Earlier this year, the FTA conducted a safe-
ty management inspection of WMATA’s rail and bus systems and audited the Tri-State Oversight Committee. FTA identified 78 cor-rective actions for Metrorail to address 44 safety findings and 13 corrective actions for Metrobus to address 10 safety findings. FTA’s audit of the TOC found significant gaps in safety oversight, with the TOC lacking en-forcement authority and failing to meet MAP– 21 legal and financial requirements. Among the FTA’s recommendations was that the juris-dictions transition the TOC into the Metro Safety Commission, which was authorized by the DOT Secretary in February 2014. 
Following an August 6, 2015, derailment of 
a Metrorail train outside of the Smithsonian Metro Station, the NTSB issued an urgent rec-ommendation to the DOT Secretary that Con-gress amend 45 U.S.C. 1104(3) to list WMATA as a commuter authority, authorizing the Federal Railroad Administration (FRA) to exercise regulatory oversight of WMATA Met-rorail. On October 9, 2015, the DOT Secretary 
responded to the NTSB recommendation by directing the FTA itself to take over direct safety oversight from the TOC. DOT will have available resources from FTA and FRA to im-plement direct safety oversight, which will in-clude direct enforcement and investigation by 
FTA of WMATA Metrorail, and FTA will per-form unannounced facility inspections and issuances of directives to address any safety inefficiencies. 
This bill codifies the DOT response to the 
NTSB recommendation and makes the fund-ing that would go to the TOC available to DOT and FTA to carry out direct safety oversight. I believe WMATA Metrorail riders will be re-lieved that the FTA will take direct oversight of Metrorail until the DOT Secretary certifies that a fully functioning Metro Safety Commission is up and running. 
I urge my colleagues to support this legisla-
tion. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE 275TH ANNI-
VERSARY OF TORRINGTON, CON-NECTICUT 
HON. ELIZABETH H. ESTY 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, October 20, 2015 
Ms. ESTY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to cele-
brate the 275th anniversary of Torrington, Connecticut. 
On Saturday, I had the honor of commemo-
rating the city’s 275th anniversary with local public officials and members of the commu-nity. Gathered on the steps of City Hall, we marked this historic milestone, honored the city’s residents, and showcased the best of Torrington. The event hosts were the City of Torrington, the Warner Theatre, and the Torrington Historical Society. 
In October 1740, residents established a 
town government only five years after the first settler, Ebenezer Lyman Jr., came to Torrington. Within a few short years, the first church, meeting house, and main roads were built, and Torrington flourished. In the early 19th century, Torrington industrialized. Several large brass mills opened, making the city a hub of production in the area. Over time, Torrington’s population grew to meet these new labor demands. Among these new inhab-itants were a diverse group of immigrants, bringing with them cultures that would enrich Torrington’s commerce, art, and architecture. 
When our nation was embroiled in the Sec-
ond World War, Torrington put its industrial muscle behind the war effort. The city pro-duced vital materials for our troops and con-tributed to victory. Manufacturing continues to be a substantial industry in Torrington. Many of these companies have called Torrington home for decades, while others have found the city recently and discovered that it is an ideal location. 
Today, Torrington is a thriving, vibrant com-
munity. It has set an example for what a city can do when residents work together with a vi-sion for the future. The city boasts cultural at-tractions that bring visitors from near and far to see all that Torrington has to offer. 
I am honored to represent the City of 
Torrington in the United States Congress. I would like to thank Torrington’s Municipal His-torian Ken Buckbee and the Torrington 275 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Oct 21, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A20OC8.009 E20OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1488 October 20, 2015 
Organizing Committee for planning a spectac-
ular celebration to recognize Torrington’s 275th anniversary. 
Congratulations to Torrington. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO MARION DRESDOW 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, October 20, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate Marion Dresdow on the celebration of her 100th birth-day. 
Our world has changed a great deal during 
the course of Marion’s life. Since her birth, we have revolutionized air travel and walked on the moon. We have invented the television, cellular phones, and the internet. We have fought in wars overseas, seen the rise and fall of Soviet communism, and witnessed the birth of new democracies. Marion has lived through 17 United States Presidents and 24 Governors of Iowa. In her lifetime, the population of the United States has more than tripled. 
Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to represent 
Marion in the United States Congress and it is my pleasure to wish her a very happy 100th birthday. I invite my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives to join me in congratulating Marion on reaching this incred-ible milestone, and wishing her even more health and happiness in the years to come. 
f 
HONORING REVEREND GRIFFIN 
DAVIS, SR. ON HIS 50TH PAS-TORAL ANNIVERSARY AT THE HILLTOP MISSIONARY BAPTIST CHURCH 
HON. ALCEE L. HASTINGS 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, October 20, 2015 
Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize Reverend Griffin Davis, Sr. and commemorate the 50th anniversary of his es-teemed ministry. As a devoted pastor, he has spent many years worshipping at Hilltop Mis-sionary Baptist Church in Riviera Beach, Flor-ida. 
Reverend Davis has always gone out of his 
way to help those in need in his community. ‘‘Life is incomplete without God,’’ Reverend Davis has said. ‘‘We need to get off the seat of ‘do-nothing’ and go out and find the Lord.’’ Since its founding, Hilltop have brought many people together to share their deep love and devotion to the Lord. 
Reverend Davis has always acted as a bea-
con of good-will and served as a dependable figure whom the city and its residents can rely on. His ministry has focused on providing good will and support to assist those who are most vulnerable, including the poor and dis-abled, and most importantly, senior citizens and children in need. He is routinely involved in ambitious projects, whether it is providing a furnished home for a church member, pro-viding clothes and food for the hungry, or sim-ply listening to those who yearn to be heard. Each and every one of Rev. Davis’ efforts have reflected the sheer love and pride he holds for his fellow congregants. I am truly 
honored to join his family, friends, and every-one in the community in honoring him. 
Mr. Speaker, Reverend Griffin Davis, Sr. is 
a remarkable man whose heart knows no bounds. I have had the privilege to see first-hand the selfless work that he has been able to accomplish, and wish him many more years of service to his ministry. I am proud to not only represent him in Congress, but also call him my close friend. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE 125TH ANNIVER-
SARY OF KEUKA COLLEGE 
HON. TOM REED 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, October 20, 2015 
Mr. REED. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-
ognize the 125th anniversary of Keuka Col-lege. 
Keuka College was founded in 1890 on the 
shores of Keuka Lake in the Finger Lakes re-gion of New York. This independent, liberal arts college was established by Rev. George Harvey Ball, who sought to provide high-qual-ity education to all deserving students regard-less of their economic backgrounds. 
Over the past 125 years, Keuka College has 
offered students a vibrant educational cur-riculum focused on experiential learning and community service. All students are required to complete at least 140 hours of hands-on experience every year, putting into practice what they learn in the classroom. This enables students to gain significant, real-world experi-ence and professional skills before they enter the workforce. The student-designed intern-ship program ‘‘Field Period’’ has received na-tional recognition from the Carnegie Founda-tion for the Advancement of Teaching and the President’s Higher Education Community Service Honor Roll. 
Keuka College offers 31 bachelor’s degree 
programs on its home campus, many with specialized concentrations. In addition, the College offers seven master’s degree pro-grams and pre-professional programs in den-tistry, law, medicine, veterinary medicine, op-tometry, pharmacy, and occupational therapy. These programs fulfill the College’s mission statement by developing ‘‘exemplary citizens and leaders’’ who realize ‘‘their full personal and professional potential.’’ 
I ask my colleagues to join me in congratu-
lating Keuka College on 125 years of success. I am proud to recognize this remarkable mile-stone and the great contributions the College has made, and will continue to make, to New York’s 23rd Congressional District. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO GEORGE MERTZ 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, October 20, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate George Mertz of Walnut, Iowa, on the celebration of his 100th birthday on October 3, 2015. 
In George’s early years he took over the 
family farm implement business and sold real estate in Walnut, Iowa. He married Evelyn 
Oldehoff on September 10, 1944, and has four sons, 13 grandchildren, 17 great-grand-children, and one great-great-grandchild. George admirably served in the U.S. Air Force during the Second World War. Longevity runs in the family, as his dad lived to be 101. 
Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to represent 
George, and Iowans like him, in the United States Congress. I urge my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives to join me in congratulating George in reaching this incredible milestone. I wish him continued health and happiness in the years to come. 
f 
CHILDREN’S NATIONAL HEALTH 
SYSTEM’S DIVISION OF DIAG-NOSTIC IMAGING AND RADI-OLOGY 
HON. ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON 
OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, October 20, 2015 
Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
ask the House of Representatives to join me in congratulating Children’s National Health System and its Division of Diagnostic Imaging and Radiology on the International Day of Ra-diology and on the tremendous impact that pe-diatric medical imaging and radiation has on children’s health care in the District of Colum-bia. 
Children’s National Health System and its 
Division of Diagnostic Imaging and Radiology offers District residents access to a special-ized staff, full-time Child Life Specialists, state- of-the-art equipment and walk-in radiographs. When a procedure, such as an MRI, requires sedation, Children’s National is the only hos-pital in the national capital region that guaran-tees a child’s anesthesia is administered by a fellowship-trained pediatric anesthesiologist. 
Children’s National has one of the few radi-
ology programs in the United States with sev-eral physicists on staff. Children’s physicists ensure patient safety through careful moni-toring of all equipment. Their physicists super-vise radiation safety throughout the hospital, can answer parents’ questions about the radi-ation dose for an exam and ensure safe and effective application of Magnetic Resonance Imaging. 
Children’s National performs approximately 
130,000 diagnostic imaging studies each year. These studies play a critical role in the detec-tion, diagnosis and management of a wide va-riety of diseases affecting children; and they are performed by specially trained physicians, technologists, sonographers, nurses and child life specialists who understand the unique needs of our youngest patients. Medical imag-ing reduces the number of invasive surgeries, unnecessary hospital admissions and lengths of hospital stays, and helps lower health care costs for Americans. 
On November 8, 2015, the International Day 
of Radiology, sponsored by the American Col-
lege of Radiology, the European Society of Radiology and the Radiologic Society of North America, is celebrating the 120th anniversary of the discovery of the X-ray by Wilhelm Con-rad Rontgen and the important role medical imaging and radiation oncology serve in health care. Children’s National will designate Friday, November 6, 2015, to celebrate the Inter-national Day of Radiology, which this year is dedicated to pediatric imaging. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Oct 21, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A20OC8.012 E20OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1489 October 20, 2015 
Mr. Speaker, I ask the House of Represent-
atives to join me in celebrating the 2015 Inter-national Day of Radiology and recognizing and honoring Children’s National Health System and its Division of Diagnostic Imaging and Ra-diology for their invaluable contributions to im-proving pediatric radiology on behalf of the residents of the District of Columbia. 
f 
WELCOME TO SCENIC PEARLAND, 
TEXAS 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, October 20, 2015 
Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
congratulate Pearland, Texas for earning a Gold Level Scenic City Certification. Pearland residents already know how beautiful this city is, and we are proud that everybody across Texas agrees. 
Scenic Texas, a non-profit organization, 
awarded the Gold Level Scenic City Certifi-cation to Pearland for five years. The organi-zation took note of Pearland’s beautiful land-scapes, tree-lined streets, and dedication to cultural arts. This certification further dem-onstrates Pearland’s commitment to improving the quality of life for its residents. We are ex-tremely proud of this growing city. 
On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-
sional District of Texas, congratulations to Pearland. Thank you for keeping our little piece of Texas beautiful. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO JOE AND DOROTHY 
HILDRETH 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, October 20, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate Joe and Dorothy Hildreth of Underwood, Iowa, on the very special occasion of their 50th wedding anniversary. Joe and Dorothy were married in 1965. 
Joe and Dorothy’s lifelong commitment to 
each other and their children, Brenda and Pam, along with their grandchildren, truly em-bodies Iowa values. I commend this devoted couple on their 50th year together and I wish them many more. I know my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives will join me in congratulating them on this momen-tous occasion. I wish them and their family nothing but the best moving forward. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE SANTA 
MONICA HEALTH CENTER RUN BY PLANNED PARENTHOOD LOS ANGELES 
HON. TED LIEU 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, October 20, 2015 
Mr. TED LIEU of California. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today to honor the Santa Monica Health Center run by Planned Parenthood Los Ange-les. The Santa Monica Health Center, which is 
located in the heart of the 33rd Congressional District, serves more than twenty thousand of my constituents every year. 
Planned Parenthood Los Angeles has pro-
vided high-quality and affordable health serv-ices for fifty years, including reproductive health care, cancer screenings, sex education, and health counseling. Thanks to their con-sistent commitment to patient care, they are now the largest private provider of reproduc-tive health services in Los Angeles County. Planned Parenthood clinics are particularly es-sential to the health of young, disadvantaged, and low-income patients. 
I am inspired by the tireless dedication and 
exceptional skill shown by the Santa Monica Health Center’s employees, volunteers, and champions. Since its inception, the Santa Monica Health Center has worked to preserve and defend the reproductive rights of all Angelenos. By ensuring access to reproduc-tive care, they have steadfastly protected their patients’ autonomy and future opportunities. 
The Santa Monica Health Center’s clinicians 
and patient advocates earned our deepest thanks, recognition, and support. I urge my colleagues to join me in commending them for their years of service to the residents of the 33rd District. 
f 
HONORING NELSON SHANKS 
HON. MICHAEL G. FITZPATRICK 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, October 20, 2015 
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, from presi-
dents to popes to princesses, Nelson Shanks painted them all. 
An internationally renowned portrait artist, 
he called my district of Bucks County home— painting some of his most iconic works in his studio in Andalusia, Bensalem. 
Throughout his decades-long career, 
Shanks served on the faculty of several promi-nent art organizations, including the Art Insti-tute of Chicago and the National Academy of Design before founding Studio Incamminati in Philadelphia. Celebrated for his adherence to Realism, he was a recipient of the Gold Medal for Lifetime Achievement by the Portrait Soci-ety of America. 
While Shanks once remarked that ‘‘If you 
can see it, and if you know your color, you can paint it,’’ there is no doubt that his master-pieces far exceeded the simplicity he stated. 
Nelson Shanks passed away at the end of 
August, but his legacy lives on in the timeless works of art around the globe. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO JOHN AND EMOGENE 
KAUFMAN 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, October 20, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate John and Emogene Kaufman of Council Bluffs, Iowa, on the very special occasion of their 65th wed-ding anniversary. They were married on Sep-tember 16, 1950 at the First Christian Church in Council Bluffs, where they have remained 
members. 
John and Emogene’s lifelong commitment to 
each other and their children, John and Susan, their grandchildren, and great-grand-children, truly embodies Iowa values. I com-mend this devoted couple on their 65th year together and I wish them many more. I know my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives will join me in congratulating them on this momentous occasion. 
f 
75TH ANNIVERSARY OF LONG 
BEACH BRANCH OF NAACP 
HON. ALAN S. LOWENTHAL 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, October 20, 2015 
Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to honor the Long Beach Branch of the Na-tional Association for the Advancement of Col-ored People, which is celebrating its 75th an-niversary this week. Since its founding in 1940, the NAACP has been at the forefront of the fight to protect the civil rights of all Ameri-cans. The mission statement of the NAACP is to ensure the political, educational, social, and economic equality of rights of all persons and to eliminate race-based discrimination in the United States. It has done so by advocating for and influencing the passage of numerous pieces of landmark legislation including the Civil Rights Act and the Voting Rights Act. It has also been a forceful voice behind numer-ous court decisions that have set our nation’s course on civil rights. 
The NAACP has had a presence in Long 
Beach, CA since 1940 and has done much to advance the cause of civil rights for the city’s residents. Before the Civil Rights Act of 1964, Los Angeles County was similar to many seg-regated counties throughout the nation and Af-rican-American residents in the county experi-enced racial discrimination in all aspects of their lives. The NAACP was central in the fight to combat these injustices and worked over the following decades to expand voter partici-pation, legally challenge the segregated school system, and bring the equality of op-portunity to Long Beach. Today, the Long Beach Branch of the NAACP sponsors many award winning programs and projects, such as the Community Impact Program, which pro-motes academic excellence, social responsi-bility, leadership, and community service. Since its founding, the Long Beach Branch has been recognized over 20 times with the prestigious Thalheimer Awards, the National NAACP’s top award given to branches for out-standing achievements. The Long Beach Branch NAACP has also been recognized as one of the best NAACP branches in California. This success is thanks in no small part to the NAACP, which has always resolutely placed them in the vanguard of the struggle for equal-ity. 
Despite all that has been accomplished over 
the years, the mission and goals of the NAACP remains an ongoing journey. Racial profiling remains a pervasive policy in both the workplace and in many police departments all over the country; inequities in the criminal jus-tice system continue to overwhelmingly impact African Americans; and, threats to voter ac-cess continue to gain traction in certain areas 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Oct 21, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A20OC8.017 E20OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1490 October 20, 2015 
of the country. These injustices show that the 
NAACP’s work is just as important today as it was when the Long Beach Branch NAACP was founded 75 years ago. While our recogni-tion of past progress made under the leader-ship of the NAACP is critical and necessary, we also must look to the future and rededicate ourselves as Americans to the fulfillment of their goals of a truly equal and just society for all Americans. 
f 
OUR UNCONSCIONABLE NATIONAL 
DEBT 
HON. MIKE COFFMAN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, October 20, 2015 
Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, on January 
20, 2009, the day President Obama took of-fice, the national debt was $10,626,877,048,913.08. 
Today, it is $18,152,705,110,034.31. We’ve 
added $7,525,828,061,121.23 to our debt in 6 years. This is over $7.5 trillion in debt our na-tion, our economy, and our children could have avoided with a balanced budget amend-ment. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO THE FABRIC AND 
FRIENDS QUILT GUILD 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, October 20, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize the Fabric and Friends Quilt Guild of Adair County, Iowa, for their continued service to our country’s veterans. 
The Guild, which was formed in 2001, 
began with members creating ‘‘cooling ties’’ for soldiers deployed to Iraq and quilts for service members recovering at Walter Reed Hospital. Guild members now present ‘‘Red, White and Blue’’ quilts to local service mem-bers. 
Mr. Speaker, the selflessness and dedica-
tion each member of this group demonstrates embodies the Iowa spirit and I am honored to represent them, and Iowans like them, in the United States Congress. I know that all of my colleagues in the United States House of Rep-resentatives will join me in recognizing the Fabric and Friends Quilt Guild for their service to our armed service members and veterans and wish them nothing but continued success. 
f 
IN MEMORY OF MARTHA CAROLYN 
EDEN 
HON. JOE WILSON 
OF SOUTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, October 20, 2015 
Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speak-
er, on Thursday, October 15th, South Caro-linians paused from recovery efforts of record flooding to recognize the life of Martha Caro-lyn Edens with a Service of Death and Res-urrection at Trenholm Road United Methodist Church in Columbia. The Reverend Doctor Bill Bouknight prop-
erly began the sermon recognizing her as a Caring Conservative. 
Martha Edens was a devoted pioneer in es-
tablishing the modem Republican Party. She was an active volunteer in August 1961 elect-ing Richland Representative Charlie Boineau to the House of Representatives as the first 
Republican elected to the General Assembly in the Twentieth Century. He was joined in 1962 by State Representative Floyd Spence of Lexington who was the first elected official to switch parties. Through her family’s dedication she lived a revolution where Republicans by 2010 held elected all statewide state and fed-eral offices. Additionally super majorities were achieved in the State House and Senate with eight of nine federal offices. From isolated pockets of Republican transplants from the Northeast and Midwest in 1961, the party is now dominant in almost every corner of the state. 
She helped establish a broad-based party in 
2010 electing Nikki Haley as the state’s first female Governor in 340 years and as Amer-ica’s second Indian-American Governor. With Tim Scott, being the second African-American elected to Congress in the twentieth Century and in 2014 he achieved being the first popu-larly elected African-American ever from the South to the U.S. Senate. Additionally with Alan Wilson, South Carolina elected Ameri-can’s youngest State Attorney General. 
Martha Edens’ vision and dedication to the 
principles of limited government and expanded freedom have been adopted by the people of South Carolina. On October 11th, a thoughtful obituary was published in The State of Colum-bia, South Carolina. 
Columbia Memorial service for Martha 
Carolyn Edens, 87, will be held at 4:00 p.m. Thursday, October 15, 2015, at Trenholm Road United Methodist Church. Following the service, the family will receive friends in the church dining hall. Burial will be private in Greenlawn Memorial Park. Dunbar Fu-neral Home, Devine Street Chapel, is assist-ing the family. 
Ms. Edens died Friday, October 9, 2015. 
Born in Richland County, she was the daugh-ter of the late James Drake Edens Sr. and May Florence Youmans Edens. She grad-uated from Dreher High School, attended Brenau University in Gainesville, Ga. and graduated from the University of South Carolina. 
Martha lived a well-spent life of love, dedi-
cation and generosity. In addition to being a loving, caring mother to her two children, Martha accomplished more in her life than most people even dream of. She was active in politics, her college fraternity, Zeta Tau Alpha, her church, Trenholm Road United Methodist and her community. Among the highlights of Martha’s many accomplish-ments was being awarded the Order of the Palmetto in 1995 by Governor Carroll A. Campbell. 
On the local level, she served the Richland 
County Republican Party as Party Chair-man, Finance Chairman and Precinct Com-mitteeman. Martha served as Vice Chairman of the First Tuesday Republican Club. She was a member of the Richland County Ivory Club, the Richland County Republican Wom-en’s Club and was a governor’s mansion do-cent. 
A true community leader, Martha was also 
an active member of Trenholm Road United Methodist Church, having served on numer-ous boards and committees and was an Advi-sory Board member of Lutheran Theological Seminary. Martha was also an active board member of the Palmetto Society of the 
United Way and the Salvation Army of Co-lumbia and she was former president and member of the State Board of Directors of 
South Carolina Easter Seal Society. Addi-tionally, Martha was a member of the South Carolina Museum Commission and the SC Law Institute Council. She was a former member of the Advisory Board of Republic National Bank and the Citizens Committee for the Construction of the Richland County Judicial Center. She served as treasurer of the South Carolina Republican Party. 
A longtime member of the Capitol 100 
Foundation, Martha served our state as Na-tional Committeewoman on the Republican National Committee, where she became known as one of the most outstanding na-tional committeewomen in the nation. As National Committeewoman, she served on the Rules Committee of the RNC, was elect-ed Vice Chairman of the Southern Region and served on the Chairman’s Executive Committee, having served four years in each of those positions. In 1992, Martha served, along with Honorary Chairman Carroll A. Campbell, as Chairman of the Southern Re-publican Conference. Elected to serve as one of eight members of the Site Selection Com-mittee for the 1996 Republican National Con-vention, Martha also served on the Com-mittee on Arrangements for the San Diego convention. On the state level, Martha had the honor of serving on the South Carolina Election Commission. 
She served as Vice President on the Board 
of Trustees of Brenau University for thirty years, received the Outstanding Alumnae Award for Community Service and received the prestigious Mary Mildred Sullivan Award given to distinguished alumnae. 
Martha was also a member of the Board of 
Visitors for Columbia College, the Advisory Board for the Medical University of South Carolina and served Richland County School District Two as a Board of Trustees member, Secretary, Vice President and Chairman. Ad-ditionally, Martha held office on the Board of Trustees of Richland Memorial Hospital and worked as a volunteer with the Help- Line Crisis Intervention Program and Bap-tist Medical Center Hospice. 
Dearest to her heart, though, was her life-
long involvement with Zeta Tau Alpha Fra-ternity. She served as Province President for the states of North and South Carolina and Georgia, National Vice President, National President, National Extension Director, Chairman, International Office Building Committee, President of Zeta Tau Alpha Foundation and served on the Foundation Board as a director. Her fraternity honors were as an Honor Ring Recipient, Vivian Ulmer Smith Rushing Award, Alumnae Cer-tificate of Merit, Louise Kettler Helper Award and Outstanding Alumnae Award. 
Martha Carolyn Edens had many dear 
friends who valued her dry wit, her sharp humor and her unfailing sense of style. Her honesty, ethics and fairness could always be counted on. She gave generously in donating her time and talents. 
Surviving are her daughter, Dinah Helms 
Cook (Phil); daughter-in-law, Pamela Blaylock Helms; grandchildren, Blake Edens Helms, James Cook, Jennifer Cook and Alli-son Cook. Also surviving are nieces and nephews and many dear friends. Martha was predeceased by her former husband, William Edgar Helms Jr.; her son, William Edgar Helms III; and brothers, James Drake Edens Jr. and William Youmans Edens Sr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Oct 21, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20OC8.023 E20OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1491 October 20, 2015 
RETIREMENT OF DAVE OLSON 
(WASHINGTON RIVER PROTEC-TION SOLUTIONS) 
HON. DAN NEWHOUSE 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, October 20, 2015 
Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to rec-
ognize the contributions of Dave Olson, who is retiring as President of Washington River Pro-tection Solutions, a Tank-Farm Contractor at the Hanford Nuclear site in Central Wash-ington. 
After 30 years of service, Dave’s retirement 
is well-deserved. Since taking over as Presi-dent of WRPS in 2013, he has been an out-standing leader and under his leadership the company has tackled some of the most com-plex waste remediation issues at the site, while maintaining one of the best safety records across the EM complex. 
Hanford is one of the most critical environ-
mental cleanup projects in the world—with 56 million gallons of radioactive and hazardous chemical waste stored in underground tanks— and Dave’s dedication and contributions have been invaluable to the project. 
Dave also volunteered as a member of the 
Hanford Working Group, which I formed to ad-vise me on issues of importance to the Han-ford Site and local communities. I would like to congratulate Dave on his retirement and thank him for his time, valuable insight, and dedi-cated service to the cleanup mission at Han-ford and the long-term prosperity of the Tri-Cit-ies. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO LARRY PETERSON 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, October 20, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate Larry Peterson, of Creston, Iowa, for being selected as a member of the Creston High School Hall of Fame. 
Mr. Peterson has been writing for news-
papers since the day he graduated from the University of Iowa in 1979. He has spent 30 years writing for the Creston News Advertiser, where he has served as sports editor, assist-ant editor, feature writer and sports writer. Larry has covered more than 3,000 high school games, numerous state championship teams and more than 100 individual cham-pions during his time as a sports writer. Larry has also spent almost 16 years coaching 
teams in Creston throughout the years. 
Mr. Speaker, Larry’s efforts embody the 
Iowa spirit and I am honored to represent him, and Iowans like him, in the United States Con-gress. I know that all of my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives will join me in congratulating Larry for his achieve-ments and wish him nothing but continued success. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF PAKACHOAG 
SCHOOL 
HON. JAMES P. McGOVERN 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, October 20, 2015 
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to ask my colleagues in the U.S. House of Representatives to join me in recognizing the accomplishments of Pakachoag School. 
Pakachoag School, located in Auburn, Mas-
sachusetts, was recently named a 2015 Na-tional Blue Ribbon School by the U.S. Depart-ment of Education. Pakachoag prides itself on its dedication to providing students with the tools they need to succeed in the dynamic and fast-paced world surrounding them. Auburn schools have a history of educational excel-lence. In 2014, the Julia Bancroft School won a Blue Ribbon award. Due to redistricting, Julia Bancroft and Pakachoag have since merged. Educators of the Auburn Public Schools provide committed and enthusiastic leadership, creating a comprehensive and in-viting educational environment. The Pakachoag pledge, ‘‘We are Prepared, Aware, and Kind!’’ echoes the school’s focus on en-suring students can become considerate and intelligent luminaries in the world outside the classroom. 
To inspire civic responsibility and leader-
ship, Pakachoag promotes numerous Commu-nity Service Learning Projects. Through fund-raising, volunteer work, and reading programs, the importance of ‘‘giving back’’ is instilled in students. The school also offers a number of events and programs such as food drives and community reading days that not only reflect upon the student’s development, but benefit the community as a whole. 
Pakachoag School also strives to provide a 
comprehensive and inclusive environment within the school’s walls. Pakachoag’s special needs program is one of the most intensive in the Auburn school system. Extracurricular ac-tivities like student government and a student- written newspaper, along with on-site before and after-school childcare through the Galaxy Program, demonstrate how Pakachoag is 
deeply committed to the success, nurturing, and overall wellbeing of each and every one of its students. 
None of these wonderful educational 
achievements would be possible without the talented educators and staff members at Pakachoag School. Administrative leadership under Superintendent Dr. Maryellen Brunelle can be associated with her passion for the success of her students, as well as a dedica-tion to creating a warm and welcoming learn-ing environment. The tireless efforts by all of those involved can be credited to Pakachoag’s success. 
I am so proud to represent the faculty, stu-
dents, and staff of the Pakachoag School and the Auburn School System, and I look forward to what they will continue to accomplish in the future. I ask you to join me in congratulating the Pakachoag School for being named a 2015 National Blue Ribbon School. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. JERRY McNERNEY 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, October 20, 2015 
Mr. M CNERNEY. Mr. Speaker, I was nec-
essarily absent from the House on February 26, 2015. Had I been present, I would have voted NO on H. Res. 125 (Roll Call 93). I would like to accurately reflect my stance on this issue. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO RAMON AND JEAN 
SMITH 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, October 20, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and honor Ramon and Jean Smith of Atlantic, Iowa, on the very spe-cial occasion of their 60th wedding anniver-sary. They were married on September 18, 1955. 
Ramon and Jean’s lifelong commitment to 
each other and their children, Sherrie, Terry, and Doug, truly embodies Iowa values. I com-mend this devoted couple on their 60th year together and I wish them many more. I know my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives will join me in congratulating them on this momentous occasion. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Oct 21, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A20OC8.027 E20OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D1100 Tuesday, October 20, 2015 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S7309–S7366 
Measures Introduced: Three bills and one resolu-
tion were introduced, as follows: S. 2184–2186, and S. Res. 290.
                                                          Pages S7344–45 
Measures Passed: 
Sgt. Zachary M. Fisher Post Office: Senate passed 
H.R. 322, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 16105 Swingley Ridge Road in Chesterfield, Missouri, as the ‘‘Sgt. Zachary M. Fisher Post Office’’.
                        Page S7366 
Sgt. Amanda N. Pinson Post Office: Senate 
passed H.R. 323, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 55 Grasso Plaza in St. Louis, Missouri, as the ‘‘Sgt. Amanda N. Pinson Post Office’’.
                                                 Page S7366 
Lt. Daniel P. Riordan Post Office: Senate passed 
H.R. 324, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 11662 Gravois Road in St. Louis, Missouri, as the ‘‘Lt. Daniel P. Riordan Post Office’’.
                                                                 Page S7366 
Richard ‘Dick’ Chenault Post Office Building: 
Senate passed H.R. 558, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 55 South Pioneer Boulevard in Springboro, Ohio, as the ‘‘Richard ‘Dick’ Chenault Post Office Building’’. 
                                                                                            Page S7366 
Staff Sergeant Robert H. Dietz Post Office 
Building: Senate passed H.R. 1442, to designate the 
facility of the United States Postal Service located at 90 Cornell Street in Kingston, New York, as the 
‘‘Staff Sergeant Robert H. Dietz Post Office Build-ing’’.
                                                                                 Page S7366 
Officer Daryl R. Pierson Memorial Post Office 
Building: Senate passed H.R. 1884, to designate the 
facility of the United States Postal Service located at 206 West Commercial Street in East Rochester, New York, as the ‘‘Officer Daryl R. Pierson Memorial Post Office Building’’.
                                            Page S7366 
James Robert Kalsu Post Office Building: Senate 
passed H.R. 3059, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 4500 SE 28th Street, Del City, Oklahoma, as the James Robert 
Kalsu Post Office Building.
                                 Page S7366 
National Case Management Week: Committee 
on the Judiciary was discharged from further consid-eration of S. Res. 261, designating the week of Oc-tober 11 through October 17, 2015, as ‘‘National Case Management Week’’ to recognize the role of case management in improving health care outcomes for patients, and the resolution was then agreed to. 
                                                                                            Page S7366 
Measures Considered: 
Stop Sanctuary Policies and Protect Americans 
Act: Senate continued consideration of the motion to 
proceed to consideration of S. 2146, to hold sanc-tuary jurisdictions accountable for defying Federal law, to increase penalties for individuals who ille-gally reenter the United States after being removed, and to provide liability protection for State and local law enforcement who cooperate with Federal law en-forcement.
                                                              Pages S7314–32 
During consideration of this measure today, Senate 
also took the following action: 
By 54 yeas to 45 nays (Vote No. 280), three-fifths 
of those Senators duly chosen and sworn, not having voted in the affirmative, Senate rejected the motion to close further debate on the motion to proceed to consideration of the bill.
                                        Page S7323 
Cybersecurity Information Sharing Act—Agree-ment: Senate began consideration of S. 754, to im-
prove cybersecurity in the United States through en-hanced sharing of information about cybersecurity threats, after taking action on the following amend-ments proposed thereto:
                                 Pages S7332–42 
Pending: 
Burr/Feinstein Amendment No. 2716, in the na-
ture of a substitute.                                                   Page S7333 
Burr (for Cotton) Modified Amendment No. 2581 
(to Amendment No. 2716), to exempt from the ca-pability and process within the Department of Homeland Security communication between a pri-vate entity and the Federal Bureau of Investigation or the United States Secret Service regarding cyber-security threats.
                                                          Page S7333 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:49 Oct 21, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D20OC5.REC D20OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1101 October 20, 2015 
Feinstein (for Coons) Modified Amendment No. 
2552 (to Amendment No. 2716), to modify section 5 to require DHS to review all cyber threat indica-tors and countermeasures in order to remove certain personal information.
                                       Pages S7333–34 
Burr (for Flake/Franken) Amendment No. 2582 
(to Amendment No. 2716), to terminate the provi-sions of the Act after six years.
                          Page S7334 
Feinstein (for Franken) Modified Amendment No. 
2612 (to Amendment No. 2716), to improve the definitions of cybersecurity threat and cyber threat indicator.
                                                                Pages S7334–35 
Burr (for Heller) Modified Amendment No. 2548 
(to Amendment No. 2716), to protect information that is reasonably believed to be personal informa-tion or information that identifies a specific person. 
                                                                                            Page S7335 
Feinstein (for Leahy) Modified Amendment No. 
2587 (to Amendment No. 2716), to strike the FOIA exemption.
                                                                     Page S7335 
Burr (for Paul) Modified Amendment No. 2564 
(to Amendment No. 2716), to prohibit liability im-munity to applying to private entities that break user or privacy agreements with customers. 
                                                                                            Page S7335 
Feinstein (for Mikulski/Cardin) Amendment No. 
2557 (to Amendment No. 2716), to provide amounts necessary for accelerated cybersecurity in re-sponse to data breaches.
                                         Page S7335 
Feinstein (for Whitehouse/Graham) Modified 
Amendment No. 2626 (to Amendment No. 2716), to amend title 18, United States Code, to protect Americans from cybercrime.
     Pages S7335–36, S7339–40 
Feinstein (for Wyden) Modified Amendment No. 
2621 (to Amendment No. 2716), to improve the re-quirements relating to removal of personal informa-tion from cyber threat indicators before sharing. 
                                                                                            Page S7336 
A motion was entered to close further debate on 
Burr/Feinstein Amendment No. 2716 (listed above), and, in accordance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, a vote on clo-ture will occur on Thursday, October 22, 2015. 
                                                                                            Page S7336 
A motion was entered to close further debate on 
the bill, and, in accordance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, a vote on cloture will occur upon disposition of Burr/ Feinstein Amendment No. 2716.
                     Page S7342 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-
viding for further consideration of the bill at ap-proximately 10:30 a.m., on Wednesday, October 21, 2015.
                                                                                Page S7366 
Nomination Confirmed: Senate confirmed the fol-
lowing nomination: By 95 yeas to 2 nays (Vote No. EX. 279), Ann 
Donnelly, of New York, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of New York. 
                                                                      Pages S7311–14, S7366 
Measures Placed on the Calendar: 
                                                                            Pages S7310, S7344 
Additional Cosponsors:                                  Page S7345–46 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                            Page S7346 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S7343–44 
Amendments Submitted:                           Pages S7346–65 
Authorities for Committees to Meet: 
                                                                                    Pages S7365–66 
Record Votes: Two record votes were taken today. 
(Total—280)                                                  Pages S7314, S7323 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 10 a.m. and ad-
journed at 6:19 p.m., until 9:30 a.m. on Wednes-day, October 21, 2015. (For Senate’s program, see the remarks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S7366.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
NOMINATIONS 
Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: Committee 
concluded a hearing to examine the nominations of Cherry Ann Murray, of Kansas, to be Director of the Office of Science, Victoria Marie Baecher Wassmer, of Illinois, to be Under Secretary, and John Francis Kotek, of Idaho, to be an Assistant Secretary (Nu-clear Energy), all of the Department of Energy, and Mary L. Kendall, of Minnesota, to be Inspector Gen-eral, Suzette M. Kimball, of West Virginia, to be Director of the United States Geological Survey, who was introduced by Senators Manchin and Capito, and Kristen Joan Sarri, of Michigan, to be an Assistant Secretary, who was introduced by Senator Reed, all of the Department of the Interior, after the nominees testified and answered questions in their own behalf. 
NORTH KOREA 
Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee concluded 
a hearing to examine the persistent North Korea denuclearization and human rights challenge, after receiving testimony from Sung Kim, Special Rep-resentative for North Korea Policy, Deputy Assistant Secretary of State, and Robert King, Special Envoy for North Korean Human Rights Issues, both of the Department of State. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:33 Mar 16, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\RECORD15\OCT 2015\D20OC5.REC D20OC5bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1102 October 20, 2015 
PARIS INTERNATIONAL CLIMATE 
NEGOTIATIONS 
Committee on Foreign Relations: Subcommittee on Mul-
tilateral International Development, Multilateral In-stitutions, and International Economic, Energy, and Environmental Policy concluded a hearing to exam-ine the 2015 Paris international climate negotia-tions, focusing on the economic and environmental impacts, after receiving testimony from Todd D. 
Stern, Special Envoy for Climate Change, Depart-ment of State. 
INTELLIGENCE 
Select Committee on Intelligence: Committee met in 
closed session to receive a briefing on certain intel-ligence matters from officials of the intelligence community. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 13 pub-
lic bills, H.R. 3763–3775; and 1 resolution, H. Res. 482 were introduced.
                                       Pages H7026–27 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H7027–28 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: 
H.R. 1428, to extend Privacy Act remedies to 
citizens of certified states, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–294, Part 1); 
H.R. 3493, to amend the Homeland Security Act 
of 2002 to establish the Securing the Cities program to enhance the ability of the United States to detect and prevent terrorist attacks and other high con-sequence events utilizing nuclear or other radio-logical materials that pose a high risk to homeland security in high-risk urban areas, and for other pur-poses, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–295); 
H.R. 3350, to require a terrorism threat assess-
ment regarding the transportation of chemical, bio-logical, nuclear, and radiological materials through United States land borders and within the United States, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–296); 
H.R. 3572, to amend the Homeland Security Act 
of 2002 to reform, streamline, and make improve-ments to the Department of Homeland Security and support the Department’s efforts to implement bet-ter policy, planning, management, and performance, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–297); 
H.R. 598, to provide taxpayers with an annual re-
port disclosing the cost and performance of Govern-ment programs and areas of duplication among them, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–298); 
H.R. 2320, to provide access to and use of infor-
mation by Federal agencies in order to reduce im-proper payments, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–299); H. Res. 480, providing for consideration of the 
bill (H.R. 10) to reauthorize the Scholarships for Opportunity and Results Act, and for other pur-poses, and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 692) to ensure the payment of interest and principal of the debt of the United States (H. Rept. 114–300); and 
H. Res. 481, providing for consideration of the 
bill (H.R. 1937) to require the Secretary of the Inte-rior and the Secretary of Agriculture to more effi-ciently develop domestic sources of the minerals and mineral materials of strategic and critical importance to United States economic and national security and manufacturing competitiveness (H. Rept. 114–301). 
                                                                                    Pages H7025–26 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he 
appointed Representative Moolenaar to act as Speak-er pro tempore for today.
                                      Page H6983 
Recess: The House recessed at 12:08 p.m. and re-
convened at 2 p.m.                                                    Page H6984 
Recess: The House recessed at 2:07 p.m. and recon-
vened at 4 p.m.                                                           Page H6985 
Suspensions: The House agreed to suspend the rules 
and pass the following measures: 
Judicial Redress Act of 2015: H.R. 1428, to ex-
tend Privacy Act remedies to citizens of certified states;
                                                                       Pages H6985–88 
Securing the Cities Act of 2015: H.R. 3493, 
amended, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to establish the Securing the Cities program to enhance the ability of the United States to detect and prevent terrorist attacks and other high con-sequence events utilizing nuclear or other radio-logical materials that pose a high risk to homeland security in high-risk urban areas, by a 
2⁄3yea-and- 
nay vote of 411 yeas to 4 nays, Roll No. 550; 
                                                                      Pages H6988–89, H7010 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:49 Oct 21, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D20OC5.REC D20OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1103 October 20, 2015 
Know the CBRN Terrorism Threats to Trans-
portation Act: H.R. 3350, to require a terrorism 
threat assessment regarding the transportation of chemical, biological, nuclear, and radiological mate-rials through United States land borders and within the United States, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 416 
yeas with none voting ‘‘nay’’, Roll No. 551; 
                                                                Pages H6989–91, H7010–11 
DHS Headquarters Reform and Improvement 
Act of 2015: H.R. 3572, amended, to amend the 
Homeland Security Act of 2002 to reform, stream-line, and make improvements to the Department of Homeland Security and support the Department’s ef-forts to implement better policy, planning, manage-ment, and performance;
                           Pages H6991–H7005 
Amending section 1105(a) of title 31, United 
States Code: H.R. 1315, to amend section 1105(a) 
of title 31, United States Code, to require that an-nual budget submissions of the President to Con-gress provide an estimate of the cost per taxpayer of the deficit; and
                                                   Pages H7005–07 
Supporting the right of the people of Ukraine to 
freely elect their government and determine their future: H. Res. 348, amended, supporting the right 
of the people of Ukraine to freely elect their govern-ment and determine their future, by a 
2⁄3yea-and- 
nay vote of 413 yeas to 4 nays, Roll No. 552. 
                                                                Pages H7007–09, H7011–12 
Recess: The House recessed at 5:20 p.m. and recon-
vened at 6:30 p.m.                                                    Page H7009 
Librarian of Congress Succession Modernization Act of 2015: The House agreed to discharge from 
committee and pass S. 2162, to establish a 10-year term for the service of the Librarian of Congress. 
                                                                                            Page H7012 
Quorum Calls—Votes: Three yea-and-nay votes de-
veloped during the proceedings of today and appear 
on pages H7010, H7011 and H7011–12. There were no quorum calls. 
Adjournment: The House met at 12 noon and ad-
journed at 8:56 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
EXAMINING LEGISLATIVE PROPOSALS TO 
COMBAT OUR NATION’S DRUG ABUSE CRISIS 
Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on 
Health reconvened a hearing entitled ‘‘Examining Legislative Proposals to Combat Our Nation’s Drug Abuse Crisis’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. SOAR REAUTHORIZATION ACT; DEFAULT 
PREVENTION ACT; AND NATIONAL STRATEGIC AND CRITICAL MINERALS PRODUCTION ACT OF 2015 
Committee on Rules: Full Committee held a hearing on 
H.R. 10, the ‘‘SOAR Reauthorization Act’’; H.R. 692, the ‘‘Default Prevention Act’’; and H.R. 1937, the ‘‘National Strategic and Critical Minerals Pro-duction Act of 2015’’. The committee granted, by voice vote, a structured rule for H.R. 10. The rule provides one hour of general debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Oversight and Gov-ernment Reform. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule provides that the amendments recommended by the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Reform now printed in the bill shall be considered as adopted, and the bill, as amended, shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against provisions in the bill, as amended. The rule makes in order only those further amendments printed in the Rules Committee report. Each such amendment may be of-fered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in the re-port, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. The rule waives all points of order against the amend-ments printed in the report. The rule provides one motion to recommit with or without instructions. Additionally, the rule grants a closed rule for H.R. 692. The rule provides one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking mi-nority member of the Committee on Ways and Means. The rule waives all points of order against 
consideration of the bill. The rule provides that the bill shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against provisions in the bill. The rule provides one motion to recommit. The Com-mittee granted, by voice vote, a structured rule for H.R. 1937. The rule provides one hour of general debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Natural Resources. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule pro-vides that the bill shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against provisions in the bill. The rule makes in order only those amend-ments printed in the Rules Committee report. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:49 Oct 21, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D20OC5.REC D20OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1104 October 20, 2015 
the report equally divided and controlled by the pro-
ponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. The rule waives all points of order against the amendments printed the report. The rule provides one motion to recommit with or without instructions. Testimony was heard from Chairman Chaffetz and Representatives Norton, Hastings, Brady of Texas, Levin, Lamborn, and Lowenthal. 
Joint Meetings 
EUROPE’S REFUGEE CRISIS 
Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe: Com-
mission concluded a hearing to examine Europe’s ref-ugee crisis, focusing on how the United States, Euro-pean Union, and the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe should respond, after receiv-ing testimony from Anne C. Richard, Assistant Sec-retary of State, Bureau of Population, Refugees, and Migration; Shelly Pitterman, Regional Representa-tive to the United States and Caribbean, Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refu-gees, David O’Sullivan, Ambassador of the European Union to the United States, and Djerdj Matkovic, Ambassador of the Republic of Serbia to the United States, all of Washington, D.C.; and Sean Callahan, Catholic Relief Services, Baltimore, Maryland. 
f 
NEW PUBLIC LAWS 
(For last listing of Public Laws, see DAILY DIGEST , p. D1094) 
H.R. 2835, to actively recruit members of the 
Armed Forces who are separating from military serv-ice to serve as Customs and Border Protection Offi-cers. Signed on October 16, 2015. (Public Law 114–68) 
S. 986, to require the Secretary of the Interior to 
take into trust 4 parcels of Federal land for the ben-efit of certain Indian Pueblos in the State of New Mexico. Signed on October 16, 2015. (Public Law 114–69) 
S. 1300, to amend the section 221 of the Immi-
gration and Nationality Act to provide relief for adoptive families from immigrant visa fees in certain situations. Signed on October 16, 2015. (Public Law 114–70) 
S. 2078, to reauthorize the United States Com-
mission on International Religious Freedom. Signed on October 16, 2015. (Public Law 114–71) COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR WEDNESDAY, 
OCTOBER 21, 2015 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry: to hold 
hearings to examine agriculture biotechnology, focusing on Federal regulation and stakeholder perspectives, 10 a.m., SD–106. 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Agri-
culture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Administra-tion, and Related Agencies, to hold hearings to examine a review of rural development in 21st century America, 10 a.m., SD–192. 
Committee on Armed Services: to hold hearings to examine 
the future of defense reform, 9:30 a.m., SH–216. 
Committee on the Budget: to hold hearings to examine re-
forming the Federal budget process, focusing on the need for action, 10:30 a.m., SD–608. 
Committee on Environment and Public Works: Sub-
committee on Superfund, Waste Management, and Regu-latory Oversight, to hold an oversight hearing to examine regulatory impact analyses for Environmental Protection Agency regulations, 10 a.m., SD–406. 
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: 
to hold hearings to examine ongoing migration from Central America, focusing on fiscal year 2015 apprehen-sions, 9:30 a.m., SD–342. 
Committee on Indian Affairs: business meeting to con-
sider S. 1419, to promote the academic achievement of American Indian, Alaska Native, and Native Hawaiian children with the establishment of a Native American language grant program, S. 1436, to require the Secretary of the Interior to take land into trust for certain Indian tribes, S. 1443, to amend the Indian Employment, Train-ing and Related Services Demonstration Act of 1992 to facilitate the ability of Indian tribes to integrate the em-ployment, training, and related services from diverse Fed-eral sources, S. 1761, to take certain Federal land located in Lassen County, California, into trust for the benefit of the Susanville Indian Rancheria, S. 1822, to take certain Federal land located in Tuolumne County, California, into trust for the benefit of the Tuolumne Band of Me-Wuk Indians, and H.R. 387, to provide for certain land to be taken into trust for the benefit of Morongo Band of Mis-sion Indians; to be immediately followed by an oversight hearing to examine the Government Accountability Of-fice report on Indian energy development, 2:15 p.m., SD–628. 
Committee on the Judiciary: to hold hearings to examine 
the nominations of Gary Richard Brown, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of New York, Rebecca Goodgame Ebinger, to be United States District Judge for the Southern District of Iowa, Leonard Terry Strand, of South Dakota, to be United States Dis-trict Judge for the Northern District of Iowa, and Mark A. Young, to be United States District Judge for the Central District of California, 10 a.m., SD–226. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:49 Oct 21, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D20OC5.REC D20OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1105 October 20, 2015 
Special Committee on Aging: to hold hearings to examine 
when computer tech support becomes a scam, 2:30 p.m., SD–562. 
House 
Committee on Agriculture, Full Committee, hearing enti-
tled ‘‘Foreign Subsidies: Jeopardizing Free Trade and Harming American Farmers’’, 10 a.m., 1300 Longworth. 
Committee on Armed Services, Full Committee, hearing 
entitled ‘‘Examining DOD Security Cooperation: When It Works and When It Doesn’t’’, 10:15 a.m., 2118 Ray-burn. 
Subcommittee on Tactical Air and Land Forces, heat-
ing entitled ‘‘Update on the F–35 Joint Strike Fighter Program’’, 3:30 p.m., 2212 Rayburn. 
Committee on Education and the Workforce, Subcommittee 
on Workforce Protections, hearing entitled ‘‘Protecting America’s Workers: Reviewing Mine Safety Policies with Stakeholders’’, 10 a.m., 2261 Rayburn. 
Committee on Energy and Commerce, Subcommittee on 
Commerce, Manufacturing, and Trade, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining Ways to Improve Vehicle and Roadway Safe-ty’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on Health, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining 
the Medicare Part D Medication Therapy Management Program’’, 10:15 a.m., 2322 Rayburn. 
Committee on Financial Services, Subcommittee on Finan-
cial Institutions and Consumer Credit, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining Legislative Proposals to Reduce Regulatory Burdens on Main Street Job Creators’’, 10 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on Housing and Insurance, hearing enti-
tled ‘‘The Future of Housing in America: Federal Hous-ing Reforms that Create Housing Opportunity’’, 2 p.m., 2128 Rayburn. 
Committee on Foreign Affairs, Subcommittee on Asia and 
the Pacific, hearing entitled ‘‘Burma’s Challenge: Democ-racy, Human Rights, Peace, and the Plight of the Rohingya’’, 10 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. 
Committee on Homeland Security, Full Committee, hearing 
entitled ‘‘Worldwide Threats and Homeland Security Challenges’’, 10 a.m., 311 Cannon. Committee on House Administration, Full Committee, 
markup on a committee resolution amending the Com-mittee’s regulations, and for other purposes, 10:15 a.m., 1310 Longworth. 
Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, Full Com-
mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘Secure Credentials Issued by the Government Publishing Office’’, 10 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on Information Technology, hearing en-
titled ‘‘Examining Law Enforcement Use of Cell Phone Tracking Devices’’, 2 p.m., 2154 Rayburn. 
Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, Subcommittee 
on Energy; and Subcommittee on Research and Tech-nology, joint hearing entitled ‘‘Cybersecurity for Power Systems’’, 10 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. 
Committee on Small Business, Full Committee, hearing 
entitled ‘‘The EMV Deadline and What It Means for Small Businesses: Part II’’, 11 a.m., 2360 Rayburn. 
Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, Sub-
committee on Water Resources and Environment, hearing entitled ‘‘Abandoned Mines in the United States and Op-portunities for Good Samaritan Cleanups’’, 10 a.m., 2167 Rayburn. 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, Full Committee, business 
meeting on motion to issue subpoenas to employees of Department of Veterans Affairs, to compel them to ap-pear and provide testimony to the House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs on the Inspector General’s final report, entitled ‘‘Inappropriate Use of Position and the Misuse of the Relocation Program and Incentives’’; hearing entitled ‘‘An Examination of the VA Office of Inspector General’s Final Report on the Inappropriate Use of Position and the Misuse of the Relocation Program and Incentives’’, 10:15 a.m., 334 Cannon. 
Joint Meetings 
Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe: to hold 
hearings to examine three case studies on Russian viola-tions of the rule of law, focusing on how the United States should respond, 2 p.m., 2255, Rayburn Building. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:49 Oct 21, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D20OC5.REC D20OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postage
is paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are
printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances when
two or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through
the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov , free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the
Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.
Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov . ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S.
Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made
payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing
each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents
in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from
the Congressional Record .
POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record , U.S. Government Publishing Office,
Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD1106 October 20, 2015 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 
9:30 a.m., Wednesday, October 21 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Wednesday: After the transaction of any 
morning business (not to extend beyond one hour), Senate will continue consideration of S. 754, Cybersecurity Infor-mation Sharing Act. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
10 a.m., Wednesday, October 21 
House Chamber 
Program for Wednesday: Consideration of H.R. 692— 
‘‘Default Prevention Act (Subject to a Rule) and H.R. 10—‘‘SOAR Reauthorization Act (Subject to a Rule). Consideration of the following measure under suspension of the rules: S. 1362—‘‘to amend title XI of the Social Security Act to clarify waiver authority regarding pro-grams of all-inclusive care for the elderly (PACE pro-grams). 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue. 
HOUSE 
Barr, Andy, Ky., E1486 
Brownley, Julia, Calif., E1483 Coffman, Mike, Colo., E1490 DelBene, Suzan K., Wash., E1483 Deutch, Theodore E., Fla., E1484 Esty, Elizabeth H., Conn., E1487 Fitzpatrick, Michael G., Pa., E1489 Hastings, Alcee L., Fla., E1488 Higgins, Brian, N.Y., E1482 Hinojosa, Rube ´n, Tex., E1484 Huffman, Jared, Calif., E1481 
Lieu, Ted, Calif., E1489 Loebsack, David, Iowa, E1482 Lowenthal, Alan S., Calif., E1489 McGovern, James P., Mass., E1491 McNerney, Jerry, Calif., E1491 Mica, John L., Fla., E1485 Miller, Jeff, Fla., E1484, E1484, E1486 Newhouse, Dan, Wash., E1491 Norton, Eleanor Holmes, The District of Columbia, 
E1487, E1488 
Olson, Pete, Tex., E1485, E1489 Perlmutter, Ed, Colo., E1482, E1483, E1484, E1484, 
E1485 
Reed, Tom, N.Y., E1488 Rogers, Harold, Ky., E1481 Ryan, Tim, Ohio, E1483 Sinema, Kyrsten, Ariz., E1486 Visclosky, Peter J., Ind., E1481, E1482 Walden, Greg, Ore., E1485 Wilson, Joe, S.C., E1490 Young, David, Iowa, E1485, E1486, E1487, E1488, E1488, 
E1489, E1489, E1490, E1491, E1491 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:49 Oct 21, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D20OC5.REC D20OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST