Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H159 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, FRIDAY, JANUARY 9, 2015 No. 4 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 9 a.m. and was 
called to order by the Speaker. 
f 
PRAYER 
Reverend Patrick Riffle, St. Peter’s 
Catholic Church, Washington, D.C., of-fered the following prayer: 
God, our father, You guide every-
thing in wisdom and love. ‘‘You are good and forgiving, full of love to all who call upon You.’’ 
We now praise You for that love and 
rejoice in Your abundant blessing. You call us today to grow in the knowledge of that love and invite us to receive Your blessings. 
Accept the prayers we offer for our 
beloved Nation; protect it and keep it ever in Your sight. Fill this House of Representatives with Your holy wis-dom, and may that wisdom lead to right action. 
Strengthen these Representatives 
and their staffs as they labor for the common good and for what is just in Your eyes. May true harmony, lasting freedom, and justice be secured for all so that there may be lasting peace. 
We ask this in Your most Holy Name. Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL 
The SPEAKER. The Chair has exam-
ined the Journal of the last day’s pro-ceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-
nal stands approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman 
from Pennsylvania (Mr. M ARINO ) come 
forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. 
Mr. MARINO led the Pledge of Alle-
giance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, 
indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
The SPEAKER. The Chair will enter-
tain up to 5 requests for 1-minute speeches on each side of the aisle. 
f 
FAREWELL, VERONICA KALTRIDER 
(Mr. WILSON of South Carolina 
asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. 
Speaker, I am grateful to express my appreciation for Major Veronica Kaltrider. Veronica has been on loan to the office of the Second District of South Carolina from the United States Marine Corps for the past year serving as a military fellow. 
Major Kaltrider enlisted in the 
United States Marine Corps in 1997 and received training the following year at the Marine Corps Recruit Depot at Par-ris Island, South Carolina. As the former Representative of this base, I know firsthand of the proficiency that Veronica has because of her training by the highest Marine Corps standards. Veronica’s ability to connect with vet-erans has been a tremendous asset to our office. 
Beginning this month, Veronica 
Kaltrider will serve as the manpower and personnel officer of the Marine Corps Office of Legislative Affairs. I wish her and her husband, Eric, a mili-tary police officer in the Marine Corps, all the best in the future. Godspeed. 
In conclusion, God bless our troops, 
and the President, by his actions, must never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. Our sympathy for the citizens of France fighting ter-rorism. RECOGNIZING JONATHAN STIVERS 
(Ms. PELOSI asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. PELOSI. Mr. Speaker, I come to 
the floor to celebrate the unanimous Senate confirmation of a public serv-ant of integrity, energy, expertise, and ability; a person of deep dedication to our country, to ending poverty, fight-ing disease, and advancing democracy; someone I have had the privilege to have on my staff for the past 15 years, the new assistant administrator for Asia at USAID: Jonathan Stivers. 
Over the years, Jon worked closely 
with USAID and congressional commit-tees to promote our national interests, fight poverty and disease around the world, and address ongoing challenges in global development across Asia. 
He played a central role in advancing 
foreign policy priorities of our country, especially in the fields of human rights, appropriations, HIV/AIDS, international trade, and in countries across the Asia-Pacific region. Many of our Republican colleagues know that Jon worked very much across the aisle on all of these issues. 
Jonathan’s professionalism and at-
tention to detail were unparalleled, and I can say with confidence on the most challenging and critical issues of our day, Jon Stivers consistently ex-hibits the leadership needed to improve the global community. 
Though we will miss his expertise 
and his experience, I am proud that he is serving these critical issues in his new position, and I wish him; his wife, Ramsey, who is here with us; his baby daughters, Josephine and Parker, all the best in their new adventures. 
Thank you, Jonathan Stivers. Con-
gratulations and good luck. 
f 
LAW ENFORCEMENT 
APPRECIATION DAY 
(Mr. GOODLATTE asked and was 
given permission to address the House 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:58 Jan 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09JA7.000 H09JAPT1EMCDONALD on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H160 January 9, 2015 
for 1 minute and to revise and extend 
his remarks.) 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, on 
Law Enforcement Appreciation Day, I want to extend my support and grati-tude to the law enforcement officers across the country who serve our com-munities and the American people daily. 
Our Nation was founded on the rule 
of law, and every day law enforcement officers carry out this legacy. They protect our neighborhoods from crimi-
nals, fight crime, ensure justice, and keep the peace. 
Sadly, many law enforcement offi-
cers have died in the line of duty. Last year 118 law enforcement officers died, including three from the Common-wealth of Virginia. Last year’s murder of two NYPD officers is a sober re-minder that our Nation’s law enforce-ment officers face danger every day as they carry out their duty to protect the American people. 
In the Gospel of John, we are told 
that there is no greater love than to lay down one’s life for one’s friends, and this is true of our Nation’s law en-forcement officers. Every day they risk their lives so that you and I may be safe from harm. 
These brave men and women are he-
roes and deserve to be recognized and honored for their service to our coun-try. 
f 
TAR SANDS TAX LOOPHOLE 
ELIMINATION ACT 
(Mr. BLUMENAUER asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, 
while I do not support the development of tar sands—an environmentally de-structive and carbon-intensive proc-ess—we should not continue a loophole that lets oil companies off the hook for covering destruction from oil spills. 
In 1990, we authorized the Oil Spill 
Liability Trust Fund for the immediate costs of cleaning up oil spills, and it is funded by an excise tax on crude oil and petroleum products, but the oil de-rived from tar sands that would be transported through the Keystone XL pipeline is not subject to this tax. 
Since that oil is a thick, sticky form 
of crude, more difficult and costly to clean up than other types of oil, the ex-emption makes no sense, especially if it is as safe as some allege. That is why yesterday I reintroduced the Tar Sands Tax Loophole Elimination Act, which would ensure that oil pays into the Oil Spill Liability Trust Fund that travels through this pipeline if it is ever con-structed. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
legislation. 
f 
READING THE CONSTITUTION 
(Ms. FOXX asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, in just a few 
minutes my colleagues and I will be following a tradition that we began 
when Republicans regained the major-ity in 2011 of reading the Constitution during the first week that we are back into session. I think this is a very im-portant tradition that we have estab-lished here in the House of Representa-tives. 
Our Speaker reminded us the other 
day that this is the first time in the history of the country that this has been done. This is our third Congress in a row to do this. 
All of us, or almost all of us, carry a 
copy of the pocket version of the Con-stitution with us to remind us why we are here and what undergirds every-thing that we do in this House and in this Congress. 
In the front of the copy I have, it 
says, ‘‘The Declaration of Independence was the promise; the Constitution was the fulfillment,’’ and there is a quote from Alexander Hamilton: ‘‘The sacred rights of mankind are not to be rum-maged for, among old parchments, or musty records. They are written, as with a sunbeam in the whole volume of human nature, by the hand of divinity itself; and can never be erased or ob-scured by the mortal power.’’ 
f 
CAMPAIGN FINANCE LAW 
(Mr. KILMER asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. KILMER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to call on this body to take up legislation to repeal the last-minute changes to campaign finance law that were tacked into a 1,600-page bill to fund the government this December. 
As a result of this legislation, the 
wealthiest donors can now each con-tribute more than $750,000 per year to a political party, more than seven times the previous cap. Worst of all, these changes were buried in a bill with no hearing and no public debate. In fact, Mr. Speaker, this body never even got a chance to vote on this provision since the bill was not considered under an open amendment process. 
In all the conversations that I have 
had with residents throughout Wash-ington State, I can tell you I have never heard anyone, Democrat or Re-publican, argue that the wealthy can’t spend enough on politics or that those with the deepest pockets don’t have enough influence in our Nation’s Cap-ital. 
That is why I have introduced the 
Close the Floodgates Act, to protect 
the interests of ‘‘We the People’’ and make sure that the wealthiest donors don’t get another chance to flood our elections with even more money and to undermine our democracy. 
Mr. Speaker, let’s take up this legis-
lation, strip out those loopholes, and get to work restoring the faith and trust of American voters. 
f 
DR. KENNETH COOPER 
(Mr. SESSIONS asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize a remarkable indi-vidual from Dallas, Texas, to recognize him for his introduction into the Na-tional Football Foundation’s Leader-ship Hall of Fame last night, January 8, 2015. 
I would like to thank Chairman Ar-
chie Manning, football player Troy Aikman, Mayor Tom and Laura Leppert, and football player Roger Staubach for recognizing Dr. Kenneth Cooper for his dedication to health and fitness and his continuing leadership to health care for all. 
Throughout Dr. Cooper’s career in 
the United States Air Force and in a medical career in Dallas, Texas, he has continued to revitalize health care and fitness. He is also the father of prevent-ative medicine and known as the father of aerobics, trying to make sure that the American people and the world un-derstand how important fitness is to our life and our health. 
I want to express my hearty con-
gratulations to Dr. Cooper on receiving this outstanding award on behalf of the National Football Foundation, and I hope the American people and, today, the United States Congress will do so as well. 
f 
FUNDING COLLEGE EDUCATION 
FOR ALL 
(Mr. COHEN asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, today the 
President will be speaking in Knox-ville, Tennessee, on extending college educations to Americans. 
I share with the President the goal of 
giving more Americans the oppor-tunity to go to college, but I would submit to him he should not be holding up the Tennessee Promise plan in Ten-nessee as an example. He should be holding up the Tennessee HOPE Lot-tery Scholarship program, which I worked 20 years to achieve in Ten-nessee and has provided over $3 billion to education, $250 million a year. 
Scholarship programs such as the 
President is talking about should have standards for students in high school 
to achieve to get a scholarship. They should have strong standards in college to maintain them. They should be in addition to Pell grants and in addition to other scholarships to pay for books and tuition. 
The Promise plan takes from middle 
class and lower income students and gives to higher income students, doesn’t have standards in high school to get the scholarship, and doesn’t have high standards to keep it. It is a last dollar scholarship. 
The President’s plan should be more 
like the Tennessee HOPE Lottery Scholarship: assure students have an incentive in high school to get it and incentives to keep it with high grade standards, and it shouldn’t go to for- profit schools, for that is an invitation to abuse. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:58 Jan 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09JA7.001 H09JAPT1EMCDONALD on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H161 January 9, 2015 
I thank the President for his commit-
ment, but I think he has the wrong pro-gram as his model. 
f 
FUNDING AMNESTY FOR ILLEGAL 
IMMIGRANTS 
(Mrs. ROBY asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mrs. ROBY. Mr. Speaker, President 
Obama’s attempt to bypass Congress and grant amnesty to millions of ille-gal immigrants is wrong and dan-gerous. It undermines the rule of law and threatens American jobs. 
That is why right now several of my 
colleagues and I, including fellow ap-propriators, are putting the finishing touches on a plan that will wield the power of the purse to block executive amnesty. 
I believe we have a solid strategy. We 
wanted to put forward the simplest, most straightforward bill language that could defund the President’s im-migration actions. Thankfully my own Alabama Senator, J
EFFSESSIONS , had 
already generated some great model language doing just that, so we crafted that into the House bill. 
We are still working on it, but I am 
confident that strong defund language will be presented to this House for in-clusion in the Homeland appropriations title. 
I believe the will of Congress must be 
to fund Homeland Security and its im-portant functions, but to specifically block implementation of President Obama’s unconstitutional immigration orders. 
f 
b0915 
READING OF THE CONSTITUTION 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
HULTGREN ). Pursuant to section 5 of 
House Resolution 5, the Chair now rec-ognizes the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ) for the reading of the 
Constitution. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, this 
morning, for the third time in the his-tory of the House of Representatives, we will read aloud on the floor of the House the full text of the United States Constitution. 
It is our hope that this reading will 
help demonstrate to the American peo-ple that the House of Representatives is dedicated to the Constitution and the system it establishes for limited government and the protection of indi-vidual liberty. We also hope that it will inspire many more Americans to read the Constitution themselves. 
The text we will read today reflects 
the changes to the document made by the 27 amendments to it. Those por-tions superseded by amendment will not be read. 
In order to ensure fairness to all 
those interested in participating, we have asked Members to line up to be recognized on a first-come, first-served basis. I will recognize Members based on this guidance. Each Member will ap-
proach the podium and read the pas-sage laid out for him or her. 
In order to ensure relative parity and 
fairness, I may recognize Members out of order in order to ensure bipartisan-ship and balance. Additionally, because of his long-term leadership on civil rights issues, I will recognize the gen-tleman from Georgia, Representative J
OHN LEWIS, to read the Thirteenth 
Amendment. 
I want to thank the Members of both 
parties for their participation in this historic event. I will begin by recog-nizing the gentleman from Ohio, Speaker B
OEHNER , to read the preamble 
to the Constitution: 
Mr. BOEHNER. ‘‘We the People of 
the United States, in order to form a more perfect Union, establish justice, insure domestic tranquility, provide for the common defence, promote the general welfare, and secure the bless-ings of liberty to ourselves and our pos-terity, do ordain and establish this Constitution for the United States of America.’’ 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Article I, section 
1: 
‘‘All legislative powers herein grant-
ed shall be vested in a Congress of the United States, which shall consist of a Senate and House of Representatives.’’ 
I now yield to the majority leader, 
the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCARTHY ). 
Mr. M CCARTHY. Section 2: 
‘‘The House of Representatives shall 
be composed of Members chosen every second year by the people of the sev-eral States, and the electors in each State shall have the qualifications req-uisite for electors of the most numer-ous branch of the State legislature.’’ 
Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the 
gentleman from Maryland (Mr. H
OYER ), 
the minority whip. 
Mr. HOYER. ‘‘No person shall be a 
Representative who shall not have at-tained to the age of twenty-five years, and been seven years a citizen of the United States, and who shall not, when elected, be an inhabitant of that State in which he shall be chosen. 
‘‘The actual enumeration shall be 
made within three years after the first meeting of the Congress of the United States, and within every subsequent term of ten years, in such manner as they shall by law direct.’’ 
Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the 
gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. S
CA-
LISE), the majority whip. 
Mr. SCALISE. ‘‘The number of Rep-
resentatives shall not exceed one for every thirty-thousand, but each State shall have at least one Representative; and until such enumeration shall be made, the State of New Hampshire shall be entitled to chuse three, Massa-chusetts eight, Rhode-Island and Provi-dence Plantations one, Connecticut five, New-York six, New Jersey four, Pennsylvania eight, Delaware one, Maryland six, Virginia ten, North Carolina five, South Carolina five, and Georgia three.’’ Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the 
gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. C
OHEN ). 
Mr. COHEN. ‘‘When vacancies happen 
in the representation from any State, the executive authority thereof shall issue writs of election to fill such va-cancies. 
‘‘The House of Representatives shall 
chuse their Speaker and other officers; and shall have the sole power of im-peachment.’’ 
Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the 
gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. W
ILSON ). 
Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Sec-
tion 3: 
‘‘The Senate of the United States 
shall be composed of two Senators from each State, for six years; and each Sen-ator shall have one vote. 
‘‘Immediately after they shall be as-
sembled in consequence of the first election, they shall be divided as equal-ly as may be into three classes.’’ 
Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the 
gentleman from California (Mr. G
ARAMENDI ). 
Mr. GARAMENDI. ‘‘The seats of the 
Senators of the first class shall be va-cated at the expiration of the second year, of the second class at the expira-tion of the fourth year, and of the third class at the expiration of the sixth year, so that one-third may be chosen every second year.’’ 
Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the 
gentlewoman from North Carolina (Ms. F
OXX). 
Ms. FOXX. ‘‘No person shall be a 
Senator who shall not have attained to the age of thirty years, and been nine years a citizen of the United States, and who shall not, when elected, be an inhabitant of that State for which he shall be chosen.’’ 
Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the 
gentleman from Florida (Mr. D
EUTCH ). 
Mr. DEUTCH. ‘‘The Vice President of 
the United States shall be President of the Senate, but shall have no vote, un-less they be equally divided. 
‘‘The Senate shall chuse their other 
officers, and also a President pro tem-pore, in the absence of the Vice Presi-dent, or when he shall exercise the of-fice of President of the United States.’’ 
Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the 
gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. F
LEISCHMANN ). 
Mr. FLEISCHMANN. ‘‘The Senate 
shall have the sole power to try all im-peachments. When sitting for that pur-pose, they shall be on oath or affirma-tion. When the President of the United States is tried, the Chief Justice shall preside: and no person shall be con-victed without the concurrence of two thirds of the Members present.’’ 
Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the 
gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. D
IN-
GELL ). 
Mrs. DINGELL. ‘‘Judgment in cases 
of impeachment shall not extend fur-ther than to removal from office, and disqualification to hold and enjoy any office of honor, trust or profit under the United States: but the party con-victed shall nevertheless be liable and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:58 Jan 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09JA7.003 H09JAPT1EMCDONALD on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H162 January 9, 2015 
subject to indictment, trial, judgment 
and punishment, according to law.’’ 
Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the 
gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. M
ARINO ). 
Mr. MARINO. Section 4: ‘‘The times, places and manner of 
holding elections for Senators and Rep-resentatives, shall be prescribed in each State by the legislature thereof; but the Congress may at any time by law make or alter such regulations, ex-cept as to the places of chusing Sen-ators.’’ 
Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the 
gentlewoman from Ohio (Mrs. B
EATTY ). 
Mrs. BEATTY. Section 5: ‘‘Each House shall be the judge of the 
elections, returns and qualifications of its own Members, and a majority of each shall constitute a quorum to do business; but a smaller number may adjourn from day to day, and may be authorized to compel the attendance of absent Members, in such manner, and under such penalties as each House may provide.’’ 
Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the 
gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. C
OSTELLO ). 
Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. 
‘‘Each House may determine the rules of its proceedings, punish its Members for disorderly behaviour, and, with the concurrence of two thirds, expel a Member.’’ 
Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the 
gentleman from Oregon (Mr. B
LU-
MENAUER ). 
Mr. BLUMENAUER. ‘‘Each House 
shall keep a Journal of its proceedings, and from time to time publish the same, excepting such parts as may in their judgment require secrecy; and the yeas and nays of the Members of either House on any question shall, at the de-sire of one fifth of those present, be en-tered on the Journal.’’ 
Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the 
gentleman from Ohio (Mr. W
ENSTRUP ). 
Mr. WENSTRUP. ‘‘Neither House, 
during the session of Congress, shall, without the consent of the other, ad-journ for more than three days, nor to any other place than that in which the two Houses shall be sitting.’’ 
Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the 
gentleman from Virginia (Mr. S
COTT). 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Section 6: ‘‘The Senators and Representatives 
shall receive a compensation for their services, to be ascertained by law, and paid out of the Treasury of the United States. They shall in all cases, except treason, felony and breach of the peace, be privileged from arrest during their attendance at the session of their re-spective Houses, and in going to and re-turning from the same; and for any speech or debate in either House, they shall not be questioned in any other place.’’ 
Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the 
gentleman from Ohio (Mr. L
ATTA ). 
Mr. LATTA. ‘‘No Senator or Rep-
resentative shall, during the time for which he was elected, be appointed to any civil office under the authority of the United States, which shall have 
been created, or the emoluments whereof shall have been encreased dur-ing such time; and no person holding any office under the United States, shall be a Member of either House dur-ing his continuance in office.’’ 
Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the 
gentlewoman from Oregon (Ms. B
ONAMICI ). 
Ms. BONAMICI. Section 7: ‘‘All bills for raising revenue shall 
originate in the House of Representa-tives; but the Senate may propose or concur with amendments as on other bills.’’ 
Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the 
gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. G
UTH-
RIE). 
Mr. GUTHRIE. ‘‘Every bill which 
shall have passed the House of Rep-resentatives and the Senate, shall, be-fore it become a law, be presented to the President of the United States: if he approve he shall sign it, but if not he shall return it, with his objections to that House in which it shall have originated, who shall enter the objec-tions at large on their Journal, and proceed to reconsider it.’’ 
Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the 
gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. W
ALZ). 
Mr. WALZ. ‘‘If after such reconsider-
ation two thirds of that House shall agree to pass the bill, it shall be sent, together with the objections, to the other House, by which it shall likewise be reconsidered, and if approved by two thirds of that House, it shall become a law.’’ 
Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the 
gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. H
ILL). 
Mr. HILL. ‘‘But in all such cases the 
votes of both Houses shall be deter-mined by yeas and nays, and the names of the persons voting for and against the bill shall be entered on the Journal of each House respectively.’’ 
Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the 
gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. P
AS-
CRELL ). 
Mr. PASCRELL. ‘‘If any bill shall 
not be returned by the President with-in ten days (Sundays excepted) after it shall have been presented to him, the same shall be a law, in like manner as if he had signed it, unless the Congress by their adjournment prevent its re-turn, in which case it shall not be a law.’’ 
b0930 
Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the 
gentleman from Michigan (Mr. B
ENISHEK ). 
Mr. BENISHEK. ‘‘Every order, reso-
lution, or vote to which the concur-rence of the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives may be necessary (except on a question of adjournment) shall be presented to the President of the United States; and before the same shall take effect, shall be approved by him, or being disapproved by him, shall be repassed by two thirds of the Senate and House of Representatives, accord-ing to the rules and limitations pre-scribed in the case of a bill.’’ Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the 
gentlewoman from Ohio (Ms. K
APTUR ). 
Ms. KAPTUR. Section 8: ‘‘The Congress shall have power to 
lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts and excises, to pay the debts and pro-vide for the common defence and gen-eral welfare of the United States; but all duties, imposts and excises shall be uniform throughout the United States; . . .’’ 
Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the 
gentleman from Texas (Mr. H
EN-
SARLING ). 
Mr. HENSARLING. ‘‘. . . to borrow 
money on the credit of the United States; 
‘‘To regulate commerce with foreign 
nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes; 
‘‘To establish an uniform rule of nat-
uralization, and uniform laws on the subject of bankruptcies throughout the United States; . . .’’ 
Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the 
gentleman from Virginia (Mr. C
ON-
NOLLY ). 
Mr. CONNOLLY. ‘‘. . . to coin 
money, regulate the value thereof, and of foreign coin, and fix the standard of weights and measures; 
‘‘To provide for the punishment of 
counterfeiting the securities and cur-rent coin of the United States; 
‘‘To establish post offices and post 
roads; . . .’’ 
Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the 
gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. L
ANCE ). 
Mr. LANCE. ‘‘. . . to promote the 
progress of science and useful arts, by securing for limited times to authors and inventors the exclusive right to their respective writings and discov-eries; . . .’’ 
Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the 
gentlewoman from Hawaii (Ms. G
ABBARD ). 
Ms. GABBARD. ‘‘. . . to constitute 
tribunals inferior to the supreme Court; 
‘‘To define and punish piracies and 
felonies committed on the high seas, and offences against the law of nations; . . .’’ 
Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the 
gentleman from Georgia (Mr. A
LLEN ). 
Mr. ALLEN. ‘‘. . . to declare war, 
grant letters of marque and reprisal, and make rules concerning captures on land and water; 
‘‘To raise and support armies, but no 
appropriation of money to that use shall be for a longer term than two years; . . .’’ 
Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the 
gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. G
RA-
HAM). 
Ms. GRAHAM. ‘‘. . . to provide and 
maintain a navy; 
‘‘To make rules for the government 
and regulation of the land and naval forces; 
‘‘To provide for calling forth the mi-
litia to execute the laws of the Union, suppress insurrections and repel inva-sions; . . .’’ 
Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the 
gentleman from Washington (Mr. N
EWHOUSE ). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Jan 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09JA7.004 H09JAPT1EMCDONALD on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H163 January 9, 2015 
Mr. NEWHOUSE. ‘‘. . . to provide for 
organizing, arming, and disciplining, the militia, and for governing such part of them as may be employed in the service of the United States, re-serving to the States respectively, the appointment of the officers, and the authority of training the militia ac-cording to the discipline prescribed by Congress; . . .’’ 
Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the 
gentleman from New York (Mr. S
ERRANO ). 
Mr. SERRANO. ‘‘. . . to exercise ex-
clusive legislation in all cases whatso-ever, over such district (not exceeding ten miles square) as may, by cession of particular States, and the acceptance of Congress, become the seat of the Government of the United States, and to exercise like authority over all places purchased by the consent of the legislature of the State in which the same shall be, for the erection of forts, magazines, arsenals, dock-yards, and other needful buildings; . . .’’ 
Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the 
gentleman from Nebraska (Mr. S
MITH). 
Mr. SMITH of Nebraska. ‘‘. . . and to 
make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing powers, and all other powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any department or officer there-of.’’ 
Section 9: ‘‘The migration or importation of 
such persons as any of the States now existing shall think proper to admit, shall not be prohibited by the Congress prior to the year one thousand eight hundred and eight, but a tax or duty may be imposed on such importation, not exceeding ten dollars for each per-son.’’ 
Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the 
gentleman from Texas (Mr. G
ENE 
GREEN ). 
Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. ‘‘The 
privilege of the writ of habeas corpus shall not be suspended, unless when in cases of rebellion or invasion the pub-lic safety may require it. 
‘‘No bill of attainder or ex post facto 
law shall be passed. 
‘‘No capitation, or other direct, tax 
shall be laid, unless in proportion to the census or enumeration herein be-fore directed to be taken. 
‘‘No tax or duty shall be laid on arti-
cles exported from any State.’’ 
Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the 
gentleman from New Mexico (Mr. P
EARCE ). 
Mr. PEARCE. ‘‘No preference shall be 
given by any regulation of commerce or revenue to the ports of one State over those of another; nor shall vessels bound to, or from, one State, be obliged to enter, clear, or pay duties in an-other. 
‘‘No money shall be drawn from the 
Treasury, but in consequence of appro-priations made by law; and a regular statement and account of the receipts and expenditures of all public money shall be published from time to time.’’ Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the 
gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. L
AWRENCE ). 
Mrs. LAWRENCE. ‘‘No title of nobil-
ity shall be granted by the United States: and no person holding any of-fice of profit or trust under them, shall, without the consent of the Con-gress, accept of any present, emolu-ment, office, or title, of any kind what-ever, from any king, prince, or foreign state.’’ 
Section 10: ‘‘No State shall enter into any trea-
ty, alliance, or confederation; grant letters of marque and reprisal; coin money; emit bills of credit; make any thing but gold and silver coin a tender in payment of debts; pass any bill of at-tainder, ex post facto law, or law im-pairing the obligation of contracts, or grant any title of nobility.’’ 
Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the 
gentleman from Alabama (Mr. B
YRNE ). 
Mr. BYRNE. ‘‘No State shall, without 
the consent of the Congress, lay any imposts or duties on imports or ex-ports, except what may be absolutely necessary for executing its inspection laws: and the net produce of all duties and imposts, laid by any State on im-ports or exports, shall be for the use of the Treasury of the United States; and all such laws shall be subject to the re-vision and controul of the Congress. 
‘‘No State shall, without the consent 
of Congress, lay any duty of tonnage, keep troops, or ships of war in time of peace, enter into any agreement or compact with another State, or with a foreign power, or engage in war, unless actually invaded, or in such imminent danger as will not admit of delay.’’ 
Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the 
gentlewoman from Illinois (Ms. K
ELLY ). 
Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Article II, sec-
tion 1: 
‘‘The executive power shall be vested 
in a President of the United States of America. He shall hold his office dur-ing the term of four years, and, to-gether with the Vice President, chosen for the same term, be elected, as fol-lows: 
‘‘Each State shall appoint, in such 
manner as the legislature thereof may direct, a number of electors, equal to the whole number of Senators and Rep-resentatives to which the State may be entitled in the Congress: but no Sen-ator or Representative, or person hold-ing an office or trust or profit under the United States, shall be appointed an elector.’’ 
Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the 
gentleman from Virginia (Mr. F
ORBES ). 
Mr. FORBES. ‘‘The Congress may de-
termine the time of chusing the elec-tors, and the day on which they shall give their votes; which day shall be the same throughout the United States. 
‘‘No person except a natural born cit-
izen, or a citizen of the United States, at the time of the adoption of this Con-stitution, shall be eligible to the office of President; neither shall any person be eligible to that office who shall not have attained to the age of thirty five 
years, and been fourteen years a resi-dent within the United States.’’ 
Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the 
gentleman from California (Mr. T
AKANO ). 
Mr. TAKANO. ‘‘The President shall, 
at stated times, receive for his serv-ices, a compensation, which shall nei-ther be increased nor diminished dur-ing the period for which he shall have been elected, and he shall not receive within that period any other emolu-ment from the United States, or any of them. 
‘‘Before he enter on the execution of 
his office, he shall take the following oath or affirmation:—‘I do solemnly swear (or affirm) that I will faithfully execute the office of President of the United States, and will to the best of my ability, preserve, protect and de-fend the Constitution of the United States.’’’ 
Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the 
gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. P
AUL-
SEN). 
Mr. PAULSEN. Section 2: ‘‘The President shall be Commander 
in Chief of the Army and Navy of the United States, and of the militia of the several States, when called into the ac-tual service of the United States; he may require the opinion, in writing, of the principal officer in each of the ex-ecutive departments, upon any subject relating to the duties of their respec-tive offices, and he shall have power to grant reprieves and pardons for offences against the United States, ex-cept in cases of impeachment.’’ 
Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the 
gentlewoman from California (Mrs. C
APPS ). 
Mrs. CAPPS. ‘‘He shall have power, 
by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, to make treaties, provided two thirds of the Senators present con-cur; and he shall nominate, and by and with the advice and consent of the Sen-ate, shall appoint ambassadors, other public ministers and consuls, judges of the supreme Court, and all other offi-cers of the United States, whose ap-pointments are not herein otherwise provided for, and which shall be estab-lished by law: . . . ’’ 
Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the 
gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. R
OTHFUS ). 
Mr. ROTHFUS. ‘‘. . . but the Con-
gress may by law vest the appointment of such inferior officers, as they think proper, in the President alone, in the courts of law, or in the heads of depart-ments. 
‘‘The President shall have power to 
fill up all vacancies that may happen during the recess of the Senate, by granting commissions which shall ex-pire at the end of their next session.’’ 
Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the 
gentlewoman from New Mexico (Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM ). 
Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of 
New Mexico. Section 3: 
‘‘He shall from time to time give the 
Congress information of the State of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Jan 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09JA7.006 H09JAPT1EMCDONALD on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H164 January 9, 2015 
the Union, and recommend to their 
consideration such measures as he shall judge necessary and expedient; 
‘‘He may, on extraordinary occa-
sions, convene both Houses, or either of them, and in case of disagreement be-tween them, with respect to the time of adjournment, he may adjourn them to such time as he shall think proper; ...  ’ ’  
b0945 
Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the 
gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. R
OE). 
Mr. ROE of Tennessee. ‘‘. . . he shall 
receive ambassadors and other public ministers; he shall take care that the laws be faithfully executed, and shall commission all the officers of the United States.’’ 
Section 4: ‘‘The President, Vice President and 
all civil officers of the United States, shall be removed from office on im-peachment for, and conviction of, trea-son, bribery, or other high crimes and misdemeanors.’’ 
Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the 
gentleman from New York (Mr. N
AD-
LER). 
Mr. NADLER. Article III, section 1: ‘‘The judicial power of the United 
States shall be vested in one supreme Court, and in such inferior Courts as the Congress may from time to time ordain and establish. The judges, both of the supreme and inferior Courts, shall hold their offices during good be-haviour, and shall, at stated times, re-ceive for their services a compensation, which shall not be diminished during their continuance in office.’’ 
Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the 
gentleman from Michigan (Mr. B
ISHOP ). 
Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. Section 2: ‘‘The judicial power shall extend to 
all cases, in law and equity, arising under this Constitution, the laws of the United States, and treaties made, or which shall be made, under their au-thority;—to all cases affecting ambas-sadors, other public ministers and con-suls;—to all cases of admiralty and maritime jurisdiction; . . . ’’ 
Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the 
gentlewoman from Arizona (Mrs. K
IRK-
PATRICK ). 
Mrs. KIRKPATRICK. ‘‘. . . to con-
troversies to which the United States shall be a party;—to controversies be-tween two or more States,—between citizens of different States,—between citizens of the same State claiming lands under grants of different States, and between a State, or the citizens thereof, and foreign states, citizens or subjects.’’ 
Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the 
gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. P
ERRY ). 
Mr. PERRY. ‘‘In all cases affecting 
ambassadors, other public ministers and consuls, and those in which a State shall be party, the supreme Court shall have original jurisdiction. In all other cases before mentioned, the supreme Court shall have appellate jurisdiction, both as to law and fact, with such ex-ceptions, and under such regulations as 
the Congress shall make.’’ 
Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the 
gentleman from New York (Mr. T
ONKO ). 
Mr. TONKO. ‘‘The trial of all crimes, 
except in cases of impeachment, shall be by jury; and such trial shall be held in the State where the said crimes shall have been committed; but when not committed within any State, the trial shall be at such place or places as the Congress may by law have di-rected.’’ 
Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the 
gentlewoman from Tennessee (Mrs. B
LACK ). 
Mrs. BLACK. Section 3: ‘‘Treason against the United States, 
shall consist only in levying war against them, or in adhering to their enemies, giving them aid and comfort. No person shall be convicted of treason unless on the testimony of two wit-nesses to the same overt act, or on con-fession in open court.’’ 
Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the 
gentleman from California (Mr. C
OSTA ). 
Mr. COSTA. ‘‘The Congress shall 
have power to declare the punishment of treason, but no attainder of treason shall work corruption of blood, or for-feiture except during the life of the person attainted.’’ 
Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the 
gentleman from Virginia (Mr. H
URT). 
Mr. HURT of Virginia. Article IV, 
section 1: 
‘‘Full faith and credit shall be given 
in each State to the public acts, records, and judicial proceedings of every other State. And the Congress may by general laws prescribe the manner in which such acts, records and proceedings shall be proved, and the ef-fect thereof.’’ 
Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the 
gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. C
AS-
TOR). 
Ms. CASTOR of Florida. Section 2: ‘‘The citizens of each State shall be 
entitled to all privileges and immuni-ties of citizens in the several States. 
‘‘A person charged in any State with 
treason, felony, or other crime, who shall flee from justice and be found in another State, shall on demand of the executive authority of the State from which he fled, be delivered up, to be re-moved to the State having jurisdiction of the crime.’’ 
Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the 
gentleman from Michigan (Mr. W
ALBERG ). 
Mr. WALBERG. Section 3: ‘‘New States may be admitted by the 
Congress into this Union; but no new State shall be formed or erected within the jurisdiction of any other State; nor any State be formed by the junction of two or more States, or parts of States, without the consent of the legislatures of the States concerned as well as of the Congress.’’ 
Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the 
gentleman from Illinois (Mr. L
IPINSKI ). 
Mr. LIPINSKI. ‘‘The Congress shall 
have power to dispose of and make all needful rules and regulations respect-ing the territory or other property be-
longing to the United States; and noth-ing in this Constitution shall be so con-strued as to prejudice any claims of the United States, or of any particular State.’’ 
Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the 
gentleman from New York (Mr. Z
ELDIN ). 
Mr. ZELDIN. Section 4: ‘‘The United States shall guarantee 
to every State in this Union a Repub-lican form of government, and shall protect each of them against invasion; and on application of the legislature, or of the executive (when the legisla-ture cannot be convened), against do-mestic violence.’’ 
Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the 
gentleman from Georgia (Mr. D
AVID 
SCOTT). 
Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia. Arti-
cle V: 
‘‘The Congress, whenever two thirds 
of both Houses shall deem it necessary, shall propose amendments to this Con-stitution, or, on the application of the legislatures of two thirds of the several States, shall call a convention for pro-posing amendments, which, in either case, shall be valid to all intents and purposes, as part of this Constitution, when ratified by the legislatures of three fourths of the several States ...  ’ ’  
Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the 
gentleman from Georgia (Mr. J
ODY B. 
HICE). 
Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. ‘‘. . . 
or by conventions in three fourths thereof, as the one or the other mode of ratification may be proposed by the Congress; provided that no amendment which may be made prior to the year one thousand eight hundred and eight shall in any manner affect the first and fourth clauses in the ninth section of the first article; and that no State, without its consent, shall be deprived of its equal suffrage in the Senate.’’ 
Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the 
gentleman from California (Mr. V
ARGAS ). 
Mr. VARGAS. Article VI: 
‘‘All debts contracted and engage-
ments entered into, before the adoption of this Constitution, shall be as valid against the United States under this Constitution, as under the Confed-eration.’’ 
Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the 
gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. A
BRA-
HAM). 
Mr. ABRAHAM. ‘‘This Constitution, 
and the laws of the United States which shall be made in pursuance thereof; and all treaties made, or which shall be made, under the authority of the United States, shall be the supreme law of the land; and the judges in every State shall be bound thereby, any thing in the Constitution or laws of any State to the contrary notwith-standing.’’ 
Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the 
gentleman from Texas (Mr. C
ASTRO ). 
Mr. CASTRO of Texas. ‘‘The Senators 
and Representatives before mentioned, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Jan 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09JA7.007 H09JAPT1EMCDONALD on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H165 January 9, 2015 
and the members of the several State 
legislatures, and all executive and judi-cial officers, both of the United States and of the several States, shall be bound by oath or affirmation, to sup-port this Constitution; but no religious test shall ever be required as a quali-fication to any office or public trust under the United States.’’ 
Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the 
gentleman from California (Mr. L
OWENTHAL ). 
Mr. LOWENTHAL. Article VII: ‘‘The ratification of the conventions 
of nine States, shall be sufficient for the establishment of this Constitution between the States so ratifying the same.’’ 
Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the 
gentleman from Michigan (Mr. M
OOLENAAR ). 
Mr. MOOLENAAR. ‘‘Done in conven-
tion by the unanimous consent of the States present the seventeenth day of September in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven and of the independence of the United States of America the twelfth in witness whereof we have hereunto subscribed our names.’’ 
Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the 
gentlewoman from Connecticut (Ms. E
STY). 
Ms. ESTY. George Washington, 
President and deputy from Virginia. 
Delaware: George Read, Gunning 
Bedford, Jr., John Dickinson, Richard Bassett, Jacob Broom. 
Maryland: James McHenry, Daniel of 
St Thomas Jenifer, Daniel Carroll. 
Virginia: John Blair, James Madison, 
Jr. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the 
gentleman from Oregon (Mr. W
ALDEN ). 
Mr. WALDEN. North Carolina: Wil-
liam Blount, Richard Dobbs Spaight, Hugh Williamson. 
South Carolina: John Rutledge, 
Charles Cotesworth Pinckney, Charles Pinckney, Pierce Butler. 
Georgia: William Few, Abraham 
Baldwin. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the 
gentleman from California (Mr. M
CNERNEY ). 
Mr. M CNERNEY. New Hampshire: 
John Langdon, Nicholas Gilman. 
Massachusetts: Nathaniel Gorham, 
Rufus King. 
Connecticut: William Samuel John-
son, Roger Sherman. 
New York: Alexander Hamilton. Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the 
gentlewoman from Alabama (Mrs. R
OBY). 
Mrs. ROBY. New Jersey: William Liv-
ingston, David Brearley, William Paterson, Jonathan Dayton. 
Pennsylvania: Benjamin Franklin, 
Thomas Mifflin, Robert Morris, George Clymer, Thomas FitzSimons, Jared In-gersoll, James Wilson, Gouverneur Morris. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the 
gentlewoman from California (Ms. H
AHN). 
Ms. HAHN. Amendment I: ‘‘Congress shall make no law respect-
ing an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or 
abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press; or the right of the people peaceably to assemble, and to petition the government for a redress of griev-ances.’’ 
Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the 
gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. J
ENKINS ). 
Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia. 
Amendment II: 
‘‘A well regulated militia, being nec-
essary to the security of a free State, the right of the people to keep and bear arms, shall not be infringed.’’ 
Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the 
gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON  
LEE). 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Amendment III: ‘‘No soldier shall, in time of peace be 
quartered in any house, without the consent of the owner, nor in time of war, but in a manner to be prescribed by law.’’ 
b1000 
Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the 
gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. R
OUZER ). 
Mr. ROUZER. Amendment IV: ‘‘The right of the people to be secure 
in their persons, houses, papers, and ef-fects, against unreasonable searches and seizures, shall not be violated, and no warrants shall issue, but upon prob-able cause, supported by oath or affir-mation, and particularly describing the place to be searched, and the persons or things to be seized.’’ 
Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the 
gentleman from Delaware (Mr. C
AR-
NEY). 
Mr. CARNEY. Amendment V: ‘‘No person shall be held to answer 
for a capital, or otherwise infamous crime, unless on a presentment or in-dictment of a grand jury, except in cases arising in the land or naval forces, or in the militia, when in actual service in time of war or public danger; ...  ’ ’  
Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the 
gentleman from Arizona (Mr. F
RANKS ). 
Mr. FRANKS of Arizona. ‘‘. . . nor 
shall any person be subject for the same offence to be twice put in jeop-ardy of life or limb; nor shall be com-pelled in any criminal case to be a wit-ness against himself, nor be deprived of life, liberty, or property, without due process of law; nor shall private prop-erty be taken for public use, without just compensation.’’ 
Mr. GOODLATTE. I yield to the gen-
tleman from Minnesota (Mr. E
MMER ). 
Mr. EMMER. Amendment VI: ‘‘In all criminal prosecutions, the ac-
cused shall enjoy the right to a speedy and public trial, by an impartial jury of the State and district wherein the crime shall have been committed, which district shall have been pre-viously ascertained by law, . . . ’’ 
Mr. GOODLATTE. I yield to the gen-
tlewoman from California (Ms. C
HU). 
Ms. JUDY CHU of California. ‘‘. . . 
and to be informed of the nature and cause of the accusation; to be con-fronted with the witnesses against him; 
to have compulsory process for obtain-ing witnesses in his favor, and to have the assistance of counsel for his defence.’’ 
Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the 
gentlewoman from Indiana (Mrs. W
ALORSKI ). 
Mrs. WALORSKI. Amendment VII: ‘‘In suits at common law, where the 
value in controversy shall exceed twen-ty dollars, the right of trial by jury shall be preserved, and no fact tried by a jury, shall be otherwise reexamined in any court of the United States, than according to the rules of the common law.’’ 
Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the 
gentlewoman from Washington (Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS ), the Republican 
Conference chair. 
Mrs. M CMORRIS RODGERS. Amend-
ment VIII: 
‘‘Excessive bail shall not be required, 
nor excessive fines imposed, nor cruel and unusual punishments inflicted.’’ 
Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the 
gentleman from Colorado (Mr. P
ERL-
MUTTER ). 
Mr. PERLMUTTER. Amendment IX: ‘‘The enumeration in the Constitu-
tion, of certain rights, shall not be con-strued to deny or disparage others re-tained by the people.’’ 
Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the 
gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. P
ITTS). 
Mr. PITTS. Amendment X: ‘‘The powers not delegated to the 
United States by the Constitution, nor prohibited by it to the States, are re-served to the States respectively, or to the people.’’ 
Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the 
gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. F
RANKEL ). 
Ms. FRANKEL of Florida. Amend-
ment XI: 
‘‘The judicial power of the United 
States shall not be construed to extend to any suit in law or equity, com-menced or prosecuted against one of the United States by citizens of an-other State, or by citizens or subjects of any foreign state.’’ 
Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the 
gentleman from Texas (Mr. F
LORES ). 
Mr. FLORES. Amendment XII: ‘‘The electors shall meet in their re-
spective States and vote by ballot for President and Vice-President, one of whom, at least, shall not be an inhab-itant of the same State with them-selves; they shall name in their ballots the person voted for as President, and in distinct ballots the person voted for as Vice-President, . . .’’ 
Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the 
gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. E
LLI-
SON). 
Mr. ELLISON. ‘‘. . . and they shall 
make distinct lists of all persons voted for as President, and of all persons voted for as Vice-President, and of the number of votes for each, which lists they shall sign and certify, and trans-mit sealed to the seat of the govern-ment of the United States, directed to the President of the Senate; . . .’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Jan 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09JA7.009 H09JAPT1EMCDONALD on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H166 January 9, 2015 
Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the 
gentleman from Utah (Mr. S TEWART ). 
Mr. STEWART. ‘‘. . . the President 
of the Senate shall, in the presence of the Senate and House of Representa-tives, open all the certificates and the votes shall then be counted;—the per-son having the greatest number of votes for President, shall be the Presi-dent, if such number be a majority of the whole number of electors ap-pointed; and if no person have such ma-jority, then from the persons having the highest numbers not exceeding three on the list of those voted for as President, . . .’’ 
Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the 
gentlewoman from California (Mrs. D
AVIS). 
Mrs. DAVIS of California. ‘‘. . . the 
House of Representatives shall choose immediately, by ballot, the President. But in choosing the President, the votes shall be taken by States, the rep-resentation from each State having one vote; a quorum for this purpose shall consist of a Member or Members from two-thirds of the States, and a major-ity of all the States shall be necessary to a choice.’’ 
Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the 
gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. G
RANGER ). 
Ms. GRANGER. ‘‘The person having 
the greatest number of votes as Vice- President, shall be the Vice-President, if such number be a majority of the whole number of electors appointed, and if no person have a majority, then from the two highest numbers on the list, the Senate shall choose the Vice- President; . . . ’’ 
Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the 
gentlewoman from Massachusetts (Ms. T
SONGAS ). 
Ms. TSONGAS. ‘‘. . . a quorum for 
the purpose shall consist of two-thirds of the whole number of Senators, and a majority of the whole number shall be necessary to a choice. But no person constitutionally ineligible to the office of President shall be eligible to that of Vice-President of the United States.’’ 
Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the 
gentleman from Georgia (Mr. L
EWIS). 
Mr. LEWIS. Amendment XIII, section 
1: 
‘‘Neither slavery nor involuntary ser-
vitude, except as a punishment for crime whereof the party shall have been duly convicted, shall exist within the United States, or any place subject to their jurisdiction.’’ 
Section 2: ‘‘Congress shall have power to en-
force this article by appropriate legis-lation.’’ 
Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the 
gentlewoman from Utah (Mrs. L
OVE). 
Mrs. LOVE. Amendment XIV, section 
1: 
‘‘All persons born or naturalized in 
the United States, and subject to the jurisdiction thereof, are citizens of the United States and of the State wherein they reside. No State shall make or en-force any law which shall abridge the privileges or immunities of citizens of the United States; nor shall any State 
deprive any person of life, liberty, or property, without due process of law; nor deny to any person within its juris-diction the equal protection of the laws.’’ 
Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the 
gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. C
ICILLINE ). 
Mr. CICILLINE. Section 2: ‘‘Representatives shall be appor-
tioned among the several States ac-cording to their respective numbers, counting the whole number of persons in each State, excluding Indians not taxed.’’ 
Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the 
gentleman from Michigan (Mr. H
UIZENGA ). 
Mr. HUIZENGA of Michigan. ‘‘But 
when the right to vote at any election for the choice of electors for President and Vice President of the United States, Representatives in Congress, the executive and judicial officers of a State, or the Members of the legisla-ture thereof, is denied to any of the male inhabitants of such State, being twenty-one years of age, and citizens of the United States, or in any way abridged, except for participation in re-bellion, or other crime, the basis of representation therein shall be reduced in the proportion which the number of such male citizens shall bear to the whole number of male citizens twenty- one years of age in such State.’’ 
Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the 
gentlewoman from Illinois (Ms. S
CHA-
KOWSKY ). 
Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Section 3: ‘‘No person shall be a Senator or Rep-
resentative in Congress, or elector of President and Vice President, or hold any office, civil or military, under the United States, or under any State, who, having previously taken an oath, as a Member of Congress, or as an offi-cer of the United States, . . .’’ 
Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the 
gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. B
ARR). 
Mr. BARR. ‘‘. . . or as a member of 
any State legislature, or as an execu-tive or judicial officer of any State, to support the Constitution of the United States, shall have engaged in insurrec-tion or rebellion against the same, or given aid or comfort to the enemies thereof. But Congress may by a vote of two-thirds of each House, remove such disability.’’ 
Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the 
gentleman from California (Mr. V
ALADAO ). 
Mr. VALADAO. Section 4: ‘‘The validity of the public debt of 
the United States, authorized by law, including debts incurred for payment of pensions and bounties for services in suppressing insurrection or rebellion, shall not be questioned.’’ 
Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the 
gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. F
ATTAH ). 
Mr. FATTAH. ‘‘But neither the 
United States nor any State shall as-sume or pay any debt or obligation in-curred in aid of insurrection or rebel-lion against the United States, or any 
claim for the loss or emancipation of any slave; but all such debts, obliga-tions and claims shall be held illegal and void.’’ 
Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the 
gentlewoman from California (Ms. P
ELOSI ), the minority leader. 
Ms. PELOSI. Section 5: ‘‘The Congress shall have the power 
to enforce, by appropriate legislation, the provisions of this article.’’ 
Amendment XV, section 1: ‘‘The right of citizens of the United 
States to vote shall not be denied or abridged by the United States or by any State on account of race, color, or previous condition of servitude.’’ 
Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the 
gentleman from Kansas (Mr. Y
ODER ). 
Mr. YODER. Section 2: ‘‘The Congress shall have the power 
to enforce this article by appropriate legislation.’’ 
Amendment XVI: ‘‘The Congress shall have power to 
lay and collect taxes on incomes, from whatever source derived, without ap-portionment among the several States, and without regard to any census or enumeration.’’ 
Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the 
gentlewoman from Maryland (Ms. E
DWARDS ). 
Ms. EDWARDS. Amendment XVII: ‘‘The Senate of the United States 
shall be composed of two Senators from each State, elected by the people there-of, for six years; and each Senator shall have one vote. The electors in each State shall have the qualifications req-uisite for electors of the most numer-ous branch of the State legislatures. 
‘‘When vacancies happen in the rep-
resentation of any State in the Senate, the executive authority of such State shall issue writs of election to fill such vacancies: . . .’’ 
Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the 
gentlewoman from Indiana (Mrs. B
ROOKS ). 
Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. ‘‘. . . pro-
vided, that the legislature of any State may empower the executive thereof to make temporary appointments until the people fill the vacancies by elec-tion as the legislature may direct. 
‘‘This amendment shall not be so 
construed as to affect the election or term of any Senator chosen before it becomes valid as part of the Constitu-tion. 
b1015 
Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the 
gentlewoman from California (Mrs. M
IMIWALTERS ). 
Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California. 
Amendment XIX: 
‘‘The right of citizens of the United 
States to vote shall not be denied or abridged by the United States or by any State on account of sex. 
‘‘Congress shall have power to en-
force this article by appropriate legis-lation.’’ 
Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the 
gentlewoman from Alabama (Ms. S
E-
WELL ). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Jan 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09JA7.010 H09JAPT1EMCDONALD on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H167 January 9, 2015 
Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Amend-
ment XX: 
Section 1: ‘‘The terms of the President and the 
Vice President shall end at noon on the 20th day of January, and the terms of Senators and Representatives at noon on the 3d day of January, of the years in which such terms would have ended if this article had not been ratified; and the terms of their successors shall then begin.’’ 
Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the 
gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. F
ITZPATRICK ). 
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Section 2: ‘‘The Congress shall assemble at 
least once in every year, and such meeting shall begin at noon on the 3d day of January, unless they shall by law appoint a different day.’’ 
Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the 
gentlewoman from New York (Ms. C
LARKE ). 
Ms. CLARKE of New York. Section 3: ‘‘If, at the time fixed for the begin-
ning of the term of the President, the President elect shall have died, the Vice President elect shall become President. If a President shall not have been chosen before the time fixed for the beginning of his term, or if the President elect shall have failed to qualify, then the Vice President elect shall act as President until a President shall have qualified; . . .’’ 
Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the 
gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
RIF-
FITH). 
Mr. GRIFFITH. ‘‘. . . and the Con-
gress may by law provide for the case wherein neither a President elect nor a Vice President shall have qualified, de-claring who shall then act as Presi-dent, or the manner in which one who is to act shall be selected, and such person shall act accordingly until a President or Vice President shall have qualified.’’ 
Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the 
gentleman from Vermont (Mr. W
ELCH ). 
Mr. WELCH. Section 4: ‘‘The Congress may by law provide 
for the case of the death of any of the persons from whom the House of Rep-resentatives may choose a President whenever the right of choice shall have devolved upon them, and for the case of the death of any of the persons from whom the Senate may choose a Vice President whenever the right of choice shall have devolved upon them.’’ 
Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the 
gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ). 
Mr. M CCLINTOCK. Section 5: 
‘‘Sections 1 and 2 shall take effect on 
the 15th day of October following the ratification of this article.’’ 
Section 6: ‘‘This article shall be inoperative un-
less it shall have been ratified as an amendment to the Constitution by the legislatures of three-fourths of the sev-eral States within seven years from the date of its submission.’’ 
Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the 
gentleman from New York (Mr. S
EAN 
PATRICK MALONEY ). Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of 
New York. Amendment XXI: 
Section 1: ‘‘The eighteenth article of amend-
ment to the Constitution of the United States is hereby repealed.’’ 
Section 2: ‘‘The transportation or importation 
into any State, Territory, or possession of the United States for delivery or use therein of intoxicating liquors, in vio-lation of the laws thereof, is hereby prohibited.’’ 
Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the 
gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. P
ITTENGER ). 
Mr. PITTENGER. Section 3: ‘‘This article shall be inoperative un-
less it shall have been ratified as an amendment to the Constitution by con-ventions in the several States, as pro-vided in the Constitution, within seven years from the date of the submission hereof to the States by the Congress.’’ 
Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the 
gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. E
DDIE 
BERNICE JOHNSON ). 
Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of 
Texas. Amendment XXII: 
Section 1: ‘‘No person shall be elected to the of-
fice of the President more than twice, and no person who has held the office of President, or acted as President, for more than two years of a term to which some other person was elected President shall be elected to the office of President more than once.’’ 
Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the 
gentleman from Alabama (Mr. P
ALM-
ER). 
Mr. PALMER. ‘‘But this article shall 
not apply to any person holding the of-fice of President when this article was proposed by Congress, and shall not prevent any person who may be holding the office of President, or acting as President, during the term within which this article becomes operative from holding the office of President or acting as President during the remain-der of such term.’’ 
Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the 
gentlewoman from the Virgin Islands (Ms. P
LASKETT ). 
Ms. PLASKETT. Section 2: ‘‘This article shall be inoperative un-
less it shall have been ratified as an amendment to the Constitution by the legislatures of three-fourths of the sev-eral States within seven years from the date of its submission to the States by the Congress.’’ 
Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the 
gentleman from California (Mr. T
IP-
TON). 
Mr. TIPTON. Amendment XXIII: Section 1: ‘‘The District constituting the seat 
of government of the United States shall appoint in such manner as Con-gress may direct: 
‘‘A number of electors of President 
and Vice President equal to the whole number of Senators and Representa-tives in Congress to which the District would be entitled if it were a State, but in no event more than the least popu-lous State; . . . ’’ Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the 
gentleman from Colorado (Mr. B
UCK). 
Mr. BUCK. ‘‘. . . they shall be in ad-
dition to those appointed by the States, but they shall be considered, for the purposes of the election of President and Vice President, to be electors appointed by a State; and they shall meet in the District and perform such duties as provided by the twelfth article of amendment.’’ 
Section 2: ‘‘The Congress shall have power to 
enforce this article by appropriate leg-islation.’’ 
Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the 
gentleman from Ohio (Mr. J
OYCE ). 
Mr. JOYCE. Amendment XXIV: Section 1: ‘‘The right of citizens of the United 
States to vote in any primary or other election for President or Vice Presi-dent, for electors for President or Vice President, or for Senator or Represent-ative in Congress, shall not be denied or abridged by the United States or any State by reason of failure to pay poll tax or other tax.’’ 
Section 2: ‘‘The Congress shall have power to 
enforce this article by appropriate leg-islation.’’ 
Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the 
gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. L
OBI-
ONDO ). 
Mr. L OBIONDO. Amendment XXV: 
Section 1: ‘‘In case of the removal of the Presi-
dent from office or of his death or res-ignation, the Vice President shall be-come President.’’ 
Section 2: ‘‘Whenever there is a vacancy in the 
office of the Vice President, the Presi-dent shall nominate a Vice President who shall take office upon confirma-tion by a majority vote of both Houses of Congress.’’ 
Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the 
gentleman from Texas (Mr. A
LGREEN ). 
Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Section 3: ‘‘Whenever the President transmits 
to the President pro tempore of the Senate and the Speaker of the House of Representatives his written declara-tion that he is unable to discharge the powers and duties of his office, and until he transmits to them a written declaration to the contrary, such pow-ers and duties shall be discharged by the Vice President as Acting Presi-dent.’’ 
Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the 
gentleman from Texas (Mr. F
ARENTHOLD ). 
Mr. FARENTHOLD. Section 4: ‘‘Whenever the Vice President and a 
majority of either the principal officers of the executive departments or of such other body as Congress may by law provide, transmit to the President pro tempore of the Senate and the Speaker of the House of Representatives their written declaration that the President is unable to discharge the powers and duties of his office, the Vice President shall immediately assume the powers and duties of the office as Acting Presi-dent.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Jan 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09JA7.012 H09JAPT1EMCDONALD on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H168 January 9, 2015 
Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the 
gentleman from Florida (Mr. B ILI-
RAKIS ). 
Mr. BILIRAKIS. ‘‘Thereafter, when 
the President transmits to the Presi-dent pro tempore of the Senate and the Speaker of the House of Representa-tives his written declaration that no inability exists, he shall resume the powers and duties of his office unless the Vice President and a majority of either the principal officers of the ex-ecutive department or of such other body as Congress may by law provide, transmit within four days to the Presi-dent pro tempore of the Senate and the Speaker of the House of Representa-tives their written declaration that the President is unable to discharge the powers and duties of his office.’’ 
Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the 
gentleman from Texas (Mr. H
URD). 
Mr. HURD of Texas. ‘‘Thereupon Con-
gress shall decide the issue, assembling within forty-eight hours for that pur-pose if not in session. If the Congress, within twenty-one days after receipt of the latter written declaration, or, if Congress is not in session, within twen-ty-one days after Congress is required to assemble, determines by two-thirds vote of both Houses that the President is unable to discharge the powers and duties of his office, the Vice President shall continue to discharge the same as Acting President; otherwise, the Presi-dent shall resume the powers and du-ties of his office.’’ 
Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the 
gentleman from Ohio (Mr. C
HABOT ). 
Mr. CHABOT. Amendment XXVI: Section 1: ‘‘The right of citizens of the United 
States, who are eighteen years of age or older, to vote shall not be denied or abridged by the United States or by any State on account of age.’’ 
Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the 
gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. W
ESTERMAN ). 
Mr. WESTERMAN. Section 2: ‘‘The Congress shall have power to 
enforce this article by appropriate leg-islation.’’ 
Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the 
gentleman from Texas (Mr. V
EASEY ). 
Mr. VEASEY. Amendment XXVII: ‘‘No law, varying the compensation 
for the services of the Senators and Representatives, shall take effect, until an election of Representatives shall have intervened.’’ 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that I be allowed to revise and extend remarks and insert omitted material in the R
ECORD during 
the reading of the Constitution. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Virginia? 
There was no objection. 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE 
A message from the Senate by Ms. 
Curtis, one of its clerks, announced that the Senate has passed without amendment a bill of the House of the following title: H. R. 26. An act to extend the termination 
date of the Terrorism Insurance Program es-tablished under the Terrorism Risk Insur-ance Act of 2002, and for other purposes. 
The message also announced that the 
Senate has agreed to a concurrent reso-lution of the following title in which the concurrence of the House is re-quested: 
S. Con. Res. 2. Concurrent resolution au-
thorizing the use of Emancipation Hall in the Capitol Visitor Center for a ceremony to present the Congressional Gold Medal to the First Special Service Force, in recognition of its superior service during World War II. 
The message also announced that 
pursuant to Public Law 70–770, the Chair, on behalf of the Democratic Leader, announces the appointment of the following individual to the Migra-tory Bird Conservation Commission: 
The Senator from New Mexico (Mr. 
H
EINRICH ). 
The message also announced that 
pursuant to the provisions of Public Law 95–277, as amended by the appro-priate provisions of Public Law 102–246, and in consultation with the Majority Leader, the Chair, on behalf of the Democratic Leader, announces the ap-pointment of the following individual to serve as a member of the Library of Congress Trust Fund Board for a five year term: 
George Marcus of California, vice 
Elaine Wynn. 
f 
RECESS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess subject to the call of the Chair. 
Accordingly (at 10 o’clock and 28 
minutes a.m.), the House stood in re-cess. 
f 
b1104 
AFTER RECESS 
The recess having expired, the House 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. H
ULTGREN ) at 11 o’clock 
and 4 minutes a.m. 
f 
KEYSTONE XL PIPELINE ACT 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks and include extra-neous materials on H.R. 3. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania? 
There was no objection. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, pursu-
ant to House Resolution 19, I call up the bill (H.R. 3) to approve the Key-stone XL Pipeline, and ask for its im-mediate consideration. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to House Resolution 19, the bill is considered read. 
The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 3 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Keystone XL 
Pipeline Act’’. 
SEC. 2. KEYSTONE XL APPROVAL. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—TransCanada Keystone 
Pipeline, L.P. may construct, connect, oper-ate, and maintain the pipeline and cross-bor-der facilities described in the application filed on May 4, 2012, by TransCanada Cor-poration to the Department of State (includ-ing any subsequent revision to the pipeline route within the State of Nebraska required or authorized by the State of Nebraska). 
(b) E
NVIRONMENTAL IMPACT STATEMENT .— 
The Final Supplemental Environmental Im-pact Statement issued by the Secretary of State in January 2014, regarding the pipeline referred to in subsection (a), and the envi-ronmental analysis, consultation, and review described in that document (including appen-dices) shall be considered to fully satisfy— 
(1) all requirements of the National Envi-
ronmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.); and 
(2) any other provision of law that requires 
Federal agency consultation or review (in-cluding the consultation or review required under section 7(a) of the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1536(a))) with respect to the pipeline and facilities referred to in sub-section (a). 
(c) P
ERMITS .—Any Federal permit or au-
thorization issued before the date of enact-ment of this Act for the pipeline and cross- border facilities referred to in subsection (a) shall remain in effect. 
(d) J
UDICIAL REVIEW .—Except for review in 
the Supreme Court of the United States, the United States Court of Appeals for the Dis-trict of Columbia Circuit shall have original and exclusive jurisdiction over any civil ac-tion for the review of an order or action of a Federal agency regarding the pipeline and cross-border facilities described in sub-section (a), and the related facilities in the United States, that are approved by this Act (including any order granting a permit or right-of-way, or any other agency action taken to construct or complete the project pursuant to Federal law). 
(e) P
RIVATE PROPERTY SAVINGS CLAUSE .— 
Nothing in this Act alters any Federal, State, or local process or condition in effect on the date of enactment of this Act that is necessary to secure access from an owner of private property to construct the pipeline and cross-border facilities described in sub-section (a). 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The bill 
shall be debatable for 1 hour equally di-vided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infra-structure and the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
The gentleman from Pennsylvania 
(Mr. S
HUSTER ), the gentleman from Or-
egon (Mr. D EFAZIO), the gentleman 
from Kentucky (Mr. W HITFIELD ), and 
the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. P
ALLONE ) each will control 15 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Pennsylvania. 
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
I enthusiastically rise today to sup-
port H.R. 3, the Keystone XL Pipeline Act. And for those who have not heard, according to the administration, the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:58 Jan 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09JA7.013 H09JAPT1EMCDONALD on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H169 January 9, 2015 
final hurdle has been removed, and 
that is that the Nebraska Supreme Court this morning has approved the pathway for the pipeline, the routing of the pipeline, the Keystone XL pipeline. 
Again, the administration has said 
that was the major hurdle. It has fall-en. So I hope the President is not going to establish another hurdle, that being himself. 
America is undergoing an energy ren-
aissance, and the prospect of securing North American energy independence is in sight. However, to achieve our goal of energy security, we need to make sure we have the infrastructure in place to keep pace with the changing energy landscape. Keystone will be a critical addition to the Nation’s pipe-line network, increasing our supply of oil and helping to reduce its cost. 
The State Department completed its 
environmental analysis a year ago. However, there has still been no action by the administration on the pipeline. 
There is simply no reason to delay 
this important project. As I mentioned, the President’s main argument in this premature veto threat is that the bill would authorize the pipeline despite uncertainty due to ongoing litigation in Nebraska. Well, that uncertainty has ended this morning, and the Su-preme Court of Nebraska has allowed the planned route to go forward in Ne-braska. Again, there is simply no rea-son to delay. In fact, the southern leg of the pipeline has already been built. 
In March 2012, in Oklahoma, the 
President expressed his support for ex-pediting construction for the southern leg of the Keystone pipeline, and I agree with the President when he stat-ed at that ceremony that he was di-recting his administration to cut through red tape, break through bu-reaucratic hurdles, and make this project a priority to go ahead and get it done. It was the right thing to do then, it is the right thing to do now, and it is exactly what this bill does. 
We should move forward because this 
pipeline will be a tremendous boon to the economic development and one that doesn’t require a single Federal dollar. The very nature of infrastruc-ture improvement creates jobs, and Keystone is no exception. 
I know my colleagues have made the 
argument that it is only temporary, but every infrastructure job is a tem-porary job. When a road is completed, when a bridge is completed, when a pipeline is completed, those construc-tion workers move on to hopefully other construction jobs. 
Indeed, five unions representing over 
3 million workers—and I repeat that to my Democratic colleagues, five unions representing 3 million hardworking Americans—support this project, and I would like to submit their letter in the R
ECORD for support of this project. 
INTERNATIONAL BROTHERHOOD  
OFTEAMSTERS , 
Washington, DC, November 17, 2014. 
U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. 
D
EARSENATOR : I am writing to express the 
support of the International Brotherhood of Teamsters for S. 2280, a bill to approve the 
Keystone XL pipeline. The Keystone XL Pipeline project has been subjected to over six and one-half years of scrutiny, including review by 10 federal agencies, as well as nu-merous state and local agency reviews. We believe that it is time to end the delay and to move forward with the construction of the Keystone XL Pipeline. We ask you to sup-
port S. 2280 when it comes to the Senate floor this week. 
The Teamsters Union believes that the 
Keystone XL Pipeline will contribute to en-hanced energy security, economic prosperity and, of critical importance, the creation of good paying jobs. Unemployment in the building and construction workforce remains too high. Construction of the pipeline will provide much needed and good paying jobs for this workforce. The utilization of a project labor agreement will enhance the safety, technical performance, reliability and quality of the project as well as maxi-mize employment opportunities for local residents along the proposed corridor. Fur-ther, the fifty-seven special conditions agreed to for the project will provide an even greater degree of safety than any typically constructed domestic oil pipeline. 
If the pipeline is not built, important so-
cioeconomic benefits will not be realized— the positive impacts of local, state and fed-eral revenue, spending by construction work-ers, and spending on construction goods and services. Building the Keystone XL Pipeline will enhance U.S. energy and economic secu-rity. It is time to move forward without fur-ther delay. 
Sincerely, 
J
AMES P. H OFFA , 
General President. 
INTERNATIONAL UNION OF  
OPERATING ENGINEERS , 
Washington, DC, September 17, 2013. 
Hon. J OHNHOEVEN , 
Russell Senate Office Building, Washington, DC. Hon. M
ARYL. L ANDRIEU , 
Hart Senate Office Building, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR SENATORS HOEVEN AND LANDRIEU : 
The International Union of Operating Engi-neers supports your amendment to energy- efficiency legislation, S. 1392, which simply expresses congressional support for the Key-stone XL pipeline. 
The International Union of Operating En-
gineers (IUOE) represents approximately 400,000 skilled American and Canadian heavy-equipment operators and other craftworkers, including thousands of mem-bers who hope to build the Keystone XL pipeline. The IUOE is one of four unions sig-natory to the National Pipeline Agreement. 
To create jobs and improve American en-
ergy independence, the Keystone XL pipeline should become a key part of America’s en-ergy infrastructure. The economic benefits of the project are dramatic and undisputable. The State Department’s Environmental Im-pact Statement (EIS) says that approxi-mately 10,000 construction workers would be employed building the pipeline, including thousands of Operating Engineers. A total of 42,100 jobs throughout the United States would be supported by the project, gener-ating over $2 billion in total earnings. All told, this pipeline project would contribute approximately $3.4 billion to America’s Gross Domestic Product. 
The Keystone XL will also be one of the 
safest pipelines ever built. According to the EIS, the fifty-seven special conditions devel-oped by the Pipeline and Hazardous Mate-rials Safety Administration and voluntarily agreed to by TransCanada ‘‘. . . would have a degree of safety greater than any typically constructed domestic oil pipeline system 
under current regulations.’’ In addition, the Operating Engineers and other union con-struction trades tasked with building the 1,179 mile pipeline possess the highest safety and skill levels in the pipeline sector. 
Operating Engineers have waited over five 
years to build this essential piece North American energy infrastructure. Every state along the pipeline route has approved the project. Over 80 percent of Americans believe it’s in our national interest to build it. Now it’s time for the federal government to ap-prove the project. Congress can send a strong message by supporting your amendment. 
The IUOE endorses the Hoeven-Landrieu 
amendment in support of Keystone XL, and looks forward to working with you to see it passed into law. 
Thank you again for your leadership. 
Sincerely 
J
AMES T. C ALLAHAN , 
General President. 
INTERNATIONAL UNION OF  
OPERATING ENGINEERS , 
Washington, DC, January 7, 2015. 
Hon. J OHNA. B OEHNER , 
Longworth House Office Building, Washington, DC. Hon. N
ANCY PELOSI , 
Cannon House Office Building, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR SPEAKER BOEHNER AND LEADER  
PELOSI : The International Union of Oper-
ating Engineers supports the passage of H.R. 3, the Keystone XL Pipeline Act, and re-spectfully requests that you vote for the leg-islation on Friday when it will be considered on the floor of the House of Representatives. 
After five different Environmental Impact 
Statements and over six years of evaluation, the Keystone XL pipeline has been the most exhaustively reviewed pipeline in history. All of the federal studies have reached the same conclusion: The Keystone XL pipeline merits approval. It is time for Congress to act and approve the Keystone XL pipeline. 
As you know, the International Union of 
Operating Engineers (IUOE) proudly rep-resents heavy equipment operators and me-chanics in the construction industry throughout the United States and Canada. A large cadre of our members possess special-ized training and years of practical experi-ence building oil and gas pipeline infrastruc-ture. Members on both sides of the border hope to build the Keystone XL. Members of the Operating Engineers, through the collec-tive bargaining process, will earn roughly $35 an hour on their checks as they build the Keystone XL. The project is expected to gen-erate approximately 3,000 job-years for Oper-ating Engineers alone. With congressional approval of the pipeline, you can unleash this massive economic activity—at no cost to taxpayers. 
The misguided criticism of the pipeline by 
the environmental community does not change the facts. Virtually the whole cri-tique depends on a fundamental misunder-standing of the oil-transportation industry and its economics. Despite the conclusion of five different environmental studies, critics of the project refuse to accept that Keystone XL has little or no effect on the extraction rate of oil sands. Alternative transportation methods will step in to move the commodity, irrespective of the Keystone XL decision. The oil and gas industry possesses too much operational flexibility to allow one pipeline to limit the extraction rates of oil sands in Western Canada. Rail and other pipeline al-ternatives are ready to move oil sands and Bakken crude. 
The Pipeline and Hazardous Materials 
Safety Administration has ensured that Key-stone XL will be safer than any other domes-tic oil pipeline system built under current 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Jan 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09JA7.016 H09JAPT1EMCDONALD on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H170 January 9, 2015 
code as a result of its required 59 Special 
Conditions. These conditions usually accom-pany pipeline requirements in a ‘‘High-Con-sequence Area’’—steep slope, for example. Yet these conditions will apply across the entirety of the Keystone XL pipeline. The 
conditions relate to everything from manu-facturing specifications of pipe, to construc-tion techniques, to post-construction moni-toring. 
This $5 billion privately-funded pipeline 
will move an essential North American com-modity more safely than other alternatives. It will also grow the economy by putting thousands of Operating Engineers and other construction workers back on the job. 
The International Union of Operating En-
gineers respectfully requests your support for H.R. 3, legislation to approve the Key-stone XL pipeline. Thank you for your con-sideration. 
Sincerely, 
J
AMES T. C ALLAHAN , 
General President. 
Mr. SHUSTER. I want to name them 
off. It is the Teamsters; it is the Inter-national Brotherhood of Electrical Workers; it is the Laborers’ Inter-national Union of North America; it is the Operating Engineers; it is the pipe-fitters of the United States and Canada all supporting this project. Again, they see it as positive economic impact. 
When these jobs are completed, they 
will move on to other, hopefully, con-struction jobs; but what is left behind will have a positive impact to our economy, to job creation for a genera-tion. 
Our energy renaissance is helping 
make North America more secure and energy independent, and, in fact, I want to quote the President: 
In this time of significant political uncer-
tainty in key oil-producing countries and re-gions, and in the context of a difficult eco-nomic situation, non-OPEC Canada crude oil supplies advance the energy security of the United States. 
Now, I wish he would have said that 
about this pipeline, but he didn’t. He said it in 2009 about the Enbridge pipe-line, which started transferring oil sands from Canada to the gulf coast last month. The President, 5 years ago, supported this type of thing. He should support it now. So other than politics, I don’t understand why he hasn’t ap-proved this project as he did with Enbridge. It is time to build. 
Ladies and gentlemen, I especially 
look to my Democratic colleagues. Let’s put down our gloves. Let’s do something positive for America, for those 3 million union workers that are out there supporting this. Let’s do what is good for the environment. Let’s do what is good for energy independ-ence. 
Finally, let’s be fair to our greatest 
friends in the world, our Canadian neighbors. They allowed us to build a pipeline across their land. We should allow them to do the same in ours. They are our best allies. They are our greatest friends. They are a great neighbor. So let us, today, pass this bill and build the Keystone pipeline. 
With that, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. Well, it is Groundhog Day come early 
to the floor of the House. It is cold enough I guess for Groundhog Day, but this will be the 10th time in the last 4 years that the House of Representa-
tives has moved this bill with the as-sertion that somehow it leads us to en-ergy independence, energy security, lower prices at the pump. 
Well, the reality is a Canadian cor-
poration is going to build a pipeline from Canada to Texas. They are going to be exempt from paying into the Oil Spill Liability Trust Fund, unlike most other projects in this country, because of a stupid ruling by the IRS—but that is nothing new—regarding tar sands. So they will be exempt from paying into that. So if this thing bursts, there is an accident, the taxpayers of the United States get the bill, not the tax-payers of Canada. They don’t get the bill. The taxpayers of the United States get the bill. Now, that is one of a number of problems regarding this project. 
It is somewhat unprecedented, I be-
lieve. This may have happened at some other time in American history, but I do find it particularly ironic today, when we had the reading of the Con-stitution, that the effect of passing this bill, if it were to become law—and the President has already said he will veto it. But if this were to become law, the effect would be to give a foreign corporation the right to take private property from American citizens. 
I am not aware of any other time in 
the history of the Union where we have given a foreign corporation the right to take Americans’ private property. And, yes, some people were happy to sell the rights, but many others weren’t, in-cluding some in Nebraska and some in Texas. It has been quite contentious among landowners who are just having this corporation come. 
I would like to put in the R
ECORD a 
letter from TransCanada. We have blacked out the name of the recipient of the letter, but it is a true copy of a letter to a person who will have their private property taken by eminent do-main by a foreign corporation, and the foreign corporation informs them that they will begin proceedings this month, I guess because of the anticipated Re-publican action, to take their private property away. 
TRANS CANADA , 
Omaha, NE, December 8, 2014 
Re Keystone XL Project Update. 
DEAR LANDOWNER : While we continue to 
wait for decisions from the Nebraska Su-preme Court and from the U.S. Department of State regarding our proposed Keystone XL Pipeline, I would like to provide you with an update on our project. 
To date, Nebraska landowners have volun-
tarily granted us easements representing 84 percent of the required right-of-way for the Keystone XL Pipeline Project. We continue to work to acquire the remaining land rights. In Montana and South Dakota, we have acquired easements for 100 percent of the privately owned right-of-way. 
Between September 2008 and earlier this 
year, five successive sets of extensive public comments were taken and five successive independent environmental assessments 
were published by the State Department. Each review confirmed the safety and envi-ronmental soundness of the project. The State Department is continuing its review of our Presidential Permit application and will ultimately make a determination whether the project is in the national interest. The State Department has not announced a de-finitive timeline for reaching that decision. 
In addition, reviews have been completed 
separately by the States of Montana, Ne-braska and South Dakota. As with the fed-eral reviews, these state reviews included ex-tensive public input. Each resulted in state approval of the project. 
In South Dakota, the South Dakota Public 
Utilities Commission approved the project in 2010. Because construction did not begin within four years, we must certify that the pipeline continues to meet the conditions upon which the permit was issued. We have initiated the certification process and we ex-pect a decision in 2015. 
The State of Nebraska enacted legislation 
in 2011 and in 2012 requiring state review of the proposed Keystone XL Pipeline route. The Governor approved the route in January 2013, after a year-long public review process overseen by the Nebraska Department of En-vironmental Quality. Following a legal chal-lenge of the new law, a lower court deter-mined that the law was not valid and that the review should have been overseen by the Nebraska Public Service Commission. The Nebraska Attorney General appealed the lower court ruling to the Nebraska Supreme Court and the Court is expected to make a ruling later this year or early next year. 
Pending a decision on the appeal, the law 
remains in effect as does the resulting Key-stone XL route. In the event that the Ne-braska Supreme Court affirms the lower court ruling invalidating the new law, we would expect a second Nebraska review to be required, this time by the Nebraska Public Service Commission. 
If instead, the Nebraska Supreme Court re-
verses the lower court ruling, affirming the validity of the existing state review, we ex-pect that other aspects of that law would re-main in effect as well. One of those aspects affects the timing available to complete ne-gotiations to acquire remaining property rights in Nebraska. If parties ultimately are not able to reach voluntary agreement on ac-quisition of necessary land rights for the project, we are required to commence the legal process of eminent domain to obtain those rights within two years of the January 2013 Nebraska approval. 
We recognize that the Supreme Court rul-
ing may not be issued before we are required to take action in preparation for the existing January 2015 deadline. While we would prefer not to initiate the process to acquire out-standing land rights while there is uncer-tainty, we are bound by that deadline in order to meet our responsibility to continue to prepare to build the pipeline necessary to safely transport North American energy. 
Regardless of your perspective on the 
project, we would welcome the opportunity to address your questions and concerns and discuss property-specific details for pipeline construction. When we are able to work with landowners to achieve mutual agreement where possible, we are better able to mini-mize potential effects of construction on land and operations. 
A member of my land team will follow-up 
with you or your legal counsel. If you have not heard from us or if you have questions, you are welcome to contact me. If you would like to see an operating pipeline, please let us know and we’d be happy to arrange for a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Jan 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09JA7.005 H09JAPT1EMCDONALD on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H171 January 9, 2015 
tour of a pump station on the operating Key-
stone line in Nebraska. 
Sincerely, 
ANDREW CRAIG, 
Manager —Land, Keystone Projects, 
TransCanada Pipelines, USA. 
Mr. D EFAZIO. Now, that is a bit 
ironic, again, on the day we read the Constitution and also of the party of individual rights for property owners. So that is also of concern. 
Yes, there will be construction jobs, 
and I am the first to admit we need more jobs in America. In fact, I voted against the President’s so-called stim-ulus bill because it didn’t invest enough in building infrastructure in this country. Instead, it did a whole bunch of stupid tax cuts because of Larry Summers, a highly acclaimed hack economist, and we didn’t put a lot of people back to work. Seven percent went to infrastructure, that created jobs; 42 percent went to tax cuts, didn’t create jobs. But that is another agenda the Republicans are pursuing is tax cuts to create jobs, but we won’t get into that here today. 
So, yes, that will happen, but there 
are a lot of other investments we should, could, and I believe the chair-man supports making that will create significant construction and infra-structure jobs. 
Now, were this just in isolation and 
it didn’t involve the total destruction of the boreal forests of Canada, if I were Canadian I would be pretty upset about that; and perhaps the dirtiest, most environmentally problematic way of extracting fossil fuels from the ground to get these oil sands, the con-struction jobs might carry the day, but sometimes you have to draw a line. 
In this case, we also hear it is going 
to lead somehow to energy security. Well, that is interesting because the crude, tar sand oil, or whatever you want to call it, is going to come down to Texas without paying into the Oil Spill Liability Trust Fund—creating a potential problem for the future tax-payers of the United States—go to a re-finery in an export zone in Texas, and, yes, it will be refined and then it will be exported. 
We are exporting millions of gallons 
of fuel every day, so to somehow say this is going to lead to lower prices at the pump in America—maybe it is lower prices at the pump in China or I don’t know where else, Japan or some-place, but it isn’t going to be here be-cause the product is ultimately going to be exported. So it is also not going to do anything for our energy security, and at the moment we have kind of a surfeit because of fracking and other things of fuels, and prices are down considerably. 
b1115 
So those are just a few of the prob-
lems. 
And by passing this bill, the House of 
Representatives will attempt to pre-empt the executive authority of the President in this matter because this pipeline crosses an international bor-der. The President has authority, and 
the State Department has been consid-ering it. 
And even with the Supreme Court of 
Nebraska refusing to make a judgment, they didn’t uphold the law of the Ne-braska legislature. In fact, four out of seven judges—normally a majority in most places—said it was unconstitu-tional, but Nebraska has a peculiarity that if the other three judges take a walk—which they did—then even though a majority found it unconstitu-tional, it is not found unconstitutional, and that is the end of the proceeding. 
So that is the big news out of Ne-
braska. They need a little work on their constitution, I think. So it hasn’t received a stamp of approval there. There are still aggrieved landowners in Nebraska who object to the route and who are going to have their private property taken by a foreign corpora-tion. So other than that, it is a great idea. 
And with that, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume, and I just want to remind my Demo-cratic colleagues that, first of all, I am from Pennsylvania. Punxsutawney is several miles outside of my district. That is where Punxsutawney Phil re-sides. So I am somewhat knowledge-able on Groundhog Day. And I just want to point out to my Democratic colleagues that in the movie ‘‘Ground-hog Day,’’ Bill Murray learned from his mistakes the day before and improved his situation each day. So hopefully today, your references to your learning from yesterday and how we can move forward—I think the Nebraska situa-tion improves the whole situation for all of us. And I certainly don’t question the wisdom of the Nebraska Supreme Court. 
And with that, I yield to the gen-
tleman from New York (Mr. H
ANNA ). 
Mr. HANNA. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today in support of this bill as vice chair of the Pipeline Subcommittee. 
Pipelines are the single safest way to 
transport liquids—safer than rail, safer than trucks. The State Department says Keystone would have a minimal impact on the environment. 
President Obama and his administra-
tion have confirmed that Keystone will create thousands of construction jobs. These are men and women’s liveli-hoods. 
Respectfully, I would remind the ad-
ministration, but by their nature, all construction jobs are temporary. And it is insulting to marginalize the value of these jobs or the people who might hold them. 
Keystone is supported by many 
unions, including mine, Local 545, the Operating Engineers, where I have been for almost 35 years. 
Prime Minister Stephen Harper of 
Canada said, and I agree, that Key-stone is in both of our nations’ inter-ests and that ‘‘the logic here is over-whelming.’’ Keystone will help us stop sending 
billions and billions of dollars overseas to our enemies, many of whom would harm us. 
Mr. Speaker, it is time to start build-
ing this Keystone pipeline. 
Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, could 
you tell me how much time remains of the 15 minutes that I had? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
D
OLD). Each side has 9 minutes remain-
ing. 
Mr. D EFAZIO. With that, I yield 4 
minutes to the gentleman from Ari-zona (Mr. G
RIJALVA ), the ranking mem-
ber of the Natural Resources Com-mittee. 
Mr. GRIJALVA. I thank the gen-
tleman from Oregon. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in opposi-
tion to what can only be described as an earmark for a Canadian corpora-tion. It speaks volumes about the Re-publican agenda, as this new Congress convenes, that the first order of busi-ness in the House and Senate is to rubberstamp the Keystone XL pipeline. 
We have not dealt with unemploy-
ment benefits that the American peo-ple need that have lapsed for more than a year. Millions of Americans are suf-fering from a low minimum wage and income disparity, but we are not help-ing them. Women in this country still only earn 77 cents to every dollar their male counterparts earn, but we are not trying to end that disparity. 
Instead, they are forcing Keystone 
through without the proper approval process. Building a pipeline clear across the United States so that Trans-Canada can sell its dirty tar sands oil to the highest bidder—namely China— is not in the American people’s best in-terests. 
We take on the risk to our lands, the 
American people face threats to their health, and TransCanada gets to reap the rewards. That is not a winning for-mula for our country or the economy. In fact, it is a sham. 
And yet the Keystone XL pipeline 
continues to be sold to the American people on blatantly false pretenses. We are told by proponents that this is about job creation, yet not a single independent analysis supports these claims. 
The burden of proof is on the GOP. 
They pull fantastic claims out of thin air, and yet they refuse to back them up. Instead, we are told to take their assertions at face value. 
Here is what we actually know. 
These are the facts that can actually be substantiated: 
The State Department found in its 
supplemental environmental impact study of the Keystone pipeline that it will generate less than 2,000 jobs a year for 2 years and only during the period of construction. Once the pipeline is built, these jobs will disappear, leaving a mere 35 permanent jobs that will re-sult from this project—35. To put that in context, under President Obama, 353,000 jobs were generated in Novem-ber and a total of 2.9 million in 2014. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Jan 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09JA7.002 H09JAPT1EMCDONALD on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H172 January 9, 2015 
There is also the claim that it is 
going to lower gas prices for the Amer-ican people. Please. Gas prices have been dropping for more than 100 straight days and are at the lowest level in more than 5
1⁄2years. They 
won’t go any lower by allowing oil to be piped across our country just to be sold abroad. 
In contrast to fantasy impacts on gas 
prices, the potential impacts on our en-vironment are very real. Not only will burning these tar sands add to global climate change, but any leak, failure, or, God forbid, explosion will have dis-astrous impacts on our environment. And because tar sands importers are exempt from paying into the Oil Spill Liability Trust Fund, the American taxpayers will have to bear the cost of cleaning up any spills. 
The public needs to know these facts, 
and that is why allowing 1 hour of de-bate with not a single, solitary amend-ment today robs the American people of a full debate and discussion. 
On top of all that, this bill is being 
pushed through despite the fact that it violates not one but two treaties with American Indian nations. 
What does this say about the GOP’s 
respect for the rule of law? 
If the Republicans truly want to gen-
erate jobs for the American people, they should fully fund the highway trust fund and support the GROW AMERICA Act to invest in the crum-bling infrastructure all across this country, not help Canadians build a su-perhighway for their dirty tar sands oil. 
We would be supporting not just 2,000 
jobs per year for 2 years but millions of jobs for American families, across every congressional district. 
Mr. Speaker, my colleagues have a 
chance to take an important stand today early in this Congress on behalf of taxpayers, the environment, Native American communities, and the rule of law by supporting President Obama’s veto and rejecting this toxic giveaway to foreign corporate oil interests. 
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume, and I just want to say that there have been 15 hearings on the Keystone pipe-line. This is the 10th time we have de-bated it on the floor. This, quite pos-sibly, could be the most debated piece of legislation in the history of Con-gress. I don’t know that for sure. But I do know that it has been out there for 2,303 days, and 60 percent of the Amer-ican people support it, while 20 percent don’t support it. So I think the Amer-ican people are fully aware of what is going on here. They understand it, and they do support it. 
With that, I yield 30 seconds to the 
gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. E
MMER ). 
Mr. EMMER. I thank the gentleman 
from Pennsylvania. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support 
of the Keystone pipeline, which will safely move 300 million barrels annu-ally, strengthen our economy, continue to decrease our dependence on Mideast 
oil, and support thousands of jobs. 
This body has shown tremendous 
leadership on this issue and last year passed bipartisan legislation to ap-prove Keystone for the ninth time. Today, with strong support from unions, businesses, and the American people, we must pass it again. 
I am grateful for Representative 
C
RAMER , Chairman S HUSTER , Chairman 
UPTON , and the leadership for their 
work on this vital legislation. 
Mr. D EFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
The gentleman just referenced safely 
transport. Of course that is a hypo-thetical. And let me give a real exam-ple: 
In 2010, a Canadian company, 
Enbridge, had a pipeline burst in Mar-shall, Michigan, spilling 1 million gal-lons of tar sands oil. 
Now, here is the thing. All oil has 
viscosity and other characteristics. The thing about tar sands oil is, it doesn’t float. It goes right to the bot-tom. They are still dredging Canadian tar sands oil out of the bottom of the Kalamazoo River 4 years later. And so far, claims of $53 million have been made, which will have to be paid by American taxpayers against the Oil Spill Liability Trust Fund and not by Enbridge, the Canadian corporation. 
Which is what we are setting up here: 
an even greater transshipment by a foreign corporation, exempt from pay-ing into the Oil Spill Liability Trust Fund, creating even bigger potential for spills with this oil, which has unique characteristics which are much more difficult to clean up if it comes in contact with water and, God forbid, it gets into the aquifer in one of the States that are being transected. 
The chairman did reference the 15 
hearings. We have a difference in counting. But let’s say 15 hearings. Three were in the Rules Committee. Those aren’t hearings. That is sort of a little star chamber where you take things before you bring them to the floor of the House. You don’t discuss substance there. One was in the Sen-ate. There were 10 in the House, but not a single one of those hearings was in the principal committee of jurisdic-tion, which would be the Transpor-tation Committee. And of course the bill that was marked up by the Trans-portation Committee in the first ses-sion of the last Congress was very dif-ferent than the bill that is being advo-cated for today, which has not been marked up. 
And we heard a lot about regular 
order, read the bill, and all that stuff. It is fine to say, gee, we have voted on this a lot of times before. With 61 new Members of the House, gas prices are down by almost 50 percent, a lot of things have changed. I would even won-der about the viability of this project. 
I did just recently learn that the 
Koch brothers, though, have a signifi-cant investment in tar sands in Can-ada. But that probably has nothing to do with an attempt to expedite this 
project. 
With that, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume, and I would just like to remind the dis-tinguished ranking member of the Transportation Committee, arguably the most knowledgeable man in Con-gress when it comes to transportation issues, with many years of service plus an intellect that is very sharp—I would never presume to tell him—I just want to remind him that the safest way to move product, to move oil is by pipe-line. And I think the gentleman knows that, but I just wanted to remind him of that. 
With that, I yield 1 minute to the 
gentleman from North Dakota (Mr. C
RAMER ). 
Mr. CRAMER. I thank the chairman 
for yielding. 
Mr. Speaker, I just heard a word that 
is almost hard to believe. We have been accused of expediting this process. La-dies and gentlemen, this is day 2,303 of this process. It is time now. 
It is time because it is good for job 
creation. It is time because it is good for the environment. It is not just the safest way, as the chairman said; the most environmentally sound way to move tar sands oil is in a pipeline. It is good for national security. It is good for economic security. It is good be-cause 62.8 percent of labor force par-ticipation is the lowest since 1978. It creates jobs. And it is for these reasons that not only does the majority of the United States House and the majority of the United States Senate support it, but it is because of these reasons that the vast majority of the people of the United States support it, including the people of Nebraska. And for those rea-sons, I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on H.R. 3. 
Mr. D
EFAZIO. At this moment, I re-
serve the balance of my time. 
Mr. SHUSTER. I yield 45 seconds to 
the gentleman from Texas (Mr. P OE). 
b1130 
Mr. POE of Texas. I thank the gen-
tleman. 
Mr. Speaker, the permitting for the 
Keystone pipeline has taken longer than it took for the United States to win World War II. Isn’t that lovely? 
The pipeline will bring oil to my 
home State of Texas. Pipelines are the safest way to transport oil. The Key-stone will deliver as much oil as we get from Saudi Arabia. The United States should work more with our neighbors— our normal neighbors—Canada and Mexico to develop our national re-sources and compete with OPEC. 
Mr. Speaker, this is a national secu-
rity and energy security issue. We can make the Middle East, its politics, its oil, and its turmoil irrelevant. It is time to pick a horse and ride it. 
And that is just the way it is. Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself 30 seconds. 
In response to the transport, yes, 
pipelines are generally safer, but the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:58 Jan 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09JA7.020 H09JAPT1EMCDONALD on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H173 January 9, 2015 
consequences—look at the case in 
Michigan—when a pipeline goes are generally much greater, much greater volumes. 
Even in the horrific train accidents 
we have had, the volumes were rel-atively small that were spilled, even though the consequences—particularly in the one in Canada—were very, very damaging. Minimally, you should have added to the bill requiring them to pay into the oil spill liability trust fund. That would make that slightly less ob-jectionable. 
Mr. SHUSTER. I yield 1 minute to 
the gentleman from California (Mr. D
ENHAM ), the chairman of the Sub-
committee on Railroads, Pipelines, and Hazardous Materials. 
Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Speaker, I rise in 
support of H.R. 3, the Keystone XL Pipeline Act. This bill is based on the Cassidy Keystone bill which passed the House last Congress on a bipartisan vote of 252–161. 
As Chairman S
HUSTER noted, this 
pipeline will create jobs, enhance our energy independence, and strengthen our national security. 
Mr. Speaker, this is a bill that makes 
numerous project benefits a reality. According to the Department of En-ergy, the pipeline will transport over 800,000 barrels per day of oil from Can-ada to the gulf coast, which will help reduce reliance on more hostile na-tions. 
Some have argued that the oil will 
just be exported, but the administra-tion’s own environmental analysis de-nies that that will ever occur. It will also create good-paying jobs now, while promoting the growth of our energy economy for the future. 
This is the most studied pipeline in 
our history. In the history of our Na-tion, we have never studied a pipeline like this. There is no need to continue to stall its approval. This project will be safe. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentleman has expired. 
Mr. SHUSTER. I yield the gentleman 
an additional 15 seconds. 
Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Speaker, America 
currently has 2.6 million miles of pipe-line providing an extremely safe way to transport energy products. 
The Keystone pipeline will be the 
safest ever built, with 95 special miti-gation measures, including nearly 60 recommended by the Department of Transportation. It is time to approve this project. 
We can’t afford any more delays. The 
American public deserves these jobs, and we deserve to be energy inde-pendent. 
Mr. D
EFAZIO. I yield 11⁄2minutes to 
the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. P
ASCRELL ). 
Mr. PASCRELL. Thank you, Ranking 
Member. 
Mr. Speaker, we know that building 
the Keystone pipeline will create some jobs, and it can even help lower con-sumers’ prices, but many of these jobs are temporary, which is true in most capital cases anyway. The price of oil 
has already fallen below $50 a barrel for the first time since 2009. 
We really got some good news about 
jobs today again. We added 252,000 jobs, and the unemployment rate is the low-est since 2008—I think May or June of that year. 
While we are going in the right direc-
tion, we need some serious creation of jobs and at least a reach-out to the ad-ministration, ‘‘Hey, you are doing a pretty good job on this, on oil prices, on gasoline prices,’’ just a little bit of encouragement. We all roll on the same ship, come on. 
You boost our energy security, and 
you save consumers money at the pump, but the debate over Keystone has become a symbolic issue. Come on, let’s admit it. It is clear that this fight is vastly greater than the economic, environmental, or energy impact. It is the end of the world if you listen to the extremes of both sides. 
I could support the construction of 
this pipeline but do not believe Con-gress should circumvent the adminis-trative view. 
Mr. Speaker, let me just recommend 
something perhaps through you to the Chair. I believe that the reason why we have this problem is the Federal En-ergy Regulatory Commission has noth-ing to say about oil lines. They do on gas lines, but not oil lines. 
I think we could have saved a lot of 
time if we used the same situation. I am going to vote ‘‘no’’ on this, but I think there is some good things that need to be done and could be worked out. 
Mr. SHUSTER. It is now my privilege 
to yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Nebraska (Mr. S
MITH), a Nebras-
kan. 
Mr. SMITH of Nebraska. I thank the 
chairman for the time. 
Mr. Speaker, as you all know, a 
major portion of the Keystone XL pipe-line will run through Nebraska’s Third District. Nebraskans overwhelmingly support this project to improve access to North American energy and decrease the strain on our overwhelmed infra-structure system. 
As we all now know, the Nebraska 
Supreme Court has upheld the process as established by the elected Nebraska officials. 
I urge my colleagues to support ap-
proval of this project, and I urge the President to sign off on the pipeline as a needed step to encourage private in-vestment in infrastructure. 
Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, I reserve 
the balance of my time. 
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, it is 
now my privilege to yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Virginia (Mrs. C
OMSTOCK .) 
Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
in strong support of H.R. 3, the Key-stone XL pipeline. This bill is about good-paying jobs and energy security. 
Republicans and many Democrats 
agree on this, as well as the unique co-alition of unions like the Teamsters, LIUNA, the Tea Party, as well as the 
Chamber of Commerce. 
Listen to what the president of 
LIUNA said: 
To the tens and thousands of men and 
women in the construction industry, this isn’t just a pipeline; it is their mortgages, college tuitions, car payments, and food on the table. And for our country, this isn’t just a pipeline; it’s a lifeline to family security, energy security, and national security. 
Mr. Speaker, I encourage my col-
leagues to vote for the passage of this critical, bipartisan bill. 
Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, I reserve 
the balance of my time. 
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I now 
yield 1 minute to the gentleman from New York (Mr. R
EED). 
Mr. REED. Mr. Speaker, I thank the 
chairman for yielding. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support 
of this legislation to authorize the building of the Keystone pipeline. It is time. Enough is enough. We agree, thousands of jobs would be created by this pipeline. 
This will improve consumer prices. 
This will bring stability to oil markets around the world. This will contribute to protecting us here on American soil rather than relying on energy sources from hostile nations of the world. It doesn’t cure all the problems, but it is a step in the right direction. 
Our constituents sent us here, Mr. 
Speaker, to solve problems. This is part of the solution. I rise in support of the Keystone pipeline and ask all of my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to reaffirm the bipartisan message of the last Congress and approve this legisla-tion today. 
Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, I reserve 
the balance of my time. 
Mr. SHUSTER. I now yield 1 minute 
to the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. B
UCSHON ). 
Mr. BUCSHON. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today in strong support of the Key-stone XL pipeline, the most studied pipeline in American history. 
After 6 years and 22,000 pages of re-
view, the President’s own State De-partment tells us that construction of this pipeline will support over 42,000 good-paying jobs and do nothing to harm the environment. Pipelines have been shown to be the safest way to transport oil. 
Keystone has bipartisan, widespread 
support—Democrats, Republicans, in-dustry leaders, and labor. Unfortu-nately, the President issued a veto threat, putting the wishes of environ-mental activists ahead of creating jobs for the American public. 
Mr. Speaker, let’s say ‘‘yes’’ to 
much-needed jobs and approve the Key-stone pipeline without any further delays. 
Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, we are exporting more 
than 60 percent of the oil that we produce every day either as refined or even as crude product. In this case, Ca-nadian oil, exempt from a tax, will flow 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Jan 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09JA7.021 H09JAPT1EMCDONALD on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H174 January 9, 2015 
through the United States to a refin-
ery. 
It will be processed and exported 
overseas. Somehow, that is going to lower prices further at the pump. Somehow, that is going to lead to American energy security. 
You have to blow the dust off those 
arguments. They are a little dated, so we have raised a number of concerns here today. 
Minimally—minimally—the Repub-
licans should require this Canadian corporation to pay the same tax that most U.S. corporations pay when they transport products through pipelines and not put American taxpayers at risk. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, the 
final hurdle has been removed. The Ne-braska Supreme Court has said that the Keystone pipeline can move for-ward. That should be enough for my Democratic colleagues. 
But there is more. It is safe. It is the 
safest way to transport this oil, this natural resource. It is the most studied pipeline. It is going to be safe and envi-ronmentally sound. It will protect the environment. It creates jobs. Don’t lis-ten to me; listen to the five unions that represent 3 million workers. Three million union workers say the Key-stone pipeline should be built. 
Mr. Speaker, it provides energy secu-
rity for us, it is good for our economy, and it helps our allies—it strengthens our allies, and it weakens our enemies. 
The last point is it is fair to our best 
friends in the world, the Canadians, who have allowed us to build a pipeline from Alaska to the lower 48. We ought to return the favor to our best friend— our best ally—and say: ‘‘Yes, you can build a safe pipeline, you can build a pipeline that will help all of North America, that will help all of our allies around the world and weaken our en-emies.’’ 
With that, Mr. Speaker, I urge a 
‘‘yes’’ vote on H.R. 3, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. WHITFIELD. Mr. Speaker, the 
Energy and Commerce Committee has shared jurisdiction over this issue with T&I, and we have a number of members that would like to speak on the issue as well. 
At this time, Mr. Speaker, I would 
like to yield 2 minutes to the gen-tleman from Michigan (Mr. U
PTON ), the 
chairman of the Energy and Commerce Committee. 
Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, do you like 
cheap oil? Most Americans would say ‘‘yes,’’ and a number of us have strong-ly pursued a North American energy independence plan for years, and our friend, Canada, is a big part of that. 
In August of 2009, President Obama 
signed off on a new pipeline called the Alberta Clipper. Guess what? It brings 400,000 barrels of oil a day from western Canada to the United States. 
We have been waiting for the ap-
proval of the Keystone XL pipeline for years—over 6 in fact. I remember well when President Obama promised to do 
whatever it takes to create American jobs. That was followed by a so-called year of action; yet here we are, 6 years later, and nothing has happened. 
By the administration’s own esti-
mates, tens of thousands of jobs will be supported by this landmark project. Bringing oil from Canada to the U.S. displaces imports from Venezuela and the Middle East. Isn’t that a good thing? 
I also note that former Secretary of 
State Hillary Clinton signaled that she was inclined to support the project, and that was way back in 2010. 
In fact, in the summer of 2011, the 
White House issued its first veto threat against congressional action on the Keystone XL, claiming that legislation was unnecessary because their process was working and a decision would be reached by the end of that year. Since then, we have upgraded new oil and gas pipeline standards, and Keystone will exceed those, Mr. President, as it should. 
We used to be a nation of big ideas 
and big dreams. We imagined building the Hoover Dam and the Golden Gate Bridge and accomplished both in far less time than it has taken the Presi-dent to muster the courage to simply say ‘‘yes’’ or ‘‘no.’’ We can do better. 
The election, Mr. President, is over. 
There has been broad, bipartisan sup-port for this project from the very first day. The President has been hiding be-hind the Nebraska court case to block the critical jobs project called Key-stone XL, and with that contrived roadblock cleared, the White House is now out of excuses. Vote ‘‘yes.’’ 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. G
ENE 
GREEN ) for a unanimous consent re-
quest. 
(Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas asked 
and was given permission to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. 
Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 3. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 
3, a bill to approve the application for the con-struction of Keystone XL pipeline. 
I rise in support of this bill because I support 
North American energy development. 
Today, the Nebraska Supreme Court af-
firmed that Keystone XL should be built. 
Keystone XL pipeline not the first cross-bor-
der pipeline project built in North America. 
But if some opponents had their way, Key-
stone XL pipeline would be the last pipeline we built in North America. 
Energy prices are at their lowest point in the 
last decade. 
Energy imports from partners like Canada 
and Mexico, and domestic production, have put more than $900 a year in the pockets of the American people. 
Keystone XL will continue this success in a 
time of struggle. 
The United States still imports approxi-
mately 40 percent of the oil we use domesti-cally. 
The Organization of Petroleum Exporting 
Countries (OPEC) has decided to directly challenge the new North American energy market by maintaining, and in some cases, in-
creasing production. 
This is a direct affront to North American 
producers and an all-out price war. 
This, however, is a struggle we can win, 
with the help of our North American partners. 
Breakeven prices for North American crude, 
including Canadian oil sands and United States shale oil, are as low as $40 per barrel. 
Our producers can support our domestic de-
mand while further driving out more expensive competitors. 
Unfortunately, our domestic producers can-
not win without cost-effective and environ-mentally sound transportation. 
Keystone XL offers that advantage and I 
support it, although I do not believe H.R. 3 is the perfect legislation. 
I believe that oil sands should be subject to 
the Oil Spill Liability Trust Fund. 
Almost every other source of crude oil that 
transits the United States is subject to the Trust Fund tax and oil sands should be as well. 
It makes fiscal sense, it makes environ-
mental sense and it makes competitive sense. 
Oil sands should not be favored over any 
other sources in our country. 
The Keystone XL pipeline is the most scruti-
nized project in as long as I can remember. 
As we face the 114th Congress, we have 
real problems that require answers. 
Keystone XL pipeline is good for the United 
States, it’s good for North America and we should support this bill. 
b1145 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself 5 minutes. 
Today, Mr. Speaker, we are voting 
once again to grant special treat-ment—and I stress ‘‘special treat-ment’’—to TransCanada’s Keystone XL pipeline. It is the 10th time since Re-publicans took control of the House. 
American families face many press-
ing problems, and they want us to use this new Congress to work together to solve them. Unfortunately, we will begin this new year with a bill crafted solely to help the Canadian tar sands industry. The administration issued a statement in opposition to this legisla-tion and indicated that the President will veto the bill. I heard my Repub-lican colleagues talk about the action or inaction, whatever it was, by the Nebraska Supreme Court today; but I would stress that the White House press office still says in a statement that regardless of the Nebraska ruling today, the House bill still conflicts with longstanding executive branch procedures regarding the authority of the President and prevents the thor-ough consideration of complex issues that could bear on U.S. national inter-ests, and if presented to the President he will veto the bill. So the bill will still be vetoed by the President, which is another indication why we are wast-ing our time today. 
Mr. Speaker, oil prices are at their 
lowest level in more than 5 years. Gas prices are now below $2 a gallon. Do-mestic U.S. oil production is sky-rocketing. Tar sands are among the dirtiest and most carbon-intensive of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:58 Jan 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09JA7.022 H09JAPT1EMCDONALD on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H175 January 9, 2015 
all fossil fuels. Approving the Keystone 
XL pipeline will create a dependence on tar sands crude, reversing the car-bon pollution reductions we have been working so hard to accomplish. Accord-ing to some experts, building the Key-stone XL pipeline will triple produc-tion of the tar sands, and that is to-tally inconsistent with any future sce-nario for avoiding catastrophic climate change. 
We don’t need this oil. Approving and 
constructing this pipeline won’t lower gas prices for Americans. In some areas, it may even raise prices. This pipeline is a terrible deal for the United States. We get all of the risk while the oil companies will reap all of the rewards. 
I was at the Rules Committee the 
other night and all I kept hearing was how wonderful Canada is, how we have to help Canadian companies. This is all about Canada. Frankly, I don’t know why we are so worried about a Cana-dian corporation. It wasn’t clear during the Rules Committee hearing, based on the conversations and debate we had with the Republican side, that this pipeline would even ever be built. And yet here we are rushing to basically say to the President: We don’t care what you or the State Department or the Department of the Interior says what is in the national interest; we are just going to do this because of some Canadian interest. 
Mr. Speaker, this is a new year and a 
new Congress. We have new Members who will vote on this bill without the benefit of any hearings or markups or floor amendments, without the benefit of learning how our changing energy picture alters the need for this pipe-line, and without considering whether our time might be better spent on ef-forts to promote other cleaner energy sources. 
We need sound energy policy in these 
challenging times. As the ranking member of the Committee on Energy and Commerce, I am anxious to begin working with all of my colleagues on pragmatic energy policy; but we need a balanced energy policy, one that takes into account current circumstances, one that takes into account our need to combat climate change, and one that works with the President rather than against the President to actually deliver legislation that the President can sign rather than veto. This legisla-tion doesn’t meet any of these criteria, so I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on the bill. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WHITFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. O
LSON ), a member of the 
Energy and Commerce Committee. 
Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I thank my 
chairman and friend. 
Mr. Speaker, I speak today as a 
former naval aviator who flew along-side Canadian Armed Forces as we won the cold war. We have no greater ally than our neighbor to the north—Can-ada. We were attacked on September 11 and went to war in Afghanistan; they 
went with us. To date, nearly 200 of their precious sons have come home in coffins. That is a true ally. 
When Hurricane Katrina hit New Or-
leans in August 2005, within 3 days our neighbor to the north authorized three military vessels, a Coast Guard vessel, numerous planes, 25 military divers, and tons of tents, blankets, beds, water, and medical supplies. That is a true ally. 
And yet this strong alliance is being 
weakened dramatically because Presi-dent Obama has chosen to listen to a small group of wealthy radicals who want no drop of oil coming from our neighbor to the north—Canada. 
In November, I met with officials 
from Canada, officials from all over, from Leeds-Grenville and Nova Scotia. They were dismayed because we are telling them: We don’t want your oil; don’t help us. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentleman has expired. 
Mr. WHITFIELD. I yield an addi-
tional 30 seconds to the gentleman. 
Mr. OLSON. It is a bad world, Mr. 
President, with terrorists in Paris, and ISIS. Terrorists hit our country from North Korea. We need strong allies. 
Today, pick up two things, Mr. Presi-
dent: 
Pick up the phone, dial Mr. H
ARPER  
and say: I am going to approve this pipeline; 
After it passes in the Senate, pick up 
that pen and sign this bill into law. 
Let’s have a strong alliance with 
Canada forever. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair reminds all Members to direct their remarks to the Chair. 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 
minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. R
USH), the ranking member of the 
Energy and Power Subcommittee. 
Mr. RUSH. Mr. Speaker, I thank the 
ranking member. 
Mr. Speaker, I strongly oppose this 
bill, and I strongly disagree with this abhorrent process that the majority side has undertaken in order to hastily bring H.R. 3 to the floor after only 1 hour of debate and denying the minor-ity the ability to offer one single, soli-tary amendment. 
Truth be told, Mr. Speaker, it is un-
clear how this legislation would actu-ally be of benefit to the American peo-ple. A 2014 report by the State Depart-ment concluded that the Keystone pipeline would create 35 permanent, full-time domestic jobs, which is roughly the same amount of jobs that would be created by opening a new cor-ner fast-food burger joint, albeit with more risk to the American environ-ment. 
And furthermore, Mr. Speaker, this 
bill is unnecessary because there is al-ready an independent process that is taking place at this very moment, and H.R. 3 short-circuits this approval process. 
Furthermore, Mr. Speaker, let it be 
fully understood by all Members of this House, the President has indicated that 
he would veto this bill. This bill is dead on arrival if it ever reaches the Presi-dent’s desk. 
The State Department has already 
released its final supplemental envi-ronmental impact statement and has begun the review period to determine whether the pipeline is in the national interest. 
Mr. Speaker, more than 2.5 million 
Americans have contributed comments on how this foolhardy project would 
impact the national interest, and their voices, the voices of 2.5 million Ameri-cans, deserve to be heard. 
I have said it before, Mr. Speaker, 
and I say it again: this bill is about seizing power away from the American people. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentleman has expired. 
Mr. PALLONE. I yield an additional 
30 seconds to the gentleman. 
Mr. RUSH. This bill is about seizing 
power away from the American people by seizing power away from our duly- elected President. It will prevent the thorough, sober consideration of com-plex issues that could have serious se-curity, safety, environmental, and other ramifications. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge the Members of 
this body to vote ‘‘no.’’ The Keystone XL pipeline is a Republican pipe dream. 
Mr. WHITFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield 1 minute to the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCARTHY ). 
Mr. M CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I 
thank the gentleman for yielding. 
Mr. Speaker, as we stand on the floor 
debating a bill to approve the Keystone pipeline, we all need to admit that we shouldn’t be doing this. We should not have to be here today. 
It is 2,303 days after the application 
for Keystone was first submitted to the State Department. We shouldn’t be de-bating it; we should be building it. 
For years, approval has been stuck in 
the Senate. Well, now the Senate is open. The Senate is changed. It moved through committee. 
Mr. Speaker, for the longest time, 
the President hid behind the lengthy and delayed review process saying he wanted to wait to make a decision. He said he was waiting because of environ-mental and legal considerations. But Keystone won’t harm the environment; it will help protect it. The people know that. Mr. Speaker, the President knows that. 
Mr. Speaker, the President, before we 
even started the debate today, has sub-mitted a threat of a veto. I take these seriously as a majority leader, so I wanted to read it. Mr. Speaker, one of the rationales why the President wants to veto it is because this bill also au-thorizes the project, despite uncer-tainty due to ongoing litigation in Ne-braska. Well, hallelujah. We have good news for the President, Mr. Speaker. The Nebraska Supreme Court solved that problem for him today. 
So we should move forward just as we 
have done before on a bipartisan basis. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:58 Jan 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09JA7.024 H09JAPT1EMCDONALD on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H176 January 9, 2015 
Why? Because of 42,000 jobs. Those are 
American jobs created here, an econ-omy continuing to move forward. 
And rest assured, the oil in Canada 
will be produced. The question before us today: Will that oil move down through America, refined in American refineries, built by American women and men, or will it go to a whole other continent? 
We take up many issues here on this 
floor, but we have to look to the future and we have to build for a strong fu-ture. I want North America to be en-ergy independent. We all know the strength of that. I want an environ-mentally sound way to do it. Today does it. 
I listened to the President’s con-
cerns, Mr. Speaker. We have had 2,303 days. We have studied it. Our depart-ments have studied it. They have come back and said, environmentally, we are safe. There was a legal concern. Well, the Supreme Court dealt with that. 
So today we can join together, just 
as we have done before, in a bipartisan manner and pass this bill. There is a change in the Senate with an open process. They can pass it there, and it can go to the desk and be signed so 42,000 Americans can get back to work. 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentleman from Vermont (Mr. W
ELCH ), a member of the 
Energy and Commerce Committee. 
Mr. WELCH. Mr. Speaker, at the 
heart of this issue are two questions: First, is climate change real? Is it a threat to our economy, to jobs, to our environment, and to our security? 
Speaking for Vermont, climate 
change is real. In the past 5 years, Vermont has had 10 Federal disaster declarations from severe weather, in-cluding Tropical Storm Irene that did nearly $1 billion worth of damage. Our farmers, ski area operators, and maple sugar producers are all trying to con-tend with the changing climate. 
b1200 
Also, we know that that oil is the 
same. This is not sweet Texas crude. Tar sands produce about 20 to 40 per-cent more carbon emissions than that Texas oil, and extracting it is going to produce about 27 million metric tons of carbon emissions. 
The second question is this: Should 
Congress now or should Congress ever pass a major piece of legislation with-out any committee hearings, particu-larly when that legislation is only about oil going through our country, not to our country? 
And this legislation includes a spe-
cial provision that exempts a foreign corporation from contributing to an environmental cleanup fund all our do-mestic corporations are required to pay into. 
On the issue of jobs, these are good 
jobs, about 2,000 jobs. But if this Con-gress would do its job, we would pass a surface transportation bill that would create 200,000 jobs and put those 3 mil-lion men and women in our labor unions to work on good things that are 
going to rebuild this country. 
Mr. Speaker, this is the wrong bill, it 
is passed in the wrong way, and at ex-actly the wrong time. 
I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote. Mr. WHITFIELD. At this time, I 
yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Tennessee (Mrs. B
LACKBURN ), the 
vice chairman of the Energy and Com-merce Committee. 
Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Speaker, I 
want to thank the chairman from Ken-tucky for his tenacious work on this issue. This is the 10th time this has come to the floor and he has been dili-gent and has continued to push it, and we thank him for those efforts. 
I have to tell you, listening to this 
debate, it just goes to show you why the American people are so tired of what they consider to be the political games that are played here in Wash-ington. 
They said they wanted us to come 
and get some things done. This is get-ting some things done. It is appropriate that we take up this bill today. And here is why: Do you realize 88 percent of all Americans support energy inde-pendence—88 percent? Sixty-five per-cent of all Americans think that build-ing the Keystone pipeline is what this country should do. 
Now, I have to tell you, I listen to 
the President and to the excuses that come out of the administration, and I think that with the Supreme Court de-cision in Nebraska today the President is out of excuses. He is out of excuses. He has run the gamut on it. No more excuses. It is time that we pass it, the Senate passes it, and that this legisla-tion goes to the President’s desk. 
One of my colleagues said that being 
here on the floor today is a waste of time. I really disagree with that, Mr. Speaker. The President vetoing this legislation is a waste not only of the American people’s time, but of the re-sources and the taxpayer money that come into the coffers for this govern-ment to function. 
Create 20,000 new jobs, increase our 
energy supply, move us to energy inde-pendence. Pass the bill. 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, can I in-
quire as to how much time is available on both sides? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from New Jersey has 6 minutes remaining. The gentleman from Ken-tucky has 7
1⁄2minutes remaining. 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentleman from Geor-gia (Mr. D
AVID SCOTT). 
Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia. Mr. 
Speaker, this bill is a labor economics jobs bill. The American people need jobs. The labor unions who founded and built the middle class of this Nation need jobs. 
But, ladies and gentlemen, nobody 
needs jobs like young Black men. I see this as an opportunity here today. The highest unemployment rate is with Black young men. For Black young men between the ages of 19 and 35, the unemployment rate is 38 percent—38 
percent—and in some communities it is 50 percent. 
That is why I come before you today. 
I support the bill. But I want you all to help me support an amendment. You all know the amendment process is going on over in the Senate. 
Over in the Senate, Senator M
CCON-
NELL said he is open to amendments. 
Here is the amendment: the amend-ment would just put language in this bill that would put the apprenticeship programs, what they affectionately call ‘‘earn as you learn’’ on-the-job training—no Federal money—and tar-get those and guide and direct and en-courage in this language that our labor union partners bring in these young Af-rican American men to learn these trade building skills. Each of the labor unions are ready. They have the ap-prenticeship programs, they have them there. 
We need this desperately, ladies and 
gentlemen. Do you know that sitting in the prisons right now are 1 million Black men. Every week, thousands of our Black men are going into prison. The number one reason: they don’t 
have jobs. This is a jobs bill. Yeah, it has got maybe, some people say, 4,000, some people say 2,000, but there will be other jobs that they can learn these skills from when we rebuild our infra-structure. 
You all have seen the sign. Black 
lives matter, but Black lives with jobs. 
Help me get this amendment in on 
the Senate side and let’s pass this bill. 
Mr. WHITFIELD. Mr. Speaker, at 
this time, I yield 1 minute to the gen-tleman from Illinois (Mr. B
OST). 
Mr. BOST. Mr. Speaker, I thank the 
gentleman for yielding. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support 
of H.R. 3 and the construction of the Keystone XL pipeline. 
Part of the existing pipeline system 
actually supplies the Wood River Re-finery in the 12th Congressional Dis-trict in Illinois. 
In anticipation of the construction of 
this pipeline, the owners have spent $4 billion upgrading the facility and cre-ated about 2,400 jobs over a 4-year pe-riod. Construction of the Keystone XL extension would deliver similar bene-fits to other regions of the country, creating over 42,000 jobs in construc-tion, manufacturing, transportation, and services industries. 
It is for these reasons that a diverse 
coalition of businesses and labor unions in the construction and building trades industries have come out in sup-port of H.R. 3, and I encourage all of my colleagues to do the same. 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 
minute to the gentlewoman from Cali-fornia (Mrs. D
AVIS). 
Mrs. DAVIS of California. Mr. Speak-
er, how does this one project, the Key-stone XL pipeline, get so much out-sized attention? We currently have a sprawling, 185,000-mile network of oil pipelines in the United States and a regulatory process to ensure that they are operating safely. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:58 Jan 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09JA7.025 H09JAPT1EMCDONALD on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H177 January 9, 2015 
So why are we spending so much 
time trying to exempt a Canadian com-pany from the environmental reviews that every other company in America has to abide by? 
And the big question, Mr. Speaker: 
Who will pay for any future oil spills? Not Keystone. This bill exempts Key-stone from contributing the same 8 cents per barrel that every other oil company is required to pay into the oil spill trust fund. 
Tell me, Mr. Speaker, why is this? If 
the authors are so certain that this pipeline does not carry any environ-mental risk, won’t they allow the re-view process to run its course? 
I stand with my colleagues. I want 
those jobs, I want them around the country. We can do this, we can do bet-ter. 
I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on this dangerous 
precedent, Mr. Speaker. 
Mr. WHITFIELD. At this time, I 
yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the distinguished 
gentleman from Illinois (Mr. S HIMKUS ), 
a member of the Energy and Commerce Committee. 
(Mr. SHIMKUS asked and was given 
permission to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, I also 
want to say congratulations again to my friend Congressman P
ALLONE for 
assuming the ranking position. We look forward to working with you. 
Today is a great day. This pipeline 
should have been approved 6 years ago, like so many other transnational pipe-lines in our history. A pipeline is the safest way to move bulk liquid product, more than any other means. It will be from an ally, a trusted ally. More crude oil on the world market lowers prices for everybody. It is more money in the individual citizen’s pocket. It actually is a very great day. 
Let’s just debunk this myth. This oil 
is going to go in refineries in my dis-trict, M
IKEBOST’s district, Ohio, Indi-
ana, and in the gulf coast. We are going to get the double effort because we are going to be able to refine this, put it on the U.S. market, and lower energy prices for all our citizens. It is a great day. 
Thank you, Mr. Chairman, for bring-
ing it to the floor. 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY ). 
Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New 
York. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition. 
We have been promised thousands of 
jobs, but the U.S. State Department es-timates that this will create only 35 permanent jobs. Yes, they will be con-struction jobs, but they are not perma-nent. They are for a year, maybe 2 years. 
Let’s be clear about what we are get-
ting with Keystone: a dirty and dan-gerous pipeline running through the heart of our country which will help Canadian oil companies export their oil, and it happens to be the filthiest possible energy form. 
I would like to say that if we put the 
same time and energy into a transpor-tation bill as we have to this Canadian 
pet project, we could upgrade our crumbling roads and bridges, expand our mass transit system, provide a huge boost to the American economy, and create jobs in almost every single congressional district in this country, thousands and thousands of permanent jobs in our good country. 
We don’t need another pipeline divid-
ing our country, polluting our water, pushing us closer and closer to the cli-mate tipping point. A transportation overhaul will actually create jobs that Americans can live off of. Keystone will not, unless what they are consid-ering with these jobs are just the 35 permanent jobs. And maybe they are considering that there will be jobs to create the leaks and the pollution and treat the pollution and illnesses that may be associated with the pollution. 
I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote. We should invest 
in American companies. We should in-vest in American pipelines. We should invest in American jobs that are here in America for Americans and are per-manent. 
Again, the State Department esti-
mates that there will be only 35 perma-nent jobs. So what are we getting? No jobs and pollution from the dirtiest oil source and energy source that is on the Earth at this point. 
Mr. WHITFIELD. Mr. Speaker, would 
you explain again the amount of time remaining on each side? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Kentucky has 5
1⁄2minutes 
remaining. The gentleman from New Jersey has 1 minute remaining. 
Mr. WHITFIELD. At this time, I 
yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Mississippi (Mr. H
ARPER ), a member of 
the Energy and Commerce Committee. 
Mr. HARPER. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
the chairman. 
Here we are again working to pass a 
bill to approve construction of the northern portion of the Keystone XL pipeline. Again, with the facts on our side. Again, with bipartisan support in both Houses of Congress. And again, under threat of a veto. But with the new Republican majority in the Sen-ate, the President just might get to make good on his veto threat this time, and we should force him to make that decision. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
job-creating, North American energy- producing, bipartisan, labor union- and Chamber of Commerce-supported, shov-el-ready project. The American people asked for H.R. 3. We have waited long enough. 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I re-
serve the balance of my time. 
Mr. WHITFIELD. At this time, I 
yield 1 minute to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. R
OUZER ). 
b1215 
Mr. ROUZER. Mr. Speaker, I have 
heard more than one person say com-mon sense isn’t so common anymore. Boy, isn’t that right? Well, today, we have a unique opportunity to pass com-monsense legislation that will truly 
help the American people and strength-en America. 
I am proud to cosponsor H.R. 3, the 
Keystone XL Pipeline Act. It is pro-jected this pipeline will create more than 40,000 good-paying jobs, and it will create far more good jobs indirectly by increasing our energy supply. 
At a time when our families are 
struggling to make ends meet, it is ir-responsible for the President to walk away from doing what is right for America. Building the pipeline will help us achieve energy independence. This is an opportunity to strengthen our position in the world, eliminate a key revenue source for our enemies, and strengthen our economy by low-ering fuel prices even more. 
I urge my colleagues in both Cham-
bers and the President to support the Keystone XL Pipeline Act. This is an opportunity to show the American peo-ple that there is still a glimmer of hope for good old common sense. 
Mr. WHITFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield 1 minute to the distinguished gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. R
US-
SELL). 
Mr. RUSSELL. Mr. Speaker, as a 
combat veteran, we should never have to fight for something that we can so readily produce here. Why should we put competitors in leverage over our economy and give them dollars to use against us? 
We hear a lot of talk from progres-
sives on the environment, Mr. Speaker. Imagine a life without petroleum, no cell phones, no asphalt for roads, no 
synthetic clothing, no plastics. On what do progressives suppose we run our magnificent Nation and lifestyle? Perhaps their answer is sweet bubble love and rainbow stew. 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, the Keystone XL pipe-
line moves us in exactly the wrong di-rection: enabling production of the dirtiest crude oil on the planet to ex-pand and increasing our carbon pollu-tion for decades to come. 
We still have a lot of work to do to 
cut our carbon pollution and avoid cat-astrophic carbon change. The con-centration of carbon dioxide in the at-mosphere just hit 400 parts per million for the first time in human history. 
Although this administration is mak-
ing great progress, we are far from achieving our pollution reduction goals, and the need to act is more ur-gent than ever. I would urge my col-leagues to vote ‘‘no.’’ The President is going to veto this legislation. It is just a political exercise at this point. 
Again, it bothers me that I hear so 
much from the other side about trying to help this Canadian company. We should be concerned about the United States. We should be concerned about the world and the environment that re-sults from climate change and the con-tinued production of greenhouse gases. 
My concern and the concern of the 
President is that this is simply not leg-islation that has been proven to be, so 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:58 Jan 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09JA7.026 H09JAPT1EMCDONALD on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H178 January 9, 2015 
far, in the national interest. The Presi-
dent is just asking for more time to make that determination. 
Vote ‘‘no,’’ and I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
Mr. WHITFIELD. Mr. Speaker, how 
much time is remaining? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Kentucky has 2
1⁄2minutes 
remaining. 
Mr. WHITFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield 30 seconds to the gentleman from North Dakota (Mr. C
RAMER ). 
Mr. CRAMER. I thank the chairman 
for yielding. 
Mr. Speaker, I just wanted to address 
a couple of things. 
First of all, I will place in the 
RECORD letters I received from the 
Small Business and Entrepreneurship Council and Caterpillar. 
JANUARY 7, 2015. 
Hon. K EVIN CRAMER , 
Longworth Building, Washington, DC. 
D
EARREPRESENTATIVE CRAMER : The Small 
Business & Entrepreneurship Council (SBE Council) and our nationwide membership of business owners and entrepreneurs strongly support H.R. 3, the ‘‘Keystone XL Pipeline Act.’’ 
Delays in approving this important project 
cannot be justified on any grounds. This is a critical energy supply and security issue, as well as being vital for U.S. economic growth, job creation and small business development. 
This project means quality job growth, 
new business formation, and an increase in oil supplies from reliable sources. The build-ing and operation of Keystone XL would ben-efit small businesses via affordable energy and economic growth. Small businesses with-in the energy sector would see growth oppor-tunities as a result of the pipeline’s con-struction and operation. An underreported fact is that the U.S. energy sector is domi-nated by small businesses. 
Consider the latest U.S. Census Bureau 
data: 
Among oil and gas extraction businesses, 
91.1 percent of employer firms in 2011 had less than 20 workers. 
Among oil and gas pipeline and related 
structures construction businesses, 65.5 per-cent of employer firms in 2011 had less than 20 workers. 
And among oil and gas field machinery and 
equipment manufacturing businesses, 57.6 percent of employer firms in 2011 had less than 20 workers. 
Among support for oil and gas operations 
businesses, 83.3 percent of employer firms in 2011 had less than 20 workers. 
Among drilling oil and gas wells busi-
nesses, 79.8 percent of employer firms in 2011 had less than 20 workers. 
The energy business is all about small 
business. A new study released by SBE Coun-cil on November 13, 2014, found that small businesses are driving America’s energy ren-aissance. For example, from 2005–2012, con-struction businesses related to oil and gas pipeline and related structures grew by 12.2 percent among firms with less than 20 work-ers; oil and gas extraction businesses grew by 4.1 percent among firms with less than 20 workers; businesses drilling oil and gas wells grew by 7.9 percent among firms with less than 20 workers; businesses supporting oil and gas operations grew by 29.1 percent among firms with less than 20 workers; and manufacturing businesses related to oil and gas field machinery and equipment grew by 8.5 percent among firms with less than 20 workers. It is important to understand that during this same period, the total number of 
small and mid-size employer firms declined, but the opposite was true in the energy sec-tor. Construction of Keystone XL would mean increased small business growth, op-portunities for entrepreneurs, and a stronger economy for America. 
A vote in favor of H.R. 3 is a vote for small 
business and quality job creation. Thank you for considering America’s small business sec-tor on this critical issue. SBE Council and its members look forward to House passage of H.R. 3. 
Sincerely, 
K
AREN KERRIGAN , 
President & CEO. 
JANUARY 8, 2015. 
Hon. K EVIN CRAMER , 
Longworth House Office Building, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR CONGRESSMAN CRAMER : On behalf of 
Caterpillar Inc., I write today in support of H.R. 3 the ‘‘Keystone XL Pipeline Act’’, which would authorize construction of the Keystone XL Pipeline. Caterpillar has long supported the construction of the Keystone XL Pipeline because of its significant eco-nomic and energy security benefits to North America. 
As the world’s leading manufacturer of 
construction and mining equipment, diesel and natural gas engines, industrial gas tur-bines, and locomotives; along with our com-mitment to providing leading financial, re-manufacturing, logistics and rail services, Caterpillar has been making sustainable progress possible on every continent for more than 80 years. 
With energy related products and services 
accounting for over one-fourth of our busi-ness, Caterpillar, our dealers, and our cus-tomers are uniquely positioned to provide so-lutions to the world’s energy challenges. Through our core business and through new innovative technologies, Caterpillar is one of the world’s leading technology suppliers to the diverse energy market and leverages its technology and innovation to meet the world’s growing energy needs. 
In the United States, the approval and con-
struction of the Keystone XL Pipeline would result in billions of dollars of investment, create tens of thousands of jobs, and would allow for the movement of hundreds of thou-sands of barrels of oil per day. Pipelines are a safe, reliable, economical, and environ-mentally favorable way to transport oil and petroleum products, as well as other energy liquids throughout the U.S. America already depends on thousands of miles of liquid pipe-lines to move the energy and raw materials our country relies on for everything from heating homes to powering manufacturing facilities. This additional pipeline capacity will help consumers and business throughout the United States and increase American competitiveness. 
Caterpillar commends you for your leader-
ship on this critical issue and looks forward to working with you on the approval of this important project. 
Sincerely, 
K
ATHRYN D. K AROL , 
Vice President. 
Mr. CRAMER. Mr. Speaker, I want to 
address the climate change issue be-cause I think it is an important issue to a lot of people. 
The argument that the other side 
makes is based on the false idea that somehow oil sands are not going to be developed without the United States. It is. Moving anything by rail is 1.9 times more the emissions of CO
2than moving 
it by pipeline. Moving it by truck cre-ates 2.8 times the CO 2emissions as 
moving it by pipeline. Moving it by barge to China is priceless. 
Mr. WHITFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
In conclusion, I would like to point 
out a couple of things. First of all, this was a significant issue in the last elec-tion just a couple of months ago. This is a piece of legislation about the American people, not a Canadian oil company. In polls, 72 percent of the American people say they support this legislation. 
This is about jobs for people in Amer-
ica who need jobs. This is about in-creasing the energy infrastructure of our country. This is also a project that would not include one dime from the Federal Government. It is going to be at a cost of approximately $7 billion of private funds that will create a lot of jobs and make us less dependent on for-eign oil. 
The application for the Keystone 
pipeline was filed in September of 2008. There are 2.6 million miles of pipelines in America. Most of those pipelines do not have to be approved by the Presi-dent of the United States, but in this particular pipeline, since it crosses into the country from Canada to the U.S., the President must approve it. 
The President has said that one rea-
son he is not going to approve it is be-cause of litigation in Nebraska, which ended today in favor of the Governor of Nebraska who supports this pipeline. 
The second ostensible reason for the 
President to oppose it is CO
2emissions; 
yet the Secretary of State’s office under Hillary Clinton and Mr. Kerry in their final Supplemental Environ-mental Impact Statement have said on three occasions that it will have mini-mal impact on the environment. 
Today, we want to pass this legisla-
tion once again for the American peo-ple. The U.S. Senate said that they will pass it, and we would ask the President to join us and sign this legislation. 
I would urge the passage of H.R. 3, 
and I yield back the balance of my time. 
Ms. CLARKE of New York. Mr. Speaker, the 
majority has chosen the first week of the 114th Congress to relitigate the battles of the previous two Congresses. This time, we’re here debating whether or not to approve a pipeline, through our nation’s Heartland, car-rying Canadian tar sand oil. 
There are many reasons why I’m opposed 
to this legislation, Mr. Speaker, the fact that oil produced from tar sands creates 17% more carbon emissions than other crudes; the po-tentially devastating impact wrought by this heavy crude should a pipeline rupture occur; or that my constituents are enjoying the best prices at the pump in several years without the completion of this pipeline due to the record glut in global oil supply. 
Without even getting into the disappointing 
number of permanent jobs created by this project, which is 50, Mr. Speaker; the Presi-dent has already clearly stated that he will veto this measure should it ever make it to his desk. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:58 Jan 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K09JA7.028 H09JAPT1EMCDONALD on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H179 January 9, 2015 
So at the end of the day Mr. Speaker, what 
are we really talking about here? 
It would seem to me that instead of trying to 
score political points and refighting old battles, the 114th Congress should be using its first week to bring legislation to the floor that fos-ters an environment of innovation, energy di-versification and an investment in clean, do-mestic forms of renewable energy. Policies that would create hundreds of thousands of new, permanent jobs while also ensuring en-ergy independence for years to come. 
While I understand that some of my Demo-
cratic Colleagues are in favor, I would strongly urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on this misguided legislation. 
Mr. BABIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in 
strong support of H.R. 3, the Keystone XL Pipeline Act. For far too long, President Obama has impeded construction of the Key-stone XL pipeline—costing the American peo-ple thousands of good-paying jobs and block-ing an affordable source of energy. In the face of his continued obstruction, I proudly joined a strong bipartisan group of my colleagues vot-ing to put an end to Obama’s obstruction and approving the Keystone XL pipeline. 
This legislation is not only good for America, 
but it is also uniquely important to the 36th District of Texas. The pipeline will bring an economic boost to our area through its con-struction and new energy supply. For six years President Obama has put politics above what is good for the American people and our local and national economy. This is an important step in putting more Americans back to work, creating opportunity to good jobs and growing our national economy. 
Mr. MARCHANT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to urge passage of The Keystone XL Pipeline Act. 
The Keystone Pipeline represents a critical 
asset in our efforts to increase energy security and reduce our dependence on Mid-East oil. It would also further lower prices at the pump for American families. 
Most importantly, the Pipeline would create 
thousands of jobs in Texas and across the United States. 
The President has threatened to veto this 
legislation and ignore the will of the American people. Six years of stalling is enough. 
The Administration should stop standing in 
the way of a stronger energy future and thou-sands of new American jobs. Keystone must be approved immediately. 
Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise in oppo-
sition to H.R. 3, the Keystone XL Pipeline Act. While I welcome an open and transparent de-bate about whether building this pipeline is in our national interest, that is not what this legis-lation is about. Instead, we are being asked to circumvent the administration’s permitting process and pass legislation that has been rushed to the House floor, without consider-ation by any committee or proceeding through regular order. This is no way to legislate. 
The people of Michigan sent me to Con-
gress to fight for our shared values. And no one knows better than the people of my state the importance of protecting our natural re-sources. This legislation puts those resources at risk by exempting the operators of the pipe-line from paying into the Oil Spill Liability Trust Fund, which helps the federal government re-spond to oil spills. It also waives all the re-quirements of the Endangered Species Act and the National Environmental Policy Act, 
both of which contain critical environmental protections that cannot be ignored. I simply cannot support legislation which sets these landmark laws aside. 
Congress needs to have a real and thought-
ful debate on how we promote clean energy in the United States. I am ready to have that de-bate, but until then, I cannot support flawed legislation that puts our natural resources at risk. 
I urge all my colleagues to join me in oppos-
ing H.R. 3. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time 
for debate has expired. 
Pursuant to House Resolution 19, the 
previous question is ordered on the bill. 
The question is on the engrossment 
and third reading of the bill. 
The bill was ordered to be engrossed 
and read a third time, and was read the third time. 
MOTION TO RECOMMIT  
Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I 
have a motion to recommit at the desk. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is the 
gentleman opposed to the bill? 
Mr. GARAMENDI. I am. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Clerk will report the motion to recom-mit. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Mr. Garamendi moves to recommit the bill 
H.R. 3 to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure with instructions to re-port the same back to the House forthwith with the following amendment: 
At the end of the bill, add the following: 
SEC. 3. REQUIREMENT THAT TRANSCANADA KEY-
STONE PIPELINE, L.P. PAY FOR ANY OIL SPILL CLEANUP ON AMERICAN SOIL. 
In the approval process authorized under 
this Act, TransCanada Keystone Pipeline, L.P. shall certify to the President that di-luted bitumen and other materials derived from tar sands or oil sands that are trans-ported through the Keystone XL pipeline will be treated as crude oil for the purposes of determining contributions that fund the Oil Spill Liability Trust Fund. 
Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, I reserve a 
point of order. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. A point 
of order is reserved. 
Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman 
from California is recognized for 5 min-utes in support of his motion. 
Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to offer an amendment to this bill. Passage of this amendment will not prevent the passage of the under-lying bill. If it is adopted, my amend-ment will simply be incorporated into the bill, and the bill will immediately be voted upon. 
Mr. Speaker, I don’t know if a ques-
tion is appropriate, but is this Feb-ruary 2? Is this Groundhog Day? I am curious. This is the 10th time this bill has been before the House, and those who are in support would argue, ‘‘Enough is enough. Let’s pass it and get on with it.’’ 
Those of us in opposition would say, 
‘‘Well, why haven’t you written a bill that is sufficient to the problems 
raised by the pipeline?’’ 
Specifically, 10 times on this floor— 
and even additional times in com-mittee—the issue of the Oil Spill Li-ability Trust Fund has been raised. We have raised that issue 10 times. It has been debated here on the floor. I have heard five, six people speak to that issue. 
The chairmen of the committee are 
well aware that this bill has a huge loophole in it allowing one company that owns a pipeline to avoid paying into the Oil Spill Liability Trust Fund. 
Why in the world would we move a 
bill that allows this company, unique among all others, to not participate in a very, very important part of the pro-tection of communities and the envi-ronment? 
The Kalamazoo issue has been raised 
here—the spill. Over $60 million was paid for by the Oil Spill Liability Trust Fund and then reimbursed by the pipe-line company. 
Let’s do something right. This is 
great fun: back and forth, back and forth. We kick this thing around. We may get some political points on one side or the other. But why in the world don’t we write a decent piece of legisla-tion? Why don’t we do it right? Why would we exempt one company among all of the others of hundreds of pipeline companies and allow this one Canadian company—and I love Canada, my son- in-law is a Canadian. 
This is about doing what is right. 
This amendment would simply include this company being required to partici-pate in the Oil Spill Liability Trust Fund. It is a lot of dollars. It is about $24 million a year. That is a pretty good tax break. Who among us would not like to have that tax break? I guess we are all going to stand up because we want to have it. 
The rest of the story is this: we have 
spent an enormous amount of time on this issue when, in fact, as has been said here many times by proponents and opponents, we ought to get on to real infrastructure. 
Consider the time spent on this issue 
when you consider the time that has been spent on transportation bills on this floor. Consider the time that we must spend figuring out how to pay for repairing our bridges, building our highways, our ports, our airports. Con-sider that time. 
Ten times, this bill has been here. 
Ten times, this House has ignored a tax break that is not warranted. It will allow to move forward to the Senate a bill that, in its very substance, pro-vides an unwarranted, unnecessary, and grossly unequal tax break to one company among all the other pipeline companies. 
This amendment simply comes to the 
point of making sure that this pipeline 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Jan 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09JA7.009 H09JAPT1EMCDONALD on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H180 January 9, 2015 
company, like every other petroleum 
pipeline company in America, pays its fair share of the Oil Spill Liability Trust Fund, which is essential. 
I see some of my friends from Michi-
gan here. You know how important this is. The Kalamazoo River was a big deal—$60 million thus far and more to come. The Oil Spill Liability Trust Fund was there to provide the early money for the cleanup. 
It is important, folks. My colleagues, 
this is important. Let’s do it right. This is our 10th time. Let’s do it right. Adopt this amendment. We clear up one problem in the bill. We remove one point of opposition, and we do what is right. 
I ask for your ‘‘aye’’ vote, and I yield 
back the balance of my time. 
Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, I withdraw 
my point of order and seek time in op-position to the motion to recommit. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The res-
ervation of a point of order is with-drawn. 
The gentleman from Michigan is rec-
ognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, I appre-
ciate the motion to recommit, and I would just say to all my colleagues: our side certainly views that as a pro-cedural issue, not as a real amendment. 
I would say that in the markup that 
we had on this bill in earlier years, I pledged to work with Mrs. C
APPS on 
our committee to find a solution that would be fair to the bill. 
I support the concept of what the 
gentleman is doing, and in fact, I sent a letter in 2012 to the then-chairman of the Ways and Means Committee, Dave Camp, asking for help on this, and we were hoping that we would see com-prehensive tax reform, and this would have been included as part of that. 
b1230 
But that did not happen. We didn’t 
get tax reform. 
So as this bill comes forward, a re-
view does have to be made in terms of how to treat crude oil derived from oil sands for the purposes of the Oil Spill Liability Trust Fund. But I have to say that really is a Ways and Means issue, now a Transportation issue, not an En-ergy and Commerce issue. 
I know that this issue is going to be 
raised in the Senate with an amend-ment probably in the next week. I would just say to the gentleman and those that support this idea, I look for-ward to working with our Senate col-leagues, Republicans and Democrats, as well as Republicans and Democrats in this body to, in fact, address this sit-uation that does need to happen. 
But as a motion to recommit, we 
shouldn’t do it now. So let my Demo-crat friends vote ‘‘yes.’’ I would urge my Republicans on this side to vote ‘‘no.’’ I just want to give them the as-surance that, in fact, as this bill moves into the conference, as what I expect to happen, that I certainly intend to see an understanding go forward. 
Mr. SHUSTER. Will the gentleman 
yield? Mr. UPTON. I yield to the gentleman 
from Pennsylvania (Mr. S
HUSTER ), the 
chairman of the Transportation Com-mittee. 
Mr. SHUSTER. I thank the gen-
tleman. 
I am in agreement with the chairman 
of Energy and Commerce. This is, again, something to be dealt with on a tax bill. 
Two things that are good have hap-
pened today. One, the Nebraska Su-preme Court has removed the final hur-dle to move this bill forward; and num-ber two, my good friend from Cali-fornia and I agreed today on some-thing—that this thing should be dealt with. But this is not the place or the time to deal with it. 
Moving forward, we want to make 
sure that this is dealt with in the prop-er way, and I believe that the Ways and Means Committee will do that. 
Mr. GARAMENDI. Will the gen-
tleman yield? 
Mr. UPTON. I yield to the gentleman 
from California. 
Mr. GARAMENDI. Thank you so very 
much. 
I have enormous respect for the two 
of you, and this issue has been before us many, many times. If we wait for a comprehensive tax reform, the tar sands may be totally eliminated and used up. We have an opportunity today to get it done. 
Mr. UPTON. Reclaiming my time, we 
understand that this will not be part of a comprehensive tax reform bill. We need to act earlier than that. 
With the Senate now passing a bill, 
in all likelihood next week, likely with an amendment addressing this situa-tion, we can deal with it as part of that conference report, and I look forward to supporting that and the inclusion of such in the final package. 
I would again urge my colleagues to 
vote ‘‘no’’ on the procedural motion to recommit so that we can get to final passage. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without 
objection, the previous question is or-dered on the motion to recommit. 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion to recommit. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, on 
that I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 9 of rule XX, the Chair will reduce to 5 minutes the minimum time for any electronic vote on the question of passage of the bill. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 180, nays 237, not voting 12, as follows: 
[Roll No. 15] 
YEAS—180 
Adams 
Aguilar Ashford 
Bass Beatty 
Becerra Bera 
Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici 
Boyle (PA) Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu (CA) Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle (PA) Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson 
Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu (CA) Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan 
Norcross Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz 
Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NAYS—237 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock 
Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Duffy Duncan (SC) Ellmers Emmer Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) 
Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice (GA) Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:58 Jan 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09JA7.031 H09JAPT1EMCDONALD on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H181 January 9, 2015 
King (NY) 
Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson 
Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price (GA) Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schock Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus 
Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—12 
Ca´rdenas 
Duckworth Duncan (TN) Fincher Gosar Hinojosa 
McMorris 
Rodgers 
Moore O’Rourke Pearce 
Sanchez, Loretta Thompson (MS) 
b1256 
Mrs. ELLMERS, Messrs. BYRNE, 
HANNA, and STEWART changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ 
Mr. ASHFORD, Ms. D
ELBENE, 
Messrs. PAYNE, NEAL, Mses. CASTOR of Florida and KAPTUR changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ 
So the motion to recommit was re-
jected. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
MOMENT OF SILENCE IN REMEMBRANCE OF  
VICTIMS OF TERRORIST ATTACKS IN FRANCE  
The SPEAKER. The Chair would ask 
all present to rise for the purpose of a moment of silence. 
The Chair asks that the House now 
observe a moment of silence in mem-ory of the victims of the terrorist at-tacks in France. 
Without objection, 5-minute voting 
will continue. 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER. The question is on 
the passage of the bill. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, on that 
I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER. This is a 5-minute 
vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 266, nays 153, answered ‘‘present’’ 1, not voting 9, as follows: [Roll No. 16] 
YEAS—266 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Clyburn Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Doyle (PA) Duffy Duncan (SC) Ellmers Emmer Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grothman 
Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice (GA) Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jackson Lee Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry 
Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price (GA) Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schock Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Sessions Sewell (AL) Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Veasey Vela Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—153 
Adams Aguilar Bass Beatty Becerra Bera 
Beyer Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle (PA) Brown (FL) 
Brownley (CA) Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu (CA) Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cohen Connolly Conyers Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Grayson Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins 
Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu (CA) Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moulton Nadler Napolitano Neal Pallone Pascrell 
Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Serrano Sherman Sinema Slaughter Smith (WA) 
Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Wasserman 
Schultz 
Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
ANSWERED ‘‘PRESENT’’—1 
Amash 
NOT VOTING—9 
Duckworth 
Duncan (TN) Fincher Gosar 
Hinojosa Moore O’Rourke 
Sanchez, Loretta Thompson (MS) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
DOLD) (during the vote). There are 2 
minutes remaining. 
b1305 
So the bill was passed. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
Mr. CROWLEY. Mr. Speaker, myself 
and other members of the New York delegation were not able to be here on swearing-in day because we were at-tending the funeral of former Governor Mario Cuomo in New York, and we were also not here to cast a vote for Speaker of the House. 
Had I been present during that vote, 
I would have cast my ballot for the right Honorable N
ANCY PELOSI of Cali-
fornia, and I would like the R ECORD to 
reflect my vote for Ms. P ELOSI . 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
Mr. MEEKS. Mr. Speaker, I was with 
Mr. C ROWLEY attending the funeral on 
Monday of former Governor Mario 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:58 Jan 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09JA7.016 H09JAPT1EMCDONALD on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H182 January 9, 2015 
Cuomo, and therefore I was not able to 
be here. 
Had I been here, I would have cast 
my vote for Speaker for the Honorable N
ANCY PELOSI from California, and I 
want the R ECORD to reflect the same. 
f 
b1315 
LEGISLATIVE PROGRAM 
(Mr. HOYER asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise for 
the purpose of inquiring of the major-ity leader the schedule for the week to come. So at this point, I am pleased to yield to my friend from California (Mr. M
CCARTHY ), the majority leader. 
Mr. M CCARTHY. I thank my friend 
for yielding. 
Mr. Speaker, on Monday, the House 
will meet at noon for morning-hour and 2 p.m. for legislative business. Votes will be postponed until 6:30 p.m. On Tuesday, the House will meet at 10 a.m. for morning-hour and noon for legislative business. On Wednesday, the House will meet at 9 a.m. for legisla-tive business. Last votes of the week are expected around noon. On Thursday and Friday, no votes are expected. 
Mr. Speaker, the House will consider 
a number of suspensions next week, a complete list of which will be an-nounced by close of business today. 
In addition, the House will consider 
H.R. 186, the Regulatory Account-ability Act, authored by Chairman G
OODLATTE . This bipartisan bill will 
modernize the regulatory process, en-sure transparency, and reduce overly burdensome costs that are hurting job creators across the country. 
The House will also consider H.R. 37, 
the Promoting Job Creation and Re-ducing Small Business Burdens Act, authored by the gentleman from Penn-sylvania, Representative F
ITZPATRICK , 
which includes bipartisan reforms to reduce red tape and ensure that small businesses have access to the capital they need to grow. 
Finally, the House is expected to con-
sider legislation to fund the Depart-ment of Homeland Security and re-spond to the President’s unconstitu-tional executive action. 
Mr. HOYER. I thank the gentleman 
for the information he has given us. 
First, Mr. Speaker, I want to con-
gratulate the majority leader for bring-ing to the floor in a timely fashion the Terrorism Risk Insurance Act, which we passed overwhelmingly in a bipar-tisan fashion. I think that it was very, very important that we got that through the House early. As the major-ity leader knows, the Senate has al-ready passed that bill, and it is on its way to the President. That, obviously, will raise the confidence level of those who are going to create jobs and enter into construction projects. It is very important for our economy and for our communities. So I thank the majority leader for his quick action and leader-ship on that issue. Mr. Speaker, I am hopeful the major-
ity leader can inform us of what form the Department of Homeland Security appropriation bill will come to the floor. And what I mean by ‘‘what form,’’ the committee bill, obviously, will be supported almost unanimously on both sides—certainly on this side of the aisle unanimously—if, in fact, it is the funding levels that resulted from the agreement between the Republican Party and the Democratic Party and passed overwhelmingly, known as the Ryan-Murray budget numbers. 
The committee marked up its bill, 
reported it out. It was included in the omnibus. But it was included, as the gentleman knows, only until February 27. 
Can the gentleman tell me whether 
that will come to the floor as reported out of committee? And when I say ‘‘committee,’’ I mean the House Appro-priations Committee. Or when reported out, will it be considered under a rule? And if considered under a rule, will that rule allow amendments? 
And I yield to my friend. Mr. M
CCARTHY. I thank the gen-
tleman for yielding. 
The base bill will reflect the Appro-
priations Committee’s bipartisan, bi-cameral negotiations on funding for the Department of Homeland Security, the text of which will be available later today. And to answer the question, yes, the funding level will be at that. 
We also will consider a series of 
amendments which respond to the President’s executive action, and I ex-pect the text of those will be available a little later today. 
Mr. HOYER. I thank the gentleman. I am pretty sure I understand exactly 
what the gentleman said. Therefore, those amendments will be offered on the floor and will not be incorporated in the base bill? 
Mr. M
CCARTHY. That is correct. 
Mr. HOYER. I thank the gentleman. When will the hearing on the rule be 
held so that our Members can know; so that if they have amendments they would like to offer, they can appear at the Rules Committee? 
And I yield to my friend. Mr. M
CCARTHY. I thank the gen-
tleman for yielding. 
I anticipate the Rules Committee 
meeting on Monday. 
Mr. HOYER. I thank the gentleman 
for that, and I will make sure that our Members know that. 
Mr. Speaker, I know the Speaker just 
held a moment of silence—and I will be saying something in a few minutes—on the tragic events that have happened in France, the loss of life in the initial incident, in the hostage-taking, and of the law enforcement officer. Clearly this was in France, but we know that we are all vulnerable in all of the free world. 
I would urge the majority leader to 
ensure that the Homeland Security bill passes this House in a bipartisan fash-ion. And what I mean by that is, I know there are going to be amend-ments offered. I know his side of the 
aisle is very concerned and believes— and he has asserted—that the actions taken by the President were unconsti-tutional. We do not share that view, as the gentleman knows, that they were unconstitutional. We believe the execu-tive was within his authority and pros-ecutorial discretion on the executive side of the government. But we also know that that issue is going to be an issue of substantial debate, discussion, and I am sure other legislative actions. 
Mr. Speaker, I would urge the major-
ity leader to—I think it is in the best interest making sure the Homeland Se-curity bill is passed so there is no doubt as to the resources that the Homeland Security Department will have to protect all Americans, to pro-tect our homeland, and to coordinate extensively. 
Secretary Johnson has made state-
ments this week that the failure to have full funding for the Department of Homeland Security has already im-peded his ability and the Department’s ability to act fully on behalf of the se-curity of this country. 
So, Mr. Majority Leader, I know that 
all 435 of us are committed to making sure that we do everything we can to keep our homeland safe and our people safe. And I would hope that we would have nothing included in the bill which would be very controversial, reflecting our differences, when the underlying bill, I think, is not controversial, when the underlying bill is something on which we can almost unanimously, I think, agree and is something that ought to be passed and ought to be signed by the President and ought to give the Department of Homeland Se-curity the full resources it needs to keep America safe. 
And I would be glad to yield to my 
friend, the majority leader. 
Mr. M
CCARTHY. I thank the gen-
tleman for yielding. 
As the gentleman knows, currently, 
the Department of Homeland Security is funded up until February 27. But as was noted, next week is the second week back in. And we are taking this up in the second week because I believe on both sides of the aisle, we care about the homeland, we care about our security, and this is something that has been worked on together. And in-side this body, we have a constitu-tional responsibility to deal with those items that are germane, and we will deal with all the items that are ger-mane. 
Mr. HOYER. I thank the gentleman. I look forward to working with him 
next week to hopefully achieve the pas-sage of a bill that will not prove con-troversial in the Senate or with the President of the United States so that this can be effective, as the gentleman observed, as quickly as possible. I ap-preciate him bringing it to the floor, and I also appreciate the fact that the amendments are going to be considered separately. And I would hope that we 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:58 Jan 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09JA7.037 H09JAPT1EMCDONALD on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H183 January 9, 2015 
could join together in opposing amend-
ments which will undermine the bipar-tisanship of the legislation. 
We have 3-day weeks coming up now. 
We will have a couple of short weeks when the Republicans go to their re-treat, their issues conference, and then when the Democrats go to their issues conference. 
I would ask if you could give me a 
sense of the legislation that will be on for the remainder of the month. 
I yield to my friend. Mr. M
CCARTHY. I thank the gen-
tleman for yielding. 
The gentleman is correct. We have 3- 
day weeks for retreats for the House on both sides of the aisle. And this year, the Republicans will be retreating with the Republicans in the Senate as well, leaving next Wednesday. 
The House will be very active 
throughout January, focusing on bipar-tisan solutions that have been need-lessly stuck in the Senate. As the gen-tleman knows, 382 bills did pass this House but got stuck in the Senate, and more than half of those actually were even passed by voice vote. 
This will include a bill to expedite 
the Federal review process for natural gas pipeline permit applications and a bill to cut through red tape and ensure exports of liquefied natural gas to our allies. 
As we get closer to consideration for 
each week, I assure the gentleman that a full list of bills coming before the House will be available for Members. 
Mr. HOYER. I thank the gentleman. And lastly, Mr. Leader, if I could ask 
you about the border security bill. It is my understanding that the border bill could be coming to the floor this month. And I know that the gentleman from Texas, Chairman M
CCAUL, has 
said that Republican leaders are get-ting close—and I am quoting—to hav-ing a separate border policy bill ready to go. I know they, referring to the Re-publican leadership, want Homeland appropriations on the floor next week, as we have already discussed. So what is going to be tied to that is unclear at this point, but we are working on a border bill right now. 
Now, as you know, Mr. Leader, the 
McCaul border bill passed out of com-mittee either on voice vote or unani-mously, with both parties agreeing. And, in fact, the Democrats in the last Congress, in the comprehensive immi-gration bill that we introduced, in-cluded dropping the Senate border se-curity bill and putting in the McCaul bill, as the gentleman undoubtedly knows, because we believed that was the better approach. 
Can the gentleman tell me, will the 
McCaul bill, as passed in the last Con-gress, be the border bill that will be re-ported? Or does the majority leader know that at this point in time? 
Mr. M
CCARTHY. Well, I thank the 
gentleman for yielding. 
In speaking to Chairman M CCAUL, he 
does want to move a bill, maybe to-wards later this month. I know he has a trip to the border with a number of 
Members. I know he would like to move the bill after that trip. So I an-ticipate a bill shortly. And as soon as we have a date, I will let the gentleman know. 
Mr. HOYER. I thank the gentleman. And I hope that we can, as we did in 
the first iteration of the McCaul bill, have a unanimous bipartisan agree-ment because all of us want to make sure the border is, in fact, secure again, as we want to see that the Homeland Security Department has its full com-plement of resources to protect the American people. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY, 
JANUARY 12, 2015 
Mr. M CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet on Monday, January 12, 2015, when it shall convene at noon for morning-hour debate and 2 p.m. for leg-islative business. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
B
ABIN). Is there objection to the re-
quest of the gentleman from Cali-fornia? 
There was no objection. 
f 
EXECUTIVE ORDERS REGARDING 
IMMIGRATION 
(Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania 
asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-
vise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to discuss the President’s executive orders on immi-gration, set to take effect in mid-2015. 
The Constitution, in article I, section 
8, expressly grants the legislature the sole authority to establish rules for naturalization. Yet on November 20, 2014, the President announced new poli-cies that would enable a substantial portion of the unlawfully present alien population to obtain relief from re-moval and work authorization. 
In addition to substantive constitu-
tional separation of power concerns, the action raises national security im-plications and a range of other poten-tially harmful consequences. 
For this reason, in December, the 
House passed H.R. 83, which imposes a February 27 funding sunset for the agencies responsible for carrying out the President’s orders. 
While this limitation creates an op-
portunity for the new majority in Con-gress to take action against the Presi-dent’s unilateral actions, my col-leagues on both sides of the aisle should want to protect the rule of law, our constitutional separation of pow-ers, and the best interests of hard-working Americans. The American peo-ple deserve as much. 
f 
WE ARE ALL CHARLIE 
(Mr. HOYER asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-
marks.) 
Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise, as I 
know all Americans would rise if they were here, to express our solidarity with, our sympathy to, and our convic-tions for a strong alliance with the people of France. 
The despicable and tragic murder in 
Paris on Tuesday of journalists and those who protected them ought to be a reminder that we cannot and must not take for granted the freedoms we enjoy living in a democracy. 
The men and women who were tar-
geted in Paris on Wednesday were car-toonists whose job was to use humor to make people question their leaders and their most cherished principles. Free-dom of speech, protected in the First Amendment to the Constitution of the United States of America, which was read today on this floor, means nothing if that speech can be intimidated and shuttered by violence. 
The principles that we speak of were 
part of a long tradition in France and in this country of bringing the loftiest of people and ideas down to Earth through the power of satire. 
Freedom of the press and free expres-
sion of ideas are a necessary check against tyranny and oppression. They are as much a part of democracy as the right to vote and due process in court. 
Mr. Speaker, in attacking these jour-
nalists, the terrorists made their tar-get clear, and that is freedom itself— freedom in America, freedom in France, freedom throughout the world, freedom of conscience, freedom of speech, and freedom of dissent. 
The taking of innocent hostages at a 
kosher market today further dem-onstrated the terrorists’ utter dis-regard for the ‘‘liberty, equality, and brotherhood’’ that are the foundation of the French democracy and the American democracy. 
The democratic nations of the world 
must continue to stand up to those who wish to stifle the basic freedoms that all people deserve. I know that all 435 Members of this Congress are united in that conviction. I join with all of my colleagues in offering my condolences to the families of the victims and to the French people. 
Mr. Speaker, in that regard, I articu-
late what has just been demonstrated by all by standing in silence, just as President Kennedy declared, ‘‘Ich bin ein Berliner,’’ and newspapers around the world after 9/11 read, ‘‘We are all Americans.’’ 
Today, all freedom-loving people 
around the world join together in soli-darity to say, ‘‘We are all Charlie’’— ‘‘Nous’’ sommes tous Charlie.’’ 
f 
CHRISTMAS DRONES 
(Mr. POE of Texas asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, the 
Red Ryder BB gun is a ghost of Christ-mas past because, this year, Santa 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:58 Jan 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09JA7.039 H09JAPT1EMCDONALD on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H184 January 9, 2015 
gave drones. Here a drone, there a 
drone, everywhere a drone. Just more eyes in the sky and these eyes could be anywhere and on any person. How com-forting is that? 
It is estimated that by 2030, 30,000 
drones will be over the skies of Amer-ica. People are rightfully concerned that these eyes in the sky could be a threat to their constitutional right of privacy. 
Mr. Speaker, we are entering a world 
of unchartered drone technology. That is why I am reintroducing the Pre-serving American Privacy Act. This bill seeks to ensure the privacy of Americans. It establishes specific guidelines for about when and what purposes that law enforcement and pri-vate entities can use drones. 
Technology may change, but the 
Constitution does not. The Christmas spy machines that have useful purposes also need constitutional rules to pre-vent unlawful surveillance by law en-forcement or private organizations. 
And that is just the way it is. 
f 
A RETURN TO AMERICA’S 
HIGHEST IDEALS 
(Mr. FORTENBERRY asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. FORTENBERRY. Mr. Speaker, 
this week the Members of the 114th United States Congress took their oaths of office. Families and friends from around the country came to par-ticipate in this great American tradi-tion of representative democracy and to support their loved ones. I was pleased that my own wife and five daughters were here with me as well. 
The start of a new Congress is always 
an exciting time to renew our govern-ment and the promise of America, but as we all know, we face tremendous challenges. Political dysfunction and partisan gridlock have made smart and effective government very difficult here. 
An arthritic economic recovery has 
dimmed the financial prospects of too many small businesses and their fami-lies. In our time of social fracture, more and more people are feeling direc-tionless and alone. 
Mr. Speaker, as I often like to say, 
there is nothing wrong in America that can’t be fixed by what is right in Amer-ica, but this will require bold resolve, innovative public policy, and a return to our highest ideals. 
We must restore our economic vi-
brancy through responsible govern-ment, reclaiming our best traditions, and building a culture of life that re-spects the dignity and rights of all per-sons. 
Let’s repurpose Washington. Let’s 
turn our country around. 
f 
CUBA 
(Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend 
her remarks.) 
Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, 
the administration’s concessions to the tyrannical Cuban regime have only strengthened the iron grip of the dicta-torship, and by President Obama at-tempting to normalize relations with the island, we are only putting more money into the coffers of these thugs to continue their repressive ways. 
The White House and the State De-
partment were once again fooled by a tyrant, and that has grave con-sequences for our credibility around the world. 
Mr. Speaker, this is a bad deal. It is 
a bad deal for the people of Cuba, a bad deal for America, and a bad deal for freedom-loving people everywhere. 
Today, I was joined by other Mem-
bers of Congress in sending a letter to Secretary Kerry urging the administra-tion to stop its concessions, abandon the talks scheduled with Cuba later this month, and get serious about bringing true reforms to Cuba first be-fore even contemplating a change in our relations. 
If they won’t listen, it is up to us in 
Congress to defend freedom for Cuba and, indeed, around the world. 
f 
APPRECIATING THE PUBLIC SERV-
ICE OF PAUL CLYMER, PENNSYL-VANIA STATE REPRESENTATIVE 
(Mr. FITZPATRICK asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, last 
fall, after 34 years of distinguished pub-lic service, Pennsylvania State rep-resentative Paul Clymer from upper Bucks County announced his retire-ment. Throughout his career, Rep-resentative Clymer has been a strong advocate on many issues ranging from education to economic development. 
An avid historian, Paul chaired the 
committee responsible for the renova-tion on the State capitol building. He took a personal interest in this project, working diligently to ensure the com-pleted renovation would live up to President Theodore Roosevelt’s dec-laration in 1906 when he called it, ‘‘the handsomest building he ever saw.’’ 
More than a century later, thanks in 
part to Paul’s work, the building still strikes visitors with awe. Although he has many accomplishments to his name, it has been Representative Clymer’s gentlemanly demeanor for which he was best known. 
Paul was known in government as a 
man of conviction who would stand up for his principles, yet also able to lis-ten to those who passionately opposed him. He has been a model public serv-ant and a mentor to many, including to me, and I want to say, ‘‘Well done, Paul, in your retirement.’’ AMERICA WELCOMES ALL PEOPLE 
AND DOES NOT STIGMATIZE BASED ON RELIGION, ETHNICITY, OR RACE 
(Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, 
this morning, we started by reading the Constitution, and I did not want to leave this week without reminding us of Amendment One of the Bill of Rights: 
‘‘Congress shall make no law respect-
ing an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press, or the right of the people peaceably to assemble, and to petition the government for a redress of griev-ances.’’ 
Today, we stand with the people of 
France who, in the early years of our beginnings, certainly gave to America many of the democratic principles by way of their own values. Today, we ac-knowledge that violence will not un-dermine democratic values around the Nation or around the world. 
We mourn those who have lost their 
lives, and we want to stop the terrorist violence, but what we most want to do is to be able to acknowledge the indi-vidual dignity of all people and that we will not stigmatize religions or ethnicities or race in this country, but we will recognize that we are great be-cause we are able to welcome all from all places and to be able to accept their human dignity. 
We have a Constitution and a Bill of 
Rights, and I am grateful for the great-ness of this Nation, but I stand with the people of France and mourn their loss this week. 
f 
LAW ENFORCEMENT 
APPRECIATION DAY 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
BOST). Under the Speaker’s announced 
policy of January 6, 2015, the gen-tleman from Florida (Mr. J
OLLY ) is rec-
ognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the majority leader. 
Mr. JOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I appre-
ciate the time, and I would like to claim this time to spend a few mo-ments on the floor of this House to ex-press the appreciation of myself and my colleagues to those who serve every day in our law enforcement commu-nity. 
There is no better way to kick off 
this time than to yield to a colleague of mine from the State of Washington, a former sheriff of 30 years in law en-forcement, and a former Sheriff of the Year from King County, my colleague from Washington (Mr. R
EICHERT ). 
Mr. REICHERT. I thank the gen-
tleman for yielding and his kind intro-duction. 
Today, Mr. Speaker, is National Law 
Enforcement Appreciation Day. I hope this becomes a yearly thing. It is spon-sored today by the National Sheriffs’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:58 Jan 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09JA7.041 H09JAPT1EMCDONALD on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H185 January 9, 2015 
Association, the International Associa-
tion of Chiefs of Police, the FOP, and other law enforcement organizations— national, State, and local organiza-tions. 
As Mr. J
OLLY said, I served 33 years 
in the sheriff’s office in Seattle, start-ing in a patrol car and eventually end-ing my career as the sheriff. I know from my own personal experience in serving those years that a cop’s mis-sion is to protect their community. 
I know this from working with law 
enforcement not only in the sheriff’s office in Seattle, but with the Seattle Police Department, all the police de-partments and sheriffs’ offices in the State of Washington and even across this country. I have had the oppor-tunity to work with a number of law enforcement organizations—local, State, and Federal. 
Mr. Speaker, they come each day 
with the heart of a servant. They come each day knowing that, when they put on that badge and that uniform, that they may not go home. They know that, but they do it anyway. 
Why do they do that? Why do they 
take that risk? Why did I take that risk for 33 years? Let me tell you, Mr. Speaker, I did come close several times in my career to losing my life to pro-tect the community I served. 
Let me also say that I lost some dear 
friends over those 33 years. One was my best friend, Sam Hicks, who was shot and killed in June of 1982. Another good friend in 1984 was stabbed to death. 
It is a dangerous job, but it is a job 
they choose to do because they choose to serve the community. They choose to put their life on the line to protect and serve all of us, protect our fami-lies, our children, our businesses, and our property each and every day. 
b1345 
But no one is perfect, we know that. 
There are good police officers and there are bad police officers. There are good mechanics and there are bad mechan-ics. There are good lawyers and there are bad lawyers. We all come from the human race. There is good and bad in all of us. So no police department is perfect, and no police officer is perfect, and sometimes things go wrong. They are required to make split decisions, life-and-death decisions. In a moment’s notice, you can have a gun pointed at you, and you have to make that deci-sion: Do I shoot or not? Can I talk that person out of that gun? I have been in that position, too. Fortunately, I was able to talk that person out of his gun and took him to jail. 
But sometimes things go wrong, and 
when it does, police, rightly so, must be under the microscope. There must be public scrutiny. Cops know that. Po-lice chiefs know that. Sheriffs know it, and we accept that, too. But when things go wrong and we watch these in-cidents and these events unfold over the media, let us all remember that po-lice officers have constitutional rights, too. They are allowed due process, too. 
They are American citizens, too. They have constitutional rights and protec-tions also. 
The Constitution, as was mentioned 
earlier, was read today, reminding us that we all have those constitutional rights. You are innocent until proven guilty. So when something happens that we think is wrong, let’s pay atten-tion to the facts. Let’s let the process go forward; and then based on the facts—based on the facts—let’s work with the community, with the police department and the mayor and city council and change the policy, change the procedures, and make sure that it doesn’t happen again. 
But today, let us also remember the 
service of the men and women, the brave and dedicated men and women who put that uniform on every day. I am going to name a few police officers from Washington State who, 5 years ago—and this is the 5-year anniversary of the death of these police officers, gunned down, four of them gunned down while sitting in a coffee shop in Lakewood, Washington—paid that ulti-mate sacrifice, that ultimate price that we often hear talked about: Ser-geant Mark Renninger, Officer Ronald Owens, Officer Tina Griswold, Officer Greg Richards, as well as Seattle Po-lice Officer Timothy Brenton and Pierce County Deputy Kent Mundell, all from Washington State, all not with us today, all of their families missing them. 
During these difficult times, Mr. 
Speaker, we need to come together as a community, as a country, as a nation, and recognize the service of these po-lice officers across the country. I will end with the simple act that comes so easily for us with people who serve in the military, just a simple ‘‘thank you.’’ If you see a police officer today as you go about your duties, your day’s duties, please walk up and say ‘‘thank you.’’ Please tell them you appreciate their service. That means the world to them. 
Mr. JOLLY. I thank my colleague 
from the State of Washington. 
Today, on Law Enforcement Appre-
ciation Day, I would like to yield to a champion supporter of law enforce-ment, the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. B
YRNE ). 
Mr. BYRNE. I thank the gentleman 
for yielding me this time and for sched-uling this Special Order to honor the men and women who put their lives on the line every day, as we just heard from our colleague from Washington. 
Last year in the United States of 
America, 119 law enforcement officers lost their lives in the line of duty; 119 lives snuffed out. It was not because they did anything wrong, but they were performing their duty to protect you and me so that every night when we go to sleep, we put our heads on our pil-lows and sleep soundly. 
We take it for granted. There is 
something about it that we think is just natural. There is nothing natural about someone who goes out every day 
and consciously gives of themselves and puts their life on the line for some-one else. Jesus said there is no greater love than this, than someone who would lay down his life for his brother. And law enforcement officers do that every day. 
Yet sometimes when we get these in-
cidents in America, we somehow forget that. We forget that they have hus-bands and wives and children and par-ents and sisters and brothers and friends, that they are people, too. They are citizens in our community, just like we are, and they go out every day to protect you and me and give us a quality of life that, as I say, we take for granted. So it is altogether fitting that we would take today and recog-nize them, salute them, recognize them, honor them, thank them for what they do for all of us. 
I hope that we won’t just do it for 
today. I hope we do it 365 days a year, because they are here for us 365 days a year. 
So on behalf of my constituents in 
the First Congressional District of Ala-bama, I say to law enforcement offi-cials in my district and throughout America: We thank you. We salute you. God bless you. 
Mr. JOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I thank my 
colleague from Alabama. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today as well to 
say thank you to law enforcement offi-cers throughout Pinellas County, Flor-ida, and across the Nation. Thank you for your service and thank you for your sacrifice. And I thank your families. 
Each day in Pinellas County, Florida, 
the community I have the opportunity to represent, as well as across the country, thousands of law enforcement officers serve and protect us, often at great sacrifice to their families and at risk to their very own lives. 
This was the case on December 21 
when Officer Charles Kondek of the Tarpon Springs Police Department in Pinellas County responded to simple a noise complaint. It would be Officer Kondek’s end of watch as he tragically lost his life at the hands of a gunman, a gunman whose actions represent the type of inhumanity that we entrust our law enforcement officers each day to protect us from. Officer Kondek was only 45 years old, and he is survived by, and his memory lives on through, his wife and his six children. 
Sadly, Mr. Speaker, this story re-
peats itself throughout communities across the country. The Nation wit-nessed, on December 20, in New York, two law enforcement officers who were assassinated by an individual with one intention: to take the lives specifically of law enforcement officers. 
Mr. Speaker, in my hometown of 
Pinellas County, the brotherhood of law enforcement officers, the sister-hood of law enforcement officers who protect us each day understands, just like law enforcement officers across the country, the very risk to their safe-ty and to their lives and the risk and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:58 Jan 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09JA7.043 H09JAPT1EMCDONALD on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H186 January 9, 2015 
the heartbreak of their families and 
their children, that that risk is very real. 
In our county, we have lost a total of 
24 officers, including, in recent years, St. Petersburg officers David Crawford, Jeffrey Yaslowitz, and Thomas Baitinger, each representing a precious loss of life while serving and protecting us. 
And yet we find ourselves today lis-
tening to some, a minority in our soci-ety, who wish to give voice to those who undermine the very honor of law enforcement officers, who undermine the very sacrifice of our law enforce-ment officers, and who undermine the very danger that these law enforce-ment officers face each day. Instead, we should be rising to say ‘‘thank you’’ to the men and women of law enforce-ment, ‘‘thank you’’ to the men and women in our communities who pro-tect and defend us. 
So, Mr. Speaker, I rise today to do 
just that, to say ‘‘thank you.’’ Thank you to Officer Kondek of Tarpon Springs for his service, and thank you to his family for sharing him with a community that will forever remember his ultimate sacrifice. Thank you to the families of all fallen law enforce-ment officers, and thank you to those who continue to serve each day. 
I want to thank our local law en-
forcement leadership in my hometown of Pinellas County: Pinellas County Sheriff Bob Gualtieri, Clearwater Po-lice Chief Dan Slaughter, St. Peters-burg Police Chief Anthony Holloway, Chief Terry Hughes of my hometown of Indian Shores, Belleair Police Chief Bill Sohl, Gulfport Police Chief Robert Vincent, Kenneth City Police Chief Kevin Matson, Largo Police Chief Jef-frey Undestad, Pinellas Park Police Chief Dorene Thomas, Pinellas County Schools Police Chief Rick Stelljes, Tar-pon Springs Police Chief Robert Kochen, Treasure Island Police Chief Tim Casey, and Chief David Hendry of the University of South Florida, St. Petersburg. 
I especially want to thank all mem-
bers of law enforcement in my home-town and those throughout Pinellas County who get in their cars each day and walk the streets, respond to crime, investigate crimes and respond to dis-turbances and ultimately protect us. I want to thank those I am privileged, within the law enforcement commu-nity, to call friends, officers from the Clearwater police force: my dear friend Detective Jonathan Walser, Detective Michael Stonelake, Detective Chris-topher Precious, Sergeant John Brown, Officer Bill Renfro, Lieutenant Juan Torres, and Lieutenant Richard Harris. And from the Pinellas County Sheriff’s Department, my friend, Sergeant Steve Wagner. 
Thank you to each of you. And I want to thank the Capitol Po-
lice officers who protect each of us here as Members of Congress and the thou-sands of Capitol visitors each year that are protected from threats that at times can be tragically real. Thank 
you to all who serve, from Pinellas County, throughout the State of Flor-ida, communities across the country, and right here in this very Chamber. Thank you for protecting us. Thank you for serving. Thank you to every law enforcement officer for your com-mitment to duty, your service to your community, and your service to your fellow man. 
As my colleague, B
RADLEY BYRNE  
said, blessed are those who would lay down their life for their brethren. That is the oath—to risk their life to protect others—that our law enforcement offi-cers renew each day. 
Indeed, may our loving God richly 
bless each one of you who put on the uniform of law enforcement, and may God richly bless your families. May God’s loving hands protect and defend each of you every day of your service, just as you protect and defend each one of us. Please know that this Member of Congress and millions of people across the country, including those in 
Pinellas County and Florida’s 13th Dis-trict, including communities through-out our Nation, are forever grateful for the service of law enforcement officers, your service to your fellow man. So today, on behalf of millions of Ameri-cans, I simply say to each of you serv-ing as law enforcement officers, thank you. 
With that, I yield to a new colleague 
of mine from Texas, Mr. R
ATCLIFFE . 
Mr. RATCLIFFE. Mr. Speaker, I 
thank the gentleman from Florida for yielding me this time. 
This week, I was honored and grate-
ful to be able to vote for and help pass several bills that will improve the lives of so many hardworking Americans. 
Earlier today, I was proud to be an 
original cosponsor of H.R. 3, the Key-stone XL Pipeline Act. I am grateful to be pushing this bill across the finish line because the Keystone runs through the Fourth Congressional District that I am privileged to represent. It is a long overdue, commonsense piece of legislation which will create good-pay-ing jobs, will grow our economy, and will support more manufacturing and trade in this country. 
During its construction, it is esti-
mated that 42,000 jobs will be created by the Keystone, and it will put more than $2 billion in the pockets of Amer-ican workers. 
b1400 
To put this impact in perspective, 
those 42,000 jobs are 12,000 more than the unemployed population in the Fourth Congressional District of Texas. 
Unfortunately, President Obama has 
indicated that he will veto the Key-stone if it passes both Houses. I hope that this is just an idle political threat because, if it is not, then the President is intentionally harming the middle class Americans that this great job cre-ation bill is going to help. 
I hope and pray that our President 
won’t play politics with legislation that will provide opportunities to cre-
ate jobs for tens of thousands of Ameri-cans to support their families. 
This week, I was also proud to be 
able to support H.R. 30, which changes the definition of a full-time employee from 30 hours a week to 40 hours a week under the perversely named Af-fordable Care Act. 
ObamaCare’s 30-hour rule places an 
impossible burden on individuals and small businesses in my district and across this country, and I am glad to be able to help pass a bill which repeals a terrible provision from a terrible law. 
But I say we haven’t gone far enough. 
I know the people that I represent in east and north Texas won’t be satisfied until we repeal every provision of the Affordable Care Act. 
I was sent here to Washington to de-
liver results for the hardworking peo-ple of north and east Texas, and these bills show that I am doing that, and it is what I intend to keep doing because, while these are great bills and I am proud that we passed them this week, it is just a start. 
We need more good bills to combat 
the President’s executive overreach; to restore fiscal sanity; to secure our bor-ders; to repeal all of ObamaCare; and, most importantly, to defend our great Constitution. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-
bers are reminded to direct their re-marks to the Chair. 
Mr. JOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I have no 
further speakers for this time. 
With that, I yield back the balance of 
my time. 
f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE 
By unanimous consent, leave of ab-
sence was granted to: 
Ms. M OORE (at the request of Ms. 
PELOSI ) for today on account of an un-
scheduled medical procedure. 
f 
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED 
Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, 
reported and found truly enrolled a bill of the House of the following title, which was thereupon signed by the Speaker: 
H.R. 26. An act to extend the termination 
date of the Terrorism Insurance Program es-tablished under the Terrorism Risk Insur-ance Act of 2002, and for other purposes. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT 
Mr. JOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I move 
that the House do now adjourn. 
The motion was agreed to; accord-
ingly (at 2 o’clock and 2 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House ad-journed until Monday, January 12, 2015, at noon for morning-hour debate. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, 
ETC. 
Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:58 Jan 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09JA7.045 H09JAPT1EMCDONALD on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H187 January 9, 2015 
8. A letter from the Administrator, Rural 
Business-Cooperative Service, Department of Agriculture, transmitting the Department’s Major final rule — Subpart B — Rural En-ergy for America Program (RIN: 0570-AA76) received January 7, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Agri-culture. 
9. A letter from the Associate General 
Counsel for Legislation and Regulations, De-partment of Housing and Urban Develop-ment, transmitting the Department’s Major final rule — Credit Risk Retention (RIN: 2501-AD53) received January 7, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Financial Services. 
10. A letter from the Assistant General 
Counsel for Legislation, Regulation and En-ergy Efficiency, Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy, Department of En-ergy, transmitting the Department’s Major final rule — Energy Conservation Program: Energy Conservation Standards for Commer-cial Clothes Washers [Docket No.: EERE- 2012-BT-STD-0020] (RIN: 1904-AC77) received January 6, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
11. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-
ment of the Treasury, transmitting as re-quired by section 401(c) of the National Emergencies Act, 50 U.S.C. 1641(c), and sec-tion 204(c) of the International Emergency Economic Powers Act, 50 U.S.C. 1703(c), a six-month periodic report on the national emergency with respect to North Korea that was declared in Executive Order 13466 of June 26, 2008; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
12. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-
ment of the Treasury, transmitting as re-quired by section 401(c) of the National Emergencies Act, 50 U.S.C. 1641(c), and sec-tion 204(c) of the International Emergency Economic Powers Act, 50 U.S.C. 1703(c), a six-month periodic report on the national emergency blocking property of the Govern-ment of the Russian Federation relating to the disposition of highly enriched uranium extracted from nuclear weapons that was de-clared in Executive Order 13617 of June 25, 2012; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
13. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-
ment of the Treasury, transmitting as re-quired by section 401(c) of the National Emergencies Act, 50 U.S.C. 1641(c), and sec-tion 204(c) of the International Emergency Economic Powers Act, 50 U.S.C. 1703(c), and pursuant to Executive Order 13313 of July 31, 2003, a six-month periodic report on the na-tional emergency with respect to terrorists who threaten to disrupt the Middle East peace process that was declared in Executive Order 12947 of January 23, 1995; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. 
14. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-
ment of the Treasury, transmitting as re-quired by section 401(c) of the National Emergencies Act, 50 U.S.C. 1641(c), and sec-tion 204(c) of the International Emergency Economic Powers Act, 50 U.S.C. 1703(c), and pursuant to Executive Order 13313 of July 31, 2003, a six-month periodic report on the na-tional emergency with respect to the West-ern Balkans that was declared in Executive Order 13219 of June 26, 2001; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. 
15. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, 
U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone, Eliza-beth River; Portsmouth, VA [Docket No.: USCG-2014-1032] (RIN-1625-AA00) received January 7, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
16. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, 
U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s 
temporary final rule — Safety Zone: Carquinez Strait Cable Repair Operation, Martinez, CA [Docket No.: USCG-2014-0950] (RIN: 1625-AA00) received January 7, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 
17. A letter from the Trade Representative, 
Executive Office of the President, transmit-ting a letter notifying the Congress that the United States intends to join a consensus among Environmental Goods Agreement (EGA) participants to invite the Government of Iceland to join the current group of 13 WTO Members engaged in the EGA negotia-tions; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XII, public 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. GOODLATTE (for himself, Ms. 
ESHOO , Mr. C HABOT , Mr. C OHEN , and 
Mr. M ARINO ): 
H.R. 235. A bill to permanently extend the 
Internet Tax Freedom Act; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. POE of Texas (for himself, Ms. 
L
OFGREN , Mr. F ARENTHOLD , and Mr. 
CHABOT ): 
H.R. 236. A bill to provide for the exchange 
of information related to trade enforcement, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. POE of Texas: 
H.R. 237. A bill to authorize the revocation 
or denial of passports and passport cards to individuals affiliated with foreign terrorist organizations, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
By Mr. KILMER (for himself, Ms. R
OS- 
LEHTINEN , Mr. P OLIS, Mr. H ANNA , Mr. 
SWALWELL of California, Ms. 
DELBENE, Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. 
VARGAS , Mr. M URPHY of Florida, Ms. 
TITUS, Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. 
CICILLINE , Mr. M CDERMOTT , Ms. 
BROWNLEY of California, Mr. Y AR-
MUTH , Ms. M ENG, Mr. H IMES, and Ms. 
WILSON of Florida): 
H.R. 238. A bill to amend title 17, United 
States Code, with respect to the definition of ‘‘widow’’ and ’’widower’’, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. HUFFMAN (for himself and Mr. 
F
ITZPATRICK ): 
H.R. 239. A bill to preserve the Arctic 
coastal plain of the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge, Alaska, as wilderness in recognition of its extraordinary natural ecosystems and for the permanent good of present and future generations of Americans; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
By Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky: 
H.R. 240. A bill making appropriations for 
the Department of Homeland Security for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2015, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ap-propriations, and in addition to the Com-mittee on the Budget, for a period to be sub-sequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. CALVERT (for himself, Mr. 
H
UNTER , Mr. M CCLINTOCK , Mr. 
DENHAM , Mr. R OHRABACHER , Mr. 
ROYCE , Mr. L AMALFA , Mr. I SSA, Mr. 
VALADAO , Mr. C OOK, Mrs. M IMIWAL-
TERS of California, Mr. N UNES , Ms. 
JENKINS of Kansas, Mr. S IMPSON , and 
Mr. W ESTMORELAND ): 
H.R. 241. A bill to amend the Americans 
with Disabilities Act of 1990 to impose notice and a compliance opportunity to be provided 
before commencement of a private civil ac-tion; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ of Cali-
fornia (for herself, Mr. S
COTT of Vir-
ginia, Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. D AVID 
SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. 
VARGAS , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. M EEKS , Mr. 
LOWENTHAL , Mr. C ICILLINE , Ms. 
BROWN of Florida, Ms. C LARK of Mas-
sachusetts, Ms. M OORE , Mr. C OHEN , 
Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. G ENE GREEN of 
Texas, Mr. D ELANEY , Mr. V ELA, Mr. 
SMITH of Washington, Mr. G RAYSON , 
Mr. Y ARMUTH , Mr. H ONDA , Mr. S IRES, 
Ms. L EE, Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. N ADLER , 
Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Ms. 
BROWNLEY of California, Mr. B LU-
MENAUER , Mr. N OLAN , Ms. C LARKE of 
New York, Mr. C ASTRO of Texas, Mr. 
FARR, Mr. R USH, Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , 
Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , and Ms. M ATSUI ): 
H.R. 242. A bill to restore access to year- 
round Federal Pell Grants; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Ms. KAPTUR (for herself, Mr. 
L
EVIN, Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. H IGGINS , Mr. 
RYAN of Ohio, Ms. N ORTON , Ms. 
FUDGE , Mrs. M ILLER of Michigan, Ms. 
SLAUGHTER , Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mrs. 
BEATTY , and Mr. J OYCE ): 
H.R. 243. A bill to direct the Administrator 
of the Environmental Protection Agency to publish a health advisory and submit reports with respect to Microcystins in drinking water; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. COLLINS of Georgia (for him-
self and Mr. L
OEBSACK ): 
H.R. 244. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to provide for pharmacy benefits manager standards under the Medi-care prescription drug program to further transparency of payment methodologies to pharmacies, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committees on Ways and Means, Armed Services, and Oversight and Government Reform, for a period to be sub-sequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. ABRAHAM: 
H.R. 245. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to codify certain existing provi-sions of law relating to effective dates for claims under the laws administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs. 
By Mrs. BEATTY (for herself and Mr. 
F
ITZPATRICK ): 
H.R. 246. A bill to improve the response to 
victims of child sex trafficking; to the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mrs. BEATTY (for herself, Mr. C
ON-
YERS , Mr. F ATTAH , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. 
DAVID SCOTT of Georgia, and Mr. F OS-
TER): 
H.R. 247. A bill to posthumously award a 
Congressional gold medal to Maya Angelou in recognition of her achievements and con-tributions to American culture and the civil rights movement; to the Committee on Fi-nancial Services, and in addition to the Com-mittee on House Administration, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speak-er, in each case for consideration of such pro-visions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. BOUSTANY: 
H.R. 248. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to repeal the employer health insurance mandate; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:58 Jan 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L09JA7.000 H09JAPT1EMCDONALD on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H188 January 9, 2015 
By Mr. COLE: 
H.R. 249. A bill to amend the Act of June 
18, 1934, to reaffirm the authority of the Sec-retary of the Interior to take land into trust for Indian tribes, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
By Mr. CONNOLLY (for himself and 
Mr. R
OONEY of Florida): 
H.R. 250. A bill to provide a permanent ap-
propriation of funds for the payment of death gratuities and related benefits for sur-vivors of deceased members of the uniformed services in event of any period of lapsed ap-propriations; to the Committee on Appro-priations. 
By Mr. AL GREEN of Texas (for him-
self, Ms. B
ORDALLO , Mr. H ASTINGS , 
Mr. L IPINSKI , Ms. P INGREE , Mr. 
HONDA , Mr. R USH, Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. 
HAHN, Mr. G ENEGREEN of Texas, Mr. 
HINOJOSA , Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Mr. 
SERRANO , Ms. K APTUR , Ms. M OORE , 
Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. M CDERMOTT , and 
Mr. M CGOVERN ): 
H.R. 251. A bill to transfer the position of 
Special Assistant for Veterans Affairs in the Department of Housing and Urban Develop-ment to the Office of the Secretary, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finan-cial Services. 
By Mr. AL GREEN of Texas (for him-
self, Ms. B
ORDALLO , Mr. H ASTINGS , 
Mr. L IPINSKI , Ms. P INGREE , Mr. 
HONDA , Mr. R USH, Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. 
PETERS , Ms. H AHN, Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. 
GENEGREEN of Texas, Mr. H INOJOSA , 
Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Ms. K APTUR , 
Ms. M OORE , Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. 
MCDERMOTT , and Mr. M CGOVERN ): 
H.R. 252. A bill to provide housing assist-
ance for very low-income veterans; to the Committee on Financial Services, and in ad-dition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. HONDA: 
H.R. 253. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to provide for the tax treatment of small business start-up savings accounts; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. HONDA: 
H.R. 254. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to increase the deduction for start-up expenditures for business for 2015 and 2016; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. HONDA: 
H.R. 255. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to allow a credit against tax for qualified manufacturing facility con-struction costs and to allow a credit against tax for qualified manufacturing facility con-struction costs; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. HONDA: 
H.R. 256. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to allow a credit against income tax for equity investments in re-search intensive small business concerns; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Ms. LEE: 
H.R. 257. A bill to provide for United States 
participation in the Inter-Parliamentary Union, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. 
By Ms. LEE (for herself, Mr. H
ONDA , 
Ms. D ELAURO , Ms. K APTUR , Mr. Y AR-
MUTH , Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. N ADLER , Mr. 
CONNOLLY , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. H AS-
TINGS , Mr. J EFFRIES , Ms. K ELLY of Il-
linois, Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. S EWELL of 
Alabama, Mr. E LLISON , Mr. L AN-
GEVIN , Ms. J UDY CHUof California, 
Mr. P OCAN , Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. 
CA´RDENAS , Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. T ONKO , Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi, and Ms. 
SCHAKOWSKY ): 
H.R. 258. A bill to establish the Federal 
Interagency Working Group on Reducing Poverty which will create and carry out a national plan to cut poverty in America in half in ten years; to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform. 
By Ms. LEE: 
H.R. 259. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to provide a tax credit for expenses for household and elder care serv-ices necessary for gainful employment; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Ms. LEE: 
H.R. 260. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to provide the work oppor-tunity tax credit with respect to the hiring of veterans in the field of renewable energy; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Ms. LEE: 
H.R. 261. A bill to prohibit monetary pay-
ments by the Federal Government to em-ployees, officers, and elected officials of for-eign countries for purposes of bribery, coer-cion, or any activity that is illegal or under-mines the rule of law or corrupts a public of-ficer or the office such officer represents, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Intelligence (Permanent Select), and in addi-tion to the Committee on Oversight and Gov-ernment Reform, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Ms. LEE: 
H.R. 262. A bill to amend the Controlled 
Substances Act so as to exempt real property from civil forfeiture due to medical-mari-juana-related conduct that is authorized by State law; to the Committee on the Judici-ary, and in addition to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Ms. LEE: 
H.R. 263. A bill to expand and enhance ex-
isting adult day programs for younger people with neurological diseases or conditions (such as multiple sclerosis, Parkinson’s dis-ease, traumatic brain injury, or other simi-lar diseases or conditions) to support and im-prove access to respite services for family caregivers who are taking care of such peo-ple, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Ms. LEE: 
H.R. 264. A bill to provide for the issuance 
of a semipostal to benefit the Peace Corps, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and in addition to the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Ms. SCHAKOWSKY (for herself, Mr. 
J
OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. T AKANO , Mr. 
CUMMINGS , Mr. L EVIN, Mr. H ONDA , 
Ms. S LAUGHTER , Ms. P INGREE , Mr. 
DEUTCH , Ms. J UDYCHUof California, 
Ms. D ELAURO , Mr. M CDERMOTT , Mr. 
HASTINGS , Ms. L EE, Ms. N ORTON , Mr. 
LEWIS, Mr. E LLISON , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. 
POCAN , Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. Y ARMUTH , 
Mr. N ADLER , Mr. F ARR, Mr. E NGEL , 
Mr. S ARBANES , Ms. M OORE , Mr. 
MCGOVERN , and Mr. P OLIS): 
H.R. 265. A bill to amend the Patient Pro-
tection and Affordable Care Act to establish a public health insurance option; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia: 
H.R. 266. A bill to prohibit universal serv-
ice support of commercial mobile service and commercial mobile data service through the 
Lifeline program; to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 
By Mr. SIRES: 
H.R. 267. A bill to amend the Peace Corps 
Act to allow former volunteers to use the seal, emblem, or name of Peace Corps on death announcements and grave stones; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
By Mr. SIRES: 
H.R. 268. A bill to amend the Immigration 
and Nationality Act to encourage Canadian tourism to the United States; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. TURNER: 
H.R. 269. A bill to prohibit certain real 
property from being named after a sitting Member of Congress; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
By Mr. BARR (for himself, Mr. H
ARRIS , 
Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. 
ROEof Tennessee, Mr. R ICEof South 
Carolina, Mr. S TEWART , Mr. B YRNE , 
Mr. W ITTMAN , Mr. W EBER of Texas, 
Mr. M ASSIE , Mr. W ALKER , Mr. M CKIN-
LEY, Mrs. W ALORSKI , Mr. R OTHFUS , 
Mr. G UINTA , Mr. D UNCAN of South 
Carolina, Mr. A LLEN , and Mr. C LAW-
SONof Florida): 
H.J. Res. 11. A joint resolution proposing 
an amendment to the Constitution of the United States to limit the number of con-secutive terms that a Member of Congress may serve; to the Committee on the Judici-ary. 
By Mr. BYRNE: 
H.J. Res. 12. A joint resolution proposing a 
balanced budget amendment to the Constitu-tion of the United States; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. MULVANEY: 
H.J. Res. 13. A joint resolution proposing 
an amendment to the Constitution of the United States to limit the number of terms that a Member of Congress may serve; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. SALMON (for himself, Mr. R
ICE 
of South Carolina, Mr. B LUM, Mr. 
GIBSON , and Mr. D ESANTIS ): 
H.J. Res. 14. A joint resolution proposing 
an amendment to the Constitution of the United States to limit the number of terms that a Member of Congress may serve; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Ms. LEE: 
H. Con. Res. 6. Concurrent resolution ex-
pressing the sense of Congress that the United States should provide, on an annual basis, an amount equal to at least one per-cent of United States gross domestic product (GDP) for nonmilitary foreign assistance programs; to the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs. 
By Mr. CARTWRIGHT (for himself, Mr. 
S
TIVERS , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. 
MCDERMOTT , Ms. B ORDALLO , Mr. 
MCGOVERN , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. 
CRAMER , Mr. M ULLIN , Mr. L AMALFA , 
Mr. S EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New 
York, Mr. F OSTER , Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. 
VEASEY , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. P ETERS , 
Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. B OUSTANY , Mr. G IB-
SON, Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Mr. C AS-
TRO of Texas, Mr. R OTHFUS , Mr. 
CRAWFORD , Mr. G OODLATTE , Mr. 
GUINTA , Mr. H ONDA , Mr. I SRAEL , Mr. 
JONES , Mr. K INGof Iowa, Mr. N EAL, 
Mr. P OEof Texas, Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. 
STEWART , Mr. G OWDY , Mrs. L OVE, Mr. 
ZELDIN , Mr. M EADOWS , Mr. R OEof 
Tennessee, Mr. W OODALL , Mr. 
BARLETTA , and Mr. F ITZPATRICK ): 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:58 Jan 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L09JA7.100 H09JAPT1EMCDONALD on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H189 January 9, 2015 
H. Res. 24. A resolution amending the 
Rules of the House of Representatives to re-quire a reading of the names of members of the Armed Forces who died in the previous month as a result of combat; to the Com-mittee on Rules. 
By Ms. LEE (for herself and Ms. W
IL-
SONof Florida): 
H. Res. 25. A resolution recognizing the an-
niversary of the tragic earthquake in Haiti on January 12, 2010, honoring those who lost their lives, and expressing continued soli-darity with the Haitian people; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. 
f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY 
STATEMENT 
Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of 
the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. GOODLATTE: 
H.R. 235. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the U. S. 
Constitution which gives Congress authority to ‘‘regulate Commerce . . . among the sev-eral States.’’ 
By Mr. POE of Texas: 
H.R. 236. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1 Section 8 Clause 3 
By Mr. POE of Texas: 
H.R. 237. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clauses 10, 11, and 15 
By Mr. KILMER: 
H.R. 238. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I Section 8 Clause 8 and Amend-
ment XIV Sections 1 and 5 
By Mr. HUFFMAN: 
H.R. 239. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, section 8 and Article IV, section 
3. 
By Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky: 
H.R. 240. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The principal constitutional authority for 
this legislation is clause 7 of section 9 of ar-ticle I of the Constitution of the United States (the appropriation power), which states: ‘‘No Money shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropria-tions made by Law . . . .’’ In addition, clause 1 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution (the spending power) provides: ‘‘The Con-gress shall have the Power . . . to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States . . . .’’ Together, these specific con-
stitutional provisions establish the congres-sional power of the purse, granting Congress the authority to appropriate funds, to deter-mine their purpose, amount, and period of availability, and to set forth terms and con-ditions governing their use. 
By Mr. CALVERT: 
H.R. 241. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The constitutional authority of Congress 
to enact this legislation is provided by Arti-cle I, section 8 of the United States Constitu-tion, specifically clause 18 (relating to the power to make all laws necessary and proper 
for carrying out the powers vested in Con-gress). 
By Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ of Cali-
fornia: 
H.R. 242. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1. 
By Ms. KAPTUR: 
H.R. 243. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 
By Mr. COLLINS of Georgia: 
H.R. 244. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The constitutional authority in which this 
bill rests is the power of Congress to regulate commerce as enumerated in Article I, Sec-tion 8, Clause 3, as applied to healthcare. 
By Mr. ABRAHAM: 
H.R. 245. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, section 8 of the Constitution of 
the United States. 
By Mrs. BEATTY: 
H.R. 246. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 of the U.S 
Constitution 
By Mrs. BEATTY: 
H.R. 247. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 of the U.S 
Constitution 
By Mr. BOUSTANY: 
H.R. 248. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 
By Mr. COLE: 
H.R. 249. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This bill is enacted pursuant to Article I, 
Section 8 which grants Congress the power to regulate Commerce with the Indian Tribes. 
This bill is enacted pursuant to Article II, 
Section 2, Clause 2 in order the enforce trea-ties made between the United States and several Indian Tribes. 
By Mr. CONNOLLY: 
H.R. 250. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Section 1 and Section 8 of Article 1 of the 
United States Constitution. 
By Mr. AL GREEN of Texas: 
H.R. 251. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
General Welfare Clause (Art. 1 Sec. 8 Cl. 1) Commerce Clause (Art. 1 Sec. 8 Cl. 3) 
By Mr. AL GREEN of Texas: 
H.R. 252. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
General Welfare Clause (Art. 1 Sec. 8 Cl. 1) Commerce Clause (Art. 1 Sec. 8 Cl. 3) 
By Mr. HONDA: 
H.R. 253. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Con-
stitution. 
By Mr. HONDA: 
H.R. 254. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Con-
stitution. 
By Mr. HONDA: 
H.R. 255. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Con-
stitution. 
By Mr. HONDA: 
H.R. 256. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Con-
stitution. 
By Ms. LEE: 
H.R. 257. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This bill is enacted pursuant to the power 
granted to Congress under Article I of the United States Constitution and its subse-quent amendments, and further clarified and interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States. 
By Ms. LEE: 
H.R. 258. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This bill is enacted pursuant to the power 
granted to Congress under Article I of the United States Constitution and its subsequant amendments, and further clari-fied and interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States. 
By Ms. LEE: 
H.R. 259. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I of the US Constitution 
By Ms. LEE: 
H.R. 260. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I of the US Constitution 
By Ms. LEE: 
H.R. 261. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This bill is enacted pursuant to the power 
granted to Congress under Article I of the United States Constitution and its subse-quent amendments, and further clarified and interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States 
By Ms. LEE: 
H.R. 262. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I of the U.S. Constitution 
By Ms. LEE: 
H.R. 263. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Under Article I of the United States Con-
stitution and its subsequent amendments, and further clarified and interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States. 
By Ms. LEE: 
H.R. 264. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Under Article I of the United States Con-
stitution and its subsequent amendments, and further clarified and interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States. 
By Ms. SCHAKOWSKY: 
H.R. 265. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 2 
By Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia: 
H.R. 266. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution. 
By Mr. SIRES: 
H.R. 267. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Pursuant to clause 3(d) of rules XIII of the 
Rules of the House of Representatives, the Committee finds the authority for this legis-lation in article I, section 8 of the Constitu-tion. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Jan 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L09JA7.100 H09JAPT1EMCDONALD on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H190 January 9, 2015 
By Mr. SIRES: 
H.R. 268. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Pursuant to clause 3(d) of rules XIII of the 
Rules of the House of Representatives, the Committee finds the authority for this legis-lation in article I, section 8 of the Constitu-tion. 
By Mr. TURNER: 
H.R. 269. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 9, Clause 7 of the Con-
stitution of the United States which states: ‘‘No money shall be drawn from the Treas-ury, but in Consequence of Appropriations made by Law . . .’’ This provision estab-lishes the authority of Congress to appro-priate funds, and place limitations and con-ditions on the use of those funds. 
By Mr. BARR: 
H.J. Res. 11. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The constitutional authority for this bill is 
stated in Article V of the U.S. Constitution, which establishes the method for enacting amendments to the Constitution. 
By Mr. BYRNE: 
H.J. Res. 12. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The constitutional authority on which this 
joint resolution is based is found in Article V of the Constitution, which grants Congress the authority, whenever two thirds of both chambers deem it necessary, to propose amendments to the Constitution. 
By Mr. MULVANEY: 
H.J. Res. 13. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article V: ‘‘The Congress, whenever two 
thirds of both houses shall deem it nec-essary, shall propose amendments to this Constitution, or, on the application of the legislatures of two thirds of the several states, shall call a convention for proposing amendments, which, in either case, shall be valid to all intents and purposes, as part of this Constitution, when ratified by the legis-latures of three fourths of the several states, or by conventions in three fourths thereof, as the one or the other mode of ratification may be proposed by the Congress; provided that no amendment which may be made prior to the year one thousand eight hundred and eight shall in any manner affect the first and fourth clauses in the ninth section of the first article; and that no state, without its consent, shall be deprived of its equal suf-frage in the Senate.’’ 
By Mr. SALMON: 
H.J. Res. 14. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article V of the U.S. Constitution. ADDITIONAL SPONSORS 
Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors 
were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 3: Mr. C OOK. 
H.R. 27: Mrs. M CMORRIS RODGERS , Mr. 
GUINTA , Mr. K LINE, and Mr. L ANCE . 
H.R. 32: Mr. K INGof Iowa and Mr. B ROOKS  
of Alabama. 
H.R. 36: Mr. G OODLATTE , Mr. C HABOT , Mr. 
WESTMORELAND , Mr. K ING of Iowa, Mr. 
OLSON , Mr. M EADOWS , Mr. B ENISHEK , Mr. 
DUNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. B ILIRAKIS , 
Mr. M CKINLEY , Mr. C RENSHAW , Mr. Y OHO, Mr. 
THOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Mr. W ESTERMAN , 
Mr. L IPINSKI , Mr. G OSAR , Mr. B RIDENSTINE , 
Mr. D UFFY , Mr. C OLE, Mr. H ARRIS , Mr. 
HUIZENGA of Michigan, Mr. P EARCE , Mr. 
KELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. J ONES , Mr. 
BRADY of Texas, Mr. F ORTENBERRY , Mr. D IAZ- 
BALART , Mr. P ALAZZO , Mr. G RAVES of Geor-
gia, Mr. C OLLINS of Georgia, Mr. R OTHFUS , 
Mr. S ALMON , Mr. S CHWEIKERT , Mr. 
FARENTHOLD , Mr. B UCSHON , Mr. W ENSTRUP , 
Mr. S MITH of New Jersey, Mr. P ITTS, Mr. 
BOUSTANY , Ms. R OS-LEHTINEN , Mr. F INCHER , 
Mr. F LORES , Mr. R OEof Tennessee, Mr. 
YODER , Mr. T IBERI , Mr. D UNCAN of Tennessee, 
Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. M ARINO , Mr. J OLLY , Mr. 
GIBBS, Mr. S AMJOHNSON of Texas, Mr. G RIF-
FITH, Mr. J ORDAN , Mr. P OEof Texas, Mrs. 
WALORSKI , Mr. S MITH of Nebraska, Mr. 
HUELSKAMP , Mr. R USSELL , Mrs. R OBY, Mr. 
GROTHMAN , Mr. M ESSER , Mr. B ROOKS of Ala-
bama, Mr. B ISHOP of Utah, Mr. C ONAWAY , Mr. 
SHIMKUS , Mr. N EUGEBAUER , Mr. S TEWART , 
Mr. B ABIN, Mr. E MMER , Mr. R OGERS of Ala-
bama, Mr. B LUM, Mr. M ARCHANT , Mr. R OKITA , 
Mr. B ARR, Mr. A MODEI , Mr. R OUZER , Mr. 
CURBELO of Florida, Mr. W ALBERG , Mr. S AN-
FORD , Mr. L AMBORN , Mr. S ENSENBRENNER , 
Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, Mr. B YRNE , Mr. 
DESANTIS , Mr. Z INKE, Mr. W ILSON of South 
Carolina, Mr. J OYCE , Mr. M ILLER of Florida, 
Mr. S MITH of Texas, Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, 
Mr. R OSKAM , Mr. C OOK, Mr. G UTHRIE , Mr. 
FLEMING , Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. P OMPEO , Mrs. 
MILLER of Michigan, Mrs. E LLMERS , Mr. 
SCHOCK , Mr. G ARRETT , Mr. B UCK, Mr. P ETER -
SON, Mr. C RAWFORD , Mr. L ATTA , Mr. W ALKER , 
Mr. G RAVES of Missouri, Mr. H UDSON , Mr. 
BURGESS , Mr. N UGENT , Mr. P ALMER , Mr. 
CLAWSON of Florida, Mr. W OMACK , Mr. T UR-
NER, and Mr. H URTof Virginia. 
H.R. 44: Mr. A LGREEN of Texas. 
H.R. 123: Mr. H INOJOSA , Mr. C ARSON of Indi-
ana, and Ms. M OORE . 
H.R. 125: Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, and Ms. 
MOORE . 
H.R. 132: Mr. A LLEN , Mr. B URGESS , Mr. 
ROHRABACHER , Mr. G RAVES of Georgia, and 
Mr. W ESTERMAN . 
H.R. 154: Mr. Y ARMUTH , Ms. D ELBENE, Ms. 
DELAURO , Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. 
BENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, and Mr. 
SCOTT of Virginia. 
H.R. 159: Mr. K LINE. 
H.R. 160: Mr. N OLAN , Mr. Z INKE, and Mr. 
BISHOP of Michigan. H.R. 167: Mr. T HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, 
Mrs. E LLMERS , Ms. H ERRERA BEUTLER , Mr. 
GARAMENDI , Mr. J OYCE , Ms. P INGREE , Mr. 
SALMON , and Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM  
of New Mexico. 
H.R. 169: Mr. H UELSKAMP . 
H.R. 173: Mr. Z INKE, Mr. H UNTER , Mr. 
LUCAS , Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. 
POEof Texas, Mr. B ARR, Mr. N UGENT , Mr. 
SCHWEIKERT , Mr. C ALVERT , Mr. R OGERS of 
Kentucky, and Mr. P OMPEO . 
H.R. 185: Mr. S MITH of Missouri, Mr. C OL-
LINS of Georgia, Mr. H ULTGREN , and Mr. 
TROTT . 
H.R. 191: Mr. M ARINO , Mr. S CHWEIKERT , Mr. 
WESTERMAN , Mr. A LLEN , Mrs. L OVE, and Mr. 
KELLY of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 203: Mr. K LINE, Mrs. M IMIWALTERS of 
California, and Mr. N OLAN . 
H.R. 204: Mr. W EBER of Texas. 
H.R. 206: Mr. P RICE of Georgia. 
H.R. 208: Mr. S ERRANO . 
H.R. 217: Mr. R OUZER , Mr. G RAVES of Geor-
gia, Mr. C RAMER , Mr. E MMER , and Mr. S MITH 
of Washington. 
H.R. 227: Mr. J ONES and Mr. P ERRY . 
H.R. 230: Ms. C ASTOR of Florida. 
H.R. 232: Mr. D ENT. 
H.J. Res. 7: Mr. H UIZENGA of Michigan. 
H.J. Res. 8: Mr. H ICEof Georgia. 
H. Con. Res. 2: Ms. B ROWN of Florida. 
H. Res. 12: Mr. Yarmuth, Ms. D ELBENE, Mr. 
LARSON of Connecticut, Mr. T AKANO , Mr. 
ISRAEL , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. C ROWLEY , Mr. 
NADLER , Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Mr. K ILMER , and 
Ms. G ABBARD . 
H. Res. 13: Ms. B ROWN of Florida. 
f 
CONGRESSIONAL EARMARKS, LIM-
ITED TAX BENEFITS, OR LIM-ITED TARIFF BENEFITS 
Under clause 9 of rule XXI, lists or 
statements on congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits were submitted as follows: 
OFFERED BYMR. HENSARLING  
The provisions that warranted a referral to 
the Committee on H.R. 37 do not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax bene-fits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
O
FFERED BYMR. GOODLATTE  
The provisions that warranted a referral to 
the Committee on Judiciary in H.R. 185 do not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff bene-fits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
O
FFERED BYMR. ROGERS OF KENTUCKY  
H.R. 240, the Department of Homeland Se-
curity Appropriations Act, 2015, does not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as de-fined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Jan 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09JA7.015 H09JAPT1EMCDONALD on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S121 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, FRIDAY, JANUARY 9, 2015 No. 4 
Senate 
The Senate met at 9:30 a.m. and was 
called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-
fered the following prayer: 
Let us pray. God of greatness, higher than the 
Heavens, may Your Name be praised. Lord, You fill our lives with good things. Fill our lawmakers with a rev-erence for You that will empower them to stand for right, whatever the con-sequences. Influence their thoughts, words, and actions, and keep them from the roads that lead to disunity. Lord, give them courage and resolve to glorify Your Name as they trust the unfolding of Your loving providence. Be their strength and shield this day and always. 
We pray in Your powerful Name. 
Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The President pro tempore led the 
Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Under 
the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. 
Mr. PERDUE. Mr. President, I sug-
gest the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The 
clerk will call the roll. The assistant legislative clerk pro-
ceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
P
ERDUE ). Without objection, it is so or-
dered. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY 
LEADER 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-
jority leader is recognized. 
f 
KEYSTONE XL PIPELINE ACT— 
MOTION TO PROCEED 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
move to proceed to S. 1. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the motion. 
The assistant legislative clerk read 
as follows: 
Motion to proceed to Calendar No. 1, S. 1, 
a bill to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline. 
ORDER OF PROCEDURE  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that Senators be permitted to speak as in morning business for up to 10 minutes each. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
SCHEDULE  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, yes-
terday the Senate passed a bipartisan terrorism risk insurance bill and sent it to the President for signature. We worked with our colleagues in the House and on the other side of the aisle to quickly process that bill in a timely manner, and I thank the Speaker and all Members of the Senate for granting unanimous consent to set up those votes yesterday. 
This morning we will continue to de-
bate the motion to proceed to the Key-stone bill. Chairman M
URKOWSKI and 
several members of the energy com-mittee will be here to talk about this bipartisan infrastructure bill. No votes are scheduled for today, but 
we will have a cloture vote on the mo-tion to proceed on Monday night. It is my hope that Chairman M
URKOWSKI  
and Senator C ANTWELL can begin the 
amendment process under the regular order. Unfortunately, some of our col-leagues on the other side of the aisle continue to block our effort to even get on the bill, and therefore the cloture vote on Monday is required. 
Mr. President, I suggest the absence 
of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The assistant legislative clerk pro-
ceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. HOEVEN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. HOEVEN. Mr. President, I am 
here this morning to once again talk about the Keystone XL Pipeline, the legislation we will be voting on next week. We will be voting on cloture on the motion to proceed to the legisla-tion. Then, hopefully, we will be debat-ing that bill and offering amendments, which is exactly what we are supposed to be doing in this Chamber. 
On Thursday, yesterday, we had a 
hearing on the bill. In that hearing we brought the bill forward. It is a bill I have authored. J
OEMANCHIN is the lead 
Democratic cosponsor. We have 60 co-sponsors on the bill. So we have strong bipartisan support. It is the Keystone approval bill. Essentially, what it does is under the commerce clause of the Constitution of the United States, which authorizes Congress to oversee trade with foreign countries, we ap-prove the Keystone XL Pipeline cross-ing the border from Canada into the United States. 
A lot of people do not realize the 
pipeline carries domestic oil from places such as North Dakota and Mon-tana—the Bakken region of our coun-try—to refineries, and it carries both 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:00 Jan 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09JA6.000 S09JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S122 January 9, 2015 
Canadian and domestic crude. But part 
of the approval requires approval for crossing the border from Canada into the United States. Typically, that is done by a national interest determina-tion by the President of the United States. But the President has been un-willing to do that now for more than 6 years. 
The company that is trying to build 
this pipeline, TransCanada, applied for approval to build this project pursuant to other pipelines it had already built. The original Keystone had already been built. This is the Keystone XL sis-ter pipeline. But in September 2008 they applied for approval to build the Keystone XL Pipeline and to get a cross-border permit determination by the President that, in fact, this vital energy infrastructure is in the national interest. 
Well, more than 6 years have elapsed, 
obviously, since September 2008. The President has still not rendered a final decision, arguing that somehow the process has not been completed after more than 6 years. Of course, America was able to fight and win World War II in less than 6 years. But our President feels that somehow that process still has not been completed after more than 6 years on this project. 
So, of course, the purpose of the bill 
is, in essence, to say: All right, Mr. President, if you will not approve this project, Congress will—under the com-merce clause of the Constitution— which we have the authority to do. Earlier we passed legislation. As a mat-ter of fact, I had written a bill in 2011, which we passed in 2012. We attached it to the payroll tax holiday, a bill that got 73 votes, as I recall, which required the President to make a decision. At that time the decision he made was no, on the basis of the route in Nebraska. 
So what happened then in 2012 is that 
the good citizens of Nebraska went to work on a new route in Nebraska. The legislature, the Governor dealt with that new route, came up with a new route, and approved it overwhelmingly. 
It was then subsequently challenged 
by opponents of the project. Some of the extreme environmentalists have continued to oppose the project, and so that decision went to the supreme court. 
We learned today the supreme court 
has now decided in favor of Trans-Canada. The news came out this morn-ing that yet another obstacle, after more than 6 years of obstacles, today has been taken care of. The problem is solved. 
The Nebraska State Legislature 
ruled in favor of the Governor—Gov-ernor Dave Heineman, whom I know very well, the former Governor of Ne-braska—and the legislature, and it said the way they sited this pipeline is, in fact, proper and upheld their decision. I will talk about that decision in a few minutes. 
But the other thing I wish to talk 
about in terms of the Keystone Pipe-line is the discussion we had yesterday in the energy committee because it was 
an opportunity to begin the debate we are going to have on the floor next week. The proponents had an oppor-tunity to state their positions and why, and the opponents had their oppor-tunity to state their positions and why. So for several hours we began that de-bate. We then voted on the legislation and moved it out, without amendment, on a 13-to-9 vote. It was a bipartisan vote, 13 to 9, and we will have that bill for a vote on the floor Monday. 
I wish to address some of the argu-
ments the opponents put forward in op-position to this project. I will start with the Nebraska court decision be-cause that was one of the issues brought up at our energy hearing yes-terday. Some of the opponents of the project said: Well, you know what. The process hasn’t been concluded—even though it has been going on for more than 6 years. I will put a diagram up here that shows the route of the pipe-line. 
As I mentioned, the original Key-
stone pipeline has already been built. That is the red. That has already been built. It was permitted. It took 2 years to permit and 2 years to build. I was actually Governor of North Dakota at that time. We can see it goes right through our State. 
It seems to me that application was 
submitted by TransCanada in 2006. It was during the Bush administration, obviously. It was approved within 2 years, and the project was constructed within 2 years. 
So from start to conclusion, 4 years 
to build this pipeline, which I think carries about 640,000 barrels of oil a day. It brings it down to Cushing so that oil can go into our oil refineries in the gulf. It also goes over here to Pato-ka, IL, so it can go to our refineries in the East. 
Based on that project, there are 
640,000 barrels a day. TransCanada wanted to build a second pipeline. This one is 830,000 barrels a day. I think it is about a $7.9 billion project in all. 
Not only does this project carry 
crude from Canada, our closest friend and ally, but it also brings oil out of this Bakken region in North Dakota and Montana. We put oil on it as well. So both Canadian and domestic crude are going to our refineries. 
Again, it is just basic infrastructure 
that we need to move energy from where we produce it to where we refine it and consume it. We can’t build an energy plan for this country without the necessary infrastructure. We have to have pipelines, roads, rail, and elec-tric transmission lines to move elec-tricity. 
We cannot build what we want, which 
is either—some people refer to it as en-ergy independence. I call it energy se-curity. But, net, we produce more en-ergy than we consume. 
When we produce more energy than 
we consume, we get jobs, we get eco-nomic growth, we get national security because we don’t have to depend on places such as the Middle East or Ven-
ezuela or Russia—as does so much of Europe. Western Europe and Eastern Europe is dependent on Russia for their oil and gas. What a terrible situation for them. The people of this country don’t want to depend on OPEC for their oil. 
So we produce it here. We are doing 
that. You know what else. We are working with our closest friend and ally Canada, and already that is hap-pening. We are already moving toward a situation—we already produce more natural gas, but soon, if we keep it up, we will produce more oil. Working to-gether with Canada, we will get a little bit from Mexico, and we will produce more oil and gas than we consume. 
Some call it energy independence— 
not really, because it is a global mar-ket for energy. But it is certainly en-ergy security. We don’t have to depend on anyone else for our energy because we have it right here. 
Not only does that create jobs di-
rectly, but energy is a foundational in-dustry for all of the other industry sec-tors. Think about it. If you are in man-ufacturing, high-tech—just name it—or if you are in farming, agriculture, you depend on energy. If you have lower costs and abundant, available energy, you are more competitive in the global economy, aren’t you? So it is a foundational industry as well, and that is why we have to have this vital infra-structure as part of the energy building plan for our country. 
It is working. Don’t take my word for 
it. Drive to the gas station. Go on over there. Fill up your car. Look at the bill when you are done. It is a lot lower than it was a few years ago, right? Check it out. 
Every consumer is benefiting at the 
pump. Small businesses are benefiting across the board. All the industry sec-tors benefit from lower oil and gas prices. 
Why did that happen? OPEC decided 
to give us a Christmas present; is that what it is? I don’t think so. 
Russia decided: Oh, gee, to our 
friends in America, we better send them some oil to reduce the price at the pump. I don’t think so. 
It is because we are producing so 
much more oil and gas—not only in the 
Bakken and in the Eagle Ford forma-tion in Texas, which are shale, clays for oil, but also natural gas in the Marcellus, other areas of our country— in the eastern part—and by working with our closest friend and ally, Can-ada. We are getting millions of barrels of oil from Canada. 
So the oil we produce at home and 
the oil we get from Canada we don’t have to get from Venezuela, we don’t have to get from OPEC, we don’t have to get from Russia, and we don’t have to get from countries in Africa. When we send those dollars over to other countries, how are they using those dollars? Look at what is going on in Paris today. 
How many of those petro dollars fund 
terrorist activities? Isn’t it better, if 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:00 Jan 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09JA6.004 S09JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S123 January 9, 2015 
we are not going to produce that en-
ergy at home, that we get it from Can-ada? And isn’t it better that we produce that energy at home? 
How are we going to produce that en-
ergy at home if we don’t have the in-frastructure to move it from where it is produced to where it is consumed? Gee, then somebody will say: Well, yeah, that is just common sense, of course, right? 
I mean, that is just basic common 
sense. Why aren’t we doing it? Yet here we are in a process for more than 6 years still waiting to produce it be-cause the extreme environmental in-terests have decided: Well, we just don’t want to produce more oil. We don’t want more oil produced in this country, and we don’t want more oil produced in Canada. 
Of course, you say: Well, then what? 
We keep buying it from Russia or we keep buying it from OPEC? Oh, no, no, no, we will just keep developing all these alternatives. I am all for devel-oping all kinds of energy. I would say go ahead. Let’s do it. 
We worked hard in our State. We 
have not only oil and gas—we are now the second largest oil-producing State, second only to Texas, but we also produce natural gas. We have coal fired, we have solar, we have wind, we have biofuels. We have all of them. I am for all of them. 
What I don’t understand is how de-
veloping our oil and gas resources, building the vital infrastructure—how does that prevent us from developing any other type of energy? How does it prevent that? It doesn’t. 
It just makes sure that as we work 
on anything else, we don’t have to con-tinue to be dependent on OPEC or somebody else for our oil and gas. That is all we are doing. 
So let’s not sit here and pick winners 
and losers and do that kind of thing. Let’s create the best business climate we can. Let’s develop the vital infra-structure we need to move energy around our country, and let’s truly be-come energy secure. That is what this project represents. 
Make no mistake. At the end of the 
day, that is what this project is about. It has been held up for more than 6 years with hurdle after hurdle. Some-body says: Oh, well, gee, that is Trans-Canada. That is one company. Who cares about that? 
Think about it. If you are going to 
build a pipeline or move energy around this country, if you are going to try to develop oil and gas—whether it is for Canada or anyone else—and you see a company that wants to build a simple pipeline—something that has been done, I think, 19 times before—and they have to spend billions of dollars and take years and years and years, and they still don’t have it, are you still going to rush out and do that? Are you going to rush out and build a lot more infrastructure? Probably not. 
So isn’t this really about trying to 
shut her down? Isn’t this the opponent saying: No, we are going to shut down 
developing the energy resources in this country. We are not going to work with Canada to do it. 
And then what do we end up doing? 
We say: Well, we will have all these other things. 
Maybe we will, maybe we won’t or 
maybe we will go right back to what has been happening—history tends to repeats itself—and we will go back to remaining dependent on OPEC oil, back to remaining dependent on OPEC. It has to be music to these guys’ ears. 
I wish to take a couple of minutes— 
I know the chairman of our energy committee will be coming to the floor and speaking on this issue as well—and work to rebut some of the other argu-ments that have been brought up on this issue, and some of these were brought up yesterday at our energy committee. 
The first one, as I say, was: Well, 
look, the process isn’t done because the decision in Nebraska hasn’t been made. 
Well, in fact, the decision in Ne-
braska has been made several times. Now the Nebraska Supreme Court put out a ruling today saying that it is fine. All the work the legislature in Ne-braska did, all the work the Governor in Nebraska did—the rerouting in Ne-braska is upheld. 
That is done. That excuse is gone. As 
the House works to pass this bill today, and as we work to pass it next week, that argument is off the table. That has been taken care of. 
The biggest argument is the environ-
mental argument. The opponents say: Oh, well, it will produce greenhouse gas emissions. They are opposed to oil de-velopment because it produces green-house gas emissions. 
Yet the environmental impact state-
ment—I should say the multiple envi-ronmental impact statements done by the State Department—this is what they say. Understand there have been five different reports—three draft re-ports and two final reports—over a 6- year timeframe. The State Department has done this not once, not twice, but three times in draft form and two times in final form. They have gone in, and they have analyzed the environ-mental impact of this project. 
When you read the report, do you 
know what it says? ‘‘No significant en-vironmental impact’’ is what it says. That is the Obama administration’s State Department environmental im-pact statement, after 6 years of study— not once, not twice, but five times be-tween three draft statements and two final statements—‘‘No significant envi-ronmental impact.’’ That is what it says. 
It just stands to reason because if we 
don’t build the pipeline, they pointed out, then what happens? Well, if you don’t have this pipeline, the environ-mental impact statement pointed out that it will take 1,400 railcars a day to move that oil. So instead of moving that oil from Canada, not even count-ing—I mean, we have to move our oil too. If we don’t have the pipeline to 
move that oil in the safest, most cost- effective and efficient way, then it has to be moved by rail. If you don’t have a pipeline, you have to move it by rail. Now you have 1,400 railcars a day cre-ating congestion on the rail. 
That creates more greenhouse gas, 
that creates more congestion, more dif-ficulty in moving our ag products and other products. 
We are already seeing that. We al-
ready have congestion on our rail that is backing up the shipment of other goods. We had a tremendous problem moving our ag goods this year. So are we going to have another 1,400 railcars on a railroad system that is already overloaded? It doesn’t make much sense. 
You know what. It creates more 
greenhouse gas. So by not having the pipeline, you increase the greenhouse gas emissions. I suppose Canada could say—although it is unlikely because they are already moving it by rail. 
In my home State of North Dakota 
we are already moving 700,000 barrels a day by railcar because we can’t get enough pipeline, and we are producing more oil. We are up to 1.2 million bar-rels a day, moving 700,000 barrels by railcars because we can’t move it by pipeline, benefiting the rest of our country—light, sweet Bakken crude. 
The other thing with Canada is they 
say: If we can’t bring the pipeline down and work with our closest friend and ally, the United States, if they would rather work with—I don’t know—OPEC than Canada—we can’t figure that one out. I am sure Prime Minister Harper is saying: Oh, boy, that is unbelievable. But OK, then I guess what we will have to do is we will build these pipelines— and they are already in the process of doing so—to the west coast of Canada. We will load that oil on tankers, and we will send it all to China because China wants it. They are not only will-ing to buy the oil, but they are trying to buy the source of the oil. 
So then it gets on the pipeline, and 
then it goes on tankers over to China. Well, those tankers produce greenhouse gas emissions as they haul that oil to China. In China the refineries have much higher greenhouse gas emissions. They are much less efficient. They are much less environmentally sound than our refineries in this country. So what do we end up with? We end up with much higher greenhouse gas emissions because we didn’t have the pipeline. 
Oh, and by the way, instead of us 
then refining it, tankers have to bring that petroleum to us from OPEC, from Russia, heavy crude from Venezuela, creating some more greenhouse gas. So the net effect is we have increased the environmental impacts by not allowing the pipeline. It increases it. It doesn’t reduce it, it increases it. 
Furthermore, Canada’s laws, in 
terms of environmental stewardship, are tougher than ours, but they are continuing to move to what is called in situ development in the oil sands. What 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:00 Jan 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09JA6.008 S09JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S124 January 9, 2015 
is in situ development? In situ develop-
ment is drilling and then the use of steam to bring up the oil rather than excavating, which is the traditional way they produce oil up here. So the greenhouse gas footprint is very simi-lar to drilling in the United States. In fact, it has a lower footprint than the heavy crude that comes out of Cali-fornia—a very environmentally con-scious State. 
Again, when we talk about the envi-
ronmental impact, let’s talk about the facts. Let’s talk about reality, and those are the facts. That is what it is truly about. 
Safety is another thing they brought 
up. Something could happen with the pipeline. That is true, and we always have to work on safety. It is very im-portant we always address safety in whatever we do. The best way to have a safe infrastructure system to move energy around this country is to have the right mix of pipelines and roads and rail—the right mix along with transmission lines—so we move all types of energy as safely and as effec-tively as possible. 
This graph reflects the pipeline sys-
tem in our country. Oil and gas are moving through millions and millions of miles of pipelines in our country. This pipeline is going to be the newest, with the latest and the best tech-nology. Oh, by the way, if we don’t have the pipeline, as I mentioned just a minute ago, we are adding 1,400 railcars a day. Everyone can do their own cal-culation, but do we think we are safer and more likely to have less accidents with another pipeline—with the latest, greatest technologies and safeguards— or would we rather have 1,400 railcars a day going through our communities loaded with oil? Common sense again, and the statistics support it. 
There is more. They brought up more 
concerns, but I am nearing the end of my time, in terms of floor time right now, and I know our chairman is com-ing down, so I will have to wrap this up. I went a little longer on some of these issues they brought up, and they brought up others, but here is the good news. We are going to vote on a cloture motion to proceed to the bill on Mon-day. I am hopeful, with our 60 sponsors on this legislation—we will have 60, maybe 63 votes based on what people have indicated to me as to how they will vote right now—that after the vote on Monday we will be on the bill. 
Unlike the past several years in the 
Senate, once we are on the bill, we will be open for business, and we are wel-coming amendments. We are saying to Republicans and Democrats alike: Bring them on. Bring on your amend-ments. If you have a good idea, come on down. If you have a good idea, come on down and let’s talk about your amendment. Let’s debate your amend-ment, and you know what. You are going to get a vote, and if you get 60 votes in support of your amendment, then we will make it part of this legis-lation. We are hopeful that in allowing 
amendments, we can improve the legis-lation, we can make it more bipartisan, and we can get more supporters, so if in fact the President does decide to veto it, we will have 67 votes instead of 60 or 63 votes. That is how the process is supposed to work. We are supposed to be able to have that debate, offer those amendments, and produce the best product we can. That is what we are hoping to do with this legislation. 
We are also hoping that will not only 
generate more bipartisan support on this issue, on this legislation, but on other energy legislation and other leg-islation of all types so we can get the important work of the American people done in this body. That is what it is all about: finding a way to get things done—get the job done for the Amer-ican people. 
With that, I yield the floor, and I 
suggest the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, 
yesterday morning those of us on the Energy and Natural Resources Com-mittee had an opportunity for good dis-cussion about our Nation’s energy fu-ture. More specific to the agenda of yesterday’s business meeting was a bill that would allow for a much-delayed project—the Keystone XL Pipeline—to advance. It moved through the com-mittee favorably. It moved through the committee with bipartisan support. 
As I noted to several colleagues yes-
terday, the discussion we had in the committee about the significance of this pipeline—the significance of its contribution to our Nation’s economy from a jobs perspective and from a re-source perspective is considerable. Ob-viously there was debate on both sides—I think good, healthy debate— and it is debate I hope we will see re-flected on this floor in the next week and perhaps the week following as we have an opportunity to debate. But first we have to get onto that bill. We have that process in place. We will have a vote on the motion to proceed the first of next week. 
I am anxious, as the new chair of the 
energy committee, to move the debate here in the Senate on issues that are so important to us in this Nation. When we think about our Nation’s security— national security and energy security— and when we think about our Nation’s economy and prosperity, so much of it comes back to energy, access to energy that is abundant, affordable, clean, di-verse, and secure. These are principles I have laid out about my views of en-ergy. I am hopeful that the discussion we will have on this floor will help ad-vance us as a Senate, as a Congress, and really as a country in moving for-ward on those policies that will only 
make us stronger and more secure. 
I felt the debate yesterday in com-
mittee was kind of a precursor of some of the agenda items we will see on this floor that will be brought forward by way of amendments. I would encourage colleagues, as they think about next week and as they think about the de-bate we will have on energy, let’s stick to energy. We haven’t had a good, ro-bust debate on energy in a long while. 
We have a lot of other concerns. We 
have colleagues who want to bring up the President’s initiatives as they re-late to immigration or perhaps health care. We will have plenty of oppor-tunity here in the Senate under Leader M
CCONNELL ’s management to hear and 
debate issues that are of great sub-stance and weight. But we have waited far too long for our energy issues to be fully debated on the floor, so I am wel-coming that discussion. 
We heard a lot of good reasons within 
the committee and we have heard a lot of good reasons here on the floor why the Keystone XL Pipeline is signifi-cant, is important to this country. This morning I wish to take a few moments to discuss some of the arguments that have been made against it and perhaps provide some context, some rebuttal, because I think it is fair to acknowl-edge that the Keystone XL Pipeline evokes some strong feelings, but not all of what we have heard is perhaps as factual as we would like it to be. As we note often around here, people are enti-tled to their own opinions, but they are not entitled to their own facts. So I would like to address some of the re-sponses. 
One of the issues we heard yesterday 
was that this bill is almost too much. Well, if those on the committee and on the floor would look directly to the language of the bill, it is pretty simple. The text of the full bill takes up fewer than two pages. It is roughly 400 words long. It doesn’t take long to read or un-derstand. It is pretty simple. It is a pretty simple measure. It approves this long-delayed cross-border permit that is needed to construct the Keystone XL Pipeline. That is all it does. It approves a permit. It doesn’t give some grand sweetheart deal to a foreign company. It doesn’t feather the nest of oil com-panies. It allows for a permit to cross the border between the United States and Canada to allow for a construction project, and it does this while pro-tecting private property rights. 
It allows Nebraska to find the best 
possible route for the pipeline, and it requires all State and local obligations to be fully met. This bill does not deal with routing through the States. It was suggested that somehow or other we here in the Senate and the House are kind of like a zoning committee. That is not what is happening. It doesn’t deal with the routing. As we know, that discussion took place at the State level—and appropriately so. So what this measure does is it just allows for that cross-boundary permit. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:00 Jan 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09JA6.005 S09JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S125 January 9, 2015 
Some of the other points raised were 
that somehow or other this bill pro-vides subsidies—subsidies—whether to TransCanada or to others. It does not authorize a single taxpayer dollar for any purpose. It doesn’t create any new tax credits. It doesn’t reduce current tax rates. The bill is simply about ap-proving the Keystone XL Pipeline. It is that simple. 
I would encourage you to read it. 
Again, it is pretty brief. 
Another question raised yesterday in 
committee: Why the urgency? Why the push right now? We are just in the first week of the 114th Congress. Why are we pushing so quickly to advance this? 
Well, for new Members, such as the 
Presiding Officer, here today, this is the first opportunity you will have had to weigh in on the Senate floor on this very important legislation, but many of us who were here in the 113th Con-gress recall that it was just about 6 or 7 weeks ago that this same measure— in fact, the same language of this bill is what we had on this floor just before we departed at the end of the 113th Congress. We fell one vote short of clo-ture. We had 59 supporters in the Sen-ate. We obviously had very significant Democratic support. Coming up with 59 votes was substantive. I think folks would remember that. 
In effect, this is a little bit about un-
finished business. We were working on it less than 2 months ago—a month and a half ago. We are now back in the 114th Congress. So what has changed? Well, what has changed is that the Pre-siding Officer is now a Member of the Republican Party, and our leader, Sen-ator M
CCONNELL , is leading the Senate. 
We are now in a new Congress with new leadership, and the bill that has been introduced by my friend and colleague from North Dakota has 60 cosponsors— 60 cosponsors—not people who have said: Yes, I think I am going to vote for this bill. These are 60 who have com-mitted and signed their names, and we now have enough votes to pass it in this Chamber. So I think that is a good sign. 
I think it is not a bad sign that what 
we are starting with is a bill that is un-finished business but also a bill that has strong bipartisan support, with 60 cosponsors. It is not very often in this body that we have legislation that has that level of support. So why not start this new Congress off with something that enjoys bipartisan support? I don’t think it was the intention of our leader to start off saying: By gosh, it is going to be Republican ideas only. We are trying to find those ideas and those issues that will advance our country. I believe that moving forward with the Keystone XL Pipeline is something that will advance the best interests of our country. 
So when we talk about timing, I 
think it is important to note that this is not only a good time, it is the best time to bring up Keystone XL. Our col-leagues on the other side of the build-ing are taking up the Keystone XL Pipeline today. We had, of course, good news coming 
out of Nebraska this morning with the announcement that that litigation has been resolved, if you will, with the 
courts effectively upholding the pipe-line route. 
There have been some on the other 
side of the aisle who have suggested that we shouldn’t cut off a process, that we shouldn’t move until things have been resolved in Nebraska. And there are some who would say: Well, OK, that is something we do need to consider. It has been suggested that until that has been resolved, action on the Keystone XL Pipeline is somehow or other premature or untimely. 
I want to speak to the aspect of time-
liness and whether we are moving too quickly. The Presidential approval process is actually another reason we are starting on this bill in this Con-gress. A final ‘‘yes’’ or ‘‘no’’ decision has now been delayed by more than 2,300 days. I think the exact number is 2,303, and we are counting. That is more than 6 years—not to build a pipe-line; we are not talking about it taking 6 years to build the pipeline; we are talking about 6 years to approve a per-mit to cross from the Canadian side to the U.S. side. The energy committee is on its fourth chairman since the initial cross-border application was filed. 
We have seen a lot of process. We 
have seen a lot of talk here in this body. Literally everything that has happened during the Obama adminis-tration—the legislation that has moved, regulations, all of the extra-curricular stuff that goes on outside— that has all happened while the Key-stone XL permit has been pending. One has to look at this and say: 2,300 days and counting, over 6 years—it is pretty clear to me that the President really doesn’t want to make this decision, and so if the Congress can step in and make it happen, the Congress should step in and make it happen. 
I mentioned the decision coming out 
of Nebraska this morning and the fact that it allows—the pipeline route was effectively upheld. So that aspect of the process that individuals have been waiting for I think we can fairly say has been resolved. 
In the Statement of Administration 
Policy—effectively the veto threat the President has issued on Keystone XL that I would note he issued the day we gavelled into the 114th Congress, before we started any of our business. In his veto message, the President said the legislation would cut short consider-ation of important issues relevant to the national interests. Again, I would just ask anyone, really? Some 2,303 days and we think we are somehow or other cutting short a process? 
In his veto SAP, he states further 
that ‘‘the bill would also authorize the project despite uncertainty due to on-going litigation in Nebraska.’’ Well, it looks as though that part of it has been resolved, so that can’t be used as the excuse. 
It is not just in that Statement of 
Administration Policy. Back in April the Press Secretary for the President, 
Mr. Carney, stated, ‘‘Absent a definite route from Nebraska, the decision, as I understand, by State is that that can’t continue until the situation in Ne-braska is resolved.’’ OK. We are letting you know now that the situation in Ne-braska has been resolved. 
Further, there was a statement that 
came out of the State Department on April 18 in which they note that a core reason for the delay is ‘‘the potential impact of the Nebraska Supreme Court case which could ultimately affect the pipeline route.’’ All right. The State Department also has word now that we are no longer waiting for that. 
So when one talks about timeliness, 
when one talks about why it is impera-tive that we allow this permit to pro-ceed, it is because it has been 6 years. It is because the decks have been cleared. It is an infrastructure that will benefit our Nation as well as our friends to the northern border. 
I would like to talk about the issue 
of job creation. We have talked a lot about the jobs that are created with a potential Keystone XL project. We heard in the committee discussion yes-terday that, hey, this is not as adver-tised. There are only going to be about 55 permanent jobs and only 4,000 con-struction jobs that will be created. 
We have been saying it is closer to 
42,000 jobs. There is a lot of water in between 4,000 and 42,000. Who is cor-rect? I think it is important to note that the numbers we are talking about are drawn from the State Department’s final supplemental EIS. It is one of those situations where if you are op-posed to it you are going to grab some low numbers, and if you are supportive of it you might grab the high numbers. But I think you need to read the whole thing in context, my friends. 
The final supplemental EIS goes on 
to say: 
Construction contracts, materials, and 
support purchased in the United States would total approximately $3.1 billion, with another $233 million spent on construction camps. During construction, this spending would support a combined total of approxi-mately 42,100 average annual jobs and ap-proximately $2 billion in earnings through-out the United States. 
It goes on further to say: 
Approximately 16,100 would be direct jobs 
at firms that are awarded contracts for goods and services, including construction directly by Keystone. The other approxi-mately 26,000 jobs would result from indirect and induced spending; this would consist of goods and services purchased by the con-struction contractors and spending by em-ployees working for either the construction contractor or for any supplier of goods and services required in the construction process. 
So, again, these aren’t L ISAMUR-
KOWSKI ’s numbers that are drawn from 
the air or Senator H OEVEN , the sponsor 
of this bill, conjuring up these num-bers. These are the numbers that come from the State Department’s final sup-plemental EIS. This is what they are saying—42,100 average annual jobs, $2 billion in earnings, 16,000 direct jobs, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:43 Jan 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09JA6.007 S09JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S126 January 9, 2015 
26,000 jobs from indirect and induced 
spending. 
The State Department estimates con-
struction workers on a seasonal basis— 4 to 8 months per period. On an annual basis that is 1,950 jobs per year for 2 years, and that is where they get the 4,000 construction jobs. 
But think about it. The nature of the 
construction business is not that these are jobs in perpetuity. That means you build things, and once they are built you move on to build something else. Of course they are not permanent jobs because we are not in a permanent state of construction. The key here is to approve projects in a timely manner so that these good, skilled, qualified workers can go from one job to the next and have permanent, stable em-ployment—not necessarily on the same project for their entire lifetime but to be able, as a welder, as a skilled techni-cian, to move from one project to an-other. 
I would support this project even if it 
were just 4,000 temporary jobs, but it is not. What we are talking about is sup-porting over 42,000 workers over a 2- year period. That is significant. It is significant given the unemployment levels we are at—we are at 5.6 percent now. Isn’t this what we are wanting to do, to bring on new jobs? 
In my State right now we are trying 
to figure out how we can move Alas-ka’s natural gas to market, not only to benefit our State with revenues but to benefit jobs. We don’t have a deal yet that allows us to build that pipeline, although our Governor today and our previous Governor and Governors be-fore them have been working diligently to make that happen, and one of these days we are going to see it. But in the meantime, do you think Alaskans are saying: Well, we are not so sure we want this because these are only going to be temporary construction jobs. Ab-solutely not. We are building training facilities. We are getting our workforce kind of teed up for that day so that when it comes, we are ready because we want those construction jobs. We recognize it will be a construction project, and by its very definition it is not permanent. 
Don’t you think that bolsters my 
State’s economy? Don’t you think we are hoping every day that we are going to get moving on this project? Abso-lutely. Is it going to benefit my State? Yes. Is it going to benefit this country? Yes. Let’s get moving on it, and let’s get moving on Keystone XL. 
I get a little frustrated when we talk 
about the jobs, and we have those who say we should dismiss the fact that if we can’t get to a certain number of jobs, the project is not worthwhile. What we are doing is approving a non-subsidized, nonfederally funded project. This is not costing us anything. This will be a benefit to us. It is not an en-tire industry, nor is it a multiple-year funding authorization for transpor-tation projects around the country. I think those kinds of comparisons are inaccurate and to a certain extent un-
fair. 
I suggest to those who criticize Key-
stone XL’s job-creating potential to be careful. We don’t want to put ourselves in a position where we are going to wind up opposing nearly all individual projects for any purpose all across the country just because they don’t create enough jobs. 
Take the Department of Energy’s 
Loan Guarantee Program. It has fund-ed some good programs, in my view, over the years. We have seen some re-newable energy projects in recent years that I think have been beneficial to our region. By our count, more than one dozen of these projects would create less than 50 permanent jobs. We are not creating hundreds or even thousands of jobs. It will create less than 50 perma-nent jobs. One solar project created 7 permanent jobs, a wind project created 10, a geothermal project created 14, and we had a transmission line that created 15 permanent jobs. I think the question that has to be asked is: Should we have opposed these projects based on the number of permanent jobs that are as-sociated with them? Is there a min-imum number of jobs we are going to use as a benchmark for approval or de-nial or should we just be glad and en-couraged when any new job is created because it means Americans have found steady work? This is what I thought we were working toward. 
Keep in mind Keystone XL is one 
project. It is one project. It is one pipe-line. There is one connector between Canada and the United States that con-nects up to a pipeline that has already been built in the South and will feed into our existing system. This is not brandnew frontier. We are allowing for a connector between Canada and the systems we have in the United States. 
Keystone XL is one project. It is one 
small part of the employment that en-ergy production and infrastructure de-velopment can provide for our Nation. We already have 19 cross-border oil pipelines. This is coming down from Canada in the North and coming up from Mexico in the South. We are al-ready building up our LNG export ca-pability and so much more. 
Again, keep in mind this is not the 
first time there has been a request for a cross-border pipeline. We have 19 that are already in place. What makes this one so special? 
I will have more to say on that issue 
in the future. I know our leaders are expected to come down to the floor shortly. I look forward to a good, hon-est debate about our energy resources, our energy opportunities, and our en-ergy challenges. I think the American public is ready for this discussion. 
I don’t know what happens around 
the dinner table in the hometowns of Georgia, but I can tell you in Alaska we talk a lot about energy, and we don’t talk about it because we are an energy-producing State. We talk about it because it costs us a lot of money to keep warm in a cold place. It costs us a lot of money because we are not part 
of anybody else’s energy infrastruc-ture. 
We don’t have transmission lines 
that connect us from one place to the 
other. We have what we have, and we are thankful to have it. We are ready to share it with others around the country and around the globe, but we in Alaska talk a lot about the afford-ability of our energy resources. We talk a lot about how we can access our abundant resources. We talk a lot about how to use our ingenuity and technology to advance us so we can have cleaner energy sources and move to a world of renewable energy, and that is so exciting for us. 
We have a lot of fossil fuel in Alas-
ka—and we have a lot of everything else—and we are excited to be devel-oping our geothermal, our marine hydrokinetic, our biomass, our wind potential, and our solar potential. It is a little dark there now, but our solar potential in the summer is second to none. 
We are excited as to what we might 
be able to do in understanding how we can tap into ocean energy resources. It is exciting. We need to do more as a na-tion when it comes to efficiency and conservation. We should be leading in that way, and that is why I am pleased we will have an opportunity to again revisit the merits of the legislation my friends Senator P
ORTMAN and Senator 
SHAHEEN have been working on so long 
as it relates to energy efficiency and taking that up as an opportunity for amendment. We have such good issues to talk about—issues that the Amer-ican public is talking about because it impacts them, and it impacts their family budget. It impacts their oppor-tunities for jobs, and it impacts our Nation’s security. 
I have not talked today about the se-
curity aspects of it, but it doesn’t take a foreign policy analyst to understand that gaining the benefit from an en-ergy resource from our friends in Can-ada is better than asking for that same resource from the OPEC nations or Venezuela or from any nation that might not like us. That is a debate that again is so core to what we are talking about with Keystone XL. 
We have a healthy relationship with 
Canada. It is important because when someone drives to my State, which is a heck of a long drive, they have to go through more of Canada than anyplace else. I want to have a good relationship with Canada, but I can tell you our friends on the Canadian border are wondering what is happening in the United States. It has been 2,303 days, and we can’t make a decision on whether we should benefit from a jobs perspective, an economic perspective, and a national security perspective. 
I look forward to the discussion next 
week, and I look forward to a robust and full debate on good energy amend-ments that will be coming before this body. 
With that, I yield the floor and sug-
gest the absence of a quorum. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:00 Jan 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09JA6.011 S09JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S127 January 9, 2015 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Ms. CANTWELL. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Ms. CANTWELL. Mr. President, I 
come to the floor this morning to talk about the Keystone XL Pipeline. I see my colleague from Alaska is here this morning, and I think she and I were thinking we would be continuing this debate next Monday as the Senate moves forward on the motion to pro-ceed to rule XIV of the bill that relates to this issue. Obviously we had com-mittee action yesterday, but we are both here this morning. 
I wish to say to my colleague before 
she leaves the floor that I do look for-ward to the opportunity where she and I can sit down and talk about an en-ergy strategy and other issues that will help move our country forward so we can produce jobs. 
I had a chance to work with Senator 
M
URKOWSKI ’s father and other Repub-
licans on the energy committee. We produced some very good energy legis-lation in both 2005 and 2007 that did re-sult in moving our country forward. It was bipartisan legislation and defi-nitely not unanimous. I mean, there was a great deal of debate about them, but we got them done nonetheless. I am looking forward to working with the Senator from Alaska on these issues. 
It is probably safe to say the Senator 
from Alaska and I had plans this morn-ing other than coming to the Senate floor; nonetheless, I am more than happy to talk about the recent decision by the Nebraska Supreme Court and how Congress will continue to discuss the issue of Keystone XL approval. Many of my colleagues probably know that the House will take up this action sometime today. The President has consistently said he is interested in having the process play out in Ne-braska before he makes a decision about whether this pipeline is in the national interest. The President of the United States and the State Depart-ment have the authority and responsi-bility to look at this issue as it relates to what is in the national interest of the United States of America. 
This decision by the Nebraska Su-
preme Court today is a very interesting decision. It is a very interesting deci-sion because a majority of the Ne-braska Supreme Court, four out of the 
seven justices on the court, said this law was unconstitutional—this at-tempt to circumvent the public inter-est process by which the citizens of Ne-braska can raise concerns about a pipe-line going through their community. The majority of the supreme court said, yes, that decision to short circuit the public process in Nebraska was un-constitutional. 
Unfortunately for those citizens in 
Nebraska and those citizens in the United States of America who want to 
make sure the environmental security issues and economic issues are fully discussed, they are getting shut down by a supermajority of the Nebraska Su-preme Court. They failed to get five out of the seven supreme court justices to side with them. Nonetheless, I think there is a lot in this decision for all of us to think about; that is, just how much this process has been cir-cumvented. 
To me it is very unusual that the 
Senate would be asked to vote on a bill that would expedite the siting of a pipeline through the United States of America simply because a Canadian company wants us to do so. It is per-plexing to me because I hear a lot of people talk about our neighbors, and I definitely value the relationship that the United States and Canada have. We are in the process of a major discussion with them on issues that impact the Pacific Northwest, and we have to work with our neighbors. 
I am struck that my state has a great 
relationship with British Columbia, which is Washington’s neighbor to the north. Sixty-eight percent of British Columbian residents oppose a tar sands pipeline across their province. That is right, a Canadian province definitely does not want a tar sands pipeline going through their neighborhood. 
We have First Nations all across Can-
ada who don’t want tar sands develop-ment and pipelines across Canada. In addition, there are a lot of concerns about environmental practices for tar sands production that are in place in Alberta. 
People should know that the oil and 
gas producing province of Alberta, not the federal government of Canada, reg-ulates tar sands development. Alberta does not require what we in the U.S. would consider ‘‘best practices’’ for de-velopment of some of the dirtiest oil production in the world. In the U.S., we actually have federal laws that make oil production cleaner than in Alberta. 
There is a lot of concern about these 
not only tar sands production, but also about byproducts, such as pet coke. As my colleague from Michigan stated in our business meeting yesterday, uncov-ered pet coke mounds, which could just blow around in the wind, caused seri-ous environmental concerns in Michi-gan and Illinois. In addition, I am sure my colleague from California has been down here talking about benzene, which is a byproduct that is left behind and can adversely affect individuals. 
To say that just because this Ne-
braska court decision became final today, that all those environmental issues and public safety issues have gone away, is surely a misstatement. Congress is being pressured to make a sweetheart deal for a business interest. 
I believe tar sands producers should 
pay into the oil spill liability trust fund, just as companies that produce other oil products have to do. This is a very important issue for me because oilspills are a situation that we in the Pacific Northwest have cared about for 
a long period of time. In fact, the Com-mandant of the Coast Guard appeared before the Senate commerce com-mittee last year, and I had a chance to ask the commandant whether the Coast Guard had a way to respond to a tar sands oilspill, and he basically told me that, no, they didn’t. 
So, to me, there are a lot of environ-
mental issues, a lot of process issues, and issues of paying a fair share for helping to clean up oilspills—and these issues all add up to serious concerns with legislatively approving a con-struction project. My colleagues on the other side want to turn Congress into a siting commission, to give a special in-terest the certainty to move forward on a project that needs to go through the proper process and channels. 
In the State of Nebraska, the public 
said we have concerns about a tar sands pipeline running through our state, straight through the environ-mentally sensitive Sand Hills region and the Ogallala Aquifer, which pro-vides drinking water to six states. In-stead of dealing with those environ-mental issues, the company and its ad-vocates came to the Congress and tried to get that route approved. This is why the President had to reject the pro-posal in 2012—because TransCanada did not want to do right be the citizens of Nebraska or the environment. 
The long and short of it is, if Trans-
Canada had been successful in getting the original route approved, that pipe-line would go across the Ogallala Aqui-fer. There is now a broad consensus that this would have been the wrong route, endangering the water supply in America’s agricultural heartland. 
So, thank God, Congress, which tried 
to act and give a sweetheart deal to TransCanada, was thwarted by the President. The President said, I cannot approve this project now. And guess what happened. The company said, yes, that is right; we have to figure out a better route for the pipeline. And TransCanada had to start the process all over with a new application for a better route through Nebraska. 
In my State, a utility and transpor-
tation commission—in the State of Ne-braska I think it is called a public serv-ice commission—oversees the siting process for these kinds of infrastruc-ture projects. That commission has a public process and answers all of the questions the public raises, debates the issues that are before the public and makes sure those issues are taken into account—I know many of my col-leagues probably can relate to this more from the perspective of siting transmission lines or a grid system. I am sure people have seen a neighbor-hood complaining about a transmission line going through their neighborhood. This is a pipeline, and for us pipelines are very important in the Pacific Northwest. We had a natural gas pipe-line that blew up, killing some young children in the Bellingham area. So, for me, pipeline siting, and the process 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:00 Jan 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09JA6.013 S09JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S128 January 9, 2015 
that goes into assuring the safety and 
security of the siting, should be de-cided in the broad daylight of public discussion through the proper chan-nels. In this case, people circumvented that public commission process in Ne-braska, circumvented what would have been a utilities and transportation commission process, and let the Gov-ernor decide the route. Then the deci-sion was sent to the Nebraska Supreme Court to determine whether in fact the Governor had the authority to do that. Four of those seven justices said it was unconstitutional—not the super-majority for sure, but four of them said it was unconstitutional. But nothing in that decision corrected the original problem of them circumventing the en-vironmental and economic and security issues that a public commission is sup-posed to go through in this process. 
I ask my colleagues, why are we in 
such a big hurry to make this decision on behalf of a utility commission and on behalf of the President of the United States when there are real issues of safety and security that need to be dis-cussed? 
Next week my colleagues are going 
to have a lot of discussion on a lot of different amendments, but I still advo-cate that Congress has no business de-ciding for a special interest where a pipeline should go without the due process of citizens who are affected by pipeline having input to the decision. 
I hope my colleagues will continue to 
let the process play out. I hope my col-leagues will care more about public process and public interest than special interest. There is a great article, which I will submit for the R
ECORD , in Busi-
ness Week citing welding issues with the current Keystone Pipeline. That existing pipeline has had safety prob-lems. 
We in the Pacific Northwest cele-
brate that we are a gateway to Asia, and we celebrate the fact that a lot of people will want to use that gateway. But we are very concerned about due process for infrastructure projects. We see other countries wanting to move energy and other products through our gateway when safety, security, envi-ronmental, and public issues are not being fully addressed. 
I hope my colleagues will continue to 
make sure due process is given and that we will continue to make sure all of these public interest and environ-mental issues are addressed. 
I thank the Presiding Officer, and I 
yield the floor. 
I see the leader on the floor, so I will 
not suggest the absence of a quorum. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
RECOGNIZING FACTORY SERVICE 
AGENCY 
∑Mr. VITTER. Mr. President, Lou-
isianians are well-known for our deli-cious food, rich cultural traditions, and enthusiasm for football. Less well known, but just as important, is our deep appreciation for reliable air condi-tioning. During the muggy summer months, every Louisianian needs a reli-able air conditioning contractor on 
speed dial. As the newly elected chair-man of the Senate Small Business and Entrepreneurship Committee, I am honored to recognize a small business from my State that provides this vital service to its customers—the Factory Service Agency—which is celebrating its 40th year of operation this year. 
Based out of Metairie, LA, Factory 
Service Agency serves the entire New Orleans metro area. While the business encompasses a multitude of mechan-ical and general contracting special-ties, the primary focus is on the instal-lation, service, and maintenance of heating, ventilation, and air condi-tioning equipment. This longstanding Louisiana business emphasizes its mid-dle name—‘‘service’’—and truly pro-vides outstanding customer service, in-cluding 24-hour emergency assistance and maintenance for airflow and duct-work problems. For four decades, Fac-tory Service Agency has gone above and beyond to supply quality products and service to local hospitals, univer-sities, manufacturing facilities, nurs-ing homes, and more. 
Small businesses provide the back-
bone for our economy, and their suc-cesses would not be possible without the direction of exceptional leaders. Mike Mitternight, the owner of Fac-tory Service Agency, is not only re-sponsible for all operations of the busi-ness, but also makes representing small businesses across the State a top priority. Over the years, Mike Mitternight has served on a variety of notable government and business orga-nizations. In addition to his chairman-ship of the statewide Louisiana Eco-nomic Development Small Business Advisory Council, he has served as the chairman of the Louisiana Association of Business and Industry and as a mem-ber of the National Federation of Inde-pendent Business, Louisiana Workforce Investment Council, and the National Small Business Association, the last of which he was named the 2010 Advocate of the Year. Small businesses across the country are fortunate to have a strong proponent with such valuable experience in each aspect of business operations, including financial man-agement, job coordination, and project management. 
For my first small business of the 
week as chairman of the Senate Com-mittee on Small Business and Entre-preneurship, I am honored to recognize a local business that has not only flourished, but has been an inspiration for entrepreneurs in Louisiana and 
across the country. Small businesses consistently provide unmatched atten-tion, communication, and results to their customers, and I am proud to ad-vocate for them. Once again, I con-gratulate Factory Service Agency on an exceptional 40 years and wish them continued success in the future. ∑ 
f 
REMEMBERING SERGEANT 
STEPHEN R. PAQUIN 
∑Mrs. SHAHEEN. Mr. President, today 
I have the solemn duty of memori-alizing SGT Stephen R. Paquin, a sol-dier and native of Nashua, NH, who passed away on December 16 at the age of 27. After serving two tours in Af-ghanistan and a tour in Europe, Ser-geant Paquin had recently transitioned from active duty into the U.S. Army Reserves and was training to become a drill sergeant with 1st Battalion, 304th Regiment in Londonderry. Born and raised in Nashua by his parents Ken-neth and Paula alongside his brother Shawn, he was a graduate of the Uni-versity of New Hampshire and Nashua High School South, where in his senior year Stephen was a member of the Pur-ple Panthers 2005 State championship baseball team. 
Stephen will forever be a member of 
the special community of Americans who selflessly defend our country so that the rest of us may continue to live in peace and freedom. He bravely joined the military at a time when it was almost guaranteed that new re-cruits would be called on to serve in a dangerous warzone far from home. It is my hope that during this extremely difficult time, Stephen’s family and friends will find comfort in knowing that Americans everywhere deeply ap-preciate his commitment to our Na-tion. 
Stephen is survived by his parents, 
Kenneth and Paula, his brother Shawn D. Paquin, and Christine Smith of Wal-tham, MA, his grandmothers Gloria Paquin of Nashua and Carol Mulligan of Dracut, MA, many aunts, uncles, cousins, and friends. This patriot will be missed by all. 
On behalf of the people of New Hamp-
shire, I ask my colleagues and all Americans to join me in honoring the life and service of this brave American, SGT Stephen Paquin. ∑ 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE 
At 11:55 a.m., a message from the 
House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the House has passed the following bill, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 30. An act to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to repeal the 30-hour threshold for classification as a full-time employee for purposes of the employer man-date in the Patient Protection and Afford-able Care Act and replace it with 40 hours. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:43 Jan 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09JA6.014 S09JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S129 January 9, 2015 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE 
RECEIVED DURING ADJOURNMENT 
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED  
Under the order of the Senate of Jan-
uary 6, 2015, the Secretary of the Sen-ate, on January 9, 2015, during the ad-journment of the Senate, received a message from the House of Representa-tives announcing that the Speaker has signed the following enrolled bill: 
H.R. 26. An act to extend the termination 
date of the Terrorism Insurance Program es-tablished under the Terrorism Risk Insur-ance Act of 2002, and for other purposes. 
f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER 
COMMUNICATIONS 
The following communications were 
laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–172. A communication from the Federal 
Liaison Officer, Patent and Trademark Of-fice, Department of Commerce, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Reduction of Fees for Trademark Ap-plications and Renewals’’ (RIN0651–AC94) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 19, 2014; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
EC–173. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary, Office of Legislative Affairs, Department of Homeland Security, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Re-port on Adjustments of Status Granted Under Section 13 of the Act of September 11, 1957’’; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
EC–174. A communication from the Sec-
retary, Judicial Conference of the United States, transmitting, pursuant to law, a re-port entitled ‘‘Report on the Continuing Need for Authorized Bankruptcy Judge-ships’’; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
EC–175. A communication from the Project 
Manager, Citizenship and Immigration Serv-ices, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Notices of Decisions and Documents Evidencing Lawful Status’’ (RIN1615–AC01) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 29, 2014; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
EC–176. A communication from the Chair-
man, Federal Election Commission, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, a report of pro-posed legislation; to the Committee on Rules and Administration. 
EC–177. A communication from the Direc-
tor, Office of Congressional Affairs, Federal Election Commission, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a report relative to the Commis-sion’s competitive sourcing efforts during fiscal year 2014; to the Committee on Rules and Administration. 
EC–178. A communication from the Direc-
tor, Bureau of Economic Analysis, Depart-ment of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Direct Investment Surveys: BE–13, Survey of New Foreign Direct Investment in the United States’’ (RIN0691–AA82) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 22, 2014; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–179. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Bombardier, Inc. Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2013–1067)) 
received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 13, 2014; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
EC–180. A communication from the Chair-
man, National Transportation Safety Board, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report rel-ative to the Board’s competitive sourcing ef-forts for fiscal year 2014; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–181. A communication from the Admin-
istrator, Transportation Security Adminis-tration, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report rel-ative to the Administration’s decision to enter into a contract with a private security screening company to provide screening services at Portsmouth International Air-port (PSM); to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–182. A communication from the Admin-
istrator, Transportation Security Adminis-tration, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report rel-ative to the Administration’s decision to enter into a contract with a private security screening company to provide screening services at Dawson Community Airport (GDV), Glasgow International Airport (GGW), Havre City-County Airport (HVR), Wolf Point International Airport (OLF), and Sidney-Richland Municipal Airport (SDY); to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–183. A communication from the Sec-
retary of Transportation, transmitting, pur-suant to law, a report entitled, ‘‘Funda-mental Properties of Asphalts and Modified Asphalts—III’’ ; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–184. A communication from the Acting 
Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Atlantic Mackerel, Squid, and Butterfish Fisheries; Closure of the 2014 Tri-mester 2 Directed Longfin Squid Fishery’’ (RIN0648–XD378) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on December 19, 2014; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–185. A communication from the Acting 
Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Bluefish Fishery; Quota Transfer’’ (RIN0648–XD609) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on December 19, 2014; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–186. A communication from the Acting 
Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘At-lantic Highly Migratory Species; Commer-cial Aggregated Large Coastal Sharks (LCS) and Hammerhead Sharks in the Atlantic Re-gion’’ (RIN0648–XD636) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 19, 2014; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–187. A communication from the Acting 
Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Caribbean, Gulf of Mexico, and South Atlantic; Snapper-Grouper Fish-ery of the South Atlantic; 2014 Commercial Accountability Measure and Closure for South Atlantic Gag’’ (RIN0648–XD599) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 19, 2014; to the Committee on Com-
merce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–188. A communication from the Acting 
Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone off Alaska; Inseason Adjustment to the 2014 Gulf of Alaska Pollock Seasonal Apportion-ments’’ (RIN0648–XD627) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 19, 2014; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–189. A communication from the Deputy 
Director, Office of National Marine Sanc-tuaries, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Boundary Expansion of Thunder Bay National Marine Sanctuary’’ (RIN0648–BC94) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 24, 2014; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–190. A communication from the Direc-
tor, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Depart-ment of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fish-eries of the Caribbean, Gulf of Mexico, and South Atlantic; 2014 Commercial Account-ability Measure and Closure for Atlantic Mi-gratory Group Cobia’’ (RIN0648–XD601) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 19, 2014; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–191. A communication from the Direc-
tor, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Depart-ment of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fish-
eries of the Northeastern United States; Bluefish Fishery; Quota Transfer’’ (RIN0648– XD638) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 19, 2014; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
EC–192. A communication from the Direc-
tor, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Depart-ment of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fish-eries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Pacific Ocean Perch in the Western Regulatory Area of the Gulf of Alaska’’ (RIN0648–XD631) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on December 19, 2014; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–193. A communication from the Direc-
tor, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Depart-ment of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fish-eries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Northern Rockfish in the Western Regulatory Area of the Gulf of Alaska’’ (RIN0648–XD632) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on December 19, 2014; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–194. A communication from the Deputy 
Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Pro-grams, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Gulf of Alaska Trawl Economic Data Report’’ (RIN0648–BE09) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 19, 2014; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:00 Jan 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09JA6.002 S09JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S130 January 9, 2015 
EC–195. A communication from the Deputy 
Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Pro-grams, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘At-lantic Highly Migratory Species; 2006 Con-solidated Atlantic Highly Migratory Species (HMS) Fishery Management Plan; Amend-ment 7’’ (RIN0648–BC09) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 19, 2014; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–196. A communication from the Deputy 
Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Pro-grams, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries Off West Coast States; Pacific Coast Groundfish Fishery Management Plan; Trawl Rationalization Program; Chafing Gear Modifications’’ (RIN0648–BC84) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Decem-ber 19, 2014; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–197. A communication from the Deputy 
Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Pro-grams, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘International Fisheries; Pacific Tuna Fish-eries; 2014 Commercial Fishing for Pacific Bluefin Tuna in the Eastern Pacific Ocean; Commercial Retention Limit’’ (RIN0648– BE58) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 19, 2014; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
EC–198. A communication from the Deputy 
Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Pro-grams, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘International Fisheries; Western and Cen-tral Pacific Fisheries for Highly Migratory Species; Restrictions on the Use of Fish Ag-gregating Devices in Purse Seine Fisheries for 2015’’ (RIN0648–BE36) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 19, 2014; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–199. A communication from the Deputy 
Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Pro-grams, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Taking of Marine Mammals Incidental to Commercial Fishing Operations and Atlantic Coastal Fisheries Cooperative Management Act Provisions; American Lobster Fishery’’ (RIN0648–BE57) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 30, 2014; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–200. A communication from the Deputy 
Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Pro-grams, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Re-visions to Framework Adjustment 51 to the Northeast Multispecies Fishery Management Plan and Sector Annual Catch Entitlements; Updated Annual Catch Limits for Sectors and the Common Pool for Fishing Year 2014’’ (RIN0648–XD354) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on October 22, 2014; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–201. A communication from the Deputy 
Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Pro-grams, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Northeastern United 
States; Atlantic Herring Fishery; Frame-work Adjustment 3’’ (RIN0648–BE01) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Decem-
ber 29, 2014; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–202. A communication from the Deputy 
Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Pro-grams, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘At-lantic Highly Migratory Species; 2015 Atlan-tic Shark Commercial Fishing Seasons’’ (RIN0648–XD276) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on December 29, 2014; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–203. A communication from the Deputy 
Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Pro-grams, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Chinook Salmon Bycatch Man-agement in the Gulf of Alaska Non-Pollock Trawl Fisheries; Amendment 97’’ (RIN0648– BD48) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 29, 2014; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
EC–204. A communication from the Deputy 
Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Pro-grams, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Pacific Cod Pot Gear Fishing Closure in the Pribilof Islands Habitat Con-servation Zone in the Bering Sea; Amend-ment 103’’ (RIN0648–BC34) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 29, 2014; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–205. A communication from the Attor-
ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone: Carquinez Strait Cable Repair Operation, Martinez, CA’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2014–0950)) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 30, 2014; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–206. A communication from the Attor-
ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Regulated Navigation Area; Arthur Kill, NY and NJ’’ ((RIN1625–AA11) (Docket No. USCG–2013–1063)) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on December 30, 2014; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–207. A communication from the Attor-
ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone: Christina River; Wilmington, DE’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG– 2014–1033)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 30, 2014; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
EC–208. A communication from the Attor-
ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zones Within the Captain of the Port New Orleans Zone, Louisiana’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2014– 0993)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the 
Senate on December 30, 2014; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
EC–209. A communication from the Attor-
ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘An-chorage Regulations: Anchorage Grounds, Los Angeles and Long Beach Harbors, Cali-fornia’’ ((RIN1625–AA01) (Docket No. USCG– 2013–0841)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 30, 2014; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
EC–210. A communication from the Attor-
ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Regulated Navigation Area; Herbert C. Bon-ner Bridge, Oregon Inlet, NC’’ ((RIN1625– AA11) (Docket No. USCG–2014–0987)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Decem-ber 30, 2014; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–211. A communication from the Attor-
ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone: Reduced Visibility, Sector St. Petersburg Captain of the Port Zone, FL’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2014– 1013)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 30, 2014; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
EC–212. A communication from the Attor-
ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone: Kent Narrows Draw Bridge Repairs, Kent Island Narrows; Queen Anne’s County, MD’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2014–0898)) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on December 30, 2014; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–213. A communication from the Attor-
ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Re-vision of Safety/Security Zone Regulations; 2014 Tampa Bay; Captain of the Port St. Pe-tersburg Zone, FL’’ ((RIN1625–AA87) (Docket No. USCG–2013–0040)) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 30, 2014; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–214. A communication from the Acting 
Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Summer Flounder Fishery; Commer-cial Quota Harvested for the State of New Jersey’’ (RIN0648–XD571) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 19, 2014; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–215. A communication from the Direc-
tor, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Depart-ment of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Magnu-son-Stevens Act Provisions; Fisheries Off West Coast States; Biennial Specifications and Management Measures; Inseason Adjust-ments’’ (RIN0648–BE64) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 19, 2014; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:00 Jan 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09JA6.004 S09JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S131 January 9, 2015 
EC–216. A communication from the Acting 
Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Snapper-Grouper Fishery of the South At-lantic; 2014 Commercial Accountability Measure and Closure for the South Atlantic Porgy Complex’’ (RIN0648–XD388) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Decem-ber 29, 2014; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND 
JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
The following bills and joint resolu-
tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. WICKER: 
S. 143. A bill to allow for improvements to 
the United States Merchant Marine Acad-emy and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
By Mr. CRAPO (for himself, Mr. C
RUZ, 
Mr. L ANKFORD , Mr. L EE, Mr. P AUL, 
Mr. R ISCH, and Mr. S HELBY ): 
S. 144. A bill to prohibit the Federal Gov-
ernment from mandating, incentivizing, or making financial support conditioned upon a State, local educational agency, or school’s adoption of specific instructional content, academic standards, or curriculum, or on the administration of assessments or tests, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 23 
At the request of Mr. L EAHY , the 
name of the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 23, a bill to amend title 17, United States Code, with respect to the definition of ‘‘widow’’ and ‘‘widower’’, and for other purposes. 
S. 30 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the 
names of the Senator from South Caro-lina (Mr. G
RAHAM ), the Senator from 
North Carolina (Mr. T ILLIS ) and the 
Senator from Georgia (Mr. P ERDUE ) 
were added as cosponsors of S. 30, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to modify the definition of full- time employee for purposes of the em-
ployer mandate in the Patient Protec-tion and Affordable Care Act. 
S. 117 
At the request of Mr. H ELLER , the 
names of the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. I
NHOFE ) and the Senator from Illi-
nois (Mr. K IRK) were added as cospon-
sors of S. 117, a bill to recognize Jeru-salem as the capital of Israel, to relo-cate to Jerusalem the United States Embassy in Israel, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 119 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the 
names of the Senator from Washington (Ms. C
ANTWELL ), the Senator from Cali-
fornia (Mrs. F EINSTEIN ), the Senator 
from Hawaii (Ms. H IRONO ), the Senator 
from Maryland (Ms. M IKULSKI ) and the 
Senator from Maine (Mr. K ING) were 
added as cosponsors of S. 119, a bill to amend the Federal Lands Recreation Enhancement Act to provide for a life-time National Recreational Pass for any veteran with a service-connected disability. 
S. 123 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, the 
name of the Senator from Nebraska (Mrs. F
ISCHER ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 123, a bill to prevent a tax-payer bailout of health insurance issuers. 
S. 126 
At the request of Mr. H ELLER , the 
name of the Senator from Nevada (Mr. R
EID) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
126, a bill to provide a permanent de-duction for State and local general sales taxes. 
S. 129 
At the request of Mr. J OHNSON , the 
name of the Senator from Missouri (Mr. B
LUNT ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 129, a bill to repeal executive im-migration overreach, to clarify that the proper constitutional authority for immigration policy belongs to the leg-islative branch, and for other purposes. 
S. RES. 25 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the 
name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
ARPER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 25, a resolution commemo-
rating 50 years since the creation of the Medicare and Medicaid Programs. 
f 
PRIVILEGES OF THE FLOOR 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that privileges of the floor be granted to Cathy Cahill for the 114th Congress. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ORDERS FOR MONDAY, JANUARY 
12, 2015 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 2 p.m., Monday, January 12; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day; that following any leader remarks, the Senate resume consideration of the motion to proceed to S. 1, the Keystone bill, with the time until 5:30 p.m. equally divided and controlled in the usual form. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
PROGRAM 
Mr. M CCONNELL. The first vote of 
the week will occur at 5:30 p.m. on Monday, on cloture on the motion to proceed to the Keystone bill. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL MONDAY, 
JANUARY 12, 2015, AT 2 P.M. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. If there is no fur-
ther business to come before the Sen-ate, I ask unanimous consent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. 
There being no objection, the Senate, 
at 12:08 p.m., adjourned until Monday, January 12, 2015, at 2 p.m. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:00 Jan 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09JA6.004 S09JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E39 January 9, 2015 
TRIBUTE IN HONOR OF THE LIFE 
OF GERALD ‘‘JERRY’’ LEE 
HON. ANNA G. ESHOO 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, January 9, 2015 
Ms. ESHOO. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor 
the life of Gerald ‘‘Jerry’’ Lee, who was born in San Francisco on August 15, 1952, and died on December 24, 2014, at the age of 62 in his home city. Jerry, the son of Fon Yook Lee and Sai Soo Lee, was raised in San Fran-cisco and attended Washington Irving Elemen-tary, Francisco Junior High, and Galileo High School, City College of San Francisco and San Francisco State University. 
Jerry and his wife Beverly Chin were mar-
ried in San Francisco in 1975, and gave so generously of their time and considerable tal-ents to their community. They devoted count-less hours to causes including: the San Fran-cisco Chinese New Year Parade; Self-Help for the Elderly; Chinatown Community Develop-ment Center; Community Youth Center of San Francisco; Cameron House; Wu Yee Chil-dren’s Services; United Way of the Bay Area; Have a Ball Foundation; Salvation Army; APA Family Services; Glide Memorial Church; the San Francisco Junior Giants; Big Brothers and Big Sisters; On Lok; Boys & Girls Club; Angel Island Immigration Station Foundation, and the Asian Police Officers Association. Jerry’s com-mitment to his community included being an ardent supporter of the San Francisco Giants and the 49ers. 
Jerry worked at United Parcel Services for 
more than four decades, beginning as a load-er and climbing the corporate ladder to the po-sition of Community Affairs Manager. At UPS, he took on special assignments at the regional and corporate levels and was recognized for his work as the United Way Coordinator and Congressional Awareness Coordinator. As UPS’s representative he formed close relation-ships with California’s non-profit organizations, providing them with grants and sponsorships and coordinated teams of volunteers to sup-port the needs of the community. 
Jerry was appointed by Mayor Art Agnos to 
form San Francisco’s Department of Parking and Traffic. Jerry also served as Chair of the City’s Taxi Committee and was an important part of the development of the industry’s man-ual. Mayor Gavin Newsom appointed Jerry to the San Francisco Municipal Transportation Agency Board of Directors and he was re-ap-pointed to this position by Mayor Ed Lee. 
Jerry is survived by his beloved spouse 
Beverly; his children Kimberly, Corbett and Bennett, and his mother Sai Soo Lee. He was preceded in death by his father and he also leaves his sisters Aimee, Vickie, Marie and Patricia, and many aunts, uncles, cousins, nieces and nephews. 
I had the privilege of working with Jerry Lee 
on many efforts. I saw first-hand his great en-thusiasm for collaboration, a deep sense of pride in all the employees at UPS and an un-swerving commitment to his community rooted 
in patriotism, decency and integrity. He was a trusted friend and an extraordinary partner, and I join the many in our region in grieving his loss. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
in honoring the extraordinary life and great ac-complishments of a proud American, Jerry Lee. We are a better community and a strong-er country because of him. 
f 
IN HONOR OF ROCK SCULLY 
HON. SAM FARR 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, January 9, 2015 
Mr. FARR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-
ognize the life and accomplishments of a truly remarkable man and to mourn the passing of a dear friend, Rock Scully. Rock passed away just before Christmas following a long battle with cancer. The world knew Rock as the man who managed the Grateful Dead from their in-ception in San Francisco through their rise to prominence to become music legends. I knew Rock as the new kid in the 6th grade who be-came my lifelong friend. Rock taught the Dead about business. He taught me how to ski. We grew up together, spent time together explor-ing the wonders of Carmel-by-the-Sea, and later traveling together to serve in interfaith peace camps in Germany and Austria in 1958. Some of my fondest memories were created with Rock. As a Member of this House, I rise to honor Rock’s contribution to American cul-ture. But as S
AMFARR, I rise today to shed 
tears for the loss of a friend who I had known for 61 years. 
Rock was born in Seattle in 1941. I first met 
him when he moved to Carmel in 1952. We became friends in grammar school and went to Carmel High School together before he moved to Switzerland to finish his senior year. Rock attended Earlham College in Indiana be-fore moving back to California for graduate school in San Francisco. 
Rock began his public career in the early 
1960s, while studying at San Francisco State College. He helped organize civil rights dem-onstrations to fight discrimination in San Fran-cisco including the now famous sit-ins at the Sheraton Palace Hotel and at automobile dealerships on Van Ness Avenue in 1964. The sit-ins were successful in improving hiring practices and creating agreements of non-dis-crimination. They also caused Rock and oth-ers to spend 30 days in the San Bruno county jail for disturbing the peace. 
At the same time, Rock found his calling in 
San Francisco’s fledgling rock music scene. He became the manager of The Charlatans, one of the originators of what became known as the San Francisco Sound in the 1960s. He also helped support the fledgling rock scene as part of a collective known as the Family Dog. 
Just before I left to join the Peace Corps, 
Rock called to tell me he was going to quit graduate school to manage a new band full 
time. ‘‘You’re crazy!’’ I said. Rock told me they were amazing and definitely going places. ‘‘Besides,’’ he said, ‘‘they have the coolest name: the Grateful Dead.’’ Rock may have been crazy but he was right. The Dead was a local Bay Area act when he started managing them in 1965. The band became an American icon in the two decades he was with them. Bob Weir of the Grateful Dead put it beau-tifully in a message he posted upon learning of Rock’s death, ‘‘Rock helped explain the Dead to the world.’’ 
Rock chronicled his twenty years with the 
band in his book ‘‘Living with the Dead.’’ He became a voice for the narrative history of musicians and artists that changed the cultural landscape of California. In many ways he was part of the broad and varied movement that helped shape California’s openness to innova-tion, creativity, and diversity. That movement can be traced at the University of California, Santa Cruz, whose library houses the com-plete archives of the Grateful Dead. 
Rock played such a huge part in so many 
lives, but especially to his family and friends. I want to extend my condolences to his daughter, Sage Scully and stepdaughter, Aca-cia Scully; half sisters, Norah Scully and Kate Scully; step sisters, Julie Mayer Vognar and Amanda Mayer Stinchecum; and his brother, Dicken Scully, who travelled with us in Europe in 1958. 
Mr. Speaker, I know I speak for the whole 
House in celebrating Rock Scully’s amazing spirit and in offering our best wishes to his family and friends. To quote the band that Rock managed for two decades, ‘‘A box of rain will ease the pain and love will you see you through.’’ 
f 
CELEBRATING THE LIFE OF 
GERALD LEE 
HON. MICHAEL M. HONDA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, January 9, 2015 
Mr. HONDA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor Gerald ‘‘Jerry’’ Lee. Jerry was born on August 15, 1952, in San Francisco, California, where he attended Washington Irving Elemen-tary School, Francisco Junior High School, and Galileo High School. He went on to attend City College of San Francisco and San Fran-cisco State University. 
Jerry’s firsthand knowledge of San Fran-
cisco and dedication to improving public transit and the MUNI system provided him the experi-ence necessary to excel as the United Parcel Service’s (UPS) Community Affairs Manager. Jerry began working for UPS 43 years ago as a loader. Jerry was recognized for his work as the United Way Coordinator and Congres-sional Awareness Coordinator. As the Com-munity Awareness Coordinator, Jerry worked one-on-one with California’s non-profit organi-zations, he extended grants and sponsorship 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:14 Jan 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K09JA8.001 E09JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E40 January 9, 2015 
opportunities, and coordinated volunteers to 
support the work of the community. 
Jerry dedicated his life to serving the resi-
dents of his hometown. While working for UPS, Jerry also served as a special assistant to San Francisco Mayor Art Agnos in 1988. In this position, Jerry established the Department of Parking and Traffic. He also served as Chairman of Mayor Agnos’ Taxi Committee where he wrote the taxi industry’s manual and created a management structure for over three hundred parking control officers. In 2008 Jerry was appointed by Mayor Gavin Newsom to join San Francisco Municipal Transportation Agency’s (SFMTA) Board of Directors, and was later re-appointed by Mayor Ed Lee. Jerry served as SFMTA Vice Chairman until 2010 before becoming Chair of the Board’s Policy and Governance Committee. 
Jerry also served as a member of the city’s 
Citizen’s Advisory Committee as well as Self- Help for the Elderly’s Board of Directors. He and his wife, Beverly, were actively involved in their community, working with the San Fran-cisco Chinese New Year Parade, Chinatown Community Development Center, Community Youth Center of San Francisco, Cameron House, Wu Yee Children’s Services, United Way of the Bay Area, Have a Ball Foundation, Salvation Army, APA Family Services, Glide Memorial Church, the San Francisco Junior Giants, Big Brothers and Big Sisters, On Lok, Boys & Girls Club, Angel Island Immigration Station Foundation, and the Asian Police Offi-cers Association. 
Jerry is survived by his wife Beverly; his 
children Kimberly, Corbett, and Bennett; his mother Sai Soo Lee; and his sisters Aimee, Vickie, Marie and Patricia; and his aunts, un-cles, cousins, nieces, and nephews. Jerry was preceded in death by his father, Fon Yook Lee. To his fellow committee members and fellow organization members, Jerry will be missed and never forgotten. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE SERVICE OF 
LAW ENFORCEMENT OFFICERS AND FAMILIES 
HON. RYAN A. COSTELLO 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, January 9, 2015 
Mr. COSTELLO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in 
recognition of the dedicated men and women who serve and protect our communities every day as members of police departments large and small. 
In recent months, we have seen chilling ex-
amples of how a lack of appreciation and re-spect for these men and women can rip apart communities and result in senseless and lethal violence. 
All of us would be well-served to remember 
that the men and women who pin on a badge every day are not just police officers. They are also husbands and wives; mothers and fa-thers; brothers and sisters; aunts and uncles. 
We should all recognize that police officers 
do more than just patrol our streets. They are part of our community. 
In light of recent events, it is important to 
express our gratitude and offer a simple ‘‘thank you’’ to the countless law enforcement officers who serve with valor and distinction. 
I had the honor of doing just this last week-
end in West Chester, and again will have the honor of doing so this weekend in Berks 
County. Let us all be solemnly reminded that the Thin Blue Line is willing to risk their own safety so that our loved ones, our homes and our businesses are protected. 
So ahead of this upcoming weekend, I want 
to personally thank the efforts of retired Read-ing Police Lieutenant Michael Kurtz, Tricia Wertz—a widow of fallen Reading Police Offi-cer Scott Wertz—and many, many others as the Berks County community will unite to show respect and in the spirit of building stronger, safer communities where all lives matter. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. NITA M. LOWEY 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, January 9, 2015 
Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, on January 6, 
2015 I missed recorded votes #1–7 as I was attending the funeral of Governor Mario Cuomo in New York. 
I would like to reflect how I would have 
voted if I were here and sworn into office: 
On Roll Call #1 I would have voted present 
(Quorum Call). 
On Roll Call #2 I would have voted for 
N
ANCY PELOSI for Speaker. 
On Roll Call #3 I would have voted ‘‘no’’ 
(Motion to Table). 
On Roll Call #4 I would have voted ‘‘no’’ 
(Previous Question). 
On Roll Call #5 I would have voted ‘‘yes’’ 
(Motion to Commit). 
On Roll Call #6 I would have voted ‘‘no’’ 
(Passage of House Rules Package). 
On Roll Call #7 I would have voted ‘‘yes’’ 
(Passage ‘‘Hire More Heroes Act’’ H.R. 22). 
f 
HONORING AMERICA’S PEACE 
OFFICERS 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, January 9, 2015 
Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, everyday 
men and women of the police force put on their uniform and head out into the unknown. They encounter callous criminals and outlaws who have no regard for the law or their fellow man. 
But yet every day, these police officers still 
get up and put on the uniform. They bravely face what could very well be some of the most dangerous situations and potentially their last moments on this Earth as they work to protect us: our families, our friends, our children. Be-cause that’s what they do, they work to re-store and maintain peace in our communities and neighborhoods. 
When New York Police Officers Rafael 
Ramos and Wenjian Liu woke up on the morn-ing of December 20th to put on their uniform, they had no idea it would be their last day. The two patrol officers were sitting in their squad car, working overtime, when a hateful and spiteful criminal struck. The ruthless mur-derer shot and killed the two officers in cold blood. 
Officer Ramos and Officer Liu’s lives were 
robbed from them. Officer Liu was married only two months be-
fore, and now his wife is left as a widow. Offi-cer Ramos was a devoted husband and fa-ther, active in his church with plans to join the ministry. These two men of solid character, were targeted and attacked. So much hate has been hurled at police officers. 
Recently, two more New York Police Offi-
cers were shot while investigating a robbery call in the Bronx when they were shot and wounded by criminals. The disrespect of our law enforcement must stop. The soulless thugs who hunt down police officers and kill them have to be punished to the highest de-gree. 
Underneath these uniforms are moms, 
dads, sisters, brothers, cousins and friends. Protecting us is their job. It is their duty to bring safety to our communities, to separate anarchy from order, and to bring justice to crime victims. No police officer should have to be any more fearful than they already are for their life while on patrol. 
As Americans, we must let them know that 
we support them and are grateful for all they do for our communities. A nationwide cam-paign called Project Blue Light was launched to show support for the special men and women in our police force. 
A single blue light in a window or front 
porch shows support for our peace officers. Neighborhoods, communities and towns should beam the glow of blue in support of these community warriors. Take the time to thank a police officer. 
To many, the unknown is terrifying, but to 
police officers, it’s just another day. Today, on National Law Enforcement Appreciation Day, we lift up all those who put their lives on the line every single day for us. They deserve the utmost respect and support not just today but every day of the year. 
During my other life, I was a prosecutor and 
criminal court judge in Houston, Texas. I have known and still know individuals who wear the badge or the star over their heart. Some of those peace officers I knew gave their lives for the safety of others. 
Peace officers put their lives between us 
and criminals. They stand between the law and the lawless. I have had the opportunity to know peace officers from all over the U.S.— including New York and especially New York City. 
Years ago, I taught at the New York State 
Police Academy. After those folks from New York and I got through the language barrier, I found them to be some of New York’s finest of people—some of the best peace officers in the country. 
Peace officers are necessary in our society 
because some in our country refuse to follow the law. Ironically, we hire these men and women to do society’s dirty work then society criticizes them for their actions. 
Peace officers are the last strand of wire in 
the fence between the fox and the chickens. They have earned and deserve our respect. America should mourn the ambush and assas-
sination of all those in law enforcement who have given their lives for order in America— especially the men in blue of New York. 
And that’s just the way it is. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:14 Jan 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09JA8.003 E09JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E41 January 9, 2015 
SAVE AMERICAN WORKERS ACT 
OF 2015 
SPEECH OF  
HON. CHRIS VAN HOLLEN 
OF MARYLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, January 8, 2015 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
in opposition to H.R. 30, the so-called ‘‘Save American Workers Act of 2015.’’ Republicans claim this bill is a fix to the Affordable Care Act and vital to protecting American jobs. But that’s simply not true. According the non-par-tisan CBO, raising the threshold for employers to provide coverage from 30 hours per week to 40 could lead them to shift more employees to part-time work, end employer-sponsored coverage for one million people, and leave up to half a million completely uninsured. Even conservative analyst Tuval Levin agreed, writ-ing recently in the National Review, ‘‘Putting the cutoff for the employer mandate at 40 hours would put far, far more people at risk of having their hours cut than leaving it at 30 hours.’’ On top of the assaults on workers’ hours and benefits, CBO estimates the bill would increase the federal deficit by $53 bil-lion over the next decade.’’ 
Republicans have brought this irresponsible 
bill to the floor on the heels of more news that the Affordable Care is working. Yesterday, Gallup released data showing the percentage of uninsured Americans is declining steeply and HHS announced that nearly 6.6 million Americans selected plans or were re-enrolled in the federal exchange since open enrollment began. 
As I have said before, I am more than will-
ing to work with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to make genuine, reasonable im-provements to the Affordable Care Act. Along these lines, I want to commend Congressman J
OECOURTNEY for bringing an altemative pro-
posal to the Rules Committee yesterday. Un-fortunately, today’s bill does not meet the defi-nition of a genuine, reasonable improvement. 
Finally Mr. Speaker, if Republicans were 
really serious about helping employees they would support the CEO/Employee Paycheck Fairness Act. The bill is simple. It says if cor-porations want to be able to deduct the bo-nuses and compensation for their CEOs and other executives over $1 million, they better be giving their employees a fair shake. I urge my colleagues to reject the 40-hour bill and join me in a real effort to support American workers. 
f 
H.R. 37—PROMOTING JOB CRE-
ATION AND REDUCING SMALL BUSINESS BURDENS ACT 
HON. HENRY C. ‘‘HANK’’ JOHNSON, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, January 9, 2015 
Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, on 
January 7, 2015 I inadvertently voted yes on Roll Call number 9, on H.R. 37—the so-called ‘‘Promoting Job Creation and Reducing Small Business Burdens Act’’. I intended to vote no on this bill and I wish to make my position clear for the record. 
I oppose this bill because it undermines the 
Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform Act. This im-portant law was passed in response to the 
worst financial crisis since the Great Depres-sion and it was designed to ensure that Wall Street will never again be able to destroy our economy. The crisis was made worse by the widespread trading of complex financial de-rivatives, many of which were not understood by those engaged in their trade, and many of which were not used by ‘‘end users’’ engaged in traditional hedging of risk. Dodd-Frank pro-tects our economic security by requiring over- the-counter derivatives to be regulated by both the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) and the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). This bill would undermine those protections by forbidding regulators from imposing requirements that margin or collat-eral be provided for derivatives transactions involving commercial companies. The legisla-tion is also harmful in that it entirely eliminates statutory authority for the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) and the Securi-ties and Exchange Commission (SEC) to reg-
ulate margin and collateral at non-bank deriva-tives dealers serving commercial end users. 
Even though regulators have not proposed 
to require any margin of commercial end users at this time, it is inappropriate to completely eliminate the ability of central derivatives mar-ket regulators to take action in this important area. This is a clear attempt by Republicans to delay and weaken implementation of core parts of the Dodd-Frank Act at the expense of main street, and our future economic security. 
Unfortunately, this misguided bill was 
brought to the floor with complete disregard for proper legislative process. Legislation such as this should be considered by committees and members should have the opportunity to offer amendments. This did not occur in this instance and instead was brought directly to the floor on a suspension of the normal House rules that apply. 
Although I inadvertently voted ‘‘yes’’ on this 
bill, I am encouraged that H.R. 37 did not pass the house and I stand in solidarity with my colleagues who voted no. 
f 
RECOGNIZING PAULA SAMPSON ON 
THE OCCASION OF HER RETIRE-MENT FROM FAIRFAX COUNTY 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, January 9, 2015 
Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to rec-
ognize and commend Paula C. Sampson on the occasion of her retirement after a long and distinguished career in public service to the residents of Fairfax County, Virginia. For the past 15 years, Paula has been the director of the Department of Housing and Community Development. She has spent her career fo-cused on putting home ownership within reach of more people and finding more affordable options for those not yet able to purchase their own home. 
After graduating from the University of 
Michigan with degrees in political science and history, Paula landed a job as a local urban planner. She then relocated to the National Capital Region and accepted a position with the National Association of Counties in its Legislative Affairs Office. 
Fairfax County recruited her to become the 
Housing Department’s Director of Real Estate Finance in 1986. In 1994, Paula left Fairfax to 
become CEO of the Connecticut Housing In-vestment Fund, a state-wide, nonprofit organi-zation focused on affordable housing. Thank-fully Paula realized her true home was here in Fairfax, returning in 1999. 
I served on the Board of Supervisors at the 
time and knew she would be a real champion for housing, which is no small feat. On the ad-ministrative side, you’re managing public dol-lars, gauging the local housing market, and building community partnerships with banks and nonprofits. But there is also a human side, in which you’re working to assist resi-dents across the spectrum, from those seek-ing help buying a first home to those wanting assistance managing their money so they can one day afford a home to those who are homeless and simply need a warm place to rest their heads. 
Paula truly gets it and proved adept and 
skillful in juggling those different aspects of her duties. In describing herself, she says, ‘‘While the complexities of real estate finance, the challenges of deal-making and the excite-ment of the ribbon-cutting are all fun, the real motivator for me is helping an individual have a place to call home. My own modest begin-ning showed me that growing up in a stable home is the stepping stone to future success.’’ 
I had the pleasure of working closely with 
Paula during my tenure as Chairman of the Board of Supervisors on a successful afford-able housing preservation initiative. We had identified the growing shortage of affordable housing as a primary challenge for the Coun-ty. Job growth was significantly outpacing con-struction of new housing units, and those that had once been affordable were quickly being converted or redeveloped into condominium units to capitalize on the hot real estate mar-ket at the time. 
We convened a summit of business, faith, 
nonprofit, and community leaders, and from that exercise we appointed a task force, which recommended the Board of Supervisors estab-lish a goal of preserving 1,000 affordable housing units over a four year period, which at the time we viewed as a stretch goal. As Chairman, I was pleased to champion that goal and set that course for our community, but it was Paula who seized the mission and kept the Department’s staff focused on ad-vancing this cause at every turn and through every hurdle. Thanks to her efforts, and those of our many partners, we not only surpassed our goal, we nearly tripled it with 2,700 homes preserved. We were so successful that at one point, the Board dedicated the value of one penny on the local real estate tax to the pres-ervation effort. 
Based on the success of that initiative, we 
launched a campaign to prevent and end homelessness in 10 years, again hosting a summit and appointing a task force to build community support. It is because of that effort that Fairfax was able to break the mold and actually reduce its homeless population during the Great Recession while other communities struggled. Through it all, Fairfax has been blessed to have the strong support of the faith, nonprofit, and business communities, including Catholics for Housing, Homestretch, Corner-stones, Pathway Homes, United Community Ministries, Sekas Homes, Deloitte, the Fairfax County Chamber, and so many other commu-nity partners. We also worked together in ad-vancing the concept of Magnet Housing in the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:14 Jan 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A09JA8.004 E09JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E42 January 9, 2015 
County to provide workforce housing for 
nurses, police officers, firefighters and other young professionals serving the community. 
More recently, I was pleased to collaborate 
with Paula in support of the County’s applica-tion to the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development for acceptance as a Move to Work agency. That designation provides in-valuable flexibility with federal dollars to allow Fairfax to better leverage its housing and human service funds with assistance from community partners to provide homeless resi-dents with housing and job training so they can ‘‘move to work’’ and self-sufficiency. 
In addition to her regular duties, Paula also 
has served on multiple regional, state, and na-tional boards, including the National Associa-tion of Local Housing Finance Agencies, the National Community Development Association, and the Freddie Mac Affordable Housing Advi-sory Committee. 
Without question, she has helped make our 
community stronger, and helped provide other communities with the tools to model our suc-cess in Fairfax. Thanks to Paula’s leadership Fairfax is moving ever close to goal of pro-viding safe, affordable housing for all those who wish to call our community home. 
Mr. Speaker, Paula Sampson’s commitment 
to public service has set an example that will benefit our community for generations to come. Her accomplishments are truly out-standing and deserving of our sincere appre-ciation. When I was Chairman of the County Board, we often joked when retirement an-nouncements like this came before the Board that we should pass a resolution to not allow such talented and dedicated staff to leave public service, and I certainly wish that was the case here. 
I wish Paula the best of luck in her retire-
ment, and I ask my colleagues in the House to join me in expressing our appreciation for her long and fruitful service to the residents of Fairfax County. 
f 
FRACKING IS JEOPARDIZING THE 
ENVIRONMENT AND THE U.S. ECONOMY 
HON. JIM McDERMOTT 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, January 9, 2015 
Mr. M CDERMOTT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to express my growing concern about the eco-nomic issues of fracking. The once booming oil fracking market could be headed for a bust. 
If a bust in the oil fracking sector does hap-
pen, it could create massive losses on Wall Street and for investors on Main Street in two ways. First, fracking oil drillers issued massive amounts of debt to construct the necessary wells. With the price of gas falling, many oil fracking drillers now face cash shortfalls. As a result, it is becoming more and more difficult for frackers to meet their debt servicing obliga-tions. If the debt servicing obligations are not met, investors on Main Street and Wall Street could be left holding billions of dollars of worthless bonds. 
Second, many companies took out deriva-
tives contracts against market fluctuation, in-suring stable cash flow. Losses are mounting on these contracts as oil prices fall. Wall Street banks that own many of these contracts will have to absorb massive losses. The unex-
pected shock of falling oil prices may desta-bilize the balance sheet of these big banks, creating the conditions for another financial crisis. 
Below is an article from Truthout.org that 
further explains this issue. 
[Truthout.org] 
RUSSIA BLAMED , U.S. T AXPAYERS ON THE  
HOOK, ASFRACKING BOOMCOLLAPSES  
(By Ben Ptashnik) 
As Congress removes restrictions on tax-
payers bailing out the too-big-to-fail banks, the right is blaming environmentalists and Russia for the demise of the fracking boom. In reality, the banks’ junk bonds and deriva-tives have flooded Wall Street, and now the fracking bubble threatens another financial crisis. 
Collapsing crude oil prices due to over-
supply are reaching tsunami proportions, threatening Wall Street banks, investors and a dozen countries, foremost Russia, Iran and Venezuela, where revenue losses have caused severe financial degradation, and economies are about to implode. While Americans are today enjoying $2 per gallon gasoline, Wall Street’s analysts predict that an imminent energy market collapse will bring financial institutions to their knees once again, and taxpayers are being set up for another man-datory bailout. 
At the heart of these tectonic shifts in the 
entire energy sector is the recent expansion of the hydraulic fracturing (fracking) indus-try, a boom cycle that began in earnest when Congress and the Bush administration passed the Energy Policy Act of 2005, which exempt-ed the new horizontal drilling technology from the Clean Water Act, the Safe Drinking Water Act and the National Environmental Policy Act. By tapping considerable quan-tities of new oil and gas resources from shale deposits, the fracking boom promised U.S. energy independence, upending the world’s prevailing paradigms around renewable en-ergy and peak oil expectations. Environ-mentalists fought against the huge Keystone pipeline infrastructure that would deliver the fossil fuels to foreign markets, fearing that exploiting these resources would under-mine the struggle for the curbing of carbon emissions. 
Fracking also threatened the dominance of 
Russia and Saudi Arabia as the fossil fuel suppliers of Europe when it became evident that the United States would soon become a net exporter. In the United States, fracking was hyped on Wall Street as a get-rich-quick opportunity, attracting massive capital input, and creating an investment bubble. Bloomberg reported this year that the num-ber of bonds issued by oil and gas companies has grown by a factor of nine since 2004. 
‘‘There’s a lot of Kool-Aid that’s being 
drunk now by investors,’’, Tim Gramatovich, chief investment officer and founder of Peritus Asset Management LLC, told Bloomberg in an April 2014 article. ‘‘People lose their discipline. They stop doing the math. They stop doing the accounting,’’ he continued. ‘‘They’re just dreaming the dream, and that’s what’s happening with the shale boom.’’ 
When gas fracking first popped onto the 
scene, grandiose claims were made that the United States had 100 years of gas supply in shale, or 2,560 trillion cubic feet. And Wall Street rode that initial estimate. The only downside (beside the environmental disaster left by this toxic industry) was that, like the housing bubble which depended on ever- growing home values to maintain profit-ability, shale gas wells had to deliver con-sistent or growing production and profit-ability to pay back heavy debt interest loans on well driller companies: $3 to $9 million per 
well. Fracking wells require not just drilling, but also huge injections of energy, water, sand and chemicals to fracture the rocks that hold the oil and gas deposits. 
But in fact, no statistical evidence con-
firmed the hyped claims of a l00-year shale gas supply. In 2011, a study downsized this es-timate from 2,560 trillion cubic feet to 750 trillion cubic feet, and by 2013, the U.S. Geo-logical Survey refined that down to 481 tril-lion cubic feet—less than a 19-year supply based on 2013 rates of production. Neverthe-less, huge amounts of capital poured into in-creasingly marginal operations, and the fracking market was flooded with junk bonds and derivatives as investors piled in. 
Meanwhile oil fracking, which is separate 
from gas fracking, also needed huge injec-tions of capital, but more importantly, oil frackers needed oil prices to stay at $85 a barrel or higher on average to break even. Many of the shale oil wells that have sucked up a huge amount of investment have also turned out to have short lives and their oper-ators required continued infusions of capital to drill new wells to keep afloat, even as prices tumbled due to the glut they them-selves created. The Bakken, one of the larg-est oil fracking plays, is a typical example. It grew exponentially after environmental protections were removed. But since 2008, Bakken has required increasingly larger numbers of wells just to maintain level pro-duction and service debt. The industry, al-ready in trouble in 2013, has now endured plunging revenues through a year of oil sell-ing at $60 to $70 per barrel, on average, in-stead of $90 to $100. 
Everyone had expected that in 2014 the 
Saudis would move to limit supply and main-tain stable oil prices by cutting back produc-tion, as OPEC has done for decades. But an unexpected shockwave hit the industry in November 2014: The Saudis laid down the gauntlet and announced their intention to continue full production and let oil prices drop. 
For the Saudis, this serves two purposes: 
First, it undermines the expansion of U.S. shale oil by forcing prices down so low that many of the wells have to be shut down or lose money. Second, it punishes their enemy, Iran, whose oil export-based economy has been savaged by the lower prices. The Saudis are sitting pat, with a trillion-dollar war chest savings account accumulated over a decade of $100 per barrel oil. Oil Minister Ali al-Naimi has publicly admitted that the Saudis will wait as long as needed to retain market share, even if prices plunge further. 
Falling oil prices will place a huge stress 
on the world’s junk bond market as energy companies now account for 15 percent of the outstanding issuance in the non-investment grade bond market. The plunge in the prices of crude could trigger a ‘‘volatility shock large enough to trigger the next wave of de-faults,’’ according to Deutsche Bank. 
This explains why the Obama administra-
tion—with complicity of both congressional Democrats and Republicans—managed in the wee hours of the morning to slip a loophole into the supposedly ‘‘must-pass’’ cliff-hanger omnibus budget bill. This toxic Trojan horse, passed in December 2014, now includes a minor footnote provision that might cause taxpayers to pick up the tab on more than a trillion dollars (yes, trillion) if the energy market bubble implodes, which it must if oil stays at half the price it fetched just six months ago. 
After last minute, heavy lobbying on the 
budget bill by Jamie Dimon of JPMorgan Chase and an army of 3,000 Wall Street lob-byists, it appears that once again sufficient insecurity and fear had been spread among the political class regarding destabilization 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:14 Jan 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09JA8.006 E09JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E43 January 9, 2015 
of the financial markets (or withdrawal of 
campaign financing). They allowed a last minute amendment that killed Dodd-Frank protections, and allowed U.S. taxpayers to be shaken down to cover Wall Street’s shale gambling debacle. 
The heavy-handed move by the financial 
industry has outraged progressives and lib-ertarians alike. It seems that these Wall Street criminals, like junkies attached to their drugs of choice, just could not resist the high of easy cash from Ponzi scheme market bubbles, and so they have stuck it to the U.S. public once again: Preposterously huge bonuses, Porsches, pricey call girls, and million-dollar Manhattan condos were at stake. So hey, why should they kick the habit? After all, not a single one of those con artists went to jail last time. 
Wall Street is now flooded with fracking 
industry derivatives contracts that protect the profits of oil producers from dramatic swings in the marketplace. Derivatives are essentially insurance policies taken out by the oil industry to guard against fluctua-tions in the cost of fossil fuel supplies. Dra-matic swings rarely happen, but when they do they can be absolutely crippling. 
Derivatives taken out to ensure prices 
don’t go down are now creating billions in losses for those who sold such bets on the market; someone is going to have to absorb massive losses created by the sudden drop in oil on the other end of those insurance con-tracts. In many cases, it is the big Wall Street banks, and if the price of oil does not rebound substantially they could be facing colossal losses. 
The big Wall Street banks did not expect 
plunging home prices to implode the mort-gage-backed securities market in 2008, but their current models also did not have $60 oil prices included in projections. The huge losses may send a shock wave into the entire financial industry. It has been estimated that the six largest ‘‘too-big-to-fail’’ banks control $3.9 trillion in commodity deriva-tives contracts, those same gambling instru-ments that brought us the 2008 housing col-lapse. And a very large chunk of that amount is made up of oil derivatives. Com-bined with the huge flood of shale junk bonds on the market, the derivatives could initiate a bubble burst that could turn into a finan-cial market implosion. 
Meanwhile, the global climate change 
issue and energy market turbulence have morphed into geopolitical tensions over Eu-ropean fracking. Unsubstantiated allegations in a New York Times report by Andrew Hig-gins claim that the Russians are funding anti-fracking protests to maintain their he-gemony over gas markets. 
The allegations have infuriated environ-
mentalists and climate justice activists. The last thing they want is to be made scape-goats for the fracking collapse and be played as the neo-Cold War dupes of the Russian empire. But memories of red-baiting sud-denly hang in the air as (by seemingly coin-cidence) dozens of right-wing media sites regularly devoted to anti-Soviet slanders or climate change denial immediately picked up Higgins’ Times piece, as if on cue. 
There are now dozens more of such pub-
lished reports. Even as the U.S. fracking in-dustry collapses and tensions over control of Ukraine and other former Soviet satellites re-emerge, there seems to be a concerted right-wing effort to label fracking opponents Russian agents. 
Vague innuendos dominate this narrative. 
In the Times piece, for example, former NATO Secretary General Anders Fogh Ras-mussen is quoted: ‘‘I have met allies who can report that Russia, as part of their sophisti-cated information and disinformation oper-ations, engage actively with so-called non- government organizations.’’ Others write, 
‘‘Some in Sophia believe’’ or ‘‘Those who suspect Russian involvement’’ or ‘‘There’s no smoking gun, yet . . . ’’ 
Critics in Romania accused the Times and 
Higgins of scapegoating environmentalists and acting as partisan players in a renewed Cold War. 
‘‘What, exactly, is the grand total of evi-
dence that Russia is financing these anti- fracking protests?’’ asks American blogger in Romania, Sam C. Roman, in his article, ‘‘Pot vs. Kettle,’’ pointing out that the first anti-Russia allegation came from a politi-cian who owned land that Chevron planned to frack, and is thus losing money from the protests. ‘‘Not one allegation against Russia in the entire article is proven by a single document, piece of evidence or other direct proof. All that exists are shadowy insinu-ations and allegations.’’ He asserts that ac-cusations by Lithuanian, Romanian and NATO officials against Russia have not yet to be backed up by any proof. 
‘‘Add it up,’’ Roman writes. ‘‘You’ve got 
two former NATO [secretary generals] stumping for Chevron (which competes with Gazprom, a Russian energy company that also conducts fracking operations in Europe) blaming the Russian government for pro-tests .... And all of this tied up in a neat 
little bow by an American journalist who has already been caught publishing anti-Russian propaganda in his newspaper before.’’ 
This all leaves the United States somewhat 
schizophrenic. On the one hand, the United States and NATO’s foreign policy hawks are delighted by the oil price collapse; it serves to isolate and subdue Russia, expand NATO’s influence in Eastern Europe, and puts pres-sure on Iran to negotiate on nuclear aspira-tions. Not to mention that with gasoline at $2 per gallon, consumer spending and eco-nomic growth will be enhanced. The U.S. economy grew by a comparatively robust 5 percent in the third quarter of 2014. 
According to an article by Larry Elliott in 
The Guardian, ‘‘Stakes Are High as U.S. Plays the Oil Card Against Iran and Russia,’’ the price drop was an act of geopolitical war-fare by the United States, administered by the Saudis. Elliott suggests that U.S. Sec-retary of State John Kerry allegedly struck a deal with Saudi Arabia’s King Abdullah in September. That might explain how oil prices dropped during the crisis caused by Is-lamic State in Iraq and Syria, which would normally have caused prices to rise. 
It would also explain why the Obama ad-
ministration allowed the financial industry the amendment to Dodd-Frank that effec-tively exempts financial institutions from li-ability associated with derivatives. Though shale derivatives were not specifically men-tioned by the Wall Street lobbyists as they pressured their allies in Congress and the White House, it is becoming increasingly clear that the too-big-to-fail banks were be-ginning to panic as dark clouds gathered on the horizon in the shale derivatives trade. 
Most bank customers and voters don’t 
know that Congress has already written into finance regulations that, in the case of insol-vency, financial institutions could grab the assets of depositors and ‘‘bail-in’’—which means they can save themselves from their losses in gambling operations at their invest-ment divisions by grabbing cash assets of de-positors, even those that are FDIC guaran-teed, and legally convert them to bank stocks. That means that in the event of an-other market crash, Chase and Citi could take their depositors’ cash in savings ac-counts or CDs, and give the customers back a bank stock certificate (of questionable value) instead. 
There are also those who scratch their 
heads and ask, ‘‘Why did the TBTF banks push for a deletion of the Dodd-Frank provi-
sion now, instead of waiting for the friend-lier Republican-controlled Congress to pass this legislation?’’ The only answer that seems to make sense, and explain their ur-gency, is that the collapse is imminent. 
In the 1990s dot-com craze, every new Sil-
icon Valley start-up company was advertised as the next Microsoft. What followed was the crash of 2000, when the NASDAQ dropped 4,000 points (80 percent) in months. This chart below is what the crash looked like in 2000 to 2002 after the market had reached 5,000 (almost exactly where it stands today). 
Having learned their lesson well from the 
last bailout, and knowing that they will have a much harder time coming to Congress hat-in-hand after a collapse, the TBTF banks probably decided not to wait, pushing their minions in the Beltway to inoculate them as soon as possible from the potential market explosion. In the meantime, they were prob-ably dumping their own stocks on unsuspecting investors. Based on year-end reports for March 31, 2014, for 127 major oil companies, cash input for the fracking indus-try was $677 billion, while revenues from op-erations only totaled $568 billion—a dif-ference of almost $110 billion. And this was before the price of oil started dropping six months ago. 
In three out of seven major fracking fields 
in North America, companies are already re-porting losses, with closures particularly acute in Canada. It’s not clear whether economists fully appreciate what’s about to transpire. This decline in rig count is just the beginning. Perhaps the end will come as early as this winter or spring, as fiscal re-ports for 2014’s fourth quarter are published, operations shut down, crews are laid off, and many unprofitable oil and gas rigs are mothballed. 
So, whom will the banks, brokers and in-
vestors scapegoat for this upcoming crash? Some predict that they will likely use every available media outlet to blame community activists, Democrats and Obama for stopping the Keystone pipeline and for opposing the fracking industry. And as in the climate change denier movement, the narrative will 
probably use ‘‘communist’’ and ‘‘socialist’’ rhetoric, which is why the Russian card is so important to play: Hence the Higgins article. 
The pundits on Fox will likely play on the 
patriotism of the right and use their Big Lie ploy (say something enough times, it be-comes the truth) to the hilt. Six months from now, while studiously avoiding mention of our ‘‘allies,’’ the Saudis, or the Wall Street banks, they will likely be vocifer-ously defending those poor ‘‘beleaguered U.S. oilmen’’ who could have made our country strong and independent again in energy, but were broken by the Democrats and those ‘‘commie environmentalists’’ working for Putin. The market crash will be blamed on the ‘‘climate hoax.’’ 
f 
NORTH KOREA IS A STATE 
SPONSOR OF TERROR 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, January 9, 2015 
Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, the saga 
with North Korea and its band of tyrants has gone on far too long. 
On November 24th, Sony Pictures Enter-
tainment was attacked. No its headquarters were not bombed, nor did anyone storm the buildings. This was a cyber attack. 
It is believed to be the worst of its type on 
a company on U.S. soil. Hackers released 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:14 Jan 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A09JA8.007 E09JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E44 January 9, 2015 
personal data of Sony employees, disabled 
Sony’s IT systems, and destroyed data. 
Shortly after, anonymous emails threatened 
movie-goers hoping to see the Sony film, ‘‘The Interview’’. These threats warned about ‘‘9/11- style’’ terrorist attacks. 
A little over a month later, on December 29, 
the FBI said North Korea was responsible for the cyber attack. 
Contrary to what the President has called 
‘‘cyber vandalism’’, this cyber terrorism de-serves a bold, immediate response. 
The world’s dictators and terrorists must 
know without a doubt that an attack—cyber or physical—on the U.S. will result in a dev-astating response. This starts with the little dictator of Pyongyang, Kim Jong-Un. 
It needs to immediately put North Korea 
back on the State Sponsors of Terrorism list. Representative R
OS-LEHTINEN has a bill that 
puts tough sanctions on North Korea and urges the Administration to put North Korea back on the list. I am an original cosponsor of the bill. 
There is no doubt that North Korea belongs 
on the State Sponsors of Terrorism list. 
In July 2009, UAE officials discovered a 
North Korean ship full of weapons heading to Iran. 
Iran has been on the state sponsor of ter-
rorism list since 1984 because it provides hun-dreds of millions of dollars and tons of weap-ons to terrorist groups like Hezbollah and Hamas. So when one hears about North Korea sending weapons to Iran, it is not a typ-ical transfer of weapons. This is about giving a recognized state sponsor of terrorism more guns to put in the hands of known and des-ignated terrorist groups. 
Five months after the UAE seizure, Thai au-
thorities found 35 tons of North Korean weap-ons on a plane, also traveling to Iran and ulti-mately bound for delivery to foreign terrorist organizations Hezbollah and Hamas. 
In April 2010, South Korean officials appre-
hended two North Korean military-trained agents who had orders to assassinate a de-fector from North Korea. 
On March 26, 2010, North Korea sunk a 
South Korean naval vessel, killing 46 sailors. 
On November 23, 2010 North Korea repeat-
edly bombed a small South Korean island, kill-ing two civilians and two marines. 
So far, as punishment for the cyber attack 
on Sony, the President sanctioned ten individ-uals and three organizations tied to North Ko-rea’s intelligence, arms supply, and defense research. 
These sanctions are not enough. Other peo-
ple or organizations not sanctioned by the U.S. can easily take over the same work. 
Reinstating North Korea on the State Spon-
sors of Terrorism list would deepen existing sanctions and could deliver a crippling blow to the little dictator of Pyonyang. 
This Administration cannot allow the United 
States to be bullied again and again. 
The West allowed Putin into Ukraine. We 
have watched ISIS behead our journalists. We have seen Americans die in Israel at the hands of Hamas. 
Now, we have let North Korea silence us. To have a country on the other side of the 
world not just threaten but actually take away one of America’s most fundamental rights is outrageous. 
It is time to stop appeasing our enemies. And that’s just the way it is. IN HONOR OF OUR BRAVE MEN 
AND WOMEN ON LAW ENFORCE-MENT APPRECIATION DAY 
HON. AL GREEN 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, January 9, 2015 
Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I be-
lieve in the rule of law. For that reason, today on the first annual Law Enforcement Apprecia-tion Day (L.E.A.D), I would like to honor our brave men and women in both state as well as federal law enforcement agencies. In our nation, we have approximately 900,000 law enforcement officials. Without these hard-working individuals, who constantly risk their lives, the rule of law would not be possible. According to the Federal Bureau of Investiga-tion (FBI), 76 law enforcement officers lost their lives in the line-of-duty in 2013, 27 deaths were the result of felonious, criminal acts by perpetrators. My own home state of Texas has lost more officers than any other state in the U.S. 
Mr. Speaker, throughout my life I have been 
truly inspired by the professionalism and devo-tion to public safety of those in law enforce-ment. I know I speak for many people of good will when I say I wholeheartedly support the efforts of law enforcement officers to serve and protect our communities and our country. Additionally, we will not let the questionable actions of a few individuals acting under the color of law besmirch the reputation and leg-acy of all law enforcement officers in our great nation. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. GREGORY W. MEEKS 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, January 9, 2015 
Mr. MEEKS. Mr. Speaker, on January 6, 
2015, I missed recorded votes #1–7 as I was attending the funeral of Governor Mario Cuomo in New York. 
I would like to reflect how I would have 
voted if I were here and sworn into office: 
On Roll Call #1 I would have voted present 
(Quorum Call). 
On Roll Call #2 I would have voted for 
N
ANCY PELOSI for Speaker. 
On Roll Call #3 I would have voted no (Mo-
tion to Table). 
On Roll Call #4 I would have voted no (Pre-
vious Question). 
On Roll Call #5 I would have voted yes (Mo-
tion to Commit). 
On Roll Call #6 I would have voted no (Pas-
sage of House Rules Package). 
On Roll Call #7 I would have voted yes 
(Passage ‘‘Hire More Heroes Act of 2015’’ H.R. 22). 
I would also like to reflect that I would have 
voted for the Honorable N
ANCY PELOSI for 
Democratic Leader. RECOGNIZING U.S. AMBASSADOR 
TO BANGLADESH DAN MOZENA 
HON. SANDER M. LEVIN 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, January 9, 2015 
Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, as he retires from 
the Foreign Service next week, I rise today to recognize the outstanding work of the U.S. Ambassador to Bangladesh Dan Mozena. He led a distinguished career of public service to the United States, capped by his impressive efforts over the past several years to promote workers’ safety and advance fundamental labor rights in Bangladesh. 
Following a string of tragedies in the Ban-
gladesh garment industry, including the col-lapse of the Rana Plaza factory that took the lives of 1,138 workers in 2013 and the factory fire at Tazreen Fashions that took the lives of 112 workers in 2012, Ambassador Mozena has advocated for workers’ safety and their right to freedom of association. He has urged Bangladesh to transform its garment sector from a model based on a race-to-the-bottom in labor standards, to one where a ‘‘Made in Bangladesh’’ becomes a label valued for the country’s commitment to workers’ rights and high standards for safety. 
Following the U.S. Government’s decision to 
suspend trade preferences and issue an Ac-tion Plan focused on labor rights and factory safety, Ambassador Mozena convened the embassies of other garment importing coun-tries (Netherlands, Canada, the United King-dom, and the European Union) with the re-sponsible Bangladesh Government Secretar-iats on a monthly basis to track progress. This model for joint advocacy is one that merits recognition and replication as our Embassies work to elevate labor rights in developing economies. 
Ambassador Mozena worked with the U.S. 
Department of Labor to bring the first Labor Attache ´to Bangladesh, and he leaves an insti-
tutional framework to help advance labor rights in this young and developing country. Under Mozena’s leadership the U.S. Embassy became a place where workers could turn to for help when they faced coercion, repression, and anti-union violence. 
Of course, there is a tremendous amount of 
work that still needs to be accomplished in Bangladesh to ensure that workers are safe and that their fundamental rights are re-spected in the workplace. Ambassador Mozena has fought to ensure that momentum is going in the right direction in Bangladesh— we must continue this work moving forward. 
Ambassador Mozena’s accomplishments ex-
tend beyond labor rights. Since presenting his Letters of Credence to the President of Ban-gladesh on November 24, 2011, Ambassador Mozena has strengthened relations between the United States and Bangladesh by pro-moting a Bangladesh that is peaceful, secure, prosperous, healthy, and democratic. He em-phasized understanding the diversity of Ban-gladesh, making visits to each of the country’s 64 districts. In the United States, he has vis-ited Bangladeshi-Americans across the coun-try. 
During his time as Ambassador, Mozena 
oversaw the largest aid budget in Asia outside of Afghanistan and Pakistan, bolstering Bangladeshi food security and nutrition, im-proving health, and increasing capacity to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jan 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A09JA8.008 E09JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E45 January 9, 2015 
cope with climate change, natural disasters, 
and security challenges. 
Beyond Ambassador Mozena’s current post-
ing in Dhaka, he had an impressive career ad-vancing U.S. interests in South Asia and Afri-ca. He previously served in Bangladesh as Political/Economic Counselor from 1998–2001 and as a Deputy Political Counselor in India and Pakistan. A member of Senior Foreign Service, Mozena was U.S. Ambassador to An-gola from 2007–2010 and previously worked in the Office of Southern African Affairs from 1993 to 1995, during South Africa’s transition from apartheid to democracy. Previous post-ings include Lusaka and Kinshasa and a year as a professor at the National War College. 
Ambassador Mozena’s family has stood by 
his side as he has pursued his career over-seas. His wife of 40 years, Grace, is a retired elementary school teacher who served with him as a Peace Corps volunteer in then-Zaire. Their two children, Anne and Mark, followed their father throughout the world. I understand that Mozena also looks forward to spending time with the newest addition to his family, a granddaughter named Mira, as well as his mother Edna. 
As Ambassador Mozena returns to his fam-
ily in the United States, we recognize his work in Bangladesh and throughout his career as a Foreign Service Officer. 
f 
THE PRESIDENTIAL ELECTION 
TURNS 226 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, January 9, 2015 
Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, this week 
226 years ago, the first presidential election in United States history was held across the 13 original colonies. Nowadays things change in the blink of an eye, so one can imagine how much our country has changed in 226 years. 
Texas was still a part of the Spanish Empire 
in 1789 and the United States had just re-cently gained its independence from the Brit-ish Empire. Back then, voting eligible citizens would walk or ride their horses down cobble-stone roads to the nearest poll. 
Oddly enough, the first voters voted by 
voice, rather than the secret ballot that we’re all used to now. Voters wouldn’t even vote for who they wanted as President, but would ac-tually vote for their state’s electors. The cho-sen electors would then cast their vote for President. Though we still have electors, citi-zens now vote for who they believe should be President rather than their state’s electors. Electors are instead chosen by state govern-ments and then each one is expected to vote with the will of the people of their state. The Electoral College voting system has been one of the lone constants in an ever-changing po-litical and voting landscape. It was used in the first Presidential election and has been used in every election since. 
While the Electoral College has remained in 
place since 1789, voting rights have changed significantly over the years. For the first Presi-dential election, an eligible voter was defined as any white, land-owning male. However, our country has progressed a great deal since then and now defines an eligible voter as any citizen over the age of 18, regardless of race, gender, or societal status. We should be proud to live in a country 
whose government recognizes everyone as equal and allows each individual to vote, re-gardless of race or gender. From 13 colonies to 50 states and from voting by voice to voting on touch-screen computers, our elections have come a long way since 1789, and I ex-pect the next 226 years to be just as great. 
And that’s just the way it is. 
f 
IN HONOR OF PETER CHACON 
HON. JUAN VARGAS 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, January 9, 2015 
Mr. VARGAS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor Peter Chacon for a lifetime of selfless service and leadership to our nation and our community. He served honorably in the United States Air Force during World War II and in the California State legislature for over 20 years. 
Born in Phoenix, Arizona, Mr. Chacon was 
raised in a home of modest means with three older sisters and three younger brothers. As a teenager, he would shine shoes and park cars in downtown Phoenix to help support his fam-ily. His father, Petronilo Chacon, served as a commander in Mexico to Pancho Villa’s revo-lutionary Army and taught Mr. Chacon to fight for what he believed in with passion and de-termination, while defending the rights of those who could not do the same. 
In 1943, at the age of 18 and in the midst 
of World War II, Mr. Chacon enlisted in the U.S. Air Force. He served honorably for two years of wartime service as a Ball Turret Gun-ner on a B–17 Flying Fortress. During his service, he flew 35 successful missions over Germany. On one such mission, his plane was shot down and forced to crash land on a small island off the Italian coast where he and the rest of the crew were later rescued. 
After the war, Mr. Chacon returned home as 
a hero and enrolled in San Diego City College and later San Diego State University where he received a bachelor’s degree in education and a master’s degree in school administration. He began a career as a teacher, where he dis-covered injustices facing Spanish speaking children in schools. In 1968, with the help of two friends, Mr. Chacon founded the Chicano Federation in an effort to unite the Latino voice in the San Diego community. One of the first accomplishments of the Chicano Federa-tion was the creation of the historic Chicano Park in the Barrio Logan community. Chicano Park has come to be an important symbol of the Chicano Movement. 
In 1969, Mr. Chacon decided to run for the 
California State Assembly in an effort the change the education system from within. Mr. Chacon was elected in 1970 to represent Cali-fornia’s 79th assembly district, where he served for 22 years. He is best known for au-thoring legislation to create the California Housing Finance Agency, the Rural Housing Development Program, and the landmark Bi-lingual/Bicultural Education Program for the more than 230,000 limited English speaking students in the state. 
Mr. Chacon was an inspirational leader in 
the San Diego community and his contribu-tions will not be forgotten. He is survived by his four sons, Chris, Paul, Ralph and Jeff. CELEBRATING THE LIFE AND AC-
COMPLISHMENTS OF KAREN WILKINSON 
HON. JOHN CONYERS, JR. 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, January 9, 2015 
Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, today, as 
Ranking Member and former Chairman of the Committee on the Judiciary, I join with my col-league, Rep. R
OBERT C. ‘‘B OBBY ’’ SCOTT , the 
former Chairman and Ranking Member of the Subcommittee on Crime, Terrorism, Homeland Security, and Investigations, in celebrating the life and recognizing the accomplishments of Karen Wilkinson, who sadly passed away on January 5. 
Karen was a dedicated public servant, high-
ly valued counsel to the Committee, and be-loved colleague. 
We were fortunate to get to know Karen 
through her work for the Committee in 2008 and 2009. During that time, Karen, an Assist-ant Federal Public Defender, was a detailee from the Administrative Office of the United States Courts. Her detail was the first of a Federal Public Defender to Congress. After her work with the Committee, she returned to Phoenix, Arizona to continue representing indi-gent clients in federal criminal cases, which she had done for eight years before coming to the Committee. Prior to that, she clerked for the U.S. District Court for Arizona and then joined the law firm of Brown & Bain. Karen graduated magna cum laude from Arizona State University Law School, received a Mas-ters in Business Administration from Nova Uni-versity and her Bachelor of Science degree from the University of Michigan. 
Karen’s accomplishments during her tenure 
with the Committee include a number of bills that dealt with issues that are very important to improving our country’s criminal justice sys-tem. During the 111th Congress, she was re-sponsible for guiding several legislative meas-ures to approval on the floor of the House of Representatives, including: H.R. 448, the Elder Abuse Victims Act of 2009; H.R. 632, the National Silver Alert Act 2009; H.R. 748, CAMPUS Safety Act of 2009; H.R. 908, the Missing Alzheimer’s Disease Patient Alert Pro-gram Reauthorization Act of 2009; H.R. 1333, amending chapter 40 of title 18 of the United States Code to exempt the transportation, shipment, receipt, or importation of explosive materials for delivery to a federally recognized Indian tribes; H.R. 1727, the Managing Arson Through Criminal History, MATCH, Act; H.R. 1933, a Child is Missing Alert and Recovery Center Act; S. 1289, the Foreign Evidence Re-quest Efficiency Act of 2009, and H.R. 2661, the Court Security Enhancement Act of 2009. 
In addition, she served as lead counsel on 
several other very important bills under the ju-risdiction of the Judiciary Committee in the 111th Congress, such as: H.R. 503, the Pre-vention of Equine Cruelty Act of 2009; H.R. 2289, the Juvenile Justice Accountability and Improvement Act of 2009; H.R. 2095, the Res-titution for the Exonerated Act; H.R. 1149, the Child Protection Reauthorization Act of 2009 and H.R. 1422, the Adam Walsh Child Protec-tion and Safety Reauthorization Act of 2009. Karen also developed proposals subsequently introduced as the Literacy Education and Re-habilitation Act, a bill to require a criminal de-
fense representative to be appointed to the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:14 Jan 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A09JA8.011 E09JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E46 January 9, 2015 
United States Sentencing Commission, the 
Firearm Recidivist Sentencing Act, and legisla-tion to correct the computation of good time credit in the federal prison system. Her work in developing H.R. 3327, the Ramos-Compean Justice Act of 2009, has led to subsequent bi-partisan, bicameral introduction of that bill, now known as the Justice Safety Valve Act. This bill has become one of the critical pro-posals under consideration as a growing con-sensus in the country is recognizing the need to reform our sentencing laws in order to achieve greater fairness, save unnecessary costs in the criminal justice system, and re-duce recidivism. These bills to reform the criminal justice system, developed through her efforts, are a lasting legacy of her dedication 
to achieving fairness and justice for all. 
Karen’s dedication to these issues during 
her time working for the Committee was rep-resentative of the professionalism and commit-ment she showed as an Assistant Federal Public Defender in representing her clients and vindicating their rights to equal and fair treatment under the law. 
Today, we remember and appreciate Karen 
Wilkinson’s dedication to public service, her commitment to fairness, her wise counsel, and the friendships she developed with us and her Judiciary Committee colleagues. We will honor her by pledging to advance the causes that were her life’s calling. 
f 
HONORING GENE BESS 
HON. JASON SMITH 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, January 9, 2015 
Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor Gene Bess from Poplar Bluff, Missouri for his exceptional years of service to the community as a basketball coach and mentor. 
Coach Gene Bess is considered one of the 
most winningest college basketball coaches recently gaining his 1,200th win. Coach Gene has been recognized as one of the best coaches in college basketball winning two na-tional junior college championships. 
Coach Bess has been named the NJCAA 
Coach of the Year twice and Regional Coach of the Year 18 times. He has led the Raiders of Three Rivers College to 17 tournament ap-pearances and the program has kept a win-ning record consistently over .750. 
Coach Bess’s impressive winning record is 
only one of the reasons he is such a beloved and respected member of the community Coach Bess not only strives to motivate his players to do their best on the court, but to keep a clear focus on their future. He has ex-pressed the importance he places on seeing his players continuing their education at other institutions and finishing their degrees. 
For his remarkable accomplishments as a 
college basketball coach and his dedication to serve our community, it is my pleasure to rec-ognize the achievements of Coach Gene Bess before the House of Representatives. RECOGNIZING J. JORGE VERDUZCO 
HON. HENRY CUELLAR 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, January 9, 2015 
Mr. CUELLAR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize the accomplishments of J. Jorge Verduzco of Laredo, Texas. 
Jorge Verduzco’s extraordinary career has 
been characterized by global citizenship and community service. Before beginning his ca-reer, Mr. Verduzco earned a Bachelor’s in International Relations from St. Mary’s Univer-sity, a Master’s degree in Latin American Studies from Georgetown University, a second Master’s from the American Graduate School on International Management, and he com-pleted graduate programs in Bank Marketing and Commercial Lending. 
Jorge Verduzco worked in the Latin Amer-
ican and Administrative Bureaus of the U.S. Department of State for several years prior to joining the International Bank of Commerce in Laredo in 1981. With IBC, Mr. Verduzco has served admirably for over two decades. In ad-dition, his economic development efforts along the Texas-Mexico border have been out-standing, serving as Chairman of the Texas- Mexico Authority Advisory Board, a member of the Policy Board of the Texas Department of Commerce, a founding member of the Border Trade Alliance and the Association of South Texas Communities, a founding Board Mem-ber of the Alliance for I–69 Texas, and a Board Member of the Texas Association of Business and Chambers of Commerce. His service exemplifies a shining example of hu-mility and dedication. 
In addition to his exemplary career, Jorge 
Verduzco is a committed husband of forty five years, father, grandfather, and author of ‘‘International Relations, The Organization of American States.’’ 
Mr. Speaker, I am honored to have the op-
portunity to recognize J. Jorge Verduzco for his many accomplishments and great contribu-tions to the Laredo area. I thank you for this time. 
f 
RECOGNIZING MR. RAYMOND 
BENCIVENGO 
HON. MICHAEL G. FITZPATRICK 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, January 9, 2015 
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, today we 
recognize a career of committed service to our nation and our communities by Raymond Bencivengo of Philadelphia. 
Mr. Bencivengo’s service began as a United 
States Marine serving in Vietnam and contin-ued for 25 years after as a Philadelphia Police officer, both on the beat and administratively. Even after retiring from the police force in 1984, Mr. Bencivengo continued his commit-ment to law, order and protection by serving as a Pennsylvania State Parole Agent for 20 years. 
In the summer of 2014, Mr. Bencivengo offi-
cially began his well-deserved retirement. 
The quiet, selfless service of those like Mr. 
Bencivengo should never go forgotten or un- thanked. So today, I congratulate Raymond Bencivengo and wish him all the best in his 
retirement. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE DEDICATION 
OF THE TINNER HILL HISTORIC SITE 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, January 9, 2015 
Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to rec-
ognize the 100th Anniversary of the founding of the Fairfax County Branch of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP) and to congratulate the Tinner Hill Heritage Foundation on the long- awaited dedication of the Tinner Hill Historic Site. 
On January 8, 1915, at the home of Joseph 
Tinner in Falls Church, nine community lead-ers formed the Colored Citizens Protective League (CCPL) in order to fight an ordinance in the then Town of Falls Church that would have legalized forced segregation in the town. This pioneering group evolved to become the Fairfax County Branch of the NAACP, which has played an instrumental role in the struggle for civil rights in Fairfax County and the nation for the past 100 years and will continue to do so in its next century. 
The Tinner Hill Foundation is a 501c(3) non- 
profit founded by Edwin B. Henderson II, a de-scendant of E.B. Henderson, the CCPL’s first Secretary, to preserve this important piece of our community’s history. The Foundation helps prepare tomorrow’s leaders by ensuring they understand our community’s past through cul-tural enrichment, arts, career and entrepre-neurial education, mentoring, and counseling opportunities and by sponsoring clubs, groups, and organizations. The Foundation also has been engaged in the creation of The Tinner 
Hill Historic Site, The African American Herit-age Walking Tour, The ‘‘Dear Editor’’ Contest, and The Tinner Hill Blues Festival. 
I am proud to have partnered with the Foun-
dation since I was the Providence District Su-pervisor on the Fairfax County Board. It was at a Foundation event like this where we first discussed the idea of preserving this property, and the very next day I worked with my col-leagues on the Fairfax Board to direct the County Executive to collaborate with the City of Falls Church to purchase this site, which is so significant to the cultural history of our community. And earlier this year, I was pleased to help capture moving and inspira-tional stories from some of the Foundation’s members as part of the Northern Virginia Civil Rights Archive, which my office assembled in collaboration with the Library of Congress and local library branches. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join 
me in congratulating the Tinner Hill Heritage Foundation on this momentous occasion and commending its members for their steadfast efforts to preserve and promote the legacy of the brave African Americans who established the Fairfax County Branch of the NAACP and for their commitment to advance educational opportunities for students in the community. I also congratulate the Fairfax County Branch of the NAACP on the occasion of its 100th anni-versary. Please accept my sincere apprecia-tion for your tireless efforts in support of equal rights and justice for all. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:14 Jan 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A09JA8.014 E09JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D18 Friday, January 9, 2015 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S121–S131 
Measures Introduced: Two bills were introduced, 
as follows: S. 143–144.                                              Page S131 
Measures Considered: 
Keystone XL Pipeline—Agreement: Senate con-
tinued consideration of the motion to proceed to consideration of S. 1, to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline.
                                                                   Pages S121–28 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-
viding that at approximately 2 p.m., on Monday, January 12, 2015, Senate resume consideration of the motion to proceed to consideration of the bill, with the time until 5:30 p.m. equally divided and con-trolled in the usual form.
                                        Page S131 
Messages from the House:                           Pages S128–29 Executive Communications:                       Pages S129–31 
Additional Cosponsors:                                          Page S131 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
Additional Statements:                                           Page S128 
Privileges of the Floor:                                          Page S131 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 9:30 a.m. and 
adjourned at 12:08 p.m., until 2 p.m. on Monday, January 12, 2015. (For Senate’s program, see the re-marks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S131.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
No committee meetings were held. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 35 pub-
lic bills, H.R. 235–269; and 7 resolutions, H.J. Res. 11–14; H. Con. Res. 6; and H. Res. 24–25 were in-troduced.
                                                                  Pages H187–89 
Additional Cosponsors:                                         Page H190 
Reports Filed: There were no reports filed today. 
Guest Chaplain: The prayer was offered by the 
Guest Chaplain, Reverend Patrick Riffle, St. Peter’s Catholic Church, Washington, DC.
                   Page H159 
Reading of the Constitution: Pursuant to section 5 
of H. Res. 5, the Chair recognized Representative Goodlatte for the reading of the Constitution. 
                                                                                      Pages H161–68 
Recess: The House recessed at 10:28 a.m. and re-
convened at 11:04 a.m.                                             Page H168 
Keystone XL Pipeline Act: The House passed 
H.R. 3, to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline, by a yea-and-nay vote of 266 yeas to 153 nays with one 
answering ‘‘present’’, Roll No. 16.              Pages H168–81 
Rejected the Garamendi motion to recommit the 
bill to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith with an amendment, by a yea-and-nay vote of 180 yeas to 237 nays, of Roll No. 15.
                                                                     Pages H179–81 
H. Res. 19, the rule providing for consideration 
of the bills (H.R. 3) and (H.R. 30), was agreed to on January 8. 
Moment of silence: The House observed a moment 
of silence in memory of the victims of the terrorist attacks in France.
                                                         Page H181 
Meeting Hour: Agreed by unanimous consent that 
when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 12 noon on Monday, January 12th for Morning Hour debate.
                                                                  Page H183 
Senate Message: Message received from the Senate 
today and appears on page H168. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jan 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D09JA5.REC D09JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D19 January 9, 2015 
Senate Referral: S. Con. Res. 2 was held at the 
desk. 
Quorum Calls—Votes: Two yea-and-nay votes de-
veloped during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H180–81, H181. There were no quorum calls. 
Adjournment: The House met at 9 a.m. and ad-
journed at 2:02 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
No hearings were held. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR MONDAY, 
JANUARY 12, 2015 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
No meetings/hearings scheduled. 
House 
Committee on Rules, Full Committee, hearing on H.R. 
185, the ‘‘Regulatory Accountability Act of 2015’’; and H.R. 37, the ‘‘Promoting Job Creation and Reducing Small Business Burdens Act’’, 5 p.m., H–313 Capitol. 
f 
CONGRESSIONAL PROGRAM AHEAD 
Week of January 12 through January 16, 2015 
Senate Chamber 
On Monday , at approximately 2 p.m., Senate will 
resume consideration of the motion to proceed to consideration of S. 1, Keystone XL Pipeline, and 
vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the motion to proceed to consideration of the bill at 5:30 p.m. 
During the balance of the week, Senate may con-
sider any cleared legislative and executive business. 
Senate Committees 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Committee on Armed Services: January 13, to hold hear-
ings to examine global challenges and United States na-tional security strategy, 2:30 p.m., SD–G50. 
Committee on Foreign Relations: January 13, to hold hear-
ings to examine articulating the case for American leader-ship in the world, focusing on the national interest, 10 a.m., SD–419. 
Select Committee on Intelligence: January 13, to receive a 
closed briefing on certain intelligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. 
House Committees 
Committee on Armed Services, January 13, Full Com-
mittee, organizational meeting for the 114th Congress, 11 a.m., 2118 Rayburn. 
Committee on Energy and Commerce, January 13, Full 
Committee, organizational meeting for the 114th Con-gress, 1 p.m., 2123 Rayburn. 
Committee on Financial Services, January 13, Full Com-
mittee, organizational meeting for the 114th Congress, 10 a.m., 2167 Rayburn. 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, January 13, Full Com-
mittee, organizational meeting for the 114th Congress, 10:30 a.m., 334 Cannon. 
Committee on Ways and Means, January 13, Full Com-
mittee, organizational meeting for the 114th Congress; hearing entitled ‘‘Moving America Forward: With a Focus on Economic Growth’’, 10 a.m., HVC–210. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jan 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D09JA5.REC D09JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postage
is paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are
printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances when
two or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through
the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov , free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the
Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.
Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov . ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S.
Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made
payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing
each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents
in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from
the Congressional Record .
POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record , U.S. Government Publishing Office,
Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD20 January 9, 2015 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 
2 p.m., Monday, January 12 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Monday: Senate will resume consideration 
of the motion to proceed to consideration of S. 1, Key-stone XL Pipeline, and vote on the motion to invoke clo-ture on the motion to proceed to consideration of the bill at 5:30 p.m. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
12 p.m., Monday, January 12 
House Chamber 
Program for Monday: To be announced. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE 
Connolly, Gerald E., Va., E41, E46 
Conyers, John, Jr., Mich., E45 Costello, Ryan A., Pa., E40 Cuellar, Henry, Tex., E46 Eshoo, Anna G., Calif., E39 Farr, Sam, Calif., E39 
Fitzpatrick, Michael G., Pa., E46 Green, Al, Tex., E44 Honda, Michael M., Calif., E39 Johnson, Henry C. ‘‘Hank’’, Jr., Ga., E41 Levin, Sander M., Mich., E44 Lowey, Nita M., N.Y., E40 McDermott, Jim, Wash., E42 
Meeks, Gregory W., N.Y., E44 Poe, Ted, Tex., E40, E43, E45 Smith, Jason, Mo., E46 Van Hollen, Chris, Md., E41 Vargas, Juan, Calif., E45 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jan 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D09JA5.REC D09JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST