Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S1323 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, MARCH 9, 2015 No. 39 
House of Representatives 
The House was not in session today. Its next meeting will be held on Tuesday, March 10, 2015, at 12 noon. 
Senate 
MONDAY , MARCH 9, 2015 
The Senate met at 2 p.m. and was 
called to order by the Honorable T OM 
COTTON , a Senator from the State of 
Arkansas. 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-
fered the following prayer: 
Let us pray. Our Father in Heaven, clothed in daz-
zling splendor, we bow our hearts in Your presence. You are our helper, our defender, and our refuge. You are our hope for years to come. 
Strengthen our Senators for today’s 
challenges. Direct their thoughts, words, and actions, enabling them to follow Your leading. Lord, use them to transform dark yesterdays into bright tomorrows. Give them peace during turbulent moments and a faith that will not shrink under pressure. Make their words fountains of light. 
We pray in Your sacred Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The Presiding Officer led the Pledge 
of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
APPOINTMENT OF ACTING 
PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will please read a communication to the Senate from the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read the following letter: 
U.S. S ENATE , 
PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE , 
Washington, DC, March 9, 2015. 
To the Senate: 
Under the provisions of rule I, paragraph 3, 
of the Standing Rules of the Senate, I hereby appoint the Honorable T
OMCOTTON , a Sen-
ator from the State of Arkansas, to perform the duties of the Chair. 
O
RRIN G. H ATCH , 
President pro tempore. 
Mr. COTTON thereupon assumed the 
Chair as Acting President pro tempore. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY 
LEADER 
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-
pore. The majority leader is recog-nized. 
f 
MOTION TO INVOKE CLOTURE 
WITHDRAWN—MOTION TO PRO-CEED TO S. 625 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the clo-ture motion on the motion to proceed to S. 625 be withdrawn. 
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-
pore. Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
f 
ORDER OF BUSINESS 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, for 
the information of all Senators, the first vote of the week will occur at 5:30 p.m. this afternoon on confirmation of the nomination for Intellectual Prop-erty Enforcement Coordinator. There are three other votes in the series to-
night, and those nominations will be confirmed by voice vote. 
Tomorrow the Senate will begin con-
sideration of legislation to combat human trafficking. Members on both sides of the aisle have amendments to the bill, and those Senators should be working with Chairman G
RASSLEY and 
Senator L EAHY to get in the queue for 
consideration. It is my expectation that votes in relation to the trafficking bill will kick in after the policy lunches tomorrow. 
f 
HUMAN TRAFFICKING 
LEGISLATION 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, 
Senators from both sides of the aisle and from multiple committees have worked hard to address the terrible crime of human trafficking. This is a growing area of domestic and inter-national activity. Victims are counting on us to act. That is why tomorrow the Senate will begin consideration of the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act. It is authored by the senior Senator from Texas and boasts sponsors from both parties. Victims groups and advo-cates have called this bipartisan meas-ure the most comprehensive and thoughtful piece of antitrafficking leg-islation currently pending, and similar legislation has already passed the House of Representatives. 
It is no wonder the Judiciary Com-
mittee supported, without opposition, the bipartisan bill we will begin consid-ering tomorrow. After a reasonable pe-riod of debate and amendment, we hope 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Mar 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09MR6.000 S09MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1324 March 9, 2015 
to see strong bipartisan support here 
on the Senate floor as well. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY 
LEADER 
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-
pore. The Democratic leader is recog-nized. 
f 
HUMAN TRAFFICKING 
LEGISLATION 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, on human 
trafficking, I underscore, appreciate, and agree with the statement of the Republican leader. I feel very confident we will clear on our side moving to that. I think it would be a waste of the Senate’s time to have a vote on a mo-tion to proceed and a waste of time afterward, so I hope we can get on this legislation tomorrow. I doubt there will be problems on my side. If there are, I will work to clear them. 
f 
NEGOTIATIONS WITH IRAN 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, as I speak 
here today President Obama and his administration are engaged in negotia-tions to prevent Iran from building a nuclear weapon. These negotiations are unprecedented and very critical to our country and the world. The stakes couldn’t be higher. We as leaders should do everything we can to help these negotiations succeed. When it comes to preventing Iran from obtain-ing a nuclear bomb, we should put par-tisanship way to one side. 
Sadly, though, the judgment of my 
Republican colleagues seems to be clouded by their abhorrence of Presi-dent Obama. Today Republican Sen-ators actually sent a letter to the Ira-nian leadership aimed at sabotaging these negotiations. 
Let’s be very clear. Republicans are 
undermining our Commander in Chief while empowering the Ayatollahs. Just last week Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu was here in the Capitol de-crying the evil intent of the Iranian leadership. Republicans at that speech, which took place down the hall from where we stand today, in the House Chamber, stood, applauded, stomped their feet, and yelled in support of what the Prime Minister of Israel had to say. Today those same Republicans are trying to negotiate with the very same leaders in Iran with whom Netanyahu said we shouldn’t be negoti-ating. This simply doesn’t make sense. 
The outcome of the negotiations be-
tween the United States, France, the United Kingdom, Germany, China, Rus-sia, and the entire world is so impor-tant. The main participants in these negotiations are the United States, France, the United Kingdom, Germany, China, and Russia. Even though we are one of the negotiators, the negotia-tions affect the entire world. This let-ter is a hard slap in the face of not only the United States but our allies. This is not a time to undermine our Com-
mander in Chief purely out of spite. 
We should always have a robust de-
bate about foreign policy, but it is un-precedented for one political party to directly intervene in an international negotiation with the sole goal of em-barrassing the President of the United States. 
Throughout the 8 years of President 
Bush’s Presidency, Democrats—I dis-agreed with his foreign policy. I spoke about it on the floor lots of times. We know the disaster of the war in Iraq. But even at the height of our disagree-ments with President George W. Bush, Senate Democrats never considered sending a letter to Saddam Hussein or other Iraqi leaders at the time—never considered it, nor to be an embarrass-ment to the Commander in Chief, George W. Bush. 
So I say to my Republican col-
leagues: Do you so dislike President Obama that you would take this ex-traordinary step? Obviously so. 
Barack Obama is the President. This 
is an extraordinary step, and why it was taken, I really don’t understand, other than a dislike of the President. Barack Obama is President. I have agreed with him on certain things, and I have disagreed with him on certain things, but he is my President, and he is a President to all of us. It is time for Republicans to accept that the citizens of our country twice elected President Obama by large margins as President of the United States. 
Obviously Republicans don’t know 
how to do anything other than attempt these seemingly juvenile political at-tacks against the President. Congres-sional Republicans don’t know how to get things done. They don’t know how to govern. If you don’t believe what I just said, look at the press today; read a newspaper; look at the news. The pundits all agree that the Republicans are in a state of disarray here in the Congress of the United States. They don’t know what to do or how to do it. 
Today’s unprecedented letter, origi-
nated by a U.S. Senator who took his oath of office 62 days ago, is a kind of pettiness that diminishes us as a coun-try in the eyes of the world. The Re-publicans need to find a way to get over their animosity toward President Obama. I can only hope they do it sooner rather than later. 
Mr. DURBIN. Will the Senator yield 
for a question? 
Mr. REID. I will be happy to yield to 
the assistant leader. 
Mr. DURBIN. I thank the Senator for 
his remarks on this letter. 
I can’t think of a precedent where we 
have had one political party in the Senate try to intervene in inter-national negotiations. 
In this situation, if these negotia-
tions fail, it is pretty clear to me that one of the options on the horizon will be military action against Iran. I pray to goodness that we never reach that point. 
But I wish to ask the Senator from 
Nevada, those who are so anxious to scuttle these negotiations, to under-
mine these negotiations, do you think they have reflected on the fact that the alternative could be another war in the 
Middle East? 
Mr. REID. I say to my friend, with 
whom I have served in this Congress for 33 years, I have never seen anything like it. I have never seen anything like it. 
I disagreed with President Bush so 
very much on what he was doing to our country, but I would never ever have considered anything even close to this. 
The only thing I can figure out is 
what I said. The dislike of the Presi-dent is so intense by the Republican leaders that this is what they are doing. They can’t accept the fact that this good man, Barack Obama—this man with the unusual name—was elected twice by overwhelming margins by the people of this country, and he is doing his very best to try to alleviate a problem that exists. 
It would be better for the world—I 
think everyone should acknowledge that—if we could work something out with Iran so they don’t get nuclear weapons, and we have to try to do that. To prejudge what is going to come, if anything—the President of the United States said there is less than a 50-per-cent chance he can get it done, but shouldn’t we let him try? 
Mr. DURBIN. If the Senator will 
yield for another question, in the his-tory of the Senate to date, back to the 1940s when Senator Vandenberg from Michigan joined in a bipartisan effort on foreign policy as one of the hall-mark events in the history of this great body, and for decades when we served in the Senate, kind of the stock phrase was that politics ends at the water’s edge when the President is rep-resenting the United States overseas. We can argue and use our constitu-tional powers to argue back and forth, but we want to give the President the authority to try to protect and defend this country. 
Can the Senator from Nevada, who is 
a student of history, recall any other time when a group of Senators—a par-tisan group of Senators—reached out to a party in negotiations with the United States directly, as this letter has done? 
Mr. REID. I say to my friend, I guess 
my thoughts have been clouded by the people I have worked with here. It was just a few years ago that two out-standing U.S. Senators who will go down in the history books—Dan Inouye and Ted Stevens. One was a good Re-publican, and one was a good Demo-crat. They worked arm in arm on issues that made our country a better country. They would never ever con-sider such a thing. If they were here today, they would be on this floor de-manding: What is going on here? One of these two men was a ranking member of the defense appropriations com-mittee that funds the military. These two men worked together on that sub-committee for more than a decade, and they worked together. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:05 Mar 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09MR6.001 S09MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1325 March 9, 2015 
My judgment is clouded by the people 
I have worked with here who would never consider anything like this. 
Mr. DURBIN. I will ask the Senator 
from Nevada a further question. Didn’t we also have a similar precedent when Senator M
CCAIN and Senator Kerry 
were leaders in an effort to finally es-tablish diplomatic recognition of Viet-nam and normalize relations? This was a bipartisan effort to try to move us beyond a painful chapter in our history which cost so many American lives. That, too, was bipartisan, as I recall. 
Mr. REID. And if anyone should have 
some ill feelings about Vietnam, J
OHN 
MCCAIN, who came to the House of Rep-
resentatives with the Senator and me, was in a prison camp for 5 years and 4 of those years were in solitary confine-ment. John Kerry was shot, was wounded—highly decorated, but he had a little beef with the Vietnamese. And they worked together because they thought it would be good for our coun-try to reestablish relations with that country. 
So my mind is—I repeat—clouded 
with the experience I have in this body with leaders such as Mark Hatfield, a Republican, who would never ever con-sider anything like this. 
I am dumbfounded that 47 of my col-
leagues would sign a letter. Last week they were over here, as I said, jumping up and down and cheering the Prime Minister of Israel because he was deni-grating what was going on in Iran—you can’t negotiate with these people—and now they are sending a letter to the same people whom they were cheering against just a week ago? 
Would the Chair announce the busi-
ness of the day. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME 
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-
pore. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS 
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-
pore. Under the previous order, the Senate will be in a period of morning business until 5 p.m., with the time equally divided in the usual form, and with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. 
The assistant Democratic leader. 
f 
FIFTIETH ANNIVERSARY OF 
BLOODY SUNDAY 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, last Sat-
urday marked the 50th anniversary of what has come to be known as Bloody Sunday. In March of 1965, Congressman J
OHN LEWIS, then a young man fresh 
out of college, and Rev. Hosea Williams led 600 brave civil rights activists across the Edmund Pettus Bridge in Selma, AL. 
These courageous men and women, 
and children marching with them, were marching in pursuit of the most funda-mental right—the right preservative of 
all others—the right to vote. What they received that day, however, were brutal beatings from police batons as State troopers turned them back and chased them down. 
A few days later, President Lyndon 
B. Johnson addressed the Nation and called on Congress to pass the Voting Rights Act. Within months, the legisla-tion was signed into law—guaranteeing that the fundamental right to vote would not be restricted through clever State and local schemes, such as poll taxes and literacy tests. 
I was proud to join Congressman 
L
EWIS on a trip to Selma about 10 years 
ago for a ceremonial walk across the bridge to mark the 40th anniversary of Bloody Sunday. As we marched on a Sunday morning in the footsteps of the civil rights giants, we celebrated a bill that has often been called the most sig-nificant civil rights law ever passed by Congress. Little did we know that 8 years later, in 2013, the Supreme Court would strike down a major provision of that law. 
In Shelby County v. Holder, by a 5- 
to-4 vote, a divided Supreme Court struck down the provision of the Vot-ing Rights Act that required certain jurisdictions to preclear changes to their voting laws with the Department of Justice. The decision effectively gut-ted the Voting Rights Act. 
In the aftermath of the Shelby Coun-
ty decision, several State legislatures pushed through discriminatory and on-erous restrictions on voting that pre-viously would have required Depart-ment of Justice clearance. 
We have heard disturbing stories of a 
93-year-old veteran and a nearly 70- year-old doctor who were turned away from the polls in Texas because their IDs did not meet the specifications of an onerous new State law. We heard about Florida’s faulty voter verifica-tion efforts that disproportionately flag Hispanic citizens for removal from the voter rolls. And we have heard how the elimination of out-of-precinct vot-ing and cuts to early voting impacted minority voters in North Carolina. 
It is hard to believe that 50 years 
after Selma, we are watching State leg-islatures pass legislation restricting opportunities to vote in America. None of us want to subscribe or endorse voter fraud—not a person on either side of the aisle—but this goes far beyond it. 
As chairman of the Judiciary sub-
committee on the Constitution, I held hearings in Florida and Ohio, where they were enacting restrictive laws to limit opportunities to vote—limiting the time you can vote, requiring IDs. 
In each of those States, I called as 
my first witnesses elected officials of both political parties. I asked, in both States, the same question to the first panel of witnesses: What has happened in your State by way of voter fraud 
that has led you to restrict the oppor-tunity to vote in your States of Ohio and Florida? The answer was: Noth-ing—nothing. Then we discussed how many people 
have actually been prosecuted for voter fraud that led to this tightening of the laws and limiting the opportunity to vote. In Ohio, the answer was: We think in the last 10 years, a few people might have been prosecuted. This clearly was not a problem in need of a solution. This was clearly an effort made in these State legislatures to re-strict the opportunity to vote for cer-tain Americans. Why? If you believe in this country, if you believe in democ-racy, if you believe in the right to vote, why do so many State legislatures— under the guidance of a group called ALEC—why are they changing their laws to restrict the right to vote? Clearly it is because they want certain people to find it more difficult to vote. 
When I chaired this subcommittee 
and I had this series of hearings, we heard over and over again that these laws have a disproportionate negative impact on lower income individuals, minorities, youth, elderly, and other vulnerable populations. 
I wish that 50 years after Bloody Sun-
day, our society had reached a point where the protections of the Voting Rights Act were no longer necessary. But we have seen in State after State that we still need the protections of the law, or people—good American citi-zens—will be denied their opportunity to cast a vote in an election. 
So in order to truly honor the foot 
soldiers of Bloody Sunday, we have to do more than vote for congressional medals. We have to work together to pass the Voting Rights Amendment Act to ensure the Federal Government is once again able to fully protect the fundamental right to vote for all Amer-ican citizens. 
The Voting Rights Amendment Act, 
which Senator L
EAHY , Senator C OONS , 
and I plan to reintroduce soon, will undo the damage of the Shelby County decision. Our bill will restore the Vot-ing Rights Act by updating the formula that determines which jurisdictions must preclear changes to their voting practices with the Justice Department. 
In 2006, Congress reauthorized the 
Voting Rights Act with an over-whelming bipartisan vote. The spirit of Bloody Sunday—the spirit of Selma, AL—was alive and well 9 years ago, when both political parties stood up and said: We are both going to endorse it. It is the right thing to do. 
Mr. President, 390 Members in the 
House out of 435 voted for it, and 98 Senators—from both political parties— voted to reauthorize it, 9 years ago. Congress, after all the hearings—21 of them—with more than 90 witnesses tes-tifying, produced a record that exceed-ed 15,000 pages, and the bill was solid in the law. 
We recognized then that despite the 
progress we have made in the years since that famous march, there still was unlawful and unfair discrimination against Americans who wanted to exer-cise their right to vote. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:05 Mar 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09MR6.002 S09MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1326 March 9, 2015 
The Supreme Court ignored our 
work, and in the Shelby County deci-sion overturned a key section of this law. That is why we need to once again step up on a bipartisan basis to pass this Voting Rights Amendment Act. 
f 
LYNCH NOMINATION 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I might 
also reflect on that victory 50 years ago and think about another civil rights milestone that we have an op-portunity to act on this week—this week—in Washington. 
Two weeks ago, the Judiciary Com-
mittee favorably reported the nomina-tion of Loretta Lynch to the full Sen-ate. If confirmed by the Senate, Ms. Lynch will become the first African- American woman to serve as Attorney General of the United States. 
In January, she gave moving testi-
mony to the committee about sitting on her father’s shoulders as a young girl so she could witness civil rights ac-tivists planning sit-ins and marches in the early 1960s. 
Ms. Lynch is incredible. She is so 
well qualified that in the course of 2 days of hearings, there was virtually no negative question asked of her. She handled it so well. 
She has now waited 121 days for con-
firmation by the Senate. Loretta Lynch has waited longer than any nominee for Attorney General in the last 30 years. She languishes on the calendar. It is embarrassing to think that after all of the speeches and all of the reflection of this last weekend on the progress we have made in civil rights in America, this woman, whose nomination in and of itself is a civil rights victory, is being held up in the Senate for no obvious reason. 
As Congressman L
EWIS said in a re-
cent letter to the Judiciary Com-mittee, Ms. Lynch ‘‘recognizes the value of all people and has fought vig-orously to ensure their equal protec-tion under the law.’’ J
OHNLEWIS said: 
‘‘She will carry the torch of justice to help make the United States a more perfect union.’’ 
Mr. President, we are not a perfect 
union. We will strive throughout our history to reach that almost impos-sible goal. There is a lot of work we need to do, and each generation must accept it. First we need to confirm Lo-retta Lynch, and let’s do it soon. Let’s do it this week so she can lead the De-partment of Justice and continue the fight to move our Nation forward. And we must restore the Voting Rights Act so the Justice Department has the tools it needs to ensure the efforts of those who marched 50 years ago. 
As I said before, no other Attorney 
General nominee in the last three dec-ades has had to wait this long to re-ceive a confirmation vote on the floor of the Senate. By way of comparison, the Democratic-controlled Senate con-firmed Michael Mukasey as Attorney General 53 days after his nomination was announced. Ms. Lynch was reported out of the 
Judiciary Committee on February 26 in a bipartisan vote. On that day, the Ju-diciary Committee also reported out the nomination of Michelle Lee to be Director of the Patent and Trademark Office as well as a bill called the Jus-tice for Victims of Trafficking Act. 
The majority leader has scheduled a 
vote on Ms. Lee for today, and he has said the Senate will vote this week on the trafficking legislation. Why is Ms. Lynch’s nomination being kept in limbo while these other matters are being scheduled ahead of her? There is no reason to stall the process for Ms. Lynch any further. The majority lead-er should schedule a confirmation vote without delay. 
When we have that confirmation 
vote, I will be proud to vote in support of Loretta Lynch. She is a nominee of outstanding qualifications, integrity, and judgment. She has been confirmed twice before by the Senate to serve as the U.S. Attorney for the Eastern Dis-trict of New York, and she has served in that position with distinction. She has prosecuted some of the highest pro-file cases in the country, and she has received widespread praise for her dili-gence and her no-nonsense approach. 
Ms. Lynch is a prosecutor’s pros-
ecutor. But her resume stands out for other reasons as well. She received un-dergraduate and law degrees from Har-vard. She has private sector experience at prestigious law firms, including working as a defense attorney and on civil matters. And she has inter-national experience working for the U.N. International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda. 
Through it all, Ms. Lynch has never 
forgotten her roots, growing up as the daughter of a minister and a school li-brarian in North Carolina. Loretta Lynch’s life is a testament to the fact that in America, glass ceilings can be shattered through hard work, persever-ance, and outstanding performance on the job. Now the Senate is in the posi-tion to confirm this historic nominee to serve as our next Attorney Gen-eral—once her floor vote gets sched-uled. 
I think Ms. Lynch will do an excel-
lent job. But don’t take it from me. Let me read some of the praise for Ms. Lynch that has come from individuals and groups that have endorsed her. 
Here is what the president of the Na-
tional District Attorneys Association, Michael Moore, said about her: 
On behalf of the National District Attor-
neys Association, representing 2500 elected and appointed District Attorneys across the United States as well as 40,000 assistant dis-trict attorneys, I write in strong support of Loretta Lynch’s nomination to lead the De-partment of Justice as the next Attorney General of the United States. As prosecutors facing challenges in the field from violent crime, to human trafficking, to gangs and drug traffickers, our membership feels that Ms. Lynch understands the operational na-ture of these challenges and will be a strong independent voice at the helm of the Depart-ment. Here is a letter signed by 25 former 
U.S. attorneys, both Republicans and Democrats, including Patrick Fitz-gerald and Scott Lassar from my home State of Illinois. They said: 
We are all former United States Attorneys. 
Some of us served in Republican administra-tions, some in Democratic administrations. We all share a deep commitment to the rule of law and an abiding respect for the Depart-ment of Justice. . . . We firmly believe that Ms. Lynch will make an outstanding Attor-ney General. . . . we believe that Ms. Lynch has the experience, temperament, independ-ence, integrity, and judgment to imme-diately assume this critically important po-sition. 
Law enforcement groups support Ms. 
Lynch, too. Here’s a letter from the President of the International Associa-tion of Chiefs of Police, Richard Beary. He said: 
The IACP believes that Ms. Lynch’s years 
of service have clearly demonstrated that she has the qualifications and experience necessary to be an effective leader of the U.S. Department of Justice . . . The IACP urges you to confirm Ms. Lynch’s nomina-tion rapidly. 
Here is a letter from the president of 
the Federal Law Enforcement Officers Association, representing 26,000 active and retired federal law enforcement of-ficers. He expressed his full support for Ms. Lynch and said: 
FLEOA stands behind her proven leader-
ship and her support for those who inves-tigate and enforce the federal statutes. . . . Her accomplishments and her leadership continue to resonate in the law enforcement community, and she possesses the requisite institutional knowledge that is required of the position of Attorney General. 
These are just some of the endorse-
ments that Ms. Lynch has received. She has also been endorsed by other prosecutor and law enforcement groups, bar associations, business lead-ers, civil rights organizations, and former top Justice Department offi-cials from both parties. 
As I mentioned earlier, this past 
weekend marked the 50th Anniversary of Bloody Sunday when 600 civil rights marchers were beaten on the Edmund Pettus Bridge in Selma, AL. Our Na-tion’s conscience was shocked by the image of J
OHNLEWIS, now a Congress-
man from the State of Georgia, being beaten and badly injured on Bloody Sunday by troopers with nightsticks. 
J
OHNLEWIS has spent his life march-
ing for the cause of justice. He speaks with a voice of moral authority that all of us should heed. Several weeks ago Congressman L
EWIS sent a letter to 
the Judiciary Committee in support of Ms. Lynch. 
I want to read an extended excerpt 
from the letter I mentioned earlier. Congressman L
EWIS said: 
With over 30 years of legal experience, Ms. 
Lynch is unwavering in her efforts to create a more just society. A Harvard graduate with an extensive career in public service, private practice, and academia, she recog-nizes the value of all people and has fought vigorously to ensure their equal protection under the law. 
She will carry the torch of justice to help 
make the United States a more perfect 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:05 Mar 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09MR6.009 S09MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1327 March 9, 2015 
union. Ms. Lynch’s commitment to civil 
rights stems from her family’s roots in North Carolina. Her father, a Baptist min-ister, preached at a church where students would meet to organize anti-segregation boy-cotts. Her grandfather, a sharecropper and pastor in the 1930s, helped people in his com-munity who faced challenges under the Jim Crow system. 
I will never forget Loretta Lynch’s 
description of her father raising her onto his shoulders so she could witness the civil rights protestors in his church. The fact that this young girl could be the first African-American woman to serve as our Nation’s Attor-ney General is another milestone on our Nation’s long, slow march to estab-lish a ‘‘more perfect union.’’ 
The bottom line is this: Loretta 
Lynch is extraordinarily well-qualified to serve as Attorney General. She has been extensively vetted, and she has performed admirably while in the spot-light of that process. And Members of the Senate have had plenty of time to review her qualifications. 
It is time to move forward and hold a 
vote on Ms. Lynch. There is nothing to be gained by further delay. I hope the majority leader, Senator M
CCONNELL , 
will call her nomination for a vote and I hope all my colleagues will support this outstanding nominee. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-
pore. The clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. CORNYN. Madam President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
f 
HUMAN TRAFFICKING 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. 
ERNST ). Without objection, it is so or-
dered. 
Mr. CORNYN. Madam President, we 
spend a lot of time, as one would ex-pect in a legislative body, talking about the technical aspects of legisla-tion and the procedure we use to con-sider it and pass it, a subject which perhaps many of us enjoy but which probably turns the public—puts a glaze in their eyes and bores them because they don’t see the relevance of it. 
We talk about motions to proceed 
and cloture and filibusters, but what is important in the Senate is the subject matter of the legislation that we apply this procedure or these rules to. This week in the Senate we will be under-taking a very important subject; that is, how to protect our fellow citizens, many of them children, who are need-ing our help and waiting to be rescued. Those are children who are being traf-ficked in the commercial sex and forced-labor trade—not over there, not necessarily just in some other country, but right here in the United States of America. 
I believe that we are all created in 
the image of God, that all human beings are entitled to be treated with dignity and respect. But the criminals who traffic in human flesh treat these 
same human beings created in the image of God as a thing. They treat these children as a commodity to be bought and sold. To me that is the very definition of evil. A few weeks ago the Judiciary Committee heard from sev-eral witnesses on what has been called modern day slavery—human traf-ficking. 
I know many of us thought that slav-
ery was an ugly part of our Nation’s be-ginning but certainly only something in the past. But the truth is that there exists today something that you could legitimately call modern day slavery, and that is human trafficking. Now, even though institutionalized slavery has long been cast into the dustbin of history and is something we read about in our history books, human traf-ficking, particularly sex trafficking, still affects the lives of hundreds and thousands of our children. 
Tragically, many of them are young 
girls. As the father of two daughters, it turns my stomach to realize that a ma-jority of the human beings who are trafficked are girls who are of middle- school age. In the Judiciary Com-mittee, we heard from Malika Saada Saar who represents a wonderful orga-nization called Rights4Girls. 
Malika spoke of a young woman 
named Aviva. According to Malika, Aviva was in foster care when a traf-ficker kidnapped her and held her hos-tage for almost a year. During this time, we learned in the Judiciary Com-mittee during that hearing, Aviva was sold to as many as 10 different men a night. Of course, she did not under-stand. She could not comprehend why an adult man would want to buy her body when she was just a child. 
When law enforcement officials found 
Aviva, she was arrested for prostitu-tion at the age of 15. Let me repeat that because it is important. This young girl who was kidnapped, raped, and sold nightly—daily—was treated like a criminal, not a victim. In 1992 Holly Austin Smith ran away from home and was forced into a sex traf-ficking ring the summer before her freshman year of high school. 
Within hours of running away, 14- 
year old Holly was sold for $200 to a man who wanted her for sex because he said she reminded him of his grand-daughter. When police eventually found Holly—still only a child, scared and confused, as you can only imag-ine—they treated her as a criminal, not as a victim. Too often these children, who are not of the age of consent, are treated as child prostitutes. 
As many of us who have worked on 
this issue for some time know, there is no such thing as a child prostitute. If you are not of the age of consent, you cannot consent, and you cannot agree to be used in such a horrific way. These are children who are bought and sold for sex—plain and simple—as nause-ating as that truth is. Malika power-fully said during our hearing: ‘‘There should be no difference between raping a child and paying to rape a child.’’ 
Now, the individuals who commit these crimes—not just the people who traffic in them but the people who purchase these services—too often pay a fine and get on with their lives. Yet they are the child rapists who should be treated as the sex traffickers they are. 
If it were not for the demand, sex 
trafficking would not have a business model. But unfortunately, there is too great of a demand. But often the people who purchase these children are treat-ed with impunity. Tomorrow, I expect the Senate will move to consider legis-lation that I have introduced with a number of our colleagues from Min-nesota, Illinois, and Oregon. Indeed, there are a number of Senators who have already contributed a lot of very good and constructive work to the product we will turn to tomorrow. 
The bill is called the Justice for Vic-
tims of Trafficking Act. The most im-portant thing that it does is that it ends the culture of impunity for the people who purchase children and other victims of human trafficking. It holds the so-called johns and the pimps ac-countable, and it does not focus on the victim who should be treated like a victim and helped to heal and get on with their lives. But too often they are the ones who are prosecuted and treat-ed as a criminal. 
Instead of being treated as criminals, 
this bill makes sure that the future Avivas and Hollys are treated for what they are, and that is as victims. What this bill also does is it takes the money and assets forfeited from convicted human traffickers and directs it to services for the victims. So future Avivas and Hollys would have a shel-ter, a place to live, a roof over their head, a bed to sleep in, and somebody who loves them and cares enough to help them heal and get on with their lives. That is the kind of treatment these victims of human trafficking de-serve—not jail time. 
We know that Washington can be a 
dysfunctional place more times than we would like to admit. So often there are political issues or ideological issues that divide us. But the fight against human trafficking reminds us that it does not have to be this way. Indeed, I was heartened a few weeks ago when this particular piece of legislation passed the Judiciary Committee with unanimous support. All Republicans and all Democrats on the committee voted to support it. 
Indeed, Republicans and Democrats— 
not just in Congress but across the country—support this legislation, as evidenced by the more than 200 dif-ferent organizations, from victims’ ad-vocates to law enforcement groups, which have joined forces to fight this modern day slave trade and to support the legislation we will turn to tomor-row. It is a fight, sadly, that must be acknowledged and it must be fought. But it is a fight we can win, finally de-livering our Nation’s promise of free-dom to those who are enslaved. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:05 Mar 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09MR6.010 S09MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1328 March 9, 2015 
It is not the kind of slavery we read 
about in our history books or the kind that resulted or helped precipitate the Civil War, but it is the kind that goes on unbeknownst to most Americans and most people but which represents that seamy underbelly of society, one that we must expose and one we must reveal as the evil that it is. 
f 
OFFICE OF COMPLIANCE ADMINIS-
TRATIVE AND TECHNICAL COR-RECTIONS ACT OF 2015 
Mr. CORNYN. Madam President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of H.R. 1213, which was received from the House. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will read the bill by title. 
The bill clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 1213) to make administrative 
and technical corrections to the Congres-sional Accountability Act of 1995. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the bill. 
Mr. CORNYN. Madam President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the bill be read a third time and passed, the mo-tion to reconsider be laid upon the table, and any statements relating to the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The bill (H.R. 1213) was ordered to a 
third reading, was read the third time, and passed. 
Mr. CORNYN. Madam President, I 
yield the floor, and I suggest the ab-sence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The bill clerk proceeded to call the 
roll. 
Mr. LEAHY. Madam President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. LEAHY. Madam President, what 
is the parliamentary situation? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ate is in morning business until 5 p.m. 
Mr. LEAHY. I thank the Chair. 
f 
FIFTIETH ANNIVERSARY OF 
BLOODY SUNDAY 
Mr. LEAHY. Madam President, this 
past weekend, Americans gathered in Selma, Alabama. They did that to mark the 50th anniversary of Bloody Sunday. Many of us are old enough to remember that day when hundreds of brave men and women marched across the Edmund Pettus Bridge. There, they were savagely beaten because they dared to stand up for their right to vote—a right that we in Vermont take as inalienable. Their blood, their sweat, and their tears helped pave the way for the Voting Rights Act. They ultimately helped move our Nation to-ward what is supposed to be a ‘‘more perfect Union.’’ 
In commemorating the bravery of 
these foot soldiers for justice, we are reminded of what we can accomplish if 
we stand on principle and we come to-gether, Republicans and Democrats, to do what is right. At a time when law-makers seem far too polarized on the most important issues facing our Na-tion, I was encouraged to see leaders from both political parties join Presi-dent Obama and Congressman L
EWIS, 
and so many others this weekend in Selma. President George W. Bush shared the stage with President Obama to honor the brave men and women who inspired the Nation and helped bring about historic change. 
I was proud to work with President 
Bush on the reauthorization of the Voting Rights Act, along with the Re-publican Chairmen of the House and Senate Judiciary Committees, Con-gressman S
ENSENBRENNER and Senator 
Specter. We can see them on each side of President Bush in this picture of the bill signing. We can see Congressman S
ENSENBRENNER standing there and the 
late Senator Specter standing there. I was standing over here with my cam-era as one of the people who helped move the bill through. President Bush had invited me to attend and I took this photograph at the signing cere-mony. I am going to give this photo-graph to President Bush because it is the only photograph where we can ac-tually see his hand and his signature going down. That is because I was the only person with a camera, standing behind the President. I don’t say that to praise my photographic ability; I say that to praise President Bush for signing the bill. 
In response to the Supreme Court’s 
Shelby County decision—a decision where five members of the Supreme Court decided they had a far better idea than virtually all House Members and Senators—I have been working with Congressman S
ENSENBRENNER on 
bipartisan legislation that would re-store the Voting Rights Act. This is so that President Obama can sign a bill as President Bush did. Unfortunately, no Republican Senator has yet stepped forward to join me in introducing this legislation in the Senate. 
The Republican Party of 2006, along 
with their President, reached across the aisle to advance the cause of voting rights, saying they were not there for any particular party, they were there for all Americans. I am still hopeful the Republican Senate of 2015 will con-tinue the bipartisan tradition that President Bush and Republican leaders did in 2006. 
The civil rights milestones we cele-
brate this month can’t be just histor-ical discussions to be talked about in a history class somewhere. The plain re-ality is that racial discrimination in voting still exists in this country. Chief Justice Roberts acknowledged that very fact in his opinion in Shelby, and he asked Congress to update the Voting Rights Act. I wish we had not had the Shelby decision—I think it was wrong on many counts—but the major-ity in the Supreme Court voted that way. I agree with the Chief Justice 
that it is time for us in the Congress— Republicans and Democrats alike—to act. 
In his inspirational speech in Selma 
on Saturday, President Obama noted that 100 Members of Congress had come to Selma to honor people who died for the right to vote. He then laid out a challenge by saying, ‘‘If we want to honor this day, let that hundred go back to Washington and gather 400 more, and together, pledge to make it their mission to restore the Voting Rights Act this year. That’s how we honor those people on this bridge.’’ 
I agree with him. We should come to-
gether, as this body has done so many times before, to restore the Voting Rights Act and to reaffirm our stead-fast commitment to equal protection under the law. 
f 
LYNCH NOMINATION 
Mr. LEAHY. Madam President, 
today, in that same spirit, I urge all Senators to come together to confirm Loretta Lynch to be our next Attorney General and the first African-American woman ever to hold this position. The delay of her confirmation is unprece-dented and unwarranted. It should end. 
It has been 121 days since President 
Obama announced his intention to nominate Ms. Lynch. Her nomination was reported by the Judiciary Com-mittee on a bipartisan basis 11 days ago. In the last 30 years, no Attorney General nominee has waited longer than Loretta Lynch to receive a floor vote after being reported from com-mittee. 
I think of what we did when Presi-
dent Bush was in the last 2 years of his Presidency. Democrats had just taken back the majority in the Senate. He nominated a person for Attorney Gen-eral—actually a person I voted against—but I moved that person for-ward anyway because I felt the Presi-dent of the United States deserved to have an Attorney General. I moved that person through in half the time we have had to wait for Loretta Lynch. 
Ms. Lynch has broad support from 
Democrats and Republicans across the legal and law enforcement commu-nities. So there is no excuse. She shouldn’t be treated differently than previous nominees. Actually, she should receive a vote tonight, along with the other nominees who are to be confirmed. She should not be treated 
any differently than President Bush’s nominee. 
So in the wake of the bipartisan and 
inspirational celebration in Selma, let us come together to honor the difficult work of the Justice Department. Let’s schedule a vote to confirm the first Af-rican-American woman to serve as At-torney General of the United States. Let us show the American people what we can do when we come together. Let us finally vote to confirm Loretta Lynch. 
I see the majority leader on the floor. 
I don’t want to take his time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:05 Mar 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09MR6.005 S09MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1329 March 9, 2015 
I yield the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-
jority leader. 
f 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT 
AGREEMENT—S. 178 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Madam President, 
I ask unanimous consent that fol-lowing morning business on Tuesday, March 10, the Senate proceed to the consideration of S. 178, a bill to provide justice for the victims of trafficking. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I suggest the ab-
sence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
AS-
SIDY). Without objection, it is so or-
dered. 
f 
LYNCH NOMINATION 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, a few 
minutes ago I was talking about why I had hoped that after 121 days we could finally have a vote on the confirmation of Loretta Lynch to be Attorney Gen-eral. She has been supported by leading Republicans and Democrats. She has been supported by Republicans and Democrats in law enforcement, espe-cially in light of her very tough en-forcement of terrorism laws. On the issue of abuse of public trust, she has prosecuted both Democrats and Repub-licans. 
I mentioned a few minutes ago that 
when George W. Bush was in the last two years of his term, he was a lame-duck President and Democrats had just taken over control of the Senate. The President nominated Judge Mukasey to be Attorney General. Because I dis-agreed with Judge Mukasey on the question of torture, I told the Presi-dent I would vote against him, but I also told him that any President has a right to at least have a vote on their nominees. I moved him forward in 53 days—that is from the time his nomi-nation was announced until he was confirmed. And that includes the time it took for the paperwork to get up here and the rest of the process. I put him through the committee, got him onto the floor, and he was confirmed in 53 days. 
Now we have been waiting 121 days 
for Loretta Lynch, who came to the Judiciary Committee with far more law enforcement background. I don’t know what the difference is between this man, Judge Mukasey, who took 53 days and Loretta Lynch. 
In fact, I will give you another Attor-
ney General nominee I also disagreed with and voted against, but who I, as chairman, helped bring to a vote. President Bush nominated John Ashcroft—a former Senator who had 
just been defeated—to be Attorney General. I put him through in 42 days— 42 days from the time his nomination was announced until he was confirmed. Forty-two days. 
So Ashcroft went through in 42 days. 
Judge Mukasey went through in 53 days. Loretta Lynch has waited 121 days. 
I was involved with the nominations 
of these two men even though I dis-agreed with them. When Republicans took back control of the Senate there was another Attorney General in be-tween who took 86 days. But for the two men when I was Chairman: 42 days for John Ashcroft; 53 days for Judge Mukasey. But Loretta Lynch has been waiting 121 days and still hasn’t had a vote. Is it any wonder that people have concern about the U.S. Senate when she has to wait all that time just to get a vote up or down? Up or down, that is all we ask. So let’s hope she can be scheduled, voted on and confirmed be-cause with her record as a tough pros-ecutor, that is the sort of person I would like cracking down on terrorists, cracking down on those who defraud this country, cracking down on traf-fickers, as she has in the past. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. LEAHY. I ask unanimous con-
sent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING 
BUSINESS 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Morning 
business is closed. EXECUTIVE SESSION 
NOMINATION OF DANIEL HENRY 
MARTI TO BE INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY ENFORCEMENT COOR-DINATOR, EXECUTIVE OFFICE OF THE PRESIDENT 
NOMINATION OF MICHELLE K. LEE 
TO BE UNDER SECRETARY OF COMMERCE FOR INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY AND DIRECTOR OF THE UNITED STATES PATENT AND TRADEMARK OFFICE 
NOMINATION OF JEFFERY S. HALL 
TO BE A MEMBER OF THE FARM CREDIT ADMINISTRATION BOARD, FARM CREDIT ADMINIS-TRATION 
NOMINATION OF DALLAS P. 
TONSAGER TO BE A MEMBER OF THE FARM CREDIT ADMINISTRA-TION BOARD, FARM CREDIT AD-MINISTRATION 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will pro-ceed to executive session to consider the following nominations, which the clerk will report. 
The legislative clerk read the nomi-
nations of Daniel Henry Marti, of Vir-ginia, to be Intellectual Property En-forcement Coordinator, Executive Of-fice of the President; Michelle K. Lee, of California, to be Under Secretary of Commerce for Intellectual Property and Director of the United States Pat-ent and Trademark Office; Jeffery S. Hall, of Kentucky, to be a Member of the Farm Credit Administration Board, Farm Credit Administration, for a term expiring October 13, 2018; and Dal-las P. Tonsager, of South Dakota, to be a Member of the Farm Credit Adminis-tration Board, Farm Credit Adminis-tration, for a term expiring May 21, 2020. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Vermont. 
Mr. LEAHY. I ask unanimous con-
sent that the time until 5:30 p.m. be equally divided in the usual form, with all other provisions of the previous order remaining in effect. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, I under-
stand, for the information of Senators, that means the vote will still be at 5:30 p.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator is correct. 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, I suggest 
the absence of a quorum and ask unani-mous consent that the time be equally divided. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. VITTER. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:05 Mar 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09MR6.011 S09MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1330 March 9, 2015 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
LEE AND MARTI NOMINATIONS  
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, I wel-
come the Senate’s action today to con-firm two well-regarded practitioners to important leadership positions charged with protecting and promoting intel-lectual property. 
Michelle Lee, who is nominated to 
serve as the Director of the Patent and Trademark Office, USPTO, will be the first woman and first Asian Pacific American to hold this position. She is also the daughter of immigrants who moved to this country and contributed 
to the growth of Silicon Valley through her father’s career as an elec-trical engineer. Her historic nomina-tion is an American success story, and it is fitting that she is confirmed today to lead the office that is home to countless stories of successful innova-tion and creation by Americans throughout the country. 
The USPTO has been without a Sen-
ate-confirmed director for more than 2 years, which is far too long for an of-fice that is so important to our Na-tion’s innovators and to our economy. Close to 600,000 patent applications and 450,000 trademark class applications are filed with the office each year. By serving America’s innovators, the USPTO helps Vermonters and citizens across the country build their busi-nesses and bring their inventions to the global marketplace. 
Ms. Lee is charged with leading this 
office at a time when too many bad ac-tors are abusing the patent system. Something must be done to address misconduct by bad actors who are tar-geting everyone from small businesses in Vermont to larger companies that are crucial to our economy. Congress plays an important role in this discus-sion, and as I have said for the last 2 years, we must enact balanced reforms to ensure the patent system can thrive. While that discussion continues in Con-gress, the USPTO Director must ensure the policies we currently have in place work for the diverse patent commu-nity. 
Among those policies is carrying out 
the landmark reforms in the Leahy- Smith America Invents Act, the great-est transformation to our patent sys-tem in over 60 years. This landmark law has helped simplify the process for patent approval, reduce backlogs at the USPTO, and harmonize our patent sys-tem with the rest of the world. The AIA sought to improve patent quality by creating new and more efficient ad-ministrative proceedings at the USPTO. Three years later, the USPTO has now received over 2,000 petitions for post-grant review. These measures are important to help businesses that fall into the crosshairs of overbroad patents. But improving the quality of patents also improves their value for inventors and investors, too. The USPTO is doing tremendous work to implement these new programs under Ms. Lee’s current leadership as Deputy Director of the office. Because of the 
AIA, there are now four satellite of-fices around the country to make the USPTO more accessible to inventors and small businesses. The USPTO has strengthened its pro bono program and used its fee-setting authority created by the AIA to gain better financial independence. 
These are profound improvements, 
but strong leadership at the USPTO is needed to ensure the America Invents Act helps our patent system to thrive in the 21st century. As the USPTO’s Deputy Director, Ms. Lee has proven to be thoughtful, balanced, and respectful of the diverse perspectives across the patent community. I look forward to continuing the Judiciary Committee’s productive relationship with Ms. Lee and with the USPTO. 
I also welcome the Senate’s action 
today to confirm Daniel Marti as the second Intellectual Property Enforce-ment Coordinator, or ‘‘IPEC.’’ The IPEC was created by legislation I au-thored in 2008, the PRO–IP Act, which passed the Senate with unanimous sup-port. In creating this position, our goal was to take a comprehensive approach to intellectual property enforcement within the U.S. government, to ensure that law enforcement has the tools it needs, and that agencies are working together efficiently. The first IPEC, Victoria Espinel, built a strong record in this position, and I am confident Mr. Marti will do well continuing this im-portant work. 
The protection of intellectual prop-
erty is important to our Nation’s cre-ators, artists, inventors, and businesses alike. Whether one is a filmmaker whose work is being copied and distrib-uted online without permission, or a family-owned business in Vermont that discovers knock-off copies of its prod-ucts being sold at half the price, intel-lectual property theft harms innovators across the country. It also harms consumers, as we have learned from the repeated, devastating stories of victims who inadvertently purchased counterfeit medicines or other prod-ucts not knowing they were of dan-gerously low quality. 
The IPEC plays an important role co-
ordinating law enforcement and indus-try efforts to address these pressing issues. Nowhere is this work more im-portant than in addressing counter-feiting and infringement in the online world—a complex, global problem that requires creative, thoughtful solutions. Just last month, leading advertising networks announced a new initiative to help ensure that they avoid inad-vertently supporting websites that serve no legitimate purpose other than to traffic in stolen content and prop-erty. Search engines have now ac-knowledged that they, too, have a re-sponsibility to help address illegal ac-tivity online. I hope Mr. Marti will renew the IPEC’s work to support and encourage these voluntary initiatives, and will continue these efforts with other actors who drive so much of the online economy. Every business that 
operates in the Internet ecosystem has a role to play. 
Mr. Marti is currently the managing 
partner of the Washington, DC office of Kilpatrick, Townsend & Stockton LLP. A graduate of Georgetown University and Emory University School of Law, he has spent his entire legal career spe-cializing in intellectual property law, with a focus in trademark law and the protection of intellectual property both domestically and internationally. 
I look forward to continuing the Ju-
diciary Committee’s productive rela-tionship with Mr. Marti and the IPEC office. Last year, Senator G
RASSLEY  
and I sent a letter to President Obama urging him to nominate a candidate to fill the IPEC position, which has been vacant for over 18 months. I chaired a confirmation hearing for Mr. Marti in December in the hope that the Senate would move swiftly with his confirma-tion this year. With Mr. Marti’s con-firmation today, the IPEC office can return fully to its important work. 
Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, 
today the Senate will vote on two nominees charged with important re-sponsibilities in the enforcement of our Nation’s intellectual property laws. 
The first is Daniel Marti, who is 
nominated to become Intellectual Property Enforcement Coordinator in the Executive Office of the President. 
The second is Michelle Lee, who is 
nominated to become the next Under Secretary of Commerce for Intellectual Property and Director of the U.S. Pat-ent and Trademark Office. 
The United States is a world leader 
in the innovation of cutting-edge tech-nologies and products that improve our daily lives. Importantly, the United States’ economy, indeed every indus-try, relies heavily on intellectual prop-erty. 
Because intellectual property rights 
are critical to the Nation’s economic well-being, we need strong and capable leaders at the helm of the offices that deal with patents, trademarks and copyrights. And because the top posi-tions at the U.S. Patent and Trade-mark Office and the Office of the Intel-lectual Property Enforcement Coordi-nator have been vacant for quite some time, I am pleased that we are able to fill them today with two highly quali-fied candidates. 
Mr. Marti and Ms. Lee have proven 
track records in the field of intellec-tual property law and are well re-spected by the intellectual property community. 
Their experience and expertise are of 
the caliber required for their respective positions. I believe they are excellent candidates for these positions, and I will support their nominations. 
VOTE ON MARTI NOMINATION  
The question now occurs on the 
Marti nomination. 
Mr. VITTER. I ask for the yeas and 
nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:05 Mar 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09MR6.013 S09MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1331 March 9, 2015 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The question is, Will the Senate ad-
vise and consent to the nomination of Daniel Henry Marti, of Virginia, to be Intellectual Property Enforcement Co-ordinator, Executive Office of the President? 
The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators 
are necessarily absent: the Senator from Indiana (Mr. C
OATS ), the Senator 
from Texas (Mr. C RUZ), the Senator 
from South Carolina (Mr. G RAHAM ), the 
Senator from Alaska (Ms. M URKOWSKI ), 
the Senator from Florida (Mr. R UBIO), 
and the Senator from Pennsylvania (Mr. T
OOMEY ). 
Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the 
Senator from New Mexico (Mr. H EIN-
RICH) and the Senator from New Hamp-
shire (Mrs. S HAHEEN ) are necessarily 
absent. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
LANKFORD ). Are there any other Sen-
ators in the Chamber desiring to vote? 
The result was announced—yeas 92, 
nays 0, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 69 Ex.] 
YEAS—92 
Alexander 
Ayotte Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Booker Boozman Boxer Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Cochran Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Daines Donnelly Durbin Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer 
Flake Franken Gardner Gillibrand Grassley Hatch Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kaine King Kirk Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Lee Manchin Markey McCain McCaskill McConnell Menendez Merkley Mikulski Moran Murphy Murray 
Nelson Paul Perdue Peters Portman Reed Reid Risch Roberts Rounds Sanders Sasse 
Schatz Schumer Scott Sessions Shelby Stabenow Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Udall Vitter Warner Warren Whitehouse Wicker Wyden 
NOT VOTING—8 
Coats 
Cruz Graham Heinrich 
Murkowski Rubio Shaheen 
Toomey 
The nomination was confirmed. 
VOTE ON LEE NOMINATION  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is, Will the Senate advise and consent to the nomination of Michelle K. Lee, of California, to be Under Sec-retary of Commerce for Intellectual Property and Director of the United States Patent and Trademark Office? 
The nomination was confirmed. 
VOTE ON HALL NOMINATION  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is, Will the Senate advise and consent to the nomination of Jeffery S. Hall, of Kentucky, to be a Member of the Farm Credit Administration Board, Farm Credit Administration, for a term expiring October 13, 2018? The nomination was confirmed. 
VOTE ON TONSAGER NOMINATION  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is, Will the Senate advise and consent to the nomination of Dallas P. Tonsager, of South Dakota, to be a Member of the Farm Credit Adminis-tration Board, Farm Credit Adminis-tration, for a term expiring May 21, 2020? 
The nomination was confirmed. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the motions to re-consider are considered made and laid upon the table and the President will be immediately notified of the Senate’s actions. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will re-sume legislation session. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS 
Mr. FLAKE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to a period of morning busi-ness, with Senators permitted to speak for up to 10 minutes each. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. FLAKE. Mr. President, I suggest 
the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The bill clerk proceeded to call the 
roll. 
Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
f 
FIFTIETH ANNIVERSARY OF THE 
SELMA MARCHES 
Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, I rise 
today on the 50th anniversary of the Selma marches and to call on Congress to come together to protect all Ameri-cans’ sacred right to vote. 
In March of 1965, thousands of Ameri-
cans came together in Alabama to march the 54-mile highway from Selma to the State capital of Montgomery. They marched in defiance of the seg-regationist repression in the Jim Crow South. They marched to demand that Black American citizens be allowed to exercise their constitutional right to vote. 
On March 7, 1965, 50 years ago this 
week, some 600 civil rights marchers headed east of Selma on U.S. Route 80. That day, March 7, would go down in history as Bloody Sunday. They got as far as the Edmund Pettus Bridge, 6 blocks away, where State and local law enforcement attacked them with billy clubs and tear gas and drove them back into Selma. 
This photo reflects the scene on the 
bridge where J
OHN LEWIS and others 
were being struck down with batons. Images of peaceful marchers brutally attacked by uniformed State troopers were broadcast worldwide. Seeing how peaceful activists who sought to ensure 
the franchise were treated by the very law enforcement officers sworn to up-hold the law in Selma shocked the con-science of Americans everywhere and began an awakening that would ulti-mately lead to the passage of the 1965 Voting Rights Act. 
Two days later, on March 9, Martin 
Luther King, Jr., led a symbolic march to the same bridge where they were confronted by State troopers. Still awaiting requested Federal protection, and seeking to minimize the risk of ad-ditional violence, Dr. King turned the marchers around and led them back to the church where they had started. 
Dr. King knew the threat of Jim 
Crow had to be stopped by the law, so he sought Federal court protection for a third full-scale march from Selma to the State capital in Montgomery. Rul-ing in favor of the demonstrators, Fed-eral District Court Judge Frank M. Johnson, Jr., wrote: 
The law is clear that the right to petition 
one’s government for the redress of griev-ances may be exercised in large groups . . . and these rights may be exercised by march-ing, even along public highways. 
On Sunday, March 21, 2 weeks after 
Bloody Sunday, approximately 3,200 marchers set out for Montgomery, walking 12 miles a day and sleeping in fields. By the time they reached the capital on Thursday, March 25, they were 25,000 strong. 
As Dr. King said standing in front of 
the capital that day: 
Selma, Alabama became a shining moment 
in the conscience of man. If the worst in American life lurked in its dark streets, the best of American instincts arose passion-ately from across the nation to overcome it. 
Less than 5 months after the last of 
the three marches, President Lyndon Johnson signed the Voting Rights Act of 1965—landmark legislation that fun-damentally transformed voting rights in the United States, particularly in the Jim Crow South. 
As Americans, we all owe a debt of 
gratitude to those who marched, those who bled, and in some cases those who died, to transform the Voting Rights Act from a bill into a reality. 
This past weekend a group of Repub-
lican and Democratic lawmakers trav-eled to Selma, AL, to join President Obama and former President Bush in honoring those brave Americans who worked tirelessly and at great personal cost to secure equal rights for all citi-zens regardless of their race. As our Nation thinks about their tremendous patriotism and sacrifice this month, it is a particularly appropriate time to talk about the role Congress can play in safeguarding the hard-won rights of minority voters by working to restore the integrity of the Voting Rights Act. 
The oath of office that each of us 
takes when we become a Senator is to ‘‘support and defend the Constitu-tion’’—and that means supporting and defending voting rights, which are ex-plicitly enumerated in our U.S. Con-stitution. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Mar 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09MR6.014 S09MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1332 March 9, 2015 
In her dissent in 2013, the Shelby 
County case, Justice Ginsberg high-lighted the legislature’s heightened re-sponsibility where the protection of citizens’ access to polls is a concern, writing that when it is confronting ‘‘the most constitutionally invidious form of discrimination, and the most fundamental right in our democratic system, Congress’s power to act is at its height.’’ 
Well, over the past 50 years Congress 
has indeed acted. We have worked on a bipartisan basis to ensure that our citi-zens do not face discrimination at the polls. 
In 1965, in response to a slew of vio-
lent attacks against civil rights activ-ists, culminating in the attack on peaceful marchers crossing the Ed-mund Pettus Bridge, we passed the Voting Rights Act, a bill that aimed to ‘‘remedy 95 years of pervasive discrimi-nation in voting rights, which [had] re-sulted in the almost complete dis-enfranchisement of minorities in cer-tain areas of the country.’’ That act has been rightfully cited as a ‘‘crown jewel’’ of America’s civil rights laws, and for the past 50 years it has ex-panded minority participation in elec-tions by removing first-generation bar-riers to ballot access, such as literacy tests and poll taxes. Moreover, the law also helped to tackle so-called second- generation barriers to voting, such as voter ID requirements, elimination or curtailment of early voting, voter reg-istration restrictions, and residency re-strictions. 
Since the act was passed in 1965, Con-
gress has again and again reaffirmed its commitment to equality in Federal elections by reauthorizing the law in 1970, 1975, 1982, and most recently in 2006 when we voted to extend it for an-other 25 years. That 2006 vote was not a close one. The bill enjoyed what the press described as ‘‘overwhelming bi-partisan backing,’’ passing the House by a vote of 390 to 33 and by a Senate vote of 98 to 0. That is pretty persua-sive bipartisan backing for taking on the most invidious form of discrimina-tion—discrimination in the right to vote. That vote represented a strong affirmation that equality is not a par-tisan issue. We can and we have worked together to ensure that all Americans are able to participate in our democ-racy by exercising their right to vote. 
Unfortunately, the U.S. Supreme 
Court struck down key provisions of the Voting Rights Act 2 years ago in 2013. So now it is once again Congress’s duty—our duty—to work together to reform the Voting Rights Act. To any-one who doubts the continued need for a robust Voting Rights Act, I submit the following: 
In 2006, while sections 4 and 5 were 
still in effect, the House Judiciary Committee found that the Voting Rights Act was still a critical tool for countering discrimination. The com-mittee observed that ‘‘discrimination today is more subtle than the visible methods used in 1965. However, the ef-fect and results are the same, namely a 
diminishing of the minority commu-nity’s ability to fully participate in the electoral process and to elect their pre-ferred candidates of choice.’’ 
That report further found that ‘‘de-
spite the substantial progress that has been made’’ since the Voting Rights Act was first passed in 1965, ‘‘the evi-dence [of discrimination] before the Committee resemble[d] the evidence before Congress in 1965, and the evi-dence that was present again in 1970, 1975, 1982 and 1992.’’ 
The behavior of various States in the 
aftermath of the 2013 Shelby County ruling highlighted the critical role that sections 4 and 5 played in protecting minority voters. For example, as the Brennan Center for Justice noted on the same day the Supreme Court issued its decision, Texas officials announced it would implement a draconian photo ID law which had been blocked by sec-tion 5 because of its racial impact. Ini-tial estimates suggested that it would impact 600,000 to 800,000 registered vot-ers in Texas who did not have a govern-ment-issued photo ID. 
Texas was not alone. North Carolina 
quickly enacted a series of laws that drastically restricted voters’ access to the polls by imposing a strict photo ID requirement, significantly reducing early voting and limiting the time-frame for voter registration—so three different measures. 
It is particularly telling that North 
Carolina legislators deliberately wait-ed for the Supreme Court to strike down the preclearance requirements of section 5 to propose the legislation, un-derstanding that laws with such a dis-criminatory effect would likely not pass muster under the Voting Rights Act. 
In North Carolina, more than 300,000 
registered voters lacked a DMV-issued ID. Of those, one-third were African American. 
In 2008, the vast majority of African 
Americans—70 percent—who voted in North Carolina voted during the early voting period. So North Carolina’s sig-nificant reduction in early voting was cynically calculated to reduce the turnout of African Americans at the polls. 
These States are not alone. The 
Brennan Center for Justice found that in the aftermath of the Shelby County case, ‘‘at least 10 of the 15 states that had been covered in whole or in part by section 5 introduced new restrictive legislation that would make it harder for minority voters to cast a ballot.’’ 
Simply put, these States’ behavior 
shows that access to our fundamental right—the right of every citizen to be heard through elections—is suffering in the wake of the Shelby County deci-sion. 
We cannot let our civil rights laws 
return to once again being, as Dr. King said before the passage of the Voting Rights Act, mere ‘‘dignity without strength.’’ We owe it to those who sac-rificed before us, who sacrificed to form a more perfect Union, to work to-
gether on a bipartisan basis to restore the Voting Rights Act. 
I stand ready to work with any of my 
colleagues on both sides of the aisle in this esteemed body to make that hap-pen. I hope every Senator feels the same and understands that access to the polls—the right to vote—is the throbbing heart of a democracy, and without that the democracy is deeply damaged. 
Fifty years ago this month, Dr. Mar-
tin Luther King, Jr., said at the foot of the Montgomery capitol: ‘‘The battle is in our hands.’’ Today, in Congress, in the U.S. Senate, the battle is in our hands. It is our responsibility to debate and pass such legislation to protect 
and defend the right to vote for every American. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
REMEMBERING BILLY CASPER 
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, today I 
wish to pay tribute to a hall of fame golfer, a remarkable husband, and a loyal friend—Billy Casper. Last month, Billy passed away peacefully at the age of 83. I know I speak for all who knew him when I say he will be sorely missed. 
Billy Casper was a champion both in 
golf and in life. Between 1956 and 1975, he won 51 tournaments on the PGA tour, including the U.S. Open in 1959 and again in 1966. In 1970, he defeated Gene Litler to capture the Masters in what was the tournament’s last 18-hole playoff. During his long and illustrious career, he claimed many titles, includ-ing five Vardon Trophies for the low- scoring average that year. He was also a member of eight U.S. Ryder Cup teams and still holds the record for the most Ryder Cup points earned by a U.S. team member. He was inducted into the World Golf Hall of Fame in 1978. 
Later in his career, Billy captured 
nine senior PGA tour wins between 1982 and 1989. I am proud that one of these victories came in Jeremy Ranch, UT— the State Billy adopted as his home. 
Billy first came to Utah in 1959 to 
play in the Utah Open. During that week, he and his wife Shirley fell in love with Utah and eventually relo-cated permanently. He was an active member of the Utah golfing commu-nity and was inducted into the Utah Sports Hall of Fame in 2013. 
Since his passing, several profes-
sional golfers have offered tributes in honor of Billy’s memory. Jack Nicklaus, widely considered the great-est golfer of all time, said the following about Billy: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:55 Mar 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09MR6.016 S09MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1333 March 9, 2015 
Billy Casper was one of the greatest family 
men—be it inside the game of golf or out—I have had the fortunate blessing to meet. He had such a wonderful balance to his life. Golf was never the most important thing in Billy’s life—family was. There was always much more to Billy Casper than golf . . . It was not even a year ago, someone asked Billy how he wanted to be remembered, and he said, ‘‘I want to be remembered for how I loved my fellow man.’’ 
Mike Reid, a fellow PGA Tour com-
petitor and Utahn, said the following about Billy: ‘‘He taught by example, that while we strive for excellence in golf, success should never come at the cost of the relationships we hold dear.’’ 
To Billy and his wife Shirley, family 
was always the first priority. They are the proud parents of 11 children, 6 of whom are adopted, and they now have over 70 grandchildren and many great- grandchildren. When his sons were old enough Billy would have them caddie for him on tour so that he could spend that special time with them. He gave freely of himself and spent countless hours in the service of others, both in golf and in church callings. 
Billy Casper was one of the very best 
in his chosen profession, but at the same time, he never let the trappings of the world overshadow what was most important to him—his friends, his faith, and his family. I am profoundly grateful that Elaine and I were able to call Billy and Shirley friends. I will miss Billy Casper dearly, as will all who knew him. May his memory re-mind us all of the importance of kind-ness, charity, love, and optimism. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE FIFTIETH ANNI-
VERSARY OF THE PACIFIC NORTHWEST NATIONAL LABORA-TORY 
Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, today, 
with my colleague Senator C
ANTWELL , 
we commemorate the 50th anniversary of the Pacific Northwest National Lab-oratory, PNNL, a true example of sci-entific excellence located in our home State of Washington. For the past 50 years, PNNL has served as the Depart-ment of Energy’s premier chemistry, environmental sciences, and data ana-lytics national laboratory and has tackled some of our Nation’s most complex and urgent challenges. 
In 1965, Battelle won a contract to 
operate a research and development lab at the Hanford Nuclear Reservation in Washington State. Then known as Pa-cific Northwest Laboratory, its sci-entists provided critical support to plu-tonium production and nuclear waste cleanup at Hanford. Through its com-mitment to excellence and innovation, the lab grew and evolved to serve the ever-changing needs of our Nation. In 1969, the Pacific Northwest Labora-tory’s scientific prowess caught the eye of NASA, which chose the lab to ana-lyze lunar soil samples that were col-lected after landing a man on the Moon. The lab changed its name to the Pacific Northwest National Laboratory in 1995, and in 1997 opened the Environ-mental Molecular Sciences Laboratory. 
This state-of-the-art national scientific user facility provides researchers from around the Nation and the world with experimental instruments, a high-per-formance supercomputer, and special-ized staff allowing them to advance en-ergy and environmental discoveries. 
Today, the lab employs 4,300 people 
at its main Richland campus, the ma-
rine research facility in Sequim, and in satellite offices in Seattle, Tacoma, Portland, and Washington, DC, and conducts $1 billion in research annu-ally for the Department of Energy, De-partment of Homeland Security, Na-tional Institutes of Health, and many more. While it is clear PNNL serves as a cornerstone of the Tri-Cities econ-omy, the dedicated staff are also key leaders in the community. The lab has made it a priority to invest in STEM education, playing an important role as a founding partner in one of Wash-ington State’s first STEM high schools. Delta High School is now educating our next generation of scientists and engi-neers. In higher education, PNNL sup-ported efforts to create a Washington State University branch campus in the region which led to WSU Tri-Cities opening its doors in 1989. I am consist-ently impressed with PNNL’s contribu-tions to the local community. 
Ms. CANTWELL. Mr. President, I 
join my colleague, Senator M
URRAY , in 
commemorating the Pacific Northwest National Laboratory’s 50th anniver-sary. As our constituents in Wash-ington State know, PNNL is an inte-gral part of our economy. The lab has a total economic output of $1.3 billion and supports more than 6,800 jobs in Washington. PNNL’s commitment to commercialization and technology transfer has brought research out of the laboratory and into the real world, further bolstering PNNL’s reputation as a national scientific leader and sup-porting Washington State’s economy. 
I am reminded each day how the 
work at PNNL impacts our daily lives. During my visits to the Port of Se-attle, I know that PNNL has deployed radiation detection systems that keep our ports safe. And when I watch a movie at home, I know that the DVD I use is possible because of PNNL’s ad-vancements in digital data storage technology. Because of these and other important contributions, PNNL has earned more Federal Laboratory Con-sortium Awards than any other na-tional laboratory, holds more than 2,300 U.S. and foreign patents, and fos-tered the creation of 108 spin-off com-panies that remain open today. 
PNNL plays a unique role in address-
ing our Nation’s energy demands by furthering research in climate change, advanced biofuels, and the electric grid. In the 1990s, the lab helped create the Global Change Assessment Model to help institutions across the world explore the impacts of climate change and the different policy proposals to address it. The scientists at PNNL have also developed a cutting-edge chemical process that transforms algae 
to crude oil in minutes, a technology that could help our Nation reduce its dependence on foreign oil. And the lab continues to lead in assessing cyber se-curity threats by developing and test-ing technology to help protect the elec-tric grid. With its stellar record of commercializing research, I have no doubt that PNNL’s work will continue to meet the United States’ energy chal-lenges in the future. 
Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, to-
gether Senator C
ANTWELL and I have 
been proud supporters and advocates for PNNL here in the other Wash-ington, working to make sure our col-leagues and the administration under-stand the important research it con-ducts, and the significant contribu-tions it makes to the Tri-Cities com-munity. Over the past 50 years, PNNL has benefited from a talented and com-mitted staff of scientists, engineers, and nontechnical staff, a dedicated and committed operator in Battelle, and a strong partner in the Department of Energy. Congratulations to PNNL. I know Senator C
ANTWELL and I look for-
ward to PNNL’s future contributions to Washington State, the Nation, and the world. 
f 
MULTIPLE SCLEROSIS 
AWARENESS WEEK 
Mr. CASEY. Mr. President, I wish to 
express support for Multiple Sclerosis Awareness Week, and to express the need for greater Federal investment in medical research. 
I regret that severe weather pre-
vented me from doing this last week, which was Multiple Sclerosis Aware-ness Week. Multiple Sclerosis Aware-ness Week is a time for Americans ev-erywhere to help others learn more about multiple sclerosis, and to do what they can to make a difference for those who suffer from this disease. 
Multiple sclerosis can be devastating 
for the individuals who suffer from it, as well as their families. Each year, I am proud to work with Senator C
OL-
LINS to recognize multiple sclerosis pa-
tients, their caregivers and their fami-lies by introducing a resolution in sup-port of Multiple Sclerosis Awareness Week. Senator C
OLLINS and I worked 
together again on a resolution for 2015. I am pleased to say that this resolu-tion, S. Res. 98, cleared the Senate on March 4. It is a testament to the sup-port of the Senate for the 400,000 Amer-icans who are estimated to be suffering from this terrible disease. 
While it is important to recognize 
the toll taken by multiple sclerosis, it is just as important to note that it is but one of many debilitating or deadly diseases for which we lack a cure, or for which existing treatments are inad-equate. For many of these diseases, we have made great progress due to feder-ally funded biomedical research. Unfor-tunately, when medical inflation is taken into account, the National Insti-tute of Health’s, NIH, budget has been 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Mar 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09MR6.006 S09MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1334 March 9, 2015 
falling for nearly a decade. This is un-
acceptable. 
We must reverse the decline in NIH 
funding, and work to support other Federal research programs. The re-search done by these programs saves lives and improves quality of life. Funding these programs also makes sound economic sense: Federally fund-ed biomedical research is an important driver of economic growth throughout the United States. In 2013, NIH grants to my State alone supported an esti-mated 23,122 jobs. However, while the United States has been the world lead-er in medical research, other nations such as China are dramatically ramping up their investment, threat-ening our dominance in the field. We must work to continue investments that support patients, improve quality of life and create jobs that benefit all Americans. 
In addition to advocating for NIH 
funding with Senator B
URR—indicative 
of the bipartisan support the NIH budg-et enjoys—I am also a cosponsor of S. 289, the American Cures Act, which would authorize increases in Federal research budgets at the NIH, but also at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, the Department of Defense Health Program and the Veterans Med-ical and Prosthetics Research Pro-gram. As we support those suffering from multiple sclerosis, we must also remember the importance of federally funded medical research. We cannot af-ford, from a public health or economic standpoint, not to support biomedical progress. 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
RECOGNIZING THE TENTH 
ANNIVERSARY OF AUTISM SPEAKS 
∑Mr. MENENDEZ. Mr. President, I 
wish to acknowledge Autism Speaks as they celebrate 10 years as a leading or-ganization dedicated to serving people with autism and their families. Found-ed by Bob and Suzanne Wright—con-cerned grandparents of a child with au-tism—on February 25, 2005, Autism Speaks has grown to become not just a national leader in the conversation about autism, but a world leader. 
Ten years ago, Congress had yet to 
pass the landmark law now known after two reauthorizations as the Au-tism CARES Act. The estimated rate of autism in the United States—according to data from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention—at that time was about 1 in 150. Today, the CDC esti-mates that the rate of autism is about 1 in 68. These same figures show that my home State of New Jersey has the highest rate of autism incidence in the Nation, at 1 in 45. It is because of the countless stories of people from my home State—from the parents seeking help for their children, to the teachers and counselors who help people on the autism spectrum to grow and develop, to the researchers seeking to under-stand the causes of autism—that I am 
so passionately committed to con-fronting the challenge of autism, and Autism Speaks has been a leading voice on this issue for a decade. 
Over the past 10 years, Autism 
Speaks has committed more than $525 million towards autism research, awareness, services, and advocacy. Most of these funds have gone to sup-port science and medical research, in-cluding a new partnership with Google through the MSSNG program, which will sequence and store the world’s largest database of genomic informa-tion on autism. Autism Speaks has raised awareness of autism worldwide, and has partnerships with organiza-tions in 60 countries across the globe. Autism Speaks provides funds for serv-ices for people with autism through a number of grant programs and scholar-ships. It is also no secret that Autism Speaks has served as a leading advo-cate in seeking Federal legislation to address the challenges of autism. 
I am proud to have championed the 
passage of the Autism Coordination, Accountability, Research, Education and Support Act, also known as the Autism CARES Act, which passed this body by unanimous consent on July 31, 2014. President Obama signed the Au-tism CARES Act into law on August 8, 2014. This law ensures that we continue the critical programs established in 2006 that provide for autism research as well as support services to individuals on the autism spectrum and their fami-lies. The Autism CARES Act also makes a number of updates and im-provements on the original law, start-ing with better organization and co-ordination of Federal autism programs, including new mechanisms to ensure that goals are being met and that Fed-eral dollars are being spent efficiently. It also requires that a report be writ-ten that focuses on the needs of young adults on the autistic spectrum or with another developmental disability and the challenges they face when they transition from school-based services to those they need during adulthood, which is a critical need that often goes unspoken. Autism Speaks’ advocacy on behalf of those with autism and their families was vital to securing over-whelming bipartisan support for this law and ensuring that it passed through Congress and into law. 
As they mark their 10th anniversary, 
I congratulate Autism Speaks for the decade of great work that they do and express my gratitude and support as they serve as a leading voice in our na-tional discussion on autism for decades to come. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DR. WILLIAM 
MEEHAN 
∑Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. President, I wish 
to recognize Dr. William A. Meehan, who has served with great distinction and honor at Jacksonville State Uni-versity for more than 40 years. I have known him since he became president in 1999, and my admiration for his lead-
ership and for Jacksonville State Uni-versity has only grown each year. Dr. Meehan is retiring from his post as president of JSU on June 30, 2015, where his extraordinary leadership and vision will be sorely missed. 
Dr. Meehan, along with his board of 
trustees, set a bold vision for Jackson-ville State University. He inspired his team to put students first, to inspire their intellectual curiosity, and to nur-ture critical thinking, communication skills, and creativity in problem-solv-ing. He led the creation of the univer-sity’s first bold strategic plan that fo-cuses on 21st-century skills. 
President Meehan set a course for 
JSU that would not only move the uni-versity forward but would fast-forward. Now, starting in the fall of 2015, 500 en-tering freshmen at JSU will have an iPad; these students will have global technology at their fingertips and be prepared for the rigors of their aca-demic pursuits. 
Under President Meehan’s leadership 
JSU has excelled in many pursuits. Re-search funding continues to rise, with more than $23 million in grants re-ceived last year, an increase of 515 per-cent. ACT scores of incoming freshmen have risen significantly over the past decade, housing occupancy rates have improved from 64 percent to 90 percent, and student-to-faculty ratio is a stellar 17 to 1 under Dr. Meehan’s leadership. JSU now enjoys a wide alumni base of more than 60,000 in all 50 States and 95 countries around the world. 
President Meehan has focused the 
university on innovative approaches such as the creation of 12 interdiscipli-nary centers that yield practical appli-cations and solutions to real-world problems. These centers concentrate on regional education, teaching and learn-ing, security, applied forensics, dis-aster and community resilience, dis-ease ecology, ecosystems, behavioral studies, economic development, emer-gency preparedness, environmental policy, and veteran support. 
Further, under President Meehan’s 
leadership, JSU was just awarded a 10- year reaffirmation of accreditation by the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools Commission of Colleges, SACSCOC. JSU also enjoys significant program accreditations, attesting to the high-quality academics provided. JSU is also fierce on the playing field and lays claim to being the only school in the Nation to hold NCAA national titles in football, men’s basketball and baseball at the Division I or Division II levels. 
President Meehan has a deep and 
abiding commitment to partnerships with K–12, community colleges, and the region in which he serves. He has ex-tensive service with community initia-tives and on education, economic de-velopment and community service strategic boards. His view of education is a seamless process flowing from kin-dergarten through graduate school, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Mar 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09MR6.007 S09MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1335 March 9, 2015 
which results in a high quality tal-
ented professional workforce. 
In addition to his strong and lasting 
legacy at JSU, President Meehan prides himself with a loving family. He is married to the former Elizabeth Ste-vens and is father to twin boys Drew and Will and daughter Carol Grace. President Meehan is a devoted member of the First Baptist Church of Jackson-ville, AL. 
On April 3, 2015, there will be a com-
munity-wide event to honor Dr. Mee-han and his family. 
On a personal note, I have found 
President Meehan to be one of Ala-bama’s best university presidents. He is a driving force behind Jacksonville State University’s sturdy and solid growth in all areas, from strong in-creases in academic scores to building on the community’s fine reputation. He has been a constant source of informa-tion and good advice to me and the State’s congressional delegation. He is, as all know, deeply committed to this great university, whose unique char-acter he has further developed. I con-sider him a personal friend and a valu-able advisor. 
Please join me in thanking Dr. Wil-
liam Meehan for his tireless dedication to Jacksonville State University and the surrounding community. His exem-plary service in higher education is an inspiration, and because of his leader-ship, JSU is one of the great jewels of Alabama. ∑ 
f 
RECOGNIZING SKYRUNNER 
∑Mr. VITTER. Mr. President, Amer-
ican small businesses are cultivating the Nation’s brightest minds to inno-vate with ingenuity. Technological ad-vancement is a crucial element in fos-tering economic growth, increasing educational opportunities, and retain-ing high-skilled, technical jobs. Its im-portance cannot be understated. This week, I am honored to recognize a small business that highlights this ex-citing aspect of today’s economy. Con-gratulations to this week’s Small Busi-ness of the Week, Skyrunner, located in Shreveport, LA. 
Stewart Hamel and Gilo Cardozo cre-
ated the Skyrunner in order to re-invent recreational sports vehicles—an all-terrain buggy that also flies. Lo-cated in Northwest Louisiana, Skyrunner has combined a recreational off-road vehicle with paragliding equip-ment that allows the driver to use the machine in either of its two modes: car and flight. When in car mode, the vehi-cle boasts a rugged, dependable frame ideal for demanding terrains. The flight mode deploys the latest in reflex paragliding technology, allowing the vehicle to float back down to the ground upon entering the air. The vehi-
cle’s top speed reaches 115 miles per hour and can accelerate to 62 miles per hour in 4.3 seconds, which can launch the vehicle into the air with minimal effort. 
The Skyrunner is more than just a 
recreational vehicle. With its min-imum weight and outstanding perform-
ance, the Skyrunner has the potential to be incorporated as a valuable tool for various Federal agencies, local and State governments, and adventure en-thusiasts alike. CEO Stewart Hamel of Shreveport believes his spin on the all- terrain vehicle will revolutionize the way we manage natural resources, pro-tect Federal lands, aid in natural disas-ters, and adventure into the wilder-ness. 
When moving its headquarters to 
Louisiana from the United Kingdom, Skyrunner struggled to get a unique military application approved to im-port products because a bureaucrat at the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency was blocking the application. Fortunately, I was able to advocate on Skyrunner’s behalf to move past bu-reaucratic red tape, which allowed the company to begin pre-production of their product in Shreveport, LA. With a handful of prototypes under their belt, Skyrunner begins mass produc-tion of their aerodynamic dune-buggy within the next few months. 
It is important that we cut through 
government regulations to allow our small businesses to act on innovative ideas and develop their products, mar-ket base, and workforce. By supporting these local small businesses, we can bring new technology, jobs, and state- of-the-art equipment to the areas that need it most. Congratulations again to Skyrunner for being selected as Small Business of the Week. I wish you all the best in your endeavor and thank you for bringing innovative technology to Northwest Louisiana. ∑ 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE 
At 2:02 p.m., a message from the 
House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the House has passed the following bills, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 749. An act to reauthorize Federal 
support for passenger rail programs, and for other purposes. 
H.R. 1213. An act to make administrative 
and technical corrections to the Congres-sional Accountability Act of 1995. 
The message also announced that 
pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 6968(a), and the order of the House of January 6, 2015, the Speaker appoints the following Members on the part of the House of Representatives to the Board of Visi-tors to the United States Naval Acad-emy: Mr. C
UMMINGS of Maryland and 
Mr. R UPPERSBERGER of Maryland. 
f 
MEASURES REFERRED 
The following bill was read the first 
and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 749. An act to reauthorize Federal 
support for passenger rail programs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EXECUTIVE AND OTHER 
COMMUNICATIONS 
The following communications were 
laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–848. A communication from the Chief 
Counsel, Federal Emergency Management Agency, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Suspension of Community Eligibility’’ ((44 CFR Part 64) (Docket No. FEMA–2014–0002)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 3, 2015; 
to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–849. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Arizona; Re-gional Haze State and Federal Implementa-tion Plans; Reconsideration’’ (FRL No. 9923– 88–Region 9) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 4, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works . 
EC–850. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Rhode Is-land; Transportation Conformity’’ (FRL No. 9924–17–Region 1) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 4, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–851. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘National Emission Standards for Haz-ardous Air Pollutants: Off-Site Waste and Recovery Operations’’ (FRL No. 9923–26– OAR) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 4, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–852. A communication from the Acting 
Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, De-partment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, fourteen (14) reports relative to vacan-cies in the Department of State, received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 3, 2015; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
EC–853. A communication from the Acting 
Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, De-partment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a section of the Arms Export Control Act (RSAT 14–4215); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
EC–854. A communication from the Report 
to the Nation Delegation Director, Boy Scouts of America, transmitting, pursuant to law, the organization’s 2014 annual report; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
EC–855. A communication from the Assist-
ant Attorney General, Office of Legislative Affairs, Department of Justice, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘ATF 2014 PACT Act Report’’; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND 
JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
The following bills and joint resolu-
tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. PAUL (for himself and Mr. 
BOOKER ): 
S. 675. A bill to provide for the sealing or 
expungement of records relating to Federal 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:55 Mar 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09MR6.004 S09MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1336 March 9, 2015 
nonviolent criminal offenses, and for other 
purposes; to the Committee on the Judici-ary. 
By Mr. NELSON (for himself, Mr. 
B
ROWN , Mr. C ARDIN , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , 
Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Ms. K LOBUCHAR , 
and Mr. S CHUMER ): 
S. 676. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to prevent tax-related iden-tity theft and tax fraud, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mrs. BOXER (for herself, Ms. C
OL-
LINS, Mrs. S HAHEEN , Mr. D URBIN , Mrs. 
MURRAY , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mr. M AR-
KEY, Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Mr. W HITE-
HOUSE , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Ms. W AR-
REN, Mr. M URPHY , Mr. C OONS , Mr. 
SANDERS , Mr. W YDEN , Mr. S CHATZ , 
and Mr. C ARDIN ): 
S. 677. A bill to prohibit the application of 
certain restrictive eligibility requirements to foreign nongovernmental organizations with respect to the provision of assistance under part I of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
By Mr. INHOFE (for himself, Mr. B
OOZ-
MAN, Mr. P ERDUE , Mr. V ITTER , and 
Mr. S ESSIONS ): 
S. 678. A bill to declare English as the offi-
cial language of the United States, to estab-lish a uniform English language rule for nat-uralization, and to avoid misconstructions of the English language texts of the laws of the United States, pursuant to Congress’ powers to provide for the general welfare of the United States and to establish a uniform rule of naturalization under article I, section 8, of the Constitution; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. 
By Ms. BALDWIN (for herself and Mr. 
T
HUNE ): 
S. 679. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to increase access to Medicare data; to the Committee on Fi-nance. 
By Mr. BROWN: 
S. 680. A bill for the relief of Maha Dakar; 
to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mrs. GILLIBRAND (for herself and 
Mr. D
AINES ): 
S. 681. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to clarify presumptions relating to the exposure of certain veterans who served in the vicinity of the Republic of Vietnam, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 134 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the 
names of the Senator from Montana (Mr. D
AINES ) and the Senator from 
Minnesota (Mr. F RANKEN ) were added 
as cosponsors of S. 134, a bill to amend the Controlled Substances Act to ex-clude industrial hemp from the defini-tion of marihuana, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 153 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the 
name of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. G
ARDNER ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 153, a bill to amend the Immi-gration and Nationality Act to author-ize additional visas for well-educated aliens to live and work in the United States, and for other purposes. 
S. 164 
At the request of Mr. S CHATZ , the 
name of the Senator from Hawaii (Ms. H
IRONO ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
164, a bill to increase the rates of pay under the General Schedule and other 
statutory pay systems and for pre-vailing rate employees by 3.8 percent, and for other purposes. 
S. 178 
At the request of Mr. C ORNYN , the 
names of the Senator from California (Mrs. B
OXER ) and the Senator from 
Missouri (Mr. B LUNT ) were added as co-
sponsors of S. 178, a bill to provide jus-tice for the victims of trafficking. 
S. 236 
At the request of Mr. M ANCHIN , the 
name of the Senator from Georgia (Mr. P
ERDUE ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
236, a bill to amend the Pay-As-You-Go Act of 2010 to create an expedited pro-cedure to enact recommendations of the Government Accountability Office for consolidation and elimination to reduce duplication. 
S. 257 
At the request of Mr. M ORAN , the 
name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. 
KIRK) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
257, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act with respect to physician supervision of therapeutic hospital outpatient services. 
S. 259 
At the request of Mr. H OEVEN , the 
name of the Senator from Indiana (Mr. C
OATS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
259, a bill to modify the efficiency standards for grid-enabled water heat-ers. 
S. 269 
At the request of Mr. K IRK, the 
names of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. T
OOMEY ) and the Senator 
from Alabama (Mr. S ESSIONS ) were 
added as cosponsors of S. 269, a bill to expand sanctions imposed with respect to Iran and to impose additional sanc-tions with respect to Iran, and for other purposes. 
S. 307 
At the request of Mr. M ENENDEZ , the 
name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. M
URPHY ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 307, a bill to amend title III of the Public Health Service Act to provide for the establishment and implementa-tion of guidelines on best practices for diagnosis, treatment, and management of mild traumatic brain injuries (MTBIs) in school-aged children, and for other purposes. 
S. 313 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the 
name of the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. C
ASSIDY ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 313, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to add physical therapists to the list of providers al-lowed to utilize locum tenens arrange-ments under Medicare. 
S. 314 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the 
name of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. C
OCHRAN ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 314, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for coverage under the Medicare pro-gram of pharmacist services. 
S. 316 
At the request of Mr. K IRK, the name 
of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. BOOKER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
316, a bill to amend the charter school program under the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965. 
S. 352 
At the request of Ms. A YOTTE , the 
names of the Senator from Virginia (Mr. W
ARNER ) and the Senator from 
Utah (Mr. H ATCH ) were added as co-
sponsors of S. 352, a bill to amend sec-tion 5000A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide an additional religious exemption from the indi-vidual health coverage mandate, and for other purposes. 
S. 396 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , the 
name of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
396, a bill to establish the Proprietary Education Oversight Coordination Committee. 
S. 409 
At the request of Mr. B URR, the 
names of the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) and the Senator from Texas (Mr. 
CORNYN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 
409, a bill to amend the Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act to require the Secretary of Defense to in-form the Attorney General of persons required to register as sex offenders. 
S. 423 
At the request of Mr. M ORAN , the 
name of the Senator from Wyoming (Mr. B
ARRASSO ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 423, a bill to amend the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act to provide an exception to the annual written pri-vacy notice requirement. 
S. 431 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the 
name of the Senator from Alaska (Mr. S
ULLIVAN ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 431, a bill to permanently extend the Internet Tax Freedom Act. 
S. 488 
At the request of Mr. S CHUMER , the 
name of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. C
ASEY ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 488, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to allow physician assistants, nurse prac-titioners, and clinical nurse specialists to supervise cardiac, intensive cardiac, and pulmonary rehabilitation pro-grams. 
S. 500 
At the request of Mr. E NZI, the name 
of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. G
ARDNER ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 500, a bill to amend the Mineral Leasing Act to require the Secretary of the Interior to convey to a State all right, title, and interest in and to a percentage of the amount of royalties and other amounts required to be paid to the State under that Act with re-spect to public land and deposits in the State, and for other purposes. 
S. 539 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the 
names of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ), the Senator from Maryland 
(Ms. M IKULSKI ), the Senator from 
Rhode Island (Mr. R EED), and the Sen-
ator from Vermont (Mr. L EAHY ) were 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Mar 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09MR6.001 S09MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1337 March 9, 2015 
added as cosponsors of S. 539, a bill to 
amend title XVIII of the Social Secu-rity Act to repeal the Medicare out-patient rehabilitation therapy caps. 
S. 568 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the 
name of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. B
OOKER ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 568, a bill to extend the trade ad-justment assistance program, and for other purposes. 
S. 591 
At the request of Mr. B LUNT , the 
names of the Senator from Minnesota (Mr. F
RANKEN ) and the Senator from 
Minnesota (Ms. K LOBUCHAR ) were added 
as cosponsors of S. 591, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend the new markets tax credit, and for other purposes. 
S. 615 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , her 
name was added as a cosponsor of S. 615, a bill to provide for congressional review and oversight of agreements re-lating to Iran’s nuclear program, and for other purposes. 
S. 637 
At the request of Mr. C RAPO , the 
name of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 637, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to extend and modify the railroad track mainte-nance credit. 
S. 650 
At the request of Mr. B LUNT , the 
name of the Senator from Wisconsin (Mr. J
OHNSON ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 650, a bill to extend the positive train control system implementation deadline, and for other purposes. 
At the request of Mr. T
HUNE , the 
name of the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. I
NHOFE ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 650, supra. 
S. 674 
At the request of Mrs. M URRAY , the 
name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 674, a bill to expand pro-grams with respect to women’s health. 
S. CON. RES. 4 
At the request of Mr. B ARRASSO , the 
name of the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. I
NHOFE ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. Con. Res. 4, a concurrent resolu-tion supporting the Local Radio Free-dom Act. 
f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND 
PROPOSED 
SA 269. Mr. PORTMAN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 178, to provide justice for the victims of trafficking; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 270. Mr. PORTMAN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 178, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 271. Mr. PORTMAN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 178, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 272. Mrs. GILLIBRAND submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 178, supra; which was ordered to 
lie on the table. 
f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS 
SA 269. Mr. PORTMAN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 178, to provide justice for the victims of trafficking; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
TITLE lll —FAMILY-BASED FOSTER 
CARE SERVICES 
SEC. ll. INCLUSION OF THERAPEUTIC FOSTER 
CARE AS MEDICAL ASSISTANCE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1905 of the Social 
Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396d) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (28), by striking ‘‘and’’ at 
the end; 
(B) by redesignating paragraph (29) as 
paragraph (30); and 
(C) by inserting after paragraph (28) the 
following new paragraph: 
‘‘(29) therapeutic foster care services (to 
the extent allowed and as defined in sub-section (ee)); and’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following new 
subsection: 
‘‘(ee)(1) For purposes of subsection (a)(29), 
subject to paragraphs (3) and (4), the term ‘therapeutic foster care services’ means serv-ices provided for children who have not at-tained age 21, and who, as a result of mental illness, other emotional or behavioral dis-orders, medically fragile conditions, or de-velopmental disabilities, need the level of care provided in an institution (including a psychiatric residential treatment facility) or nursing facility the cost of which could be reimbursed under the State plan but who can be cared for or maintained in a community placement, through a qualified therapeutic foster care program described in paragraph (2). 
‘‘(2) A qualified therapeutic foster care pro-
gram described in this paragraph is a pro-gram that— 
‘‘(A) is licensed by the State and accred-
ited by the Joint Commission on Accredita-tion of Healthcare Organizations, the Com-mission on Accreditation of Rehabilitation Facilities, the Council on Accreditation, or by another equivalent accreditation agency (or agencies) as the Secretary may recog-nize; 
‘‘(B) provides structured daily activities, 
including the development, improvement, monitoring, and reinforcement of age-appro-priate social, communication and behavioral skills, trauma-informed and gender-respon-sive services, crisis intervention and crisis support services, medication monitoring, counseling, and case management, and may furnish other intensive community services; and 
‘‘(C) provides biological parents, kinship 
caregivers, and foster care parents with spe-cialized training and consultation in the management of children with mental illness, other emotional or behavioral disorders, medically fragile conditions, developmental disabilities, the impact of trauma on child and caregiver, and specific additional train-ing on the needs of each child provided such services. 
‘‘(3) In making coverage determinations in 
accordance with paragraph (1), a State may employ medical necessity criteria that are similar to the medical necessity criteria ap-plied to coverage determinations for other services and supports under this title. 
‘‘(4) For purposes of subsection (a)(29) and 
this subsection, therapeutic foster care serv-ices shall not include reimbursement for any 
training referred to in paragraph (2)(C).’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE; PHASE -IN OF LICEN-
SURE AND ACCREDITATION REQUIREMENTS .— 
(1) E FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendments 
made by subsection (a) shall apply to med-ical assistance furnished in calendar quar-ters beginning on or after the date of enact-ment of this Act. 
(2) P
HASE -IN OF LICENSURE AND ACCREDITA -
TION REQUIREMENTS .—The Secretary of 
Health and Human Services shall issue guid-ance to phase-in the application of the licen-sure and accreditation requirements for qualified therapeutic foster care programs specified in section 1905(ee)(2)(A) of the So-cial Security Act (as added by subsection (a)) over a 3-year period. Such guidance shall specify that a therapeutic foster care pro-gram that is complying with the phase-in re-quirements for such licensure and accredita-tion may be considered to be a qualified therapeutic foster care program for purposes of a State receiving payment under section 1903 of the Social Security Act for furnishing medical assistance for therapeutic foster care services provided through such a pro-gram if the program also meets the condi-tions described in subparagraphs (B) and (C) of section 1905(ee)(2) of such Act. 
SA 270. Mr. PORTMAN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 178, to provide justice for the victims of trafficking; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the end of the bill, add the following: 
TITLE IV—BETTER RESPONSE FOR 
VICTIMS OF CHILD SEX TRAFFICKING 
SEC. 401. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Ensuring a 
Better Response for Victims of Child Sex Trafficking’’. 
SEC. 402. CAPTA AMENDMENTS. 
(a) S TATE PLANS .—Section 106 of the Child 
Abuse Prevention and Treatment Act (42 U.S.C. 5106a) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (b)(2)(B)— (A) in clause (xxii), by striking ‘‘and’’ at 
the end; and 
(B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(xxiv) provisions and procedures requiring 
identification and assessment of all reports involving children known or suspected to be victims of sex trafficking (as defined in sec-tion 103(9)(B) of the Trafficking Victims Pro-tection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102 (9)(B)); and 
‘‘(xxv) provisions and procedures for train-
ing child protective services workers about identifying, assessing, and providing com-prehensive services for children who are sex trafficking victims, including efforts to co-ordinate with State law enforcement, juve-nile justice, and social service agencies such as runaway and homeless youth shelters to serve this population;’’; and 
(2) in subsection (d), by adding at the end 
the following: 
‘‘(17) The number of children determined to 
be victims described in subsection (b)(2)(B)(xxiv).’’. 
(b) S
PECIAL RULE.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 111 of the Child 
Abuse Prevention and Treatment Act (42 U.S.C. 5106g) is amended— 
(A) by striking ‘‘For purposes’’ and insert-
ing the following: 
‘‘(a) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes’’; and 
(B) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(b) S PECIAL RULE.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—For purposes of section 
3(2) and subsection (a)(4), a child shall be considered a victim of ‘child abuse and ne-glect’ and of ‘sexual abuse’ if the child is identified, by a State or local agency em-ployee of the State or locality involved, as 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Mar 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09MR6.006 S09MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1338 March 9, 2015 
being a victim of sex trafficking (as defined 
in paragraph (10) of section 103 of the Traf-ficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 
U.S.C. 7102)) or a victim of severe forms of trafficking in persons described in paragraph (9)(A) of that section. 
‘‘(2) S
TATE OPTION .—Notwithstanding the 
definition of ‘child’ in section 3(1), a State may elect to define that term for purposes of the application of paragraph (1) to section 3(2) and subsection (a)(4) as a person who has not attained the age of 24.’’. 
(2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 3(2) 
of the Child Abuse Prevention and Treat-ment Act (42 U.S.C. 5101 note) is amended by inserting (‘‘including sexual abuse as deter-mined under section 111)’’ after ‘‘sexual abuse or exploitation’’. 
(3) T
ECHNICAL CORRECTION .—Paragraph 
(5)(C) of subsection (a), as so designated, of section 111 of the Child Abuse Prevention and Treatment Act (42 U.S.C. 5106g) is amended by striking ‘‘inhumane;’’ and in-serting ‘‘inhumane.’’. 
SA 271. Mr. PORTMAN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 178, to provide justice for the victims of trafficking; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. ll. AMENDMENTS TO THE MCKINNEY- 
VENTO HOMELESS ASSISTANCE ACT. 
The McKinney-Vento Homeless Assistance 
Act (42 U.S.C. 11301 et seq.) is amended— 
(1) in section 103— (A) in subsection (a)— (i) in paragraph (5)(A)— (I) by striking ‘‘are sharing’’ and all that 
follows through ‘‘charitable organizations,’’; 
(II) by striking ‘‘14 days’’ each place that 
term appears and inserting ‘‘30 days’’; 
(III) in clause (i), by inserting ‘‘or’’ after 
the semicolon; 
(IV) by striking clause (ii); and (V) by redesignating clause (iii) as clause 
(ii); and 
(ii) by amending paragraph (6) to read as 
follows: 
‘‘(6) unaccompanied youth and homeless 
families with children and youth defined as homeless under other Federal statutes who— 
‘‘(A) are certified as homeless by the direc-
tor or designee of a director of a program funded under any other Federal statute; or 
‘‘(B) have been certified by a director or 
designee of a director of a program funded under this Act or a director or designee of a director of a public housing agency as lack-ing a fixed, regular, and adequate nighttime residence, which shall include— 
‘‘(i) temporarily sharing the housing of an-
other person due to loss of housing, eco-nomic hardship, or other similar reason; or 
‘‘(ii) living in a room in a motel or hotel.’’; 
and 
(B) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(f) O
THER DEFINITIONS .—In this section— 
‘‘(1) the term ‘other Federal statute’ has 
the meaning given that term in section 401; and 
‘‘(2) the term ‘public housing agency’ 
means an agency described in section 3(b)(6) of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437a(b)(6)).’’; 
(2) in section 401— (A) in paragraph (1)(C)— (i) by striking clause (iv); and (ii) by redesignating clauses (v), (vi), and 
(vii) as clauses (iv), (v), and (vi), respec-tively; 
(B) in paragraph (7)— (i) by striking ‘‘Federal statute other than 
this subtitle’’ and inserting ‘‘other Federal statute’’; and (ii) by inserting ‘‘of’’ before ‘‘this Act’’; 
(C) by redesignating paragraphs (14) 
through (33) as paragraphs (15) through (34), respectively; and 
(D) by inserting after paragraph (13) the 
following: 
‘‘(14) O
THER FEDERAL STATUTE .—The term 
‘other Federal statute’ includes— 
‘‘(A) the Runaway and Homeless Youth Act 
(42 U.S.C. 5701 et seq.); 
‘‘(B) the Head Start Act (42 U.S.C. 9831 et 
seq.); 
‘‘(C) subtitle N of the Violence Against 
Women Act of 1994 (42 U.S.C. 14043e et seq.); 
‘‘(D) section 330(h) of the Public Health 
Service Act (42 U.S.C. 254b(h)); 
‘‘(E) section 17 of the Child Nutrition Act 
of 1966 (42 U.S.C. 1786); 
‘‘(F) the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 
U.S.C. 1001 et seq.); and 
‘‘(G) subtitle B of title VII of this Act.’’; (3) by inserting after section 408 the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘SEC. 409. AVAILABILITY OF HMIS REPORT. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The information pro-
vided to the Secretary under section 402(f)(3) shall be made publically available on the Internet website of the Department of Hous-ing and Urban Development in aggregate, non-personally identifying reports. 
‘‘(b) R
EQUIRED DATA.—Each report made 
publically available under subsection (a) shall be updated on at least an annual basis and shall include— 
‘‘(1) a cumulative count of the number of 
individuals and families experiencing home-lessness; 
‘‘(2) a cumulative assessment of the pat-
terns of assistance provided under subtitles B and C of this title for the each geographic area involved; and 
‘‘(3) a count of the number of individuals 
and families experiencing homelessness that are documented through the HMIS by each collaborative applicant.’’; 
(4) in section 422— (A) in subsection (a)— (i) by striking ‘‘The Secretary’’ and insert-
ing the following: 
‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary’’; and 
(ii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) R
ESTRICTION .—In awarding grants 
under paragraph (1), the Secretary may not consider or prioritize the specific homeless populations intended to be served by the ap-plicant if the applicant demonstrates that the project— 
‘‘(A) would meet the priorities identified in 
the plan submitted under section 427(b)(1)(B); and 
‘‘(B) is cost-effective in meeting the over-
all goals and objectives identified in that plan.’’; and 
(B) by striking subsection (j); (5) in section 424(d), by striking paragraph 
(5); 
(6) in section 427(b)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) in subparagraph (A)— (I) in clause (vi), by adding ‘‘and’’ at the 
end; 
(II) in clause (vii), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the 
end; and 
(III) by striking clause (viii); (ii) in subparagraph (B)— (I) in clause (iii), by adding ‘‘and’’ at the 
end; 
(II) in clause (iv)(VI), by striking ‘‘and’’ at 
the end; and 
(III) by striking clause (v); (iii) in subparagraph (E), by adding ‘‘and’’ 
at the end; 
(iv) by striking subparagraph (F); and (v) by redesignating subparagraph (G) as 
subparagraph (F); and 
(B) by striking paragraph (3); and (7) by amending section 433 to read as fol-
lows: ‘‘SEC. 433. REPORTS TO CONGRESS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall sub-
mit to Congress an annual report, which shall— 
‘‘(1) summarize the activities carried out 
under this subtitle and set forth the findings, conclusions, and recommendations of the Secretary as a result of the activities; and 
‘‘(2) include, for the year preceding the 
date on which the report is submitted— 
‘‘(A) data required to be made publically 
available in the report under section 409; and 
‘‘(B) data on programs funded under any 
other Federal statute. 
‘‘(b) T
IMING .—A report under subsection (a) 
shall be submitted not later than 4 months after the end of each fiscal year.’’. 
SA 272. Mrs. GILLIBRAND submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 178, to provide jus-tice for the victims of trafficking; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 95, after line 18, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . FEDERAL CRIMINAL PROCEDURE 
POST-CONVICTION RELIEF FOR VIC-TIMS OF TRAFFICKING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 237 of title 18, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘§ 3772. Motion to vacate; expungement; mo-
tion to dismiss 
‘‘(a) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section— 
‘‘(1) the term ‘eligible entity’ includes— ‘‘(A) a legal aid society or legal services or-
ganization that provides indigent legal serv-ices; 
‘‘(B) a nonprofit organization that provides 
legal services to victims of trafficking; and 
‘‘(C) a public defender’s office; ‘‘(2) the terms ‘employee’ and ‘officer’ have 
the meanings given the terms in section 2105 of title 5; and 
‘‘(3) the term ‘victim of trafficking’ has the 
meaning given the term in section 103 of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102). 
‘‘(b) M
OTION TO VACATE .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—A person convicted of 
any offense against the United States may move the appropriate district court of the United States to vacate the judgment of con-viction if the offense was committed as a di-rect result of the person having been a vic-tim of trafficking. 
‘‘(2) C
ONTENTS OF MOTION .—A motion de-
scribed in paragraph (1) shall— 
‘‘(A) be in writing; ‘‘(B) describe any supporting evidence; ‘‘(C) state the offense and ‘‘(D) include copies of any documents 
showing that the movant is entitled to relief under this section. 
‘‘(3) H
EARING .— 
‘‘(A) M ANDATORY HEARING .— 
‘‘(i) M OTION IN OPPOSITION TO MOTION TO VA -
CATE .—Not later than 30 days after the date 
on which a motion is filed under paragraph (1), the Government may file a motion in op-position of the motion filed under paragraph (1). 
‘‘(ii) M
ANDATORY HEARING .—If the Govern-
ment files a motion described in clause (i), not later than 15 days after the date on which the motion is filed, the court shall hold a hearing on the motion. 
‘‘(B) D
ISCRETIONARY HEARING .—If the Gov-
ernment does not file a motion described in subparagraph (A)(i), not later than 45 days after the date on which a motion is filed under paragraph (1), the court may hold a hearing on the motion. 
‘‘(4) F
ACTORS .—The court shall grant a mo-
tion under this section if, after notice to and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:55 Mar 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09MR6.009 S09MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1339 March 9, 2015 
opportunity for the Government to be heard, 
the court finds, by a preponderance of the evidence, that— 
‘‘(A) the movant was convicted of an of-
fense against the United States; and 
‘‘(B) the participation in the offense by the 
movant was a result of the person having been a victim of trafficking. 
‘‘(5) S
UPPORTING EVIDENCE .— 
‘‘(A) R EBUTTABLE PRESUMPTION .—For pur-
poses of this section, there shall be a rebut-table presumption that the movant is a vic-tim of trafficking if the movant includes in the motion— 
‘‘(i) a certified copy of an official record of 
a Federal, State, tribal, or local proceeding, including an approval notice or an enforce-ment certification generated from a Federal immigration proceeding, that shows that the movant was a victim of trafficking, includ-ing a victim of a trafficker charged with a violation of chapter 77; or 
‘‘(ii) an affidavit or sworn testimony from 
a trained professional staff member of a vic-tim services organization, an attorney, a member of the clergy, or a medical or other professional from whom the movant has sought assistance in addressing the trauma associated with being a victim of trafficking. 
‘‘(B) O
THER EVIDENCE .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—For purposes of this sec-
tion, in determining whether the movant is a victim of trafficking, the court may consider any other evidence the court determines is of sufficient credibility and probative value, in-cluding an affidavit or sworn testimony of the movant. 
‘‘(ii) A
FFIDAVIT OR SWORN TESTIMONY OF  
MOVANT SUFFICIENT EVIDENCE .—The affidavit 
or sworn testimony of the movant described in clause (i) shall be sufficient evidence to vacate a conviction under this section if the court determines that— 
‘‘(I) the affidavit or sworn testimony is 
credible; and 
‘‘(II) no other evidence is readily available. ‘‘(6) C
ONVICTION NOT REQUIRED .—It shall not 
be necessary that any person other than the movant be convicted of an offense against the United States before the movant may file a motion under paragraph (1). 
‘‘(7) D
ENIAL OF MOTION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—If the court denies a mo-
tion filed under paragraph (1), the denial shall be without prejudice. 
‘‘(B) R
EASONS FOR DENIAL .—If the court de-
nies a motion filed under paragraph (1), the court shall state the reasons for the denial in writing. 
‘‘(C) R
EASONABLE TIME TO CURE DEFI -
CIENCIES IN MOTION .—If the motion was de-
nied due to a curable deficiency in the mo-tion, the court shall allow the movant suffi-cient time for the movant to cure the defi-ciency. 
‘‘(8) A
PPEAL .—An order granting or deny-
ing a motion to vacate under this section may be appealed in accordance with section 1291 of title 28 and section 3731 of this title. 
‘‘(c) E
XPUNGEMENT .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—If the court grants a mo-
tion to vacate under subsection (b), the court shall immediately vacate the conviction, set aside the verdict and enter a judgment of ac-quittal, and enter an expungement order that directs that there be expunged from all official records all references to the— 
‘‘(A) arrest of the person for the offense; ‘‘(B) the institution of criminal pro-
ceedings against the person; and 
‘‘(C) the results of the proceedings. ‘‘(2) E
FFECT .—The effect of an order en-
tered under paragraph (1) shall be to restore the person, in the contemplation of the law, to the status the person occupied before the arrest or the institution of the criminal pro-ceedings. 
‘‘(d) P
RETRIAL MOTION TO DISMISS .— ‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—A person charged with 
an offense against the United States may move to dismiss the indictment, informa-tion, or complaint if the participation in the offense by the person was a result of the per-son having been a victim of trafficking. 
‘‘(2) A
PPLICABLE RULES GOVERNING MO -
TION.— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—A motion described in 
paragraph (1) shall— 
‘‘(i) be deemed to be a motion described in 
rule 12(b)(3)(B)(v) of the Federal Rules of Criminal Procedure; and 
‘‘(ii) except as provided in subparagraph 
(B), be governed by the rules applicable to that motion. 
‘‘(B) R
ULING ON MOTION .—Notwithstanding 
rule 12(d) of the Federal Rules of Criminal Procedure, the court— 
‘‘(i) shall decide a motion under this sub-
section before trial; and 
‘‘(ii) may not defer ruling on the motion 
until during or after trial. 
‘‘(e) A
DDITIONAL ACTIONS BY COURT .—The 
court may, upon granting a motion under this section take such additional action as the court determines is appropriate. 
‘‘(f) C
ONFIDENTIALITY OF MOVANT .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—A motion under this sec-
tion and any documents, pleadings, or orders relating to the motion shall be filed under seal. 
‘‘(2) I
NFORMATION NOT AVAILABLE FOR PUB -
LIC INSPECTION .—No officer or employee may 
make any report, paper, picture, photograph, court file or other document, in the custody or possession of the officer or employee, that identifies the movant available for public in-spection. 
‘‘(g) A
PPLICABILITY .—This section shall 
apply to any conviction before or on or after the date of enactment of this section. 
‘‘(h) G
RANT FOR BESTPRACTICES .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—On and after the date 
that is 1 year after the date of enactment of this section, the Attorney General of the United States may make grants to eligible entities to develop, improve, or expand legal services to carry out this section. 
‘‘(2) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
There is authorized to be appropriated such sums as are necessary to carry out this sec-tion, including providing organizations and agencies with funds to train legal aid serv-ices on motions practices under this sec-tion.’’. 
(b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of sections of chapter 237 of 
title 18, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘3772. Motion to vacate; expungement; mo-
tion to dismiss.’’. 
f 
APPOINTMENTS 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
Chair announces, on behalf of the ma-jority leader, pursuant to Public Law 101–509, the reappointment of the fol-lowing individual to serve as a member of the Advisory Committee on the Records of Congress: Deborah Skaggs Speth of Kentucky. 
The Chair, on behalf of the Vice 
President, pursuant to Public Law 93– 642, appoints the following Senator to be a member of the Board of Trustees of the Harry S. Truman Scholarship Foundation: The Honorable C
LAIRE  
MCCASKILL of Missouri. 
f 
ORDERS FOR TUESDAY, MARCH 10, 
2015 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it 
adjourn until 10 a.m., Tuesday, March 10; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day; that following leader remarks, the Senate be in a period of morning business until 11 a.m., with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each, with the time equally divided, with the major-ity controlling the first half and the Democrats controlling the second half; further, that at 11 a.m. the Senate pro-ceed to the consideration of S. 178 under the previous order, for debate only, until 12:30 p.m., with the time equally divided; finally, that the Sen-ate recess from 12:30 p.m. until 2:15 p.m. to allow for the weekly conference meetings. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, 
reserving the right to object, may I say that for many of our States, climate change is a reality and even a daunting one. We look forward to working on the question posed by the Energy and Nat-ural Resources Committee chair: What do we do? But in order to do so we need something from the majority to work with. 
With that said, I do not object, and I 
thank the majority leader for his cour-tesy. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
might say to my friend from Rhode Is-land, his amendment on climate change was a part of the Keystone bill the President vetoed. I know he and I have very different views about this. What may be challenging for his State is equally challenging in mine. We have a depression in the coalfields of Eastern Kentucky. It is a pretty grim picture. We all know Rhode Island and Kentucky may see this issue quite dif-ferently. 
f 
ORDER FOR ADJOURNMENT 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, if 
there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order, following the remarks of Senator B
ROWN . 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, I 
suggest the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:55 Mar 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09MR6.014 S09MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1340 March 9, 2015 
NATIONAL LABOR RELATIONS 
BOARD RULE 
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I rise in 
opposition to S.J. Res. 8 which was passed by this body earlier last week but without a veto-proof majority. It would protect corporations looking to rig union elections, always at the ex-pense of working families. Our labor movement helped build the middle class and fought for protections so many Americans take for granted: overtime pay brought about because of collective bargaining, child labor laws, collective bargaining, and talking to Members of Congress. Child labor laws, safer workplaces, unemployment insur-ance, workers compensation were all brought about because people came to-gether in unions to organize and bar-gain collectively and came together in unions to talk to State legislators and Members of Congress in support of un-employment insurance and in support of safer work laws, child labor laws, 
and workers’ compensation. 
I am wearing my lapel with a picture 
of a canary in a birdcage. It was given to me 20 years ago at a workers’ Memo-rial Day rally in Lorain, OH, a city on Lake Erie, about 25 miles west of Cleveland. This picture illustrates what the mine workers used to do 100 years ago. They took a canary down to the mines. If the canary died from lack of oxygen or toxic gas, the mine work-er got out of the mines. 
He was on his own. He did not have a 
union in those days strong enough to protect him. He did not have a govern-ment in those days that cared enough to protect him. Since the days of the canary in the birdcage down in the mines, we have seen Congress move for-ward on workers’ compensation, on minimum wage, on unemployment in-surance, on prohibition of child labor. Much of that progress, many of those advancements were because of the labor movement. 
The growing voice of workers at the 
table was critical to all of these ad-vances made especially in the early part of the 20th century. Then it was Social Security, then it was Medicare and Medicaid, and then it was all of the other things that helped us together, from Head Start to Pell grants, that helped create a middle class. 
The labor movement got children out 
of the sweatshops and into the class-rooms. We expanded the rights of work-ers, we expanded the rights of women, we expanded the rights of people of color, and prosperity followed, shared by a growing portion of the country. 
This week I led a delegation with 
Senator S
COTT—a Republican from 
South Carolina—to Selma, AL, and also to Montgomery and Birmingham to mark the 50th anniversary of Bloody Sunday, where the young—mostly stu-dents—were nonviolently walking across the Edmund Pettus Bridge in Selma, and they were attacked by State troopers and local police and local deputized citizens of Alabama who participated in the melee and beat up a number of those students. That 
got the Nation’s attention, and the Na-tion pushed Congress to pass the Vot-ing Rights Act. Labor unions were there. Labor unions were there to en-sure if we work hard and we take re-sponsibility, we can work in a safe en-vironment, with decent wages and ben-efits that allow us to take care of our 
family. But over the last decade that has changed. Workers in working fami-lies have paid the price. It used to be as profits went up, wages went up with those profits because the workers who helped those companies be profitable shared in the wealth they created. 
That is not socialism. That is what 
happened in American capitalism for decades after World War II. When prof-its went up, wages went up, in large part because unions at the bargaining table—through the process of collec-tive bargaining—made sure that as their workers were increasingly pro-ductive and companies did better and better and executive salaries went up, workers got a piece of the pie. But since the 1970s, profits have gone up, but wages have been pretty stagnant. American workers, our workers, con-tinue to be the most profitable and most productive and talented in the world, but the rewards for productivity gains go to an ever-dwindling number of the richest Americans. So as compa-nies do better and better and stock-holders do better and better, as profits go up and up, workers simply have not shared in the wealth they have created. They have not gotten their piece of the pie that they have earned. A big part of that is the decline of the labor move-ment. Today the middle class accounts for the smallest share of our national income since World War II. I will say that again. The middle class accounts for the smallest share of our national income since World War II. 
It is not a coincidence that workers 
are reaping fewer of the rewards of their work while union membership has declined. That is why the National Labor Relations Board proposed the rule change which is so important and why it is critical that Republican ef-forts—Republicans, again, doing it on behalf of the largest corporations in America—are not successful. This change would make modest, common-sense reforms to modernize and streamline the election process by which workers form unions. 
Right now companies seeking to 
block workers’ rights to form a union can delay elections sometimes up to 2 years, and they can drag out anti-union campaigns, they can intimidate work-ers, and they can find reasons to fire organizers. Delay works in the corpora-tions’ favor, as workers leave the jobs, as workers who wanted the union get discouraged from the union, and delay almost always works on the side of the employer. 
Workers have a right to timely elec-
tions, the right to make up their own minds free of intimidation. Choosing one’s representation is a right we cher-ish as Americans, and the National 
Labor Relations Board rule preserves it for our workers. The NLRB rule would cut back on the frivolous court cases these corporations file over and over, these frivolous court cases that compa-nies use to stall elections. It would allow NLRB hearing officers to move forward with an election despite pend-ing litigation, the stalling tactics of frivolous lawsuits to ensure workers aren’t silenced by expensive legal bat-tles. 
These reforms will not only help 
workers but also help businesses that act in good faith by streamlining the election process. This isn’t an antibusiness move the workers and unions want to engage in, it is a coop-erative move because moving quickly will bring everybody to the table more quickly. 
Right now the election process varies 
widely from State to State. It relies on outdated forms of communication. This change will provide certainty to work-ers and businesses alike and will allow both to file electronically instead of only by mail, saving everyone time and money. 
The lobbying effort by corporations 
on this is opposed to filing electroni-cally. Imagine that. It is 2015. Why do they want to do that? Because they want to slow down the process. We know the consequences. Stalling tac-tics have real consequences for work-ers. We have seen that over and over again. 
In Massillon, OH—a city near Can-
ton, south of Akron, in Northeast Ohio—nurses at Affinity Medical Cen-ter elected to form a union in August 2012. Ann Wyat, who was awarded Nurse of the Year, was fired for leading the activities for unionization. The company did everything it could to crush the unionizing efforts. I have been to that hospital. I have met with those nurses. I have talked to them about this. The NLRB found in favor of the workers, ruling that Affinity Med-ical refused to bargain and used illegal coercion and intimidation tactics, but still the company refused to comply with Federal labor law. The matter went to Federal court, which ruled in favor of the nurses and filed an injunc-tion against Affinity Medical for fail-ing to follow NLRB rulings, for break-ing Federal law. 
Last month a jury in a civil court 
ruled unanimously and awarded the wrongfully terminated nurse $2 million in damages. It was serious enough what they did to this nurse that the jury ruled this nurse was due $2 million, not just because of the inconvenience to the nurse and the denial of her rights but the punishment for a company that breaks the law. 
Two and a half years later Affinity 
Medical is still stalling, and no con-tract has been agreed to. The nurses in Massillon deserve better. All workers deserve better. That is the importance of this NLRB ruling, to make it a more level playing field. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:55 Mar 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09MR6.020 S09MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1341 March 9, 2015 
That is what the American labor 
movement and our commitment to our workers is about—to speak out on be-half of honest pay for an honest day’s work. It is a story of a nation—and a government—respecting the dignity of work and reflecting the decency and dedication of workers. 
It has been nearly 80 years since 
American workers’ right to collective bargaining has been confirmed. We have been doing this experiment for 80 years. Rather than ending that right— and, with it, squeezing the middle class—we should be working to pre-serve and expand the rights of workers. 
We need equal pay for women, and we 
need a minimum wage that supports families. The minimum wage is worth 30 percent less today in real purchasing dollars than it was 30 years ago. Rather than eroding that, we need to strength-en and grow the middle class, and we need paid family leave and paid sick leave. 
We need to be able to make it a little 
bit easier for a union, for workers to stand up to corporate interests when workers’ interests are not respected. 
That should be on the Senate’s agen-
da, but sadly it is not. Instead, we have wasted our time on a resolution that we know will fail—all to pay back po-litical scoring points for those corpora-tions that fund campaigns and con-tinue to dissolve organized labor. With-out a veto-proof majority—and the res-olution wasn’t even close to that last Tuesday—we know it is nothing more than an empty gesture. Just as impor-tantly, we know that if this resolution succeeded, it would do real damage to working Americans by impeding their ability to come together to organize and to build the power they have in numbers to be able to get their fair share of the American dream. 
f 
EXTENSION OF CHIP FUNDING 
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, it has 
been 1 month since I took to the floor of this body to urge my colleagues to work together to extend funding for the Children’s Health Insurance Pro-gram, or CHIP. Just this past month, I have held roundtables at almost every major city in Ohio to hear more about what CHIP means to people in Ohio. At each of these roundtables, I spoke with families who depend on CHIP to get their kids the care they need. 
Please understand that there are 
130,000 Ohio children who are eligible for CHIP and who have benefited from CHIP, and in almost every case they are the sons and daughters of parents who work. These are parents who don’t 
make enough money and don’t work at a place where the employer provides insurance. They may be $9, $10, $11 or $12 an hour jobs. They are working, and the income they are making simply isn’t enough to buy insurance for their kids and for their families. So that is the importance of rewarding work. These 130,000 children now have insur-ance because of a bipartisan bill, the Children’s Health Insurance Program. They have had it for 20 years. 
It is in jeopardy now. Last week I 
was at the John R. Maloney Health Center in Columbus, where more kids rely on CHIP than anywhere else in the State. Some 13,000 children in Franklin County alone have health coverage be-cause of CHIP. 
I spoke with Meredith Mendoza, a 
mother living in Gahanna, OH. She works full time as a medical inter-preter and makes too much to qualify for Medicaid but not quite enough to afford health insurance, and her em-ployer doesn’t provide it. Three of her four children have affordable, com-prehensive coverage because of CHIP. 
CHIP provides a sigh of relief for par-
ents such as Meredith because CHIP means better access to comprehensive care for their children. Providing health insurance to low-income chil-dren isn’t just the right thing to do; it is the smart thing to do. 
This is why it is the smart thing to 
do. It allays the anxiety that so many families have about one of their chil-dren getting sick. It helps families feel more secure that they won’t be wiped out financially and in other ways by a sick child. It helps that child do better in school because the child will miss fewer days and the child will feel bet-ter. It gives that child preventive care. It means vaccines, preventive health care, getting physicals, and it means dental care. It means better perform-ance in school. CHIP means all of that. 
But the problem is that the CHIP law 
is until 2019. We authorized it a couple years ago. The funding runs out in Sep-tember. My Governor, the Republican Governor of Ohio, wants to see us fund CHIP through 2019 so we can continue to provide this insurance to all 130,000 children in my State. 
If we don’t act now, States will have 
to assume that CHIP is expiring, as they go through their budget process. In other words, CHIP funding runs out in September, but States—through their legislative process, where fiscal years often end during the early or mid-summer—need to begin to work this through their budgets right now. The Utah legislature adjourns this 
week, March 12; New Mexico, March 21; Idaho, April 3; Tennessee, April 17; Alaska, April 19; Iowa, April 21; and Montana, April 27. All but seven State legislatures adjourn before September. That makes the need to act even more dire. 
That is why I was proud to introduce 
legislation last month called the Pro-tecting And Retaining Our Children’s Health Insurance Program Act, or PRO-CHIP. It has been endorsed by every children’s hospital in Ohio, al-most all of them around the country, several national groups—the March of Dimes, the American Academy of Pedi-atrics, the Children’s Hospital Associa-tion, Families USA—all kinds of peo-ple, and all kinds of groups. 
CHIP just makes sense. Protecting 
health coverage, protecting health in-surance, and providing health insur-ance to low-income children isn’t just the smart thing to do; it is the right thing to do. 
I call on my colleagues to pass the 
CHIP refunding bill so that it doesn’t run out in September. Then States can plan so we can provide the health in-surance to 10 million children—almost all of whose parents work for a living and who simply don’t make enough money to provide insurance for their families. 
I yield the floor. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 10 A.M. 
TOMORROW 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ate stands adjourned until 10 a.m. to-morrow. 
Thereupon, the Senate, at 7:04 p.m., 
adjourned until Tuesday, March 10, 2015, at 10 a.m. 
f 
CONFIRMATIONS 
Executive nominations confirmed by 
the Senate March 9, 2015: 
EXECUTIVE OFFICE OF THE PRESIDENT  
DANIEL HENRY MARTI, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE INTELLEC-
TUAL PROPERTY ENFORCEMENT COORDINATOR, EXECU-TIVE OFFICE OF THE PRESIDENT. 
DEPARTMENT OF COMMERCE  
MICHELLE K. LEE, OF CALIFORNIA, TO BE UNDER SEC-
RETARY OF COMMERCE FOR INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY AND DIRECTOR OF THE UNITED STATES PATENT AND TRADEMARK OFFICE. 
FARM CREDIT ADMINISTRATION  
JEFFERY S. HALL, OF KENTUCKY, TO BE A MEMBER OF 
THE FARM CREDIT ADMINISTRATION BOARD, FARM CREDIT ADMINISTRATION, FOR A TERM EXPIRING OCTO-BER 13, 2018. 
DALLAS P. TONSAGER, OF SOUTH DAKOTA, TO BE A 
MEMBER OF THE FARM CREDIT ADMINISTRATION BOARD, FARM CREDIT ADMINISTRATION, FOR A TERM EXPIRING MAY 21, 2020. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:55 Mar 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\G09MR6.021 S09MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E317 March 9, 2015 
SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS 
Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, 
agreed to by the Senate of February 4, 1977, calls for establishment of a sys-tem for a computerized schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate com-mittees, subcommittees, joint commit-tees, and committees of conference. This title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate Daily Digest—designated by the Rules Com-mittee—of the time, place and purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or changes in the meetings as they occur. 
As an additional procedure along 
with the computerization of this infor-mation, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD  
on Monday and Wednesday of each week. 
Meetings scheduled for Tuesday, 
March 10, 2015 may be found in the Daily Digest of today’s R
ECORD . 
MEETINGS SCHEDULED 
MARCH 11 
9 a.m. 
Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Energy and Water Devel-
opment 
To hold hearings to examine proposed 
budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2016 for the National Nu-clear Safety Administration. 
SD–138 
9:30 a.m. 
Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on SeaPower 
To hold hearings to examine Marine 
Corps ground modernization in review of the Defense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2016 and the Future Years Defense Program. 
SR–222 
Committee on Foreign Relations 
To hold hearings to examine the Presi-
dent’s request for authorization to use force against the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (ISIS), focusing on military and diplomatic efforts. 
SD–106 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Department of the Inte-
rior, Environment, and Related Agen-cies 
To hold hearings to examine proposed 
budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2016 for Indian Health Serv-ice. 
SD–124 
Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Transportation, Housing 
and Urban Development, and Related Agencies 
To hold hearings to examine proposed 
budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2016 for the Department of 
Housing and Urban Development. 
SD–562 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and 
Transportation 
To hold hearings to examine a nation-
wide public safety wireless broadband network. 
SR–253 
Committee on Environment and Public 
Works 
To hold hearings to examine state regu-
lators’ perspectives on the clean power plan. 
SD–406 
Committee on the Judiciary 
To hold hearings to examine certain 
nominations. 
SD–226 
10:30 a.m. 
Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Department of Defense 
To hold hearings to examine proposed 
budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2016 for the Army. 
SD–192 
Committee on the Budget 
To hold hearings to examine benefits of a 
balanced budget. 
SD–608 
2 p.m. 
Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on State, Foreign Oper-
ations, and Related Programs 
To hold hearings to examine protecting 
religious freedom abroad. 
SD–124 
2:30 p.m. 
Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Readiness and Manage-
ment Support 
To hold hearings to examine military 
construction, environmental, energy, and base closure programs in review of the Defense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2016 and the Future Years Defense Program. 
SH–216 
Committee on Indian Affairs 
To hold hearings to examine the nomina-
tion of Jonodev Osceola Chaudhuri, of Arizona, to be Chairman of the Na-
tional Indian Gaming Commission. 
SD–628 
MARCH 12 
9:30 a.m. 
Committee on Armed Services 
To hold hearings to examine U.S. North-
ern Command and U.S. Southern Com-mand in review of the Defense Author-ization Request for fiscal year 2016 and the Future Years Defense Program; with the possibility of a closed session in SVC–217 following the open session. 
SD–G50 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and 
Transportation 
Subcommittee on Space, Science, and 
Competitiveness 
To hold hearings to examine the Presi-
dent’s proposed budget request for fis-cal year 2016 for the National Aero-nautics and Space Administration. 
SR–253 9:45 a.m. 
Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Legislative Branch 
To hold hearings to examine proposed 
budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2016 for the Secretary of the Senate, the Senate Sergeant at Arms, and the Capitol Police. 
SD–124 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Agriculture, Rural De-
velopment, Food and Drug Administra-tion, and Related Agencies 
To hold hearings to examine proposed 
budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2016 for the Food and Drug Administration. 
SD–138 
Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Commerce, Justice, 
Science, and Related Agencies 
To hold hearings to examine proposed 
budget estimates for fiscal year 2016 for the Federal Bureau of Investigation, U.S. Marshals Service, Drug Enforce-ment Administration, and Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explo-sives; to be followed by a closed session in SVC–217 at approximately 12:00 p.m. 
SD–192 
Committee on Energy and Natural Re-
sources 
To hold hearings to examine S. 556, to 
protect and enhance opportunities for recreational hunting, fishing, and shooting. 
SD–366 
Committee on Finance 
To hold hearings to examine protecting 
taxpayers from schemes and scams dur-
ing the 2015 tax filing season. 
SD–215 
Committee on Homeland Security and 
Governmental Affairs 
To hold hearings to examine the Visa 
Waiver Program, focusing on implica-tions for United States national secu-rity. 
SD–342 
10:30 a.m. 
Special Committee on Aging 
To hold hearings to examine how pre-
pared Americans are for retirement. 
SD–562 
2:30 p.m. 
Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Strategic Forces 
To receive a closed briefing on missile 
defense programs in review of the De-fense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2016 and the Future Years Defense Program. 
SVC–217 
Select Committee on Intelligence 
To hold closed hearings to examine cer-
tain intelligence matters. 
SH–219 
MARCH 16 
4 p.m. 
Committee on Homeland Security and 
Governmental Affairs 
To hold hearings to examine Federal im-
proper payments and errors in the Death Master File. 
SD–342 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:57 Mar 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\M09MR8.000 E09MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E318 March 9, 2015 
MARCH 17 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and 
Forestry 
To hold hearings to examine opportuni-
ties and challenges for agriculture trade with Cuba. 
SR–328A 
Committee on Energy and Natural Re-
sources 
To hold hearings to examine the state of 
technological innovation related to the electric grid. 
SD–366 
Committee on Environment and Public 
Works 
Subcommittee on Fisheries, Water, and 
Wildlife 
To hold hearings to examine S. 659, to 
protect and enhance opportunities for recreational hunting, fishing, and shooting. 
SD–406 
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, 
and Pensions 
To hold hearings to examine America’s 
health information technology (IT) transformation, focusing on trans-lating the promise of electronic health records into better care. 
SD–430 
Committee on Homeland Security and 
Governmental Affairs 
To hold hearings to examine securing the 
Southwest border, focusing on perspec-tives from beyond the beltway. 
SD–342 
Committee on the Judiciary 
To hold hearings to examine immigra-
tion reform, focusing on the American worker. 
SD–226 MARCH 18 
9:30 a.m. 
Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on SeaPower 
To hold hearings to examine Navy ship-
building programs in review of the De-fense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2016 and the Future Years Defense Program. 
SR–222 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs 
To hold a joint hearing with the House 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs to ex-amine the legislative presentation from multiple veterans service organi-zations. 
SD–G50 
2:30 p.m. 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and 
Transportation 
To hold an oversight hearing to examine 
the Federal Communications Commis-sion. 
SR–253 
MARCH 19 
9:30 a.m. 
Committee on Armed Services 
To hold hearings to examine U.S. Stra-
tegic Command, U.S. Transportation Command, and U.S. Cyber Command in review of the Defense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2016 and the Fu-ture Years Defense Program. 
SD–G50 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Energy and Natural Re-
sources 
To hold hearings to examine U.S. crude 
oil export policy. 
SD–366 2:30 p.m. 
Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Airland 
To hold hearings to examine Air Force 
force structure and modernization in review of the Defense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2016 and the Fu-ture Years Defense Program. 
SR–222 
MARCH 24 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Energy and Natural Re-
sources 
To hold hearings to examine manage-
ment reforms to improve forest health and socioeconomic opportunities on the nation’s forest system. 
SD–366 
MARCH 25 
2:30 p.m. 
Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Strategic Forces 
To hold hearings to examine ballistic 
missile defense programs in review of the Defense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2016 and the Future Years Defense Program. 
SR–222 
MARCH 26 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Energy and Natural Re-
sources 
To hold hearings to examine the Admin-
istration’s Quadrennial Energy Review. 
SD–366 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:57 Mar 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\M09MR8.000 E09MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D250 Monday, March 9, 2015 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S1323–S1341. 
Measures Introduced: Seven bills were introduced, 
as follows: S. 675–681.                                    Pages S1335–36 
Measures Passed: 
Office of Compliance Administrative and Tech-
nical Corrections Act: Senate passed H.R. 1213, to 
make administrative and technical corrections to the Congressional Accountability Act of 1995. 
                                                                                            Page S1328 
Appointments: 
Advisory Committee on the Records of Congress: 
The Chair announced, on behalf of the Majority Leader, pursuant to Public Law 101–509, the re-appointment of the following individual to serve as a member of the Advisory Committee on the Records of Congress: Deborah Skaggs Speth of Ken-tucky vice Thomas Mackey of Kentucky.
     Page S1339 
Board of Trustees of the Harry S. Truman 
Scholarship Foundation: The Chair, on behalf of the 
Vice President, pursuant to Public Law 93–642, ap-pointed the following Senator to be a member of the Board of Trustees of the Harry S. Truman Scholar-ship Foundation: Senator McCaskill vice The Honor-able Mark Begich of Alaska.
                                Page S1339 
Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act—Agree-ment: A unanimous-consent agreement was reached 
providing that the motion to invoke cloture on the motion to proceed to consideration of S. 625, to pro-vide for congressional review and oversight of agree-ments relating to Iran’s nuclear program, be with-drawn.
                                                                              Page S1323 
Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act—Agree-ment: A unanimous-consent agreement was reached 
providing that at 11 a.m., on Tuesday, March 10, 2015, Senate begin consideration of S. 178, to pro-vide justice for the victims of trafficking, until 12:30 p.m. with the time equally divided. 
                                                                                            Page S1329 
Nominations Confirmed: Senate confirmed the fol-
lowing nominations: By a unanimous vote of 92 yeas (Vote No. EX. 
69), Daniel Henry Marti, of Virginia, to be Intellec-tual Property Enforcement Coordinator, Executive Office of the President.
                     Pages S1329–31, S1341 
Michelle K. Lee, of California, to be Under Sec-
retary of Commerce for Intellectual Property and Di-rector of the United States Patent and Trademark Office.
                                                        Pages S1329–31, S1341 
Jeffery S. Hall, of Kentucky, to be a Member of 
the Farm Credit Administration Board, Farm Credit Administration, for a term expiring October 13, 2018.
                                                          Pages S1329–31, S1341 
Dallas P. Tonsager, of South Dakota, to be a 
Member of the Farm Credit Administration Board, Farm Credit Administration, for a term expiring May 21, 2020.
                                       Pages S1329–31, S1341 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S1335 
Measures Referred:                                                 Page S1335 
Executive Communications:                             Page S1335 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S1336–37 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S1334–35 
Amendments Submitted:                           Pages S1337–39 
Record Votes: One record vote was taken today. 
(Total—69)                                                                    Page S1331 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 2 p.m. and ad-
journed at 7:04 p.m., until 10 a.m. on Tuesday, March 10, 2015. (For Senate’s program, see the re-marks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S1339.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
U.S. STATUS AS AN ARCTIC NATION 
Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: On Thurs-
day, March 5, 2015, Committee concluded a hearing to examine opportunities for the United States to build on its status as an Arctic nation for the better-ment of the nation and those who live in the Arctic, after receiving testimony from Admiral Robert J. Papp, Jr., Special Representative for the Arctic, De-partment of State; Alaska State Senator Lesil 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:07 Mar 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D09MR5.REC D09MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D251 March 9, 2015 
McGuire, Anchorage; Alaska State Representative 
Bob Herron, Bethel; Mayor Charlotte Brower, North Slope Borough, Alaska; Cecilia M. Bitz, University of Washington, Seattle; and Patrick R. Arnold, 
Maine Port Authority, Portland, on behalf of SOLI DG. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
The House was not in session today. The House 
is scheduled to meet at 12 noon on Tuesday, March 10, 2015. 
Committee Meetings 
No hearings were held. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
NEW PUBLIC LAWS 
(For last listing of Public Laws, see DAILY DIGEST , p. D205) 
H.R. 240, making appropriations for the Depart-
ment of Homeland Security for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2015. Signed on March 4, 2015. (Public Law 114–4) 
H.R. 431, to award a Congressional Gold Medal 
to the Foot Soldiers who participated in Bloody Sun-day, Turnaround Tuesday, or the final Selma to Montgomery Voting Rights March in March of 1965, which served as a catalyst for the Voting Rights Act of 1965. Signed on March 7, 2015. (Public Law 114–5) 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR TUESDAY, 
MARCH 10, 2015 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Military 
Construction and Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies, to hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2016 for the Veterans Health Administration, 2:30 p.m., SD–124. 
Subcommittee on Legislative Branch, to hold hearings 
to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2016 for the Congressional Budget Office and the Government Accountability Office, 3 p.m., SD–138. 
Committee on Armed Services: to hold hearings to examine 
the posture of the Department of the Navy in review of the Defense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2016 and the Future Years Defense Program, 9:30 a.m., 
SD–G50. 
Subcommittee on Emerging Threats and Capabilities, 
to receive a closed briefing on Iran’s military and intel-ligence activities and impact on regional security, 2:30 p.m., SVC–217. 
Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: Sub-
committee on Securities, Insurance, and Investment, to hold hearings to examine venture exchanges and small- cap companies, 10 a.m., SD–538. 
Committee on Finance: to hold hearings to examine tax 
complexity, compliance, and administration, focusing on the merits of simplification in tax reform, 10 a.m., SD–215. 
Committee on Foreign Relations: to hold hearings to exam-
ine United States policy in Ukraine, focusing on coun-tering Russia and driving reform, 10 a.m., SD–419. 
Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine the 
nominations of Stafford Fitzgerald Haney, of New Jersey, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Costa Rica, Gentry O. Smith, of North Carolina, to be Director of the Office of Foreign Missions, and to have the rank of Ambassador during his tenure of service, and Charles C. Adams, Jr., of Maryland, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Fin-land, all of the Department of State, and Matthew T. McGuire, of the District of Columbia, to be United States Executive Director of the International Bank for Reconstruction and Development, 2:30 p.m., SD–419. 
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: to 
hold hearings to examine continuing America’s leadership in medical innovation for patients, 10 a.m., SD–430. 
Committee on Judiciary: Subcommittee on Antitrust, 
Competition Policy and Consumer Rights, to hold hear-ings to examine the antitrust decrees that govern the market for music, 10 a.m., SD–226. 
Select Committee on Intelligence: to receive a closed brief-
ing on certain intelligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. 
House 
No hearings are scheduled. 
f 
CONGRESSIONAL PROGRAM AHEAD 
Week of March 10 through March 13, 2015 
Senate Chamber 
On Tuesday , at approximately 11 a.m., Senate will 
begin consideration of S. 178, Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:07 Mar 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D09MR5.REC D09MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D252 March 9, 2015 
During the balance of the week, Senate may con-
sider any cleared legislative and executive business. 
Senate Committees 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Committee on Appropriations: March 10, Subcommittee 
on Military Construction and Veterans Affairs, and Re-lated Agencies, to hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2016 for the Veterans Health Administration, 2:30 p.m., SD–124. 
March 10, Subcommittee on Legislative Branch, to 
hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2016 for the Congressional Budget Office and the Government Accountability Office, 3 p.m., SD–138. 
March 11, Subcommittee on Energy and Water Devel-
opment, to hold hearings to examine proposed budget es-timates and justification for fiscal year 2016 for the Na-tional Nuclear Safety Administration, 9 a.m., SD–138. 
March 11, Subcommittee on Department of the Inte-
rior, Environment, and Related Agencies, to hold hear-ings to examine proposed budget estimates and justifica-tion for fiscal year 2016 for Indian Health Service, 10 a.m., SD–124. 
March 11, Subcommittee on Transportation, Housing 
and Urban Development, and Related Agencies, to hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and jus-tification for fiscal year 2016 for the Department of Housing and Urban Development, 10 a.m., SD–562. 
March 11, Subcommittee on Department of Defense, to 
hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2016 for the Army, 10:30 a.m., SD–192. 
March 11, Subcommittee on State, Foreign Operations, 
and Related Programs, to hold hearings to examine pro-tecting religious freedom abroad, 2 p.m., SD–124. 
March 12, Subcommittee on Legislative Branch, to 
hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2016 for the Secretary of the Senate, the Senate Sergeant at Arms, and the Capitol Po-lice, 9:45 a.m., SD–124. 
March 12, Subcommittee on Commerce, Justice, 
Science, and Related Agencies, to hold hearings to exam-ine proposed budget estimates for fiscal year 2016 for the Federal Bureau of Investigation, U.S. Marshals Service, 
Drug Enforcement Administration, and Bureau of Alco-hol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives; to be followed by a closed session in SVC–217 at approximately 12 p.m, 10 a.m., SD–192. 
March 12, Subcommittee on Agriculture, Rural Devel-
opment, Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies, to hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2016 for the Food and Drug Administration, 10 a.m., SD–138. 
Committee on Armed Services: March 10, to hold hearings 
to examine the posture of the Department of the Navy in review of the Defense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2016 and the Future Years Defense Program, 9:30 a.m., SD–G50. 
March 10, Subcommittee on Emerging Threats and 
Capabilities, to receive a closed briefing on Iran’s military and intelligence activities and impact on regional secu-
rity, 2:30 p.m., SVC–217. 
March 11, Subcommittee on SeaPower, to hold hear-
ings to examine Marine Corps ground modernization in review of the Defense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2016 and the Future Years Defense Program, 9:30 a.m., SR–222. 
March 11, Subcommittee on Readiness and Manage-
ment Support, to hold hearings to examine military con-struction, environmental, energy, and base closure pro-grams in review of the Defense Authorization Request for 
fiscal year 2016 and the Future Years Defense Program, 2:30 p.m., SH–216. 
March 12, Full Committee, to hold hearings to exam-
ine U.S. Northern Command and U.S. Southern Com-mand in review of the Defense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2016 and the Future Years Defense Program; with the possibility of a closed session in SVC–217 fol-lowing the open session, 9:30 a.m., SD–G50. 
March 12, Subcommittee on Strategic Forces, to receive 
a closed briefing on missile defense programs in review of the Defense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2016 and the Future Years Defense Program, 2:30 p.m., SVC–217. 
Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: 
March 10, Subcommittee on Securities, Insurance, and In-vestment, to hold hearings to examine venture exchanges and small-cap companies, 10 a.m., SD–538. 
Committee on the Budget: March 11, to hold hearings to 
examine benefits of a balanced budget, 10:30 a.m., SD–608. 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: March 
11, to hold hearings to examine a nationwide public safe-ty wireless broadband network, 10 a.m., SR–253. 
March 12, Subcommittee on Space, Science, and Com-
petitiveness, to hold hearings to examine the President’s proposed budget request for fiscal year 2016 for the Na-tional Aeronautics and Space Administration, 9:30 a.m., SR–253. 
Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: March 12, to 
hold hearings to examine S. 556, to protect and enhance opportunities for recreational hunting, fishing, and shoot-ing, 10 a.m., SD–366. 
Committee on Environment and Public Works: March 11, 
to hold hearings to examine state regulators’ perspectives on the clean power plan, 10 a.m., SD–406. 
Committee on Finance: March 10, to hold hearings to ex-
amine tax complexity, compliance, and administration, focusing on the merits of simplification in tax reform, 10 a.m., SD–215. 
March 12, Full Committee, to hold hearings to exam-
ine protecting taxpayers from schemes and scams during the 2015 tax filing season, 10 a.m., SD–215. 
Committee on Foreign Relations: March 10, to hold hear-
ings to examine United States policy in Ukraine, focusing on countering Russia and driving reform, 10 a.m., SD–419. 
March 10, Full Committee, to hold hearings to exam-
ine the nominations of Stafford Fitzgerald Haney, of New Jersey, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Costa Rica, Gentry O. Smith, of North Carolina, to be Director of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:07 Mar 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D09MR5.REC D09MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D253 March 9, 2015 
the Office of Foreign Missions, and to have the rank of 
Ambassador during his tenure of service, and Charles C. Adams, Jr., of Maryland, to be Ambassador to the Re-public of Finland, all of the Department of State, and Matthew T. McGuire, of the District of Columbia, to be United States Executive Director of the International Bank for Reconstruction and Development, 2:30 p.m., SD–419. 
March 11, Full Committee, to hold hearings to exam-
ine the President’s request for authorization to use force against the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (ISIS), focusing on military and diplomatic efforts, 9:30 a.m., SD–106. 
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: 
March 10, to hold hearings to examine continuing Amer-ica’s leadership in medical innovation for patients, 10 a.m., SD–430. 
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: 
March 12, to hold hearings to examine the Visa Waiver Program, focusing on implications for United States na-tional security, 10 a.m., SD–342. Committee on Indian Affairs: March 11, to hold hearings 
to examine the nomination of Jonodev Osceola Chaudhuri, of Arizona, to be Chairman of the National Indian Gaming Commission, 2:30 p.m., SD–628. 
Committee on Judiciary: March 10, Subcommittee on 
Antitrust, Competition Policy and Consumer Rights, to hold hearings to examine the antitrust decrees that gov-ern the market for music, 10 a.m., SD–226. 
March 11, Full Committee, to hold hearings to exam-
ine certain nominations, 10 a.m., SD–226. 
Select Committee on Intelligence: March 10, to receive a 
closed briefing on certain intelligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. 
March 12, Full Committee, to hold closed hearings to 
examine certain intelligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. 
Special Committee on Aging: March 12, to hold hearings 
to examine how prepared Americans are for retirement, 10:30 a.m., SD–562. 
House Committees 
No hearings are scheduled. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:07 Mar 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D09MR5.REC D09MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postage
is paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are
printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances when
two or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through
the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov , free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the
Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.
Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov . ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S.
Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made
payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing
each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents
in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from
the Congressional Record .
POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record , U.S. Government Publishing Office,
Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD254 March 9, 2015 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 
10 a.m., Tuesday, March 10 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: After the transaction of any 
morning business (not to extend beyond 11 a.m.), Senate will begin consideration of S. 178, Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act. 
(Senate will recess from 12:30 p.m. until 2:15 p.m. for their 
respective party conferences.) Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
12 noon, Tuesday, March 10 
House Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: To be announced. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:07 Mar 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D09MR5.REC D09MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST