Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H3257 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, MAY 18, 2015 No. 76 
House of Representatives 
The House met at noon and was 
called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. W
OMACK ). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF SPEAKER PRO 
TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, 
May 18, 2015. 
I hereby appoint the Honorable S TEVE  
WOMACK to act as Speaker pro tempore on 
this day. 
JOHNA. B OEHNER , 
Speaker of the House of Representatives. 
f 
MORNING-HOUR DEBATE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the order of the House of Janu-ary 6, 2015, the Chair would now recog-nize Members from lists submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate. 
f 
RECESS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until 2 p.m. today. 
Accordingly (at 12 o’clock and 1 
minute p.m.), the House stood in re-cess. 
f 
b1400 
AFTER RECESS 
The recess having expired, the House 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. W
ALKER ) at 2 p.m. 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick 
J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: 
Almighty God of the universe, we 
give You thanks for giving us another day. We pray for the gift of wisdom to all 
with great responsibility in this House for the leadership of our Nation. 
As the Members return from their 
various districts and our Nation enters a week which ends with Memorial Day, may we all be mindful in the busyness of life to remember our citizen ances-tors who served our Nation in the armed services. 
Grant that their sacrifice of self and, 
for so many, of life would inspire all of America’s citizens to step forward, in whatever their path of life, to make a positive contribution to the strength of our democracy. 
Bless us this day and every day, and 
may all that is done within these hal-lowed Halls be for Your greater honor and glory. 
Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-
nal stands approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the 
gentleman from Ohio (Mr. C HABOT ) 
come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. 
Mr. CHABOT led the Pledge of Alle-
giance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
REGULATORY INTEGRITY 
PROTECTION ACT 
(Mr. SMITH of Nebraska asked and 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SMITH of Nebraska. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise today in support of H.R. 1732, the Regulatory Integrity Protection Act, and applaud its passage by the House of Representatives. This bill pro-hibits the EPA from using its Waters of the U.S. rule to expand its authority beyond, way beyond, congressional in-tent. 
Waters of the U.S. is yet another ex-
ecutive overreach by this administra-
tion. The Clean Water Act inten-tionally limited the EPA’s jurisdiction to navigable waters, yet Waters of the U.S. would expand Federal jurisdiction to include virtually all water flows— from ditches to prairie potholes—even on private land. 
Nebraskans are concerned Waters of 
the U.S. could severely harm our ag economy by increasing costs and un-certainty for producers. 
America’s farmers and ranchers are 
already great stewards of the land and take numerous steps to protect our natural resources. By blocking the Waters of the U.S. rule, H.R. 1732 stops the administration’s latest power grab and supports ag producers across the country. 
f 
CONGRATULATING THE HOUSTON 
ROCKETS AND HOUSTON ASTROS 
(Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas asked 
and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. 
Speaker, it doesn’t take long for a Texan to brag about things that we do in Texas. But I wanted to take my 1 minute today to talk about what the Houston Rockets have done for the first time in 19 years to advance to the next level of the NBA playoffs, being a Rockets fan for as long as we have had them. I know all Houstonians and bas-ketball fans were amazed that they came from three games behind to win. 
Also, basketball is not the only 
thing. In fact, a couple blocks from 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:33 May 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18MY7.000 H18MYPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3258 May 18, 2015 
where the Rockets play, the Houston 
Astros are playing. A few years ago, we had the worst team in baseball, but they have been leading their division and just swept another home stand. 
So I want to congratulate the Hous-
ton Rockets for moving forward in the playoffs and also the Houston Astros because it is a long season. We need to keep it up. But they are bringing sports history into Houston again. 
f 
SIXTH ANNIVERSARY OF THE END 
OF SRI LANKA’S CIVIL WAR 
(Mr. CHABOT asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to mark the sixth anniversary of the end of the civil war in Sri Lanka. In a brutal war that lasted 37 years, we saw nearly 100,000 people killed—many of them civilians—as a result of the tensions between the country’s Bud-dhist majority and Hindu minority. 
Since the war ended, however, cor-
ruption and ongoing human rights abuses have prevented Sri Lanka from reaching a national reconciliation. 
Then in January of this year, we saw 
President Sirisena democratically elected with significant support from the Sinhalese, Tamil, and Muslim com-munities. 
Mr. Speaker, on this fortuitous occa-
sion, I call on the new government to release the 200 detained political pris-oners, account for the nearly 20,000 missing civilians from the war, and end oppressive restrictions on the Tamil provinces. 
This sixth anniversary serves as a re-
minder of Sri Lanka’s war-torn past and a chance to move it toward a fu-ture of democracy, justice, and equal-ity for all its people because only then can Sri Lanka finally achieve the sta-bility, peace, and prosperity that it de-serves. 
f 
PROTECTING NORTH CAROLINA 
FARMERS AND LANDOWNERS 
(Ms. FOXX asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, in 2014, the 
U.S. Environmental Protection Agency and the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers issued a rule that would significantly broaden the Federal Government’s power to regulate waters and adjacent lands under the Clean Water Act. 
The Waters of the United States rule 
would give the Federal Government ju-risdiction over puddles, roadside ditches, irrigation ditches, and storm and wastewater systems. Federal agen-cies frequently place burdensome regu-lations on the American public, and this rule is no exception. 
Fortunately, last week, the House 
passed H.R. 1732, the Regulatory Integ-rity Protection Act, which would re-quire the agencies to start over and de-velop a new rule in consultation with State and local governments and other 
stakeholders. This commonsense legis-lation prevents an out-of-touch admin-istration from threatening the liveli-hood of North Carolina’s farmers and saddling local governments with exor-bitant compliance costs. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE 
CLERK OF THE HOUSE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
Washington, DC, May 15, 2015. 
Hon. J OHNA. B OEHNER , 
The Speaker, The Capitol, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-
mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, I have the honor to transmit a sealed envelope received from the White House on May 15, 2015, at 3:33 p.m., and said to contain a message from the President whereby he submits a copy of a notice filed earlier with the Federal Register continuing the emer-gency with Burma first declared in Execu-tive Order 13047 of May 20, 1997. 
With best wishes, I am 
Sincerely, 
R
OBERT F. R EEVES , 
Deputy Clerk. 
f 
CONTINUATION OF THE NATIONAL 
EMERGENCY WITH RESPECT TO BURMA—MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES (H. DOC. NO. 114–39) 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following message from the President of the United States; which was read and, together with the accompanying papers, referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs and ordered to be printed: 
To the Congress of the United States: 
Section 202(d) of the National Emer-
gencies Act (50 U.S.C. 1622(d)) provides for the automatic termination of a na-tional emergency unless, within 90 days prior to the anniversary date of its declaration, the President publishes in the Federal Register and transmits to 
the Congress a notice stating that the emergency is to continue in effect be-yond the anniversary date. In accord-ance with this provision, I have sent to the Federal Register for publication the 
enclosed notice stating that the na-tional emergency with respect to Burma that was declared on May 20, 1997, is to continue in effect beyond May 20, 2015. The Government of Burma has made significant progress across a number of important areas, in-cluding the release of over 1,300 polit-ical prisoners, continued progress to-ward a nationwide cease-fire, the dis-charge of hundreds of child soldiers from the military, steps to improve labor standards, and expanding polit-ical space for civil society to have a greater voice in shaping issues critical to Burma’s future. In addition, Burma has become a signatory of the Inter-
national Atomic Energy Agency’s Ad-ditional Protocol and ratified the Bio-logical Weapons Convention, signifi-cant steps towards supporting global nonproliferation. Despite these strides, the situation in the country continues to pose an unusual and extraordinary threat to the national security and for-eign policy of the United States. 
Concerns persist regarding the ongo-
ing conflict and human rights abuses in the country, particularly in ethnic mi-nority areas and Rakhine State. In ad-dition, Burma’s military operates with little oversight from the civilian gov-ernment and often acts with impunity. For these reasons, I have determined that it is necessary to continue the na-tional emergency with respect to Burma. 
Despite this action, the United 
States remains committed to sup-porting and strengthening Burma’s re-form efforts and to continue working both with the Burmese government and people to ensure that the democratic transition is sustained and irreversible. 
B
ARACK OBAMA .
THEWHITE HOUSE , May 15, 2015. 
f 
RECESS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until ap-proximately 4 p.m. today. 
Accordingly (at 2 o’clock and 9 min-
utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1605 
AFTER RECESS 
The recess having expired, the House 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. R
OTHFUS ) at 4 o’clock and 
5 minutes p.m. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, the Chair will postpone further proceedings today on motions to suspend the rules on which a recorded vote or the yeas and nays are ordered, or on which the vote incurs objection under clause 6 of rule XX. 
Record votes on postponed questions 
will be taken later. 
f 
HOMELESS VETERANS’ RE-
INTEGRATION PROGRAMS REAU-
THORIZATION ACT OF 2015 
Mr. WENSTRUP. Mr. Speaker, I 
move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 474) to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for a five-year extension to the homeless veterans re-integration programs and to provide clarification regarding eligibility for services under such programs. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 474 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:06 May 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18MY7.007 H18MYPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3259 May 18, 2015 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Homeless 
Veterans’ Reintegration Programs Reauthor-ization Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. FIVE-YEAR EXTENSION OF HOMELESS 
VETERANS REINTEGRATION PRO-GRAMS. 
Section 2021(e)(F) of title 38, United States 
Code, is amended by striking ‘‘2015’’ and in-serting ‘‘2020’’. 
SEC. 3. CLARIFICATION OF ELIGIBILITY FOR 
SERVICES UNDER HOMELESS VET-ERANS REINTEGRATION PROGRAMS. 
Subsection (a) of section 2021 of title 38, 
United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘reintegration of homeless veterans into the labor force.’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘reintegration into the labor force of—’’ 
‘‘(1) homeless veterans; ‘‘(2) veterans participating in the Depart-
ment of Veterans Affairs supported housing program for which rental assistance provided pursuant to section 8(o)(19) of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437f(o)(19)); and 
‘‘(3) veterans who are transitioning from 
being incarcerated.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. W
ENSTRUP ) and the gentle-
woman from Nevada (Ms. T ITUS) each 
will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Ohio. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. WENSTRUP. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days in which to re-vise and extend their remarks and add extraneous material on H.R. 474. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Ohio? 
There was no objection. Mr. WENSTRUP. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, H.R. 474, the Homeless 
Veterans’ Reintegration Programs Re-authorization Act of 2015 would extend this very good job training and place-ment program for homeless veterans. 
This bill would also make some com-
monsense changes to the program’s eli-gibility rules by making veterans housed under the HUD-VA supported housing program and formerly incar-cerated veterans eligible for HVRP. 
Mr. Speaker, by making those eligi-
bility changes, we will be offering training and placement services to groups of veterans who are largely un-employed and have significant barriers to employment. The program’s history of a job placement rate of 70 percent has been recognized by many as among the best in the Federal Government and I believe warrants its continu-ation. 
With that, Mr. Speaker, I reserve the 
balance of my time. 
Ms. TITUS. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I, too, rise in support of 
H.R. 474, the Homeless Veterans’ Re-integration Programs Reauthorization Act of 2015. This bipartisan bill reau-thorizes the highly successful Homeless Veterans’ Reintegration Program, HVRP, which provides grants to train and reintegrate homeless veterans into meaningful employment. H.R. 474 also clarifies that in addi-
tion to homeless veterans, those par-ticipating in the HUD-VASH voucher program and those transitioning from being incarcerated are also eligible to participate in HVRP. HVRP is unique among Federal programs, as it is dedi-cated to providing employment assist-ance to homeless veterans. Other pro-grams that we hear much about focus on needs such as emergency shelter, food, and abuse treatment. 
Homeless veterans often face a vari-
ety of problems that can bar them from traditional employment pathways, in-cluding severe PTSD, histories of sub-stance abuse, and encounters with the criminal justice system. HVRP service providers give our homeless veterans specialized intensive counseling and services to help them find a positive pathway forward, resulting in gainful employment. 
This bill will not incur any direct 
spending costs, nor will discretionary costs be beyond the minimal. 
Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Chair-
man W
ENSTRUP for his hard work on 
this bill, as well as Ranking Member T
AKANO for his efforts to advance this 
legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. WENSTRUP. Mr. Speaker, once 
again, I encourage all Members to sup-port my bill, H.R. 474. I have no further speakers at this time, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Ms. TITUS. Mr. Speaker, I, too, urge 
my colleagues to support H.R. 474. It is a good bill that will reauthorize and clarify the Homeless Veterans’ Re-integration Program, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. WENSTRUP. Again, Mr. Speak-
er, I encourage all Members to support my bill, H.R. 474, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. W
ENSTRUP ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 474. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
ENSURING VA EMPLOYEE 
ACCOUNTABILITY ACT 
Mr. WENSTRUP. Mr. Speaker, I 
move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1038) to amend title 38, United States Code, to require the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs to retain a copy of any reprimand or admonish-ment received by an employee of the Department in the permanent record of the employee. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1038 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Ensuring VA 
Employee Accountability Act’’. SEC. 2. RETENTION OF RECORDS OF REP-
RIMANDS AND ADMONISHMENTS RE-CEIVED BY EMPLOYEES OF THE DE-PARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 7 of title 38, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘§ 714. Record of reprimands and admonish-
ments 
‘‘If any employee of the Department re-
ceives a reprimand or admonishment, the Secretary shall retain a copy of such rep-rimand or admonishment in the permanent record of the employee as long as the em-ployee is employed by the Department.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
sections at the beginning of such chapter is amended by adding at the end the following new item: 
‘‘714. Record of reprimands and admonish-
ments.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. W
ENSTRUP ) and the gentle-
woman from Nevada (Ms. T ITUS) each 
will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Ohio. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. WENSTRUP. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days in which to re-vise and extend their remarks and add extraneous material on H.R. 1038. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Ohio? 
There was no objection. Mr. WENSTRUP. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, currently, if a VA em-
ployee is either reprimanded or admon-ished for their performance, all records of those administrative punishments are removed from the employee’s per-sonnel file within 3 years and 2 years, respectively. Subsequent to the re-moval of these personnel actions, there is no record of their poor performance or acts regardless of how many dif-ferent jobs they hold within the VA or how long they remain a VA employee. 
Mr. Speaker, personnel policies and 
rules such as we are addressing today are part of the culture of no account-ability at the Department of Veterans Affairs that have contributed signifi-cantly to the recent public scandals. The list of scandals now includes the abuse of the purchase card program where some VA employees were spend-ing $5 billion annually on goods and services without contracts, which was exposed at the Veterans’ Affairs Com-mittee hearings last Thursday. 
Mr. Speaker, it is time to ensure that 
only the most ethical and most quali-fied employees who benefit from the tax dollars that support them move up through the ranks at VA. One way to assist that is to retain an employee’s entire history in their personnel file. Now, no one is saying that employees can’t improve their performance after being reprimanded or admonished, but managers should know the complete history of their staff or potential staff members. 
With that, Mr. Speaker, I reserve the 
balance of my time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:06 May 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18MY7.005 H18MYPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3260 May 18, 2015 
Ms. TITUS. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I, too, rise in support of 
H.R. 1038, the Ensuring VA Employee Accountability Act of 2015. 
Currently, when a VA employee is 
reprimanded for misconduct, the paper-work describing the incident is re-moved from that employee’s file after 3 years. Paperwork describing an inci-dent leading to an admonishment is taken out after just 2 years. H.R. 1038 requires the Secretary to maintain all written reprimands and admonish-ments of any VA employee in that em-ployee’s file for the entire duration of his or her employment at VA. 
As members of the House Veterans’ 
Affairs Committee work to ensure ef-fective oversight of VA actions, it is 
important to maintain a record of VA employees’ past misconduct. At the same time we are working toward greater accountability, we must also ensure that increased transparency does not come at the expense of fair-ness and the equitable treatment of VA employees. 
Mr. Speaker, I look forward to work-
ing with my colleagues and all inter-ested parties to clarify the intent of this legislation to ensure that we are not inadvertently affecting the use of negotiated settlement agreements when appropriate and that admonish-ments and reprimands are not wrongly used to silence whistleblowers. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
b1615 
Mr. WENSTRUP. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
2 minutes to the gentleman from Penn-sylvania (Mr. C
OSTELLO ), the author of 
this bill. 
Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. 
Speaker, it is my pleasure to come be-fore you today to speak on behalf of this commonsense effort to ensure greater employee accountability with-in the Department of Veterans Affairs. 
We all agree that our veterans de-
serve the best service and care possible, and it is our responsibility to ensure that that care is provided by respon-sible employees. 
My legislation, H.R. 1038, Ensuring 
VA Employee Accountability Act, is a further step in this direction. As you know, the VA carries out their discipli-nary actions in a tiered system, and the two most commonly used are the lower-tiered actions, admonishments and reprimands. 
As the VA continues to review the 
findings of the recent inspector gen-eral’s investigations related to data manipulation, backlogs, and excessive wait times, it is apparent that a great-er number of admonishments and rep-rimands are being issued to at-fault employees. 
However, in the current policy, these 
disciplinary actions remain in an em-ployee’s file for only 3 years and are then deleted. This prevents the keeping of complete employee files and doesn’t allow the poor performers within the VA to be tracked or held accountable. Veterans expect the correct discipli-
nary action to be administered—in-deed, all taxpayers do—and not simply the issuance of a temporary written warning. Therefore, as the VA con-tinues to issue these lower-tier dis-ciplinary actions more heavily than others, it is important that the per-sonnel actions remain in the employ-ee’s record while employed at the VA. 
My bill requires all reprimands and 
admonishments remain in a VA em-ployee’s file as long as they are em-ployed at the VA, ensuring that the VA maintains good, complete employee records and holds those who care for our veterans accountable. 
There are some concerns that this 
legislation could negatively impact flexibility in resolving routine per-sonnel disputes, but there is nothing in this bill that imposes new employee penalties or would affect the existing process for a VA employee to appeal a disciplinary action. 
We are open to working with our 
Senate counterparts to ensure that nothing in this legislation prevents a VA employee’s ability to dispute a dis-ciplinary action before a reprimand or admonishment is placed in their record. It is simply another tool for the Secretary to hold employees account-able during their tenure at the VA. 
Mr. Speaker, I hope my colleagues 
will support my legislation to promote transparency and accountability where it is needed. 
Ms. TITUS. Mr. Speaker, I commend 
Mr. C
OSTELLO for his work on this bill. 
I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 
1038 and to work with all of us to make sure going forward that the intent of the bill is accurately realized. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. WENSTRUP. Mr. Speaker, once 
again, I encourage all Members to sup-port H.R. 1038, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. W
ENSTRUP ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1038. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
SERVICE DISABLED VETERAN 
OWNED SMALL BUSINESS RE-LIEF ACT 
Mr. WENSTRUP. Mr. Speaker, I 
move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1313) to amend title 38, United States Code, to enhance the treatment of certain small business concerns for purposes of Department of Veterans Affairs contracting goals and preferences. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1313 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Service Dis-
abled Veteran Owned Small Business Relief Act’’. 
SEC. 2. MODIFICATION OF TREATMENT UNDER 
CONTRACTING GOALS AND PREF-ERENCES OF DEPARTMENT OF VET-ERANS AFFAIRS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 8127(h) of title 38, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘rated as’’ 
and all that follows through ‘‘disability.’’ and inserting a period; and 
(2) in paragraph (2), by amending subpara-
graph (C) to read as follows: 
‘‘(C) The date that— ‘‘(i) in the case of a surviving spouse of a 
veteran with a service-connected disability rated as 100 percent disabling or who dies as a result of a service-connected disability, is 10 years after the date of the veteran’s death; or 
‘‘(ii) in the case of a surviving spouse of a 
veteran with a service-connected disability rated as less than 100 percent disabling who does not die as a result of a service-con-nected disability, is three years after the date of the veteran’s death.’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by subsection (a) shall take effect on the date that is 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act and shall apply with respect to contracts awarded on or after such date. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. W
ENSTRUP ) and the gentle-
woman from Nevada (Ms. T ITUS) each 
will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Ohio. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. WENSTRUP. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and to add extraneous material on H.R. 1313. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Ohio? 
There was no objection. Mr. WENSTRUP. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, H.R. 1313 would amend 
title 38 to allow certain surviving spouses of service-disabled small-busi-ness owners to continue to be classified as a service-disabled veteran-owned small business for a 3-year period fol-lowing the death of the veteran owner. 
Current law limits the continuation 
to just the surviving spouses of dis-abled veterans rated at 100 percent by VA. By changing the law, we will en-able surviving spouses of the vast ma-jority of small businesses owned by service-disabled veterans to make the transition from a preferred VA con-tractor to the private sector market. This small change will also provide a large measure of financial stability to surviving spouses. 
I see this as another commonsense 
bill, and I thank Mr. M
CNERNEY for 
bringing it to us. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. TITUS. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise to support H.R. 
1313, the Service Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business Relief Act of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:41 May 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18MY7.011 H18MYPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3261 May 18, 2015 
2015. Veterans who are rated as 100 per-
cent disabled by the Department of Veterans Affairs and who own at least 51 percent of their small business re-ceive preferred status in the Federal contracting process. 
If the veteran small-business owner 
passes away, the surviving family members and business partners are not allowed any time to transition away from this preferred status, thereby put-ting their businesses in jeopardy of los-ing any Federal contracts they may have. Last year, there were an esti-mated 500,000 of these businesses na-tionwide. 
This bill provides a 3-year transition 
period during which the business would keep its preferential status and any Federal contracts associated with that status should the veteran owner pass away. 
Current law does, however, allow the 
surviving spouse to maintain preferred status for up to 3 years following the death of a veteran owner, but only if that veteran had a 100 percent service- connected disability rating and died due to the disability. 
H.R. 1313 further expands the transi-
tion period from 3 to 10 years after the veteran owner’s death if the veteran were either 100 percent disabled or died from a service-connected disability. 
H.R. 1313 is a fair policy that will en-
sure we protect the hard work and in-vestment of our service-connected dis-abled veterans who own small busi-nesses. 
I would like to thank Chairman 
W
ENSTRUP and Ranking Member 
TAKANO of the Subcommittee on Eco-
nomic Opportunity of the Veterans’ Af-fairs Committee for their support of this bill and Mr. M
CNERNEY for bring-
ing it to us. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WENSTRUP. Mr. Speaker, at 
this time, I, again, reserve the balance of my time. 
Ms. TITUS. Mr. Speaker, at this 
time, I yield 5 minutes to the gen-tleman from California (Mr. M
CNER-
NEY). 
Mr. M CNERNEY. Mr. Speaker, first, I 
want to thank Chairman W ENSTRUP  
and Ranking Member T AKANO for their 
continued work on behalf of our Na-tion’s veterans and for bringing these commonsense bills to the floor today. 
Small businesses are the economic 
drivers in our communities, and we must give them opportunities they need to grow and prosper. Veteran en-trepreneurs, in particular, are some of the most apt at starting, managing, and growing small businesses. 
In the United States, there are about 
5 million veteran-owned businesses and an estimated 500,000 service-disabled veteran-owned small businesses. A service-disabled veteran-owned small business is one that must be at least 51 percent directly owned and controlled by one or more service-disabled vet-erans. 
The Federal Government established 
procurement contracting goals for small businesses in 1978 and set aside 3 
percent of the total value of all Federal contracts for veteran-owned small businesses. Although some Federal agencies meet these goals, there are no penalties for not meeting the 3 percent small business procurement goal. The VA is diligent, on the other hand, in meeting this goal. 
Under current law, if a veteran who 
was rated 100 percent disabled and owned a service-disabled veteran- owned small business passes away, the surviving spouse has 10 years to transi-tion the business away from service- disabled veteran-owned small business status for contracts that the company has with the VA. 
However, if the veteran businessown-
er was rated at less than 100 percent disabled or dies of a nonservice-con-nected injury, the surviving spouse has only 1 year to transition the business for contracts with the VA. 
Unfortunately, this is not enough 
transition time for service-disabled veteran-owned small businesses whose owner passes away and was rated at less than 100 percent disabled to reposi-tion the business, putting many serv-ice-disabled veteran-owned small busi-nesses at a disadvantage. We need to correct this deficiency in the law. 
That is why I introduced H.R. 1313, 
the Service Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business Relief Act. My bill al-lows the service-disabled veteran- owned small business, whose principal owner passes away and was rated at less than 100 percent disabled at the time of death, with a reasonable 3-year transition period from service-disabled veteran-owned small business status with the VA. 
It is only right that we provide our 
heroes and their families and the em-ployees with flexibility and certainty to ensure their businesses continue to thrive. The loss of a veteran businessowner is already tragic enough for their families and can put service- disabled veteran-owned small busi-nesses at severe risk of closing or downsizing because of the loss of Fed-eral contracts. 
H.R. 1313 is supported by the Para-
lyzed Veterans of America, AMVETS, 
Veterans of Foreign Wars of the United States, The American Legion, and Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of America. In addition, the VA said, at a sub-committee hearing on March 24 of this year, that the bill is a reasonable ap-proach. 
I hope that my colleagues will join 
me in passing this commonsense bill and support veteran-owned small busi-nesses across the country. 
Mr. WENSTRUP. Mr. Speaker, at 
this time, I have no further speakers, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Ms. TITUS. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 
1313, to ensure that our service-con-nected disabled-veteran small-business owners are able to leave a legacy for their families and coworkers when they pass away. At this point, I don’t have any other 
speakers, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. WENSTRUP. Once again, Mr. 
Speaker, I encourage all Members to support H.R. 1313, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. W
ENSTRUP ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1313. 
The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the 
opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
Mr. WENSTRUP. Mr. Speaker, on 
that I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
BOOSTING RATES OF AMERICAN 
VETERAN EMPLOYMENT ACT 
Mr. WENSTRUP. Mr. Speaker, I 
move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1382) to amend title 38, United States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, in awarding a contract for the procure-ment of goods or services, to give a preference to offerors that employ vet-erans, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1382 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Boosting 
Rates of American Veteran Employment Act’’ or the ‘‘BRAVE Act’’. 
SEC. 2. PREFERENCE FOR OFFERORS EMPLOY-
ING VETERANS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter II of chapter 
81 of title 38, United States Code, is amended by adding after section 8128 the following new section: 
‘‘§ 8129. Preference for offerors employing 
veterans 
‘‘(a) P
REFERENCE .—In awarding a contract 
(or task order) for the procurement of goods or services, the Secretary may give a pref-erence to offerors that employ veterans on a full-time basis. The Secretary shall deter-mine such preference based on the percent-age of the full-time employees of the offeror who are veterans. 
‘‘(b) E
NFORCEMENT PENALTIES FOR MIS-
REPRESENTATION .—(1) Any offeror that is de-
termined by the Secretary to have willfully and intentionally misrepresented the vet-eran status of the employees of the offeror for purposes of subsection (a) shall be debarred from contracting with the Depart-ment for a period of not less than five years. 
‘‘(2) In the case of a debarment under para-
graph (1), the Secretary shall commence de-barment action against the offeror by not later than 30 days after determining that the offeror willfully and intentionally misrepre-sented the veteran status of the employees of the offeror as described in paragraph (1) and shall complete debarment actions against such offeror by not later than 90 days after such determination. 
‘‘(3) The debarment of an offeror under 
paragraph (1) includes the debarment of all 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:06 May 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18MY7.014 H18MYPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3262 May 18, 2015 
principals in the offeror for a period of not 
less than five years.’’. 
(b) C LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
sections at the beginning of such chapter is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 8128 the following new item: 
‘‘8129. Preference for offerors employing vet-
erans.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. W
ENSTRUP ) and the gentle-
woman from Nevada (Ms. T ITUS) each 
will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Ohio. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. WENSTRUP. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and to add extraneous material on H.R. 1382, as amended. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Ohio? 
There was no objection. Mr. WENSTRUP. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, to improve employment 
opportunities for veterans and business opportunities for the companies that employ them, H.R. 1382, as amended, would require the Secretary to con-sider the number of veterans working for an offerer in the decision to award a contract. 
Under the bill, the Secretary may 
give a preference to such employers based on the percentage of the work-force made up by veterans. The bill would also provide the Secretary with debarment authority for any offerer who willfully and intentionally mis-represents the number of veterans they employ. 
Mr. Speaker, the unemployment rate 
among certain age groups of veterans still exceeds their nonveteran peers, and this is one commonsense step to increase job opportunities for veterans of all ages. 
I thank Miss R
ICEfor her hard work 
on this bill. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. TITUS. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
I rise in support of H.R. 1382, as 
amended, the Boosting Rates of Amer-ican Veteran Employment Act, or BRAVE Act, of 2015. 
According to the April 2015 Bureau of 
Labor Statistics report, almost 7 per-cent of post-9/11 veterans are unem-ployed, which is higher than the na-tional average. 
b1630 
These men and women have dutifully 
served their country. Now it is our job as Members of Congress to craft poli-cies that will improve and increase em-ployment opportunities for them. This includes improving the Federal con-tracting process to incentivize private sector companies to hire more veterans when they come home. 
The Department of Veterans Affairs 
establishes long-term contracts with private sector businesses to provide 
veterans medical equipment, supplies, services, and other things. Currently, the VA gives preference for these con-tracts to veteran-owned small busi-nesses, but it does not give preference to businesses that actively employ vet-erans. This bipartisan BRAVE Act al-lows the VA to consider the proportion of veterans employed by a prospective contractor when awarding those Fed-eral contracts. It also encourages and incentivizes current VA contractors to employ more veterans. 
H.R. 1382 deters companies from ex-
aggerating the number of veterans they employ in order to become more competitive for procurement, requiring debarment for any company that knowingly misrepresents its proportion of veteran employees. 
H.R. 1382 does not require offsets nor 
does it add any burdens on taxpayers. This bipartisan legislation will reward companies who hire veterans, thus incentivizing the private sector re-cruitment of veteran employees. It is, indeed, a win-win-win policy for the private sector, for the Federal Govern-ment, and, most importantly, for the veterans, themselves. 
I want to thank Miss R
ICE, who is the 
sponsor of this bill, Chairman M ILLER  
for bringing it to the floor, and Dr. W
ENSTRUP and Mr. T AKANO —the chair-
man and ranking member of the Sub-committee on Economic Opportunity— for their work on the bill. 
I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. WENSTRUP. Mr. Speaker, I have 
no further requests for time, and I re-serve the balance of my time. 
Ms. TITUS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 
minutes to the gentlewoman from New York (Miss R
ICE), who is the sponsor of 
this important legislation. 
Miss RICE of New York. Mr. Speaker, 
I rise today in support of my legisla-tion, H.R. 1382, the Boosting Rates of American Veteran Employment Act. 
I doubt there is a single Member of 
this body who would disagree that American veterans—men and women who have stepped up to protect our country and preserve the freedom that we cherish—deserve our full support when they have completed their serv-ice. They deserve the opportunity to find a good job, to support themselves and their families. They deserve the opportunity to succeed in civilian life, to adapt their extraordinary skills, training, and experience in order to thrive in a civilian workforce, and to continue making a meaningful con-tribution to our economy. 
We have seen real progress in adding 
veterans to the workforce, but we can-not be satisfied with that progress while so many men and women still struggle to find the good jobs they de-serve. We cannot be satisfied when the unemployment rate among post-9/11 veterans remains higher than the na-tional average. We cannot be satisfied if even a single American veteran who wants to work is not given the oppor-tunity to do so—is left jobless, home-less, forgotten, and abandoned by the 
country he or she served. 
Unemployment among veterans is 
not only a stain on the character of our country, it is not only a dereliction of the promise we make to the people who risk their lives to protect us; it is a missed opportunity. 
Veterans have received the most ad-
vanced and sophisticated training the world has to offer. They have unique skills and experience. They know how to work as members of a team. They know how to succeed in the most dif-ficult conditions. They know how to get the job done, whatever that job may be. They received that training, they developed those skills, and gained that experience because we invested in them as servicemembers, and we would be foolish not to double down on that investment. We would be foolish not to invest in them as veterans—invest in their potential to adapt their training and skills and experience so they may use it to thrive in a civilian workforce and contribute to our economy. 
We need businesses in the private 
sector to recognize the benefit of hav-ing veterans in their workforces. We need businesses to recognize that it is in their self-interest to actively seek out and employ veterans, not as an act of charity, but because they are excel-lent workers who know how to get the job done and how to bring out the best in their fellow employees. That is why it is so important that we pass H.R. 1382. 
This legislation will make the kind 
of investment that Members of both parties can be pleased to support—the kind that costs no money. The Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs is already au-thorized for $19 billion in total procure-ment and contracting spending. This legislation will simply ensure that, when the Secretary of the VA is award-ing those contracts, he has the author-ity to give preference to businesses with high concentrations of full-time veteran employees, businesses that make it a priority to actively seek out veterans and provide them with mean-ingful full-time employment. 
As has been noted, the VA can al-
ready give such preference to veteran- owned businesses, as it should. We should give that same advantage to contractors who actively invest in vet-erans, who recognize their value and their potential to thrive in the civilian workforce. 
Such companies do exist, and this 
legislation will reward them for their commitment to giving veterans the op-portunities they have earned. But in doing so, in creating such an advan-tage, this legislation will also create an incentive for other contractors to do the same, to be proactive, to make it a priority to seek out veterans who are looking for employment. In time, I have no doubt that they will recognize the value of investing in veterans as they will find themselves with a more productive, efficient, and effective workforce. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:41 May 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18MY7.008 H18MYPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3263 May 18, 2015 
Mr. Speaker, I want to give a special 
thanks to my colead sponsor on the other side of the aisle, Congressman P
AUL COOK, a combat veteran who 
served 26 years and retired as a colonel from the United States Marine Corps. 
I also think it is important to note 
that this bill has the support of several major veteran service organizations, including the Veterans of Foreign Wars, the American Legion, and the Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of America. 
Finally, Mr. Speaker, I would like to 
express my support for another bill that I am proud to cosponsor, Dr. W
ENSTRUP ’Slegislation—H.R. 474, the 
Homeless Veterans’ Reintegration Pro-grams Reauthorization Act. 
The HVRP provides critical support 
to help reintegrate homeless veterans into the workforce and to address the underlying issues that so often lead to life on the streets—services ranging from job training, job placement, and career counseling to clothing, housing, transportation, and treatment for men-tal health and substance abuse dis-orders. This program has been success-ful, and passing a 5-year reauthoriza-tion will secure its future and allow State and local agencies to plan long- term programming. 
I thank Dr. W
ENSTRUP for his leader-
ship on this issue, and I urge my col-leagues to give H.R. 474 their full sup-port. 
Ms. TITUS. Mr. Speaker, I strongly 
support H.R. 1382, and I urge my col-leagues to do the same. 
I don’t have any additional speakers, 
so I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. WENSTRUP. Mr. Speaker, once 
again, I encourage all Members to sup-port H.R. 1382, as amended, and I thank Miss R
ICEfor presenting this legisla-
tion. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. W
ENSTRUP ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1382, as amended. 
The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the 
opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
Mr. WENSTRUP. Mr. Speaker, on 
that I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
VETERAN’S I.D. CARD ACT 
Mr. WENSTRUP. Mr. Speaker, I 
move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 91) to amend title 38, United States Code, to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to issue, upon request, veteran identification cards to certain veterans, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 91 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Veteran’s 
I.D. Card Act’’. 
SEC. 2. VETERANS IDENTIFICATION CARD. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the fol-
lowing: 
(1) Currently, veteran identification cards 
are issued to veterans who have either com-pleted the statutory time-in-service require-ment for retirement from the Armed Forces or who have received a medical-related dis-charge from the Armed Forces. 
(2) A veteran who has served a minimum 
obligated time in service, but who does not meet the criteria described in paragraph (1), does not receive a means of identifying the veteran’s status as a veteran other than using the official DD–214 discharge papers of the veteran. 
(3) Goods, services, and promotional activi-
ties are often offered by public and private institutions to veterans who demonstrate proof of service in the military but it is im-practical for a veteran to always carry offi-cial DD–214 discharge papers to demonstrate such proof. 
(4) A general purpose veteran identifica-
tion card made available to a veteran who does not meet the criteria described in para-graph (1) would be useful to such veteran in order to demonstrate the status of the vet-eran without having to carry and use official DD–214 discharge papers. 
(5) The Department of Veterans Affairs has 
the infrastructure in place across the United States to produce photographic identifica-tion cards and accept a small payment to cover the cost of these cards. 
(b) P
ROVISION OF VETERAN IDENTIFICATION  
CARDS .—Chapter 57 of title 38, United States 
Code, is amended by adding after section 5705 the following new section: 
‘‘§ 5706. Veterans identification card 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Vet-
erans Affairs shall issue an identification card described in subsection (b) to any cov-ered veteran who— 
‘‘(1) requests such card; ‘‘(2) was discharged from the Armed Forces 
under honorable conditions; 
‘‘(3) presents a copy of the DD–214 form or 
other official document from the official military personnel file of the veteran that describes the service of the veteran; and 
‘‘(4) pays the fee under subsection (c)(1). 
‘‘(b) I
DENTIFICATION CARD.—An identifica-
tion card described in this subsection is a card that— 
‘‘(1) displays a photograph of the covered 
veteran; 
‘‘(2) displays the name of the covered vet-
eran; 
‘‘(3) explains that such card is not proof of 
any benefits to which the veteran is entitled to; 
‘‘(4) contains an identification number that 
is not a social security number; and 
‘‘(5) serves as proof that such veteran— ‘‘(A) honorably served in the Armed 
Forces; and 
‘‘(B) has a DD–214 form or other official 
document in the official military personnel file of the veteran that describes the service of the veteran. 
‘‘(c) C
OSTS OF CARD.—(1) The Secretary 
shall charge a fee to each veteran who re-ceives an identification card issued under this section, including a replacement identi-fication card. 
‘‘(2)(A) The fee charged under paragraph (1) 
shall equal an amount that the Secretary de-termines is necessary to issue an identifica-tion card under this section. ‘‘(B) In determining the amount of the fee 
under subparagraph (A), the Secretary shall ensure that the total amount of fees col-lected under paragraph (1) equals an amount necessary to carry out this section, includ-ing costs related to any additional equip-ment or personnel required to carry out this 
section. 
‘‘(C) The Secretary shall review and reas-
sess the determination under subparagraph (A) during each five-year period in which the Secretary issues an identification card under this section. 
‘‘(3) Amounts collected under this sub-
section shall be deposited in an account of the Department available to carry out this section. Amounts so deposited shall be— 
‘‘(A) merged with amounts in such ac-
count; 
‘‘(B) available in such amounts as may be 
provided in appropriation Acts; and 
‘‘(C) subject to the same conditions and 
limitations as amounts otherwise in such ac-count. 
‘‘(d) E
FFECT OF CARD ON BENEFITS .—(1) An 
identification card issued under this section shall not serve as proof of any benefits that the veteran may be entitled to under this title. 
‘‘(2) A covered veteran who is issued an 
identification card under this section shall not be entitled to any benefits under this title by reason of possessing such card. 
‘‘(e) A
DMINISTRATIVE MEASURES .—(1) The 
Secretary shall ensure that any information collected or used with respect to an identi-fication card issued under this section is ap-propriately secured. 
‘‘(2) The Secretary may determine any ap-
propriate procedures with respect to issuing a replacement identification card. 
‘‘(3) In carrying out this section, the Sec-
retary shall coordinate with the National Personnel Records Center. 
‘‘(4) The Secretary may conduct such out-
reach to advertise the identification card under this section as the Secretary considers appropriate. 
‘‘(f) C
ONSTRUCTION .—This section shall not 
be construed to affect identification cards otherwise provided by the Secretary to vet-erans enrolled in the health care system es-tablished under section 1705(a) of this title. 
‘‘(g) C
OVERED VETERAN DEFINED .—In this 
section, the term ‘covered veteran’ means a veteran who— 
‘‘(1) is not entitled to retired pay under 
chapter 1223 of title 10; and 
‘‘(2) is not enrolled in the system of patient 
enrollment under section 1705 of this title.’’. 
(c) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
sections at the beginning of such chapter is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 5705 the following new item: 
‘‘5706. Veterans identification card.’’. 
(d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this Act shall take effect on the date that is 60 days after the date of the en-actment of this Act. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. W
ENSTRUP ) and the gentle-
woman from Nevada (Ms. T ITUS) each 
will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Ohio. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. WENSTRUP. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days in which to re-vise and extend their remarks and to add extraneous material on H.R. 91, as amended. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Ohio? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:41 May 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18MY7.018 H18MYPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3264 May 18, 2015 
There was no objection. 
Mr. WENSTRUP. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Thankfully, many of the Nation’s 
businesses offer discounts to our serv-icemembers and veterans. Unfortu-nately, unless a servicemember is a qualified military retiree, the DOD does not issue an ID card as proof of service. That means millions of vet-erans cannot take advantage of those discounts or proudly share evidence of their honorable service. This bill would change that by directing the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to issue a veteran’s ID card to any veteran who requests such card and who is not entitled to military retired pay nor is enrolled in the VA health care system. 
The bill would require the card to 
display the veteran’s name and photo-graph, and it would serve as proof that the veteran honorably served in the Armed Forces. This bill would also re-quire the Secretary to determine a fee to be charged that would cover all costs of producing the cards and of managing the program. The bill also specifies that the card does not entitle the holder to any VA benefits. 
I thank my colleague Mr. B
UCHANAN  
for his efforts on this commonsense legislation. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Ms. TITUS. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
I rise in support of H.R. 91, the Vet-
eran’s I.D. Card Act, as amended. 
This bill directs the Secretary to 
issue, upon a veteran’s request, a vet-eran’s identification card. In most in-stances, a veteran must be enrolled with the VA to receive a VA ID card or to utilize his or her DD–214 to prove military service. Many veterans are hesitant to carry around their DD–214s, which may contain personal health in-formation. A veteran’s ID card would provide those veterans with the ability to prove their service without the need to constantly have to produce official documents like their DD–214 forms. 
Issuing an optional veteran’s ID card 
is a simple way to provide a reliable and convenient method for our Na-tion’s heroes to prove their honorable service and veteran status. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WENSTRUP. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
3 minutes to the gentleman from Flor-ida (Mr. B
UCHANAN ). 
Mr. BUCHANAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today in support of the Veteran’s I.D. Card Act. 
This is bipartisan legislation I have 
introduced which will allow all vet-erans to receive an ID card through the VA. 
Over the years, I have heard from 
countless veterans from Florida and across the country who have expressed frustration about their ability to docu-ment their service. This will allow them to document their service by get-ting ID cards. The ID card won’t quite replace the DD–214, but they won’t have to carry around the paperwork with them if they are looking to use it 
in the future. It will also help to cut down on identity theft. 
One of the biggest things for veterans 
in our area is it will help with jobs and opportunities in terms of their not hav-ing to carry the paperwork. They will have proof of their service for their em-ployers. It will also provide discounts from a lot of our businesses in the area. A lot of businesses offer veterans dis-counts, but veterans don’t have the documentation. As a result, many times, they don’t get the benefits. One of the biggest benefits is that there is no cost to the taxpayers, which is a big thing for a lot of people. 
One other thing I just wanted to 
mention is that many of our veterans have served our country proudly, and this will help validate their service from that standpoint. 
On behalf of the 70,000 veterans in my 
district, of the almost 2 million vet-erans in Florida and of the 22 million veterans in the country, I urge my col-leagues to support this bipartisan leg-islation to help our American heroes. 
Ms. TITUS. Mr. Speaker, I support 
H.R. 91, as amended, and I urge my col-leagues to do the same. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. WENSTRUP. Mr. Speaker, once 
again, I encourage all Members to sup-port this legislation, H.R. 91, as amend-ed. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BLUM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in sup-
port of H.R. 91, the Veteran’s I.D. Card Act. 
This legislation is a commonsense proposal 
to permit veterans to show their service with-out hassle and inconvenience. Upon enact-ment, the bill requires the Department of Vet-erans Affairs to issue a photo identification card to veterans who request it. The identifica-tion card serves as proof of honorable military service. 
In the First District of Iowa, many of my con-
stituents—including veterans of World War II, the Korean war, and Vietnam war—would benefit from the existence of such a card. The card would increase veterans’ access to avail-able military service discounts at commercial establishments. The Veterans I.D. Card Act, an overwhelmingly bipartisan bill and sup-ported by AMVETS, Vietnam Veterans of America, and Veterans for Common Sense, makes proving veteran status easy, expedient, and credible. 
I look forward to working with my colleagues 
in the Senate to enact this commonsense leg-islation that assists veterans in receiving all the recognition and benefits they deserve. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. W
ENSTRUP ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 91, as amended. 
The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the 
opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
Mr. WENSTRUP. Mr. Speaker, on 
that I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-
poned. 
b1645 
VULNERABLE VETERANS HOUSING 
REFORM ACT OF 2015 
Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I 
move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1816) to exclude from consid-eration as income under the United States Housing Act of 1937 payments of pension made under section 1521 of title 38, United States Code, to veterans who are in need of regular aid and attend-ance. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1816 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Vulnerable 
Veterans Housing Reform Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. EXCLUSION FROM INCOME. 
Paragraph (4) of section 3(b) of the United 
States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437a(b)(4)) is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘and any amounts’’ and in-
serting ‘‘, any amounts’’; 
(2) by striking ‘‘or any deferred’’ and in-
serting ‘‘, any deferred’’; and 
(3) by inserting after ‘‘prospective monthly 
amounts’’ the following: ‘‘, and any expenses related to aid and attendance as detailed under section 1521 of title 38, United States Code’’. 
SEC. 3. LIMITATION ON AWARDS AND BONUSES 
PAID TO EMPLOYEES OF DEPART-MENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS. 
Section 705 of the Veterans Access, Choice, 
and Accountability Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–146; 38 U.S.C. 703 note) is amended by in-serting before the period at the end the fol-lowing ‘‘, except that the dollar amount lim-itation applicable under this section for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 shall be such dollar amount as reduced by $10,000,000’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. L
UETKEMEYER ) and the 
gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY ) each will control 
20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Missouri. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. LUETKEMEYER. I ask unani-
mous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to re-vise and extend their remarks and add extraneous materials on this bill. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Missouri? 
There was no objection. Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself 3 minutes. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to support 
H.R. 1816, the Vulnerable Veterans Housing Reform Act of 2015. I strongly urge my colleagues to support its pas-sage. 
H.R. 1816, legislation that has been 
long championed by the gentleman from Nevada (Mr. H
ECK), is designed to 
help some of our Nation’s greatest he-roes, our disabled veterans, better af-ford the housing and medical care they desperately need. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:10 May 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18MY7.021 H18MYPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3265 May 18, 2015 
To do so, H.R. 1816 would change how 
the Department of Housing and Urban Development calculates a disabled vet-eran’s income for its Section 8 and pub-lic housing programs by exempting their service-related disability benefits and expenses related to in-home care. In other words, right now HUD is counting the aid and attendance dis-ability payments of those heroes as in-come that could pay for housing, when it really should only be used to pay for their medical care. 
CBO has estimated there are about 
2,000 veterans that would be impacted by this change. This legislation will en-sure that we don’t punish low-income disabled veterans who are seeking or receiving housing assistance simply be-cause of the disability benefits. 
Fixing the income calculation of dis-
abled veterans is not only a matter of fairness, it is also a matter of common sense. Many of these disabled veterans require extensive care and assistance to perform basic daily functions such as bathing, eating, and dressing. These aid and attendance payments are de-signed only to cover the costs of the in- home care they require to meet those needs, and it is wrong to ask these vet-erans to use that money for any other purpose. 
The housing challenges faced by dis-
abled veterans are great, and I com-mend Mr. H
ECKfor his hard work to 
bring this issue and an appropriate fix for it to our attention. 
I reserve the balance of my time, Mr. 
Speaker. 
Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New 
York. I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. H
ECK for 
his leadership on this bill. As a former veteran, he has a deep understanding of these issues. I also thank Mr. L
UETKE -
MEYER , who is the chair of our Sub-
committee on Housing and Insurance and one of our most active members on the committee, having served not only as a community banker, but as a com-munity regulator. 
I am very pleased to rise in strong bi-
partisan support of H.R. 1816, the Vul-nerable Veterans Housing Reform Act of 2015. This bill will bring a measure of fairness to our government’s treatment of severely disabled veterans. The bill excludes the payments that disabled veterans receive for in-home aid and attendance from being considered as income when determining their eligi-bility for HUD housing assistance. 
Under current law, these in-home aid 
and attendance payments are wrongly counted as disposable income, which makes it harder for disabled veterans who receive these payments to qualify for the Federal housing assistance which they deserve. These payments are absolutely not disposable income; rather, they are payments that are medically necessary to enable disabled veterans to perform everyday func-
tions, functions that, if not for their extraordinary sacrifice, would not re-quire in-home aid payments in the first place. Thousands of veterans across our 
country are unable to qualify for Fed-eral housing assistance, such as Sec-tion 8 rental assistance, because these payments are improperly counted as income. Let’s be clear. These are vet-erans who have suffered life-changing injuries and who are now severely dis-abled as a result of their service to our country. It is their service and their sacrifice made in the name of peace and freedom that have made this the great Nation that it is today. 
For our great Nation to turn around 
and make it harder for these veterans because of their service-related disabil-ities to qualify for housing assistance is grossly unfair and something that should be swiftly rectified. That is what this bill does. It rights a wrong in our Federal housing policy and gives the veterans the respect and support that they deserve. 
I applaud my colleague, Mr. H
ECK, 
who has served this country as a vet-eran. For three times, he has brought this bill to this floor. It has passed on suspension three times. I really ap-plaud his persistence in pursuing this commonsense fix that will help thou-sands of veterans that deserve the aid and the assistance from HUD to right-fully get it. I urge my colleagues to support this bill. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I 
now yield such time as he may con-sume to the distinguished gentleman from Nevada (Mr. H
ECK), the sponsor of 
the bill. 
Mr. HECK of Nevada. Mr. Speaker, I 
want to thank the gentleman from Missouri and the gentlewoman from New York for their support. 
I rise today to encourage my col-
leagues to support the bipartisan H.R. 1816, the Vulnerable Veterans Housing Reform Act of 2015. This bill would re-move an unnecessary barrier that pre-vents our disabled wartime veterans from receiving the housing assistance they so critically need. 
This body recognized the importance 
of this issue when it unanimously passed substantially similar bills, H.R. 6361 and H.R. 1742, during the 112th and 113th Congresses. Unfortunately, these bills were not considered by the Sen-ate. I am hoping the third time is the charm. 
Quite simply, H.R. 1816 prevents the 
Department of Housing and Urban De-velopment from considering a veteran’s aid and attendance benefits as income when calculating their eligibility for housing assistance. The aid and attend-ance benefit is an enhanced pension provided by the Department of Vet-erans Affairs to our Nation’s wartime veterans who are severely disabled and have little or no income. 
Veterans eligible for this benefit are 
those requiring the aid of another per-son in order to perform their activities of daily living, such as bathing, eating, adjusting prosthetic devices, or pro-tecting themselves from the hazards of their daily environment. In order to receive this benefit, our 
severely disabled veterans must first establish their eligibility for a low-in-come pension, which requires an an-nual adjusted gross income of less than $12,868 for a single veteran with no de-pendents. Once eligibility is deter-mined, low-income disabled vets can receive roughly an additional $8,600 in aid and attendance benefits annually to help defray the cost of their medical care. This is an important point. This aid and attendance benefit is for med-ical care. It is not discretionary in-come; it is not for groceries; it is not for transportation, utilities, or any-thing else. 
As you can imagine, these low-in-
come veterans struggle daily to keep the lights on, put food on the table, and keep a roof over their heads. Add to that the exorbitant cost of paying for a personal care attendant, and it becomes increasingly difficult for them to stay in their homes. 
The Department of Housing and 
Urban Development operates a number of programs that can assist these vet-erans. However, current regulations re-quire that the aid and attendance ben-efit be counted as income when deter-mining eligibility for housing assist-ance. Mr. Speaker, this makes no sense. 
The VA provides this benefit to en-
sure that our low-income disabled war-time vets have the necessary resources to receive the medical care they need and have earned. Now, while $8600 per year may seem like a substantial amount of money, it doesn’t fully cover the cost of a full-time aide but is much more cost effective than a nursing home or assisted living facility. The median annual cost for a licensed home health aide in 2014 was about $19,000. The cost of an assisted living facility was $42,000, and the median cost of a room in a nursing home is about $80,000 annually. So continuing to count the aid and attendance benefit as income does nothing more than to reduce the housing assistance available to our low-income disabled vets and jeopard-izes their ability to live independently. 
Mr. Speaker, it is the stated goal of 
both this House and this administra-tion to reduce homelessness in our vet-erans population. The need for this leg-islative fix is just as strong today as it was last Congress and the Congress be-fore that. Most recent statistics from the Department of Housing and Urban Development indicate that approxi-mately 50,000 veterans are homeless, and we certainly don’t want to add to that number. 
Mr. Speaker, H.R. 1816 will go a long 
way towards preventing additional homelessness for our Nation’s veterans. I urge my colleagues to support this critical legislation. 
Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New 
York. Mr. Speaker, I have no further requests for time, and I yield myself the balance of my time. 
I want to underscore a point that 
Congressman H
ECKmade that so many 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:10 May 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18MY7.024 H18MYPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3266 May 18, 2015 
of our veterans become homeless, and 
it is a huge problem across this coun-try. By passing this bill, we will enable more veterans to stay in their homes and to have the respect and dignity that they deserve. 
This is a commonsense bill. It has 
passed this body two times before, al-most unanimously. I hope that, as Mr. H
ECKsaid, the third time is the charm 
and that we will finally get this through the Senate. It is well deserved and long overdue. I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support this fair and commonsense proposal that will help our veterans. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I 
want to thank the distinguished lady from New York (Mrs. C
AROLYN B. 
MALONEY ) for her fine work on this bill 
and for her strong support. I also want to thank the sponsor of the bill, the distinguished gentleman from Nevada (Mr. H
ECK), for again bringing this to 
our attention and again attempting to right a wrong here. This is certainly something we certainly need to support and will do. I urge all of my colleagues to support this measure. 
With that, Mr. Speaker, I have no 
further requests for time, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. L
UETKEMEYER ) that the House suspend 
the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1816, as amended 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
b1700 
JUSTICE FOR VICTIMS OF 
TRAFFICKING ACT OF 2015 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I 
move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 178) to provide justice for the victims of trafficking. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 178 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as 
the ‘‘Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act of 2015’’. 
(b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-
tents for this Act is as follows: 
Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. 
TITLE I—JUSTICE FOR VICTIMS OF 
TRAFFICKING 
Sec. 101. Domestic Trafficking Victims’ 
Fund. 
Sec. 102. Clarifying the benefits and protec-
tions offered to domestic vic-tims of human trafficking. 
Sec. 103. Victim-centered child human traf-
ficking deterrence block grant program. 
Sec. 104. Direct services for victims of child 
pornography. Sec. 105. Increasing compensation and res-
titution for trafficking victims. 
Sec. 106. Streamlining human trafficking in-
vestigations. 
Sec. 107. Enhancing human trafficking re-
porting. 
Sec. 108. Reducing demand for sex traf-
ficking. 
Sec. 109. Sense of Congress. Sec. 110. Using existing task forces and com-
ponents to target offenders who exploit children. 
Sec. 111. Targeting child predators. Sec. 112. Monitoring all human traffickers 
as violent criminals. 
Sec. 113. Crime victims’ rights. Sec. 114. Combat Human Trafficking Act. Sec. 115. Survivors of Human Trafficking 
Empowerment Act. 
Sec. 116. Bringing Missing Children Home 
Act. 
Sec. 117. Grant accountability. Sec. 118. SAVE Act. Sec. 119. Education and outreach to traf-
ficking survivors. 
Sec. 120. Expanded statute of limitations for 
civil actions by child traf-ficking survivors. 
Sec. 121. GAO study and report. 
TITLE II—COMBATING HUMAN 
TRAFFICKING 
Subtitle A—Enhancing Services for Runaway 
and Homeless Victims of Youth Trafficking 
Sec. 201. Amendments to the Runaway and 
Homeless Youth Act. 
Subtitle B—Improving the Response to 
Victims of Child Sex Trafficking 
Sec. 211. Response to victims of child sex 
trafficking. 
Subtitle C—Interagency Task Force to 
Monitor and Combat Trafficking 
Sec. 221. Victim of trafficking defined. 
Sec. 222. Interagency task force report on 
child trafficking primary pre-vention. 
Sec. 223. GAO Report on intervention. Sec. 224. Provision of housing permitted to 
protect and assist in the recov-ery of victims of trafficking. 
Subtitle D—Expanded Training 
Sec. 231. Expanded training relating to traf-
ficking in persons. 
TITLE III—HERO ACT 
Sec. 301. Short title. 
Sec. 302. HERO Act. Sec. 303. Transportation for illegal sexual 
activity and related crimes. 
TITLE IV—RAPE SURVIVOR CHILD 
CUSTODY 
Sec. 401. Short title. 
Sec. 402. Definitions. Sec. 403. Findings. Sec. 404. Increased funding for formula 
grants authorized. 
Sec. 405. Application. Sec. 406. Grant increase. Sec. 407. Period of increase. Sec. 408. Allocation of increased formula 
grant funds. 
Sec. 409. Authorization of appropriations. 
TITLE V—MILITARY SEX OFFENDER 
REPORTING 
Sec. 501. Short title. 
Sec. 502. Registration of sex offenders re-
leased from military correc-tions facilities or upon convic-tion. 
TITLE VI—STOPPING EXPLOITATION 
THROUGH TRAFFICKING 
Sec. 601. Safe Harbor Incentives. 
Sec. 602. Report on restitution paid in con-
nection with certain trafficking offenses. Sec. 603. National human trafficking hot-
line. 
Sec. 604. Job corps eligibility. Sec. 605. Clarification of authority of the 
United States Marshals Serv-ice. 
Sec. 606. Establishing a national strategy to 
combat human trafficking. 
TITLE VII—TRAFFICKING AWARENESS 
TRAINING FOR HEALTH CARE 
Sec. 701. Short title. 
Sec. 702. Development of best practices. Sec. 703. Definitions. Sec. 704. No additional authorization of ap-
propriations. 
TITLE VIII—BETTER RESPONSE FOR 
VICTIMS OF CHILD SEX TRAFFICKING 
Sec. 801. Short title. 
Sec. 802. CAPTA amendments. 
TITLE IX—ANTI-TRAFFICKING TRAINING 
FOR DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SE-CURITY PERSONNEL 
Sec. 901. Definitions. 
Sec. 902. Training for Department personnel 
to identify human trafficking. 
Sec. 903. Certification and report to Con-
gress. 
Sec. 904. Assistance to non-Federal entities. Sec. 905. Expanded use of Domestic Traf-
ficking Victims’ Fund. 
TITLE X—HUMAN TRAFFICKING SUR-
VIVORS RELIEF AND EMPOWERMENT 
ACT 
Sec. 1001. Short title. 
Sec. 1002. Protections for human trafficking 
survivors. 
TITLE I—JUSTICE FOR VICTIMS OF 
TRAFFICKING 
SEC. 101. DOMESTIC TRAFFICKING VICTIMS’ 
FUND. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 201 of title 18, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘§ 3014. Additional special assessment 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Beginning on the date of 
enactment of the Justice for Victims of Traf-ficking Act of 2015 and ending on September 
30, 2019, in addition to the assessment im-posed under section 3013, the court shall as-sess an amount of $5,000 on any non-indigent person or entity convicted of an offense under— 
‘‘(1) chapter 77 (relating to peonage, slav-
ery, and trafficking in persons); 
‘‘(2) chapter 109A (relating to sexual 
abuse); 
‘‘(3) chapter 110 (relating to sexual exploi-
tation and other abuse of children); 
‘‘(4) chapter 117 (relating to transportation 
for illegal sexual activity and related crimes); or 
‘‘(5) section 274 of the Immigration and Na-
tionality Act (8 U.S.C. 1324) (relating to human smuggling), unless the person in-duced, assisted, abetted, or aided only an in-dividual who at the time of such action was the alien’s spouse, parent, son, or daughter (and no other individual) to enter the United States in violation of law. 
‘‘(b) S
ATISFACTION OF OTHER COURT -OR-
DERED OBLIGATIONS .—An assessment under 
subsection (a) shall not be payable until the person subject to the assessment has satis-fied all outstanding court-ordered fines, or-ders of restitution, and any other obligation related to victim-compensation arising from the criminal convictions on which the spe-cial assessment is based. 
‘‘(c) E
STABLISHMENT OF DOMESTIC TRAF-
FICKING VICTIMS ’ FUND.—There is established 
in the Treasury of the United States a fund, to be known as the ‘Domestic Trafficking Victims’ Fund’ (referred to in this section as the ‘Fund’), to be administered by the Attor-ney General, in consultation with the Sec-retary of Homeland Security and the Sec-retary of Health and Human Services. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:10 May 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18MY7.025 H18MYPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3267 May 18, 2015 
‘‘(d) T RANSFERS .—In a manner consistent 
with section 3302(b) of title 31, there shall be transferred to the Fund from the General Fund of the Treasury an amount equal to the amount of the assessments collected under this section, which shall remain available until expended. 
‘‘(e) U
SE OF FUNDS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—From amounts in the 
Fund, in addition to any other amounts available, and without further appropriation, the Attorney General, in coordination with the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall, for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2019, use amounts available in the Fund to award grants or enhance victims’ program-ming under— 
‘‘(A) section 204 of the Trafficking Victims 
Protection Reauthorization Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 14044c); 
‘‘(B) subsections (b)(2) and (f) of section 107 
of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7105); and 
‘‘(C) section 214(b) of the Victims of Child 
Abuse Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 13002(b)). 
‘‘(2) L
IMITATION .—Except as provided in 
subsection (h)(2), none of the amounts in the Fund may be used to provide health care or medical items or services. 
‘‘(f) C
OLLECTION METHOD .—The amount as-
sessed under subsection (a) shall, subject to subsection (b), be collected in the manner that fines are collected in criminal cases. 
‘‘(g) D
URATION OF OBLIGATION .—Subject to 
section 3613(b), the obligation to pay an as-sessment imposed on or after the date of en-actment of the Justice for Victims of Traf-ficking Act of 2015 shall not cease until the assessment is paid in full. 
‘‘(h) H
EALTH OR MEDICAL SERVICES .— 
‘‘(1) T RANSFER OF FUNDS .—From amounts 
appropriated under section 10503(b)(1)(E) of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (42 U.S.C. 254b–2(b)(1)(E)), as amended by section 221 of the Medicare Access and CHIP Reauthorization Act of 2015, there shall be transferred to the Fund an amount equal to the amount transferred under subsection (d) for each fiscal year, except that the amount transferred under this paragraph shall not be less than $5,000,000 or more than $30,000,000 in each such fiscal year, and such amounts shall remain available until expended. 
‘‘(2) U
SE OF FUNDS .—The Attorney General, 
in coordination with the Secretary of Health and Human Services, shall use amounts transferred to the Fund under paragraph (1) to award grants that may be used for the provision of health care or medical items or services to victims of trafficking under— 
‘‘(A) sections 202, 203, and 204 of the Traf-
ficking Victims Protection Reauthorization Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 14044a, 14044b, and 14044c); 
‘‘(B) subsections (b)(2) and (f) of section 107 
of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7105); and 
‘‘(C) section 214(b) of the Victims of Child 
Abuse Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 13002(b)). 
‘‘(3) G
RANTS .—Of the amounts in the Fund 
used under paragraph (1), not less than $2,000,000, if such amounts are available in the Fund during the relevant fiscal year, shall be used for grants to provide services for child pornography victims under section 214(b) of the Victims of Child Abuse Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 13002(b)). 
‘‘(4) A
PPLICATION OF PROVISION .—The appli-
cation of the provisions of section 221(c) of the Medicare Access and CHIP Reauthoriza-tion Act of 2015 shall continue to apply to the amounts transferred pursuant to para-graph (1).’’. 
(b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of sections for chapter 201 
of title 18, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 
3013 the following: 
‘‘3014. Additional special assessment.’’. 
SEC. 102. CLARIFYING THE BENEFITS AND PRO-
TECTIONS OFFERED TO DOMESTIC VICTIMS OF HUMAN TRAFFICKING. 
Section 107(b)(1) of the Trafficking Victims 
Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7105(b)(1)) is amended— 
(1) by redesignating subparagraphs (F) and 
(G) as subparagraphs (G) and (H), respec-tively; 
(2) by inserting after subparagraph (E) the 
following: 
‘‘(F) N
O REQUIREMENT OF OFFICIAL CERTIFI -
CATION FOR UNITED STATES CITIZENS AND LAW -
FUL PERMANENT RESIDENTS .—Nothing in this 
section may be construed to require United States citizens or lawful permanent resi-dents who are victims of severe forms of traf-ficking to obtain an official certification from the Secretary of Health and Human Services in order to access any of the spe-cialized services described in this subsection or any other Federal benefits and protec-tions to which they are otherwise entitled.’’; and 
(3) in subparagraph (H), as redesignated, by 
striking ‘‘subparagraph (F)’’ and inserting ‘‘subparagraph (G)’’. 
SEC. 103. VICTIM-CENTERED CHILD HUMAN 
TRAFFICKING DETERRENCE BLOCK GRANT PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 203 of the Traf-
ficking Victims Protection Reauthorization Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 14044b) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 203. VICTIM-CENTERED CHILD HUMAN 
TRAFFICKING DETERRENCE BLOCK GRANT PROGRAM. 
‘‘(a) G RANTS AUTHORIZED .—The Attorney 
General may award block grants to an eligi-ble entity to develop, improve, or expand do-mestic child human trafficking deterrence programs that assist law enforcement offi-cers, prosecutors, judicial officials, and qualified victims’ services organizations in collaborating to rescue and restore the lives of victims, while investigating and pros-ecuting offenses involving child human traf-ficking. 
‘‘(b) A
UTHORIZED ACTIVITIES .—Grants 
awarded under subsection (a) may be used for— 
‘‘(1) the establishment or enhancement of 
specialized training programs for law en-forcement officers, first responders, health care officials, child welfare officials, juvenile justice personnel, prosecutors, and judicial personnel to— 
‘‘(A) identify victims and acts of child 
human trafficking; 
‘‘(B) address the unique needs of child vic-
tims of human trafficking; 
‘‘(C) facilitate the rescue of child victims 
of human trafficking; 
‘‘(D) investigate and prosecute acts of 
human trafficking, including the soliciting, patronizing, or purchasing of commercial sex acts from children, as well as training to build cases against complex criminal net-works involved in child human trafficking; and 
‘‘(E) utilize, implement, and provide edu-
cation on safe harbor laws enacted by States, aimed at preventing the criminalization and prosecution of child sex trafficking victims for prostitution offenses, and other laws aimed at the investigation and prosecution of child human trafficking; 
‘‘(2) the establishment or enhancement of 
dedicated anti-trafficking law enforcement units and task forces to investigate child human trafficking offenses and to rescue vic-tims, including— 
‘‘(A) funding salaries, in whole or in part, 
for law enforcement officers, including pa-trol officers, detectives, and investigators, 
except that the percentage of the salary of the law enforcement officer paid for by funds from a grant awarded under this section shall not be more than the percentage of the officer’s time on duty that is dedicated to working on cases involving child human traf-ficking; 
‘‘(B) investigation expenses for cases in-
volving child human trafficking, including— 
‘‘(i) wire taps; ‘‘(ii) consultants with expertise specific to 
cases involving child human trafficking; 
‘‘(iii) travel; and ‘‘(iv) other technical assistance expendi-
tures; 
‘‘(C) dedicated anti-trafficking prosecution 
units, including the funding of salaries for State and local prosecutors, including assist-ing in paying trial expenses for prosecution of child human trafficking offenders, except that the percentage of the total salary of a State or local prosecutor that is paid using an award under this section shall be not more than the percentage of the total num-ber of hours worked by the prosecutor that is spent working on cases involving child human trafficking; 
‘‘(D) the establishment of child human 
trafficking victim witness safety, assistance, and relocation programs that encourage co-operation with law enforcement investiga-tions of crimes of child human trafficking by leveraging existing resources and delivering child human trafficking victims’ services through coordination with— 
‘‘(i) child advocacy centers; ‘‘(ii) social service agencies; ‘‘(iii) State governmental health service 
agencies; 
‘‘(iv) housing agencies; ‘‘(v) legal services agencies; and ‘‘(vi) nongovernmental organizations and 
shelter service providers with substantial ex-perience in delivering wrap-around services to victims of child human trafficking; and 
‘‘(E) the establishment or enhancement of 
other necessary victim assistance programs or personnel, such as victim or child advo-cates, child-protective services, child foren-sic interviews, or other necessary service providers; 
‘‘(3) activities of law enforcement agencies 
to find homeless and runaway youth, includ-ing salaries and associated expenses for re-tired Federal law enforcement officers as-sisting the law enforcement agencies in find-ing homeless and runaway youth; and 
‘‘(4) the establishment or enhancement of 
problem solving court programs for traf-ficking victims that include— 
‘‘(A) mandatory and regular training re-
quirements for judicial officials involved in the administration or operation of the court program described under this paragraph; 
‘‘(B) continuing judicial supervision of vic-
tims of child human trafficking, including case worker or child welfare supervision in collaboration with judicial officers, who have been identified by a law enforcement or judicial officer as a potential victim of child human trafficking, regardless of whether the victim has been charged with a crime related to human trafficking; 
‘‘(C) the development of a specialized and 
individualized, court-ordered treatment pro-gram for identified victims of child human trafficking, including— 
‘‘(i) State-administered outpatient treat-
ment; 
‘‘(ii) life skills training; ‘‘(iii) housing placement; ‘‘(iv) vocational training; ‘‘(v) education; ‘‘(vi) family support services; and ‘‘(vii) job placement; ‘‘(D) centralized case management involv-
ing the consolidation of all of each child 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:10 May 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18MY7.014 H18MYPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3268 May 18, 2015 
human trafficking victim’s cases and of-
fenses, and the coordination of all traf-ficking victim treatment programs and so-cial services; 
‘‘(E) regular and mandatory court appear-
ances by the victim during the duration of the treatment program for purposes of ensur-ing compliance and effectiveness; 
‘‘(F) the ultimate dismissal of relevant 
non-violent criminal charges against the vic-tim, where such victim successfully complies with the terms of the court-ordered treat-ment program; and 
‘‘(G) collaborative efforts with child advo-
cacy centers, child welfare agencies, shel-ters, and nongovernmental organizations with substantial experience in delivering wrap-around services to victims of child human trafficking to provide services to vic-tims and encourage cooperation with law en-forcement. 
‘‘(c) A
PPLICATION .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—An eligible entity shall 
submit an application to the Attorney Gen-eral for a grant under this section in such form and manner as the Attorney General may require. 
‘‘(2) R
EQUIRED INFORMATION .—An applica-
tion submitted under this subsection shall— 
‘‘(A) describe the activities for which as-
sistance under this section is sought; 
‘‘(B) include a detailed plan for the use of 
funds awarded under the grant; 
‘‘(C) provide such additional information 
and assurances as the Attorney General de-termines to be necessary to ensure compli-ance with the requirements of this section; and 
‘‘(D) disclose— ‘‘(i) any other grant funding from the De-
partment of Justice or from any other Fed-eral department or agency for purposes simi-lar to those described in subsection (b) for which the eligible entity has applied, and which application is pending on the date of the submission of an application under this section; and 
‘‘(ii) any other such grant funding that the 
eligible entity has received during the 5-year period ending on the date of the submission of an application under this section. 
‘‘(3) P
REFERENCE .—In reviewing applica-
tions submitted in accordance with para-graphs (1) and (2), the Attorney General shall give preference to grant applications if— 
‘‘(A) the application includes a plan to use 
awarded funds to engage in all activities de-scribed under paragraphs (1) through (3) of subsection (b); or 
‘‘(B) the application includes a plan by the 
State or unit of local government to con-tinue funding of all activities funded by the award after the expiration of the award. 
‘‘(4) E
LIGIBLE ENTITIES SOLICITING DATA ON  
CHILD HUMAN TRAFFICKING .—No eligible enti-
ty shall be disadvantaged in being awarded a grant under subsection (a) on the grounds that the eligible entity has only recently begun soliciting data on child human traf-ficking. 
‘‘(d) D
URATION AND RENEWAL OF AWARD .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—A grant under this sec-
tion shall expire 3 years after the date of award of the grant. 
‘‘(2) R
ENEWAL .—A grant under this section 
shall be renewable not more than 2 times and for a period of not greater than 2 years. 
‘‘(e) E
VALUATION .—The Attorney General 
shall— 
‘‘(1) enter into a contract with a non-
governmental organization, including an academic or nonprofit organization, that has experience with issues related to child human trafficking and evaluation of grant programs to conduct periodic evaluations of grants made under this section to determine the impact and effectiveness of programs funded with grants awarded under this sec-
tion; 
‘‘(2) instruct the Inspector General of the 
Department of Justice to review evaluations issued under paragraph (1) to determine the methodological and statistical validity of the evaluations; and 
‘‘(3) submit the results of any evaluation 
conducted pursuant to paragraph (1) to— 
‘‘(A) the Committee on the Judiciary of 
the Senate; and 
‘‘(B) the Committee on the Judiciary of the 
House of Representatives. 
‘‘(f) M
ANDATORY EXCLUSION .—An eligible 
entity awarded funds under this section that is found to have used grant funds for any un-authorized expenditure or otherwise unal-lowable cost shall not be eligible for any grant funds awarded under the block grant for 2 fiscal years following the year in which the unauthorized expenditure or unallowable cost is reported. 
‘‘(g) C
OMPLIANCE REQUIREMENT .—An eligi-
ble entity shall not be eligible to receive a grant under this section if within the 5 fiscal years before submitting an application for a grant under this section, the grantee has been found to have violated the terms or conditions of a Government grant program by utilizing grant funds for unauthorized ex-penditures or otherwise unallowable costs. 
‘‘(h) A
DMINISTRATIVE CAP.—The cost of ad-
ministering the grants authorized by this section shall not exceed 5 percent of the total amount expended to carry out this sec-tion. 
‘‘(i) F
EDERAL SHARE .—The Federal share of 
the cost of a program funded by a grant awarded under this section shall be— 
‘‘(1) 70 percent in the first year; ‘‘(2) 60 percent in the second year; and ‘‘(3) 50 percent in the third year, and in all 
subsequent years. 
‘‘(j) A
UTHORIZATION OF FUNDING ; F ULLY  
OFFSET .—For purposes of carrying out this 
section, the Attorney General, in consulta-tion with the Secretary of Health and Human Services, is authorized to award not more than $7,000,000 of the funds available in the Domestic Trafficking Victims’ Fund, es-tablished under section 3014 of title 18, United States Code, for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2020. 
‘‘(k) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section— 
‘‘(1) the term ‘child’ means a person under 
the age of 18; 
‘‘(2) the term ‘child advocacy center’ 
means a center created under subtitle A of the Victims of Child Abuse Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 13001 et seq.); 
‘‘(3) the term ‘child human trafficking’ 
means 1 or more severe forms of trafficking in persons (as defined in section 103 of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102)) involving a victim who is a child; and 
‘‘(4) the term ‘eligible entity’ means a 
State or unit of local government that— 
‘‘(A) has significant criminal activity in-
volving child human trafficking; 
‘‘(B) has demonstrated cooperation be-
tween Federal, State, local, and, where ap-plicable, tribal law enforcement agencies, prosecutors, and social service providers in addressing child human trafficking; 
‘‘(C) has developed a workable, multi-dis-
ciplinary plan to combat child human traf-ficking, including— 
‘‘(i) the establishment of a shelter for vic-
tims of child human trafficking, through ex-isting or new facilities; 
‘‘(ii) the provision of trauma-informed, 
gender-responsive rehabilitative care to vic-tims of child human trafficking; 
‘‘(iii) the provision of specialized training 
for law enforcement officers and social serv-ice providers for all forms of human traf-ficking, with a focus on domestic child human trafficking; ‘‘(iv) prevention, deterrence, and prosecu-
tion of offenses involving child human traf-ficking, including soliciting, patronizing, or purchasing human acts with children; 
‘‘(v) cooperation or referral agreements 
with organizations providing outreach or other related services to runaway and home-less youth; 
‘‘(vi) law enforcement protocols or proce-
dures to screen all individuals arrested for prostitution, whether adult or child, for vic-timization by sex trafficking and by other crimes, such as sexual assault and domestic violence; and 
‘‘(vii) cooperation or referral agreements 
with State child welfare agencies and child advocacy centers; and 
‘‘(D) provides an assurance that, under the 
plan under subparagraph (C), a victim of child human trafficking shall not be required to collaborate with law enforcement officers to have access to any shelter or services pro-vided with a grant under this section. 
‘‘(l) G
RANT ACCOUNTABILITY ; SPECIALIZED  
VICTIMS ’ SERVICE REQUIREMENT .—No grant 
funds under this section may be awarded or transferred to any entity unless such entity has demonstrated substantial experience providing services to victims of human traf-ficking or related populations (such as run-away and homeless youth), or employs staff specialized in the treatment of human traf-ficking victims.’’. 
(b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-
tents in section 1(b) of the Trafficking Vic-tims Protection Reauthorization Act of 2005 (22 U.S.C. 7101 note) is amended by striking the item relating to section 203 and inserting the following: 
‘‘Sec. 203. Victim-centered child human traf-
ficking deterrence block grant program.’’. 
SEC. 104. DIRECT SERVICES FOR VICTIMS OF 
CHILD PORNOGRAPHY. 
The Victims of Child Abuse Act of 1990 (42 
U.S.C. 13001 et seq.) is amended— 
(1) in section 212(5) (42 U.S.C. 13001a(5)), by 
inserting ‘‘, including human trafficking and the production of child pornography’’ before the semicolon at the end; and 
(2) in section 214 (42 U.S.C. 13002)— (A) by redesignating subsections (b), (c), 
and (d) as subsections (c), (d), and (e), respec-tively; and 
(B) by inserting after subsection (a) the 
following: 
‘‘(b) D
IRECT SERVICES FOR VICTIMS OF CHILD 
PORNOGRAPHY .—The Administrator, in co-
ordination with the Director and with the Director of the Office of Victims of Crime, may make grants to develop and implement specialized programs to identify and provide direct services to victims of child pornog-raphy.’’. 
SEC. 105. INCREASING COMPENSATION AND RES-
TITUTION FOR TRAFFICKING VIC-TIMS. 
(a) A MENDMENTS TO TITLE 18.—Section 1594 
of title 18, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (d)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘that was used or’’ and in-
serting ‘‘that was involved in, used, or’’; and 
(ii) by inserting ‘‘, and any property trace-
able to such property’’ after ‘‘such viola-tion’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (2), by inserting ‘‘, or any 
property traceable to such property’’ after ‘‘such violation’’; 
(2) in subsection (e)(1)(A)— (A) by striking ‘‘used or’’ and inserting 
‘‘involved in, used, or’’; and 
(B) by inserting ‘‘, and any property trace-
able to such property’’ after ‘‘any violation of this chapter’’; 
(3) by redesignating subsection (f) as sub-
section (g); and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:10 May 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18MY7.014 H18MYPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3269 May 18, 2015 
(4) by inserting after subsection (e) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(f) T RANSFER OF FORFEITED ASSETS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any 
other provision of law, the Attorney General shall transfer assets forfeited pursuant to this section, or the proceeds derived from the sale thereof, to satisfy victim restitution or-ders arising from violations of this chapter. 
‘‘(2) P
RIORITY .—Transfers pursuant to para-
graph (1) shall have priority over any other claims to the assets or their proceeds. 
‘‘(3) U
SE OF NONFORFEITED ASSETS .—Trans-
fers pursuant to paragraph (1) shall not re-duce or otherwise mitigate the obligation of a person convicted of a violation of this chapter to satisfy the full amount of a res-titution order through the use of non-for-feited assets or to reimburse the Attorney General for the value of assets or proceeds transferred under this subsection through the use of nonforfeited assets.’’. 
(b) A
MENDMENT TO TITLE 28.—Section 
524(c)(1)(B) of title 28, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘chapter 77 of title 18,’’ after ‘‘criminal drug laws of the United States or of’’. 
(c) A
MENDMENTS TO TITLE 31.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Chapter 97 of title 31, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(A) by redesignating section 9703 (as added 
by section 638(b)(1) of the Treasury, Postal Service, and General Government Appropria-tions Act, 1993 (Public Law 102–393; 106 Stat. 1779)) as section 9705; and 
(B) in section 9705(a), as redesignated— 
(i) in paragraph (1)— (I) in subparagraph (I)— (aa) by striking ‘‘payment’’ and inserting 
‘‘Payment’’; and 
(bb) by striking the semicolon at the end 
and inserting a period; and 
(II) in subparagraph (J), by striking ‘‘pay-
ment’’ and inserting ‘‘Payment’’; and 
(ii) in paragraph (2)— (I) in subparagraph (B)— (aa) in clause (iii)— (AA) in subclause (I), by striking ‘‘or’’ and 
inserting ‘‘of’’; and 
(BB) in subclause (III), by striking ‘‘and’’ 
at the end; 
(bb) in clause (iv), by striking the period at 
the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(cc) by inserting after clause (iv) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(v) United States Immigration and Cus-
toms Enforcement with respect to a viola-tion of chapter 77 of title 18 (relating to human trafficking);’’; 
(II) in subparagraph (G), by adding ‘‘and’’ 
at the end; and 
(III) in subparagraph (H), by striking ‘‘; 
and’’ and inserting a period. 
(2) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS .— 
(A) C ROSS REFERENCES .— 
(i) T ITLE 28 .—Section 524(c) of title 28, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(I) in paragraph (4)(C), by striking ‘‘section 
9703(g)(4)(A)(ii)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 9705(g)(4)(A)’’; 
(II) in paragraph (10), by striking ‘‘section 
9703(p)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 9705(o)’’; and 
(III) in paragraph (11), by striking ‘‘section 
9703’’ and inserting ‘‘section 9705’’. 
(ii) T
ITLE 31 .—Title 31, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(I) in section 312(d), by striking ‘‘section 
9703’’ and inserting ‘‘section 9705’’; and 
(II) in section 5340(1), by striking ‘‘section 
9703(p)(1)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 9705(o)’’. 
(iii) T ITLE 39 .—Section 2003(e)(1) of title 39, 
United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘section 9703(p)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 9705(o)’’. 
(B) T
ABLE OF SECTIONS .—The table of sec-
tions for chapter 97 of title 31, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘9701. Fees and charges for Government serv-
ices and things of value. 
‘‘9702. Investment of trust funds. ‘‘9703. Managerial accountability and flexi-
bility. 
‘‘9704. Pilot projects for managerial account-
ability and flexibility. 
‘‘9705. Department of the Treasury For-
feiture Fund.’’. 
SEC. 106. STREAMLINING HUMAN TRAFFICKING 
INVESTIGATIONS. 
Section 2516 of title 18, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1)— (A) in subparagraph (a), by inserting a 
comma after ‘‘weapons)’’; 
(B) in subparagraph (c)— (i) by inserting ‘‘section 1581 (peonage), 
section 1584 (involuntary servitude), section 1589 (forced labor), section 1590 (trafficking with respect to peonage, slavery, involun-tary servitude, or forced labor),’’ before ‘‘sec-tion 1591’’; 
(ii) by inserting ‘‘section 1592 (unlawful 
conduct with respect to documents in fur-therance of trafficking, peonage, slavery, in-voluntary servitude, or forced labor),’’ before ‘‘section 1751’’; 
(iii) by inserting a comma after ‘‘virus)’’; (iv) by striking ‘‘,, section’’ and inserting a 
comma; 
(v) by striking ‘‘or’’ after ‘‘misuse of pass-
ports),’’; and 
(vi) by inserting ‘‘or’’ before ‘‘section 555’’; (C) in subparagraph (j), by striking ‘‘pipe-
line,)’’ and inserting ‘‘pipeline),’’; and 
(D) in subparagraph (p), by striking ‘‘docu-
ments, section 1028A (relating to aggravated identity theft))’’ and inserting ‘‘documents), section 1028A (relating to aggravated iden-tity theft)’’; and 
(2) in paragraph (2), by inserting ‘‘human 
trafficking, child sexual exploitation, child pornography production,’’ after ‘‘kidnap-ping’’. 
SEC. 107. ENHANCING HUMAN TRAFFICKING RE-
PORTING. 
Section 505 of title I of the Omnibus Crime 
Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3755) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(i) P
ART 1 VIOLENT CRIMES TOINCLUDE  
HUMAN TRAFFICKING .—For purposes of this 
section, the term ‘part 1 violent crimes’ shall include severe forms of trafficking in persons (as defined in section 103 of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102)).’’. 
SEC. 108. REDUCING DEMAND FOR SEX TRAF-
FICKING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1591 of title 18, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)(1), by striking ‘‘or 
maintains’’ and inserting ‘‘maintains, pa-tronizes, or solicits’’; 
(2) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘or ob-
tained’’ and inserting ‘‘obtained, patronized, or solicited’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘or ob-
tained’’ and inserting ‘‘obtained, patronized, or solicited’’; and 
(3) in subsection (c)— (A) by striking ‘‘or maintained’’ and in-
serting ‘‘, maintained, patronized, or solic-ited’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘knew that the person’’ and 
inserting ‘‘knew, or recklessly disregarded the fact, that the person’’. 
(b) D
EFINITION AMENDED .—Section 103(10) 
of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102(10)) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘or obtaining’’ and inserting ‘‘obtaining, patronizing, or soliciting’’. 
(c) P
URPOSE .—The purpose of the amend-
ments made by this section is to clarify the range of conduct punished as sex trafficking. SEC. 109. SENSE OF CONGRESS. 
It is the sense of Congress that— (1) section 1591 of title 18, United States 
Code, defines a sex trafficker as a person who ‘‘knowingly. . .recruits, entices, harbors, transports, provides, obtains, or maintains by any means a person. . .knowing, or in reckless disregard of the fact, that means of force, threats of force, fraud, coercion. . .or any combination of such means will be used to cause the person to engage in a commer-cial sex act, or that the person has not at-tained the age of 18 years and will be caused to engage in a commercial sex act’’; 
(2) while use of the word ‘‘obtains’’ in sec-
tion 1591, United States Code, has been inter-preted, prior to the date of enactment of this Act, to encompass those who purchase illicit sexual acts from trafficking victims, some confusion persists; 
(3) in United States vs. Jungers, 702 F.3d 
1066 (8th Cir. 2013), the United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit ruled that section 1591 of title 18, United States Code, applied to persons who purchase illicit sex-ual acts with trafficking victims after the United States District Court for the District of South Dakota erroneously granted mo-tions to acquit these buyers in two separate cases; and 
(4) section 108 of this title amends section 
1591 of title 18, United States Code, to add the words ‘‘solicits or patronizes’’ to the sex trafficking statute making absolutely clear for judges, juries, prosecutors, and law en-forcement officials that criminals who pur-chase sexual acts from human trafficking victims may be arrested, prosecuted, and convicted as sex trafficking offenders when this is merited by the facts of a particular case. 
SEC. 110. USING EXISTING TASK FORCES AND 
COMPONENTS TO TARGET OFFEND-ERS WHO EXPLOIT CHILDREN. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of 
enactment of this Act, the Attorney General shall ensure that— 
(1) all task forces and working groups 
within the Innocence Lost National Initia-tive engage in activities, programs, or oper-ations to increase the investigative capabili-ties of State and local law enforcement offi-cers in the detection, investigation, and prosecution of persons who patronize, or so-licit children for sex; and 
(2) all components and task forces with ju-
risdiction to detect, investigate, and pros-ecute cases of child labor trafficking engage in activities, programs, or operations to in-crease the capacity of such components to deter and punish child labor trafficking. 
SEC. 111. TARGETING CHILD PREDATORS. 
(a) C LARIFYING THAT CHILD PORNOGRAPHY  
PRODUCERS AREHUMAN TRAFFICKERS .—Sec-
tion 2423(f) of title 18, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘means (1) a’’ and inserting 
the following: ‘‘means— 
‘‘(1) a’’; (2) by striking ‘‘United States; or (2) any’’ 
and inserting the following: ‘‘United States; 
‘‘(2) any’’; and (3) by striking the period at the end and in-
serting the following: ‘‘; or 
‘‘(3) production of child pornography (as 
defined in section 2256(8)).’’. 
(b) H
OLDING SEXTRAFFICKERS ACCOUNT -
ABLE .—Section 2423(g) of title 18, United 
States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘a pre-ponderance of the evidence’’ and inserting ‘‘clear and convincing evidence’’. 
SEC. 112. MONITORING ALL HUMAN TRAF-
FICKERS AS VIOLENT CRIMINALS. 
Section 3156(a)(4)(C) of title 18, United 
States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘77,’’ after ‘‘chapter’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:10 May 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18MY7.014 H18MYPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3270 May 18, 2015 
SEC. 113. CRIME VICTIMS’ RIGHTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 3771 of title 18, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a), by adding at the end 
the following: 
‘‘(9) The right to be informed in a timely 
manner of any plea bargain or deferred pros-ecution agreement. 
‘‘(10) The right to be informed of the rights 
under this section and the services described in section 503(c) of the Victims’ Rights and Restitution Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 10607(c)) and provided contact information for the Of-fice of the Victims’ Rights Ombudsman of the Department of Justice.’’; 
(2) in subsection (d)(3), in the fifth sen-
tence, by inserting ‘‘, unless the litigants, with the approval of the court, have stipu-lated to a different time period for consider-ation’’ before the period; and 
(3) in subsection (e)— (A) by striking ‘‘this chapter, the term’’ 
and inserting the following: ‘‘this chapter: 
‘‘(1) C
OURT OF APPEALS .—The term ‘court of 
appeals’ means— 
‘‘(A) the United States court of appeals for 
the judicial district in which a defendant is being prosecuted; or 
‘‘(B) for a prosecution in the Superior 
Court of the District of Columbia, the Dis-trict of Columbia Court of Appeals. 
‘‘(2) C
RIME VICTIM .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The term’’; 
(B) by striking ‘‘In the case’’ and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(B) M INORS AND CERTAIN OTHER VICTIMS .— 
In the case’’; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) D
ISTRICT COURT ; COURT .—The terms 
‘district court’ and ‘court’ include the Supe-rior Court of the District of Columbia.’’. 
(b) C
RIME VICTIMS FUND.—Section 
1402(d)(3)(A)(i) of the Victims of Crime Act of 1984 (42 U.S.C. 10601(d)(3)(A)(i)) is amended by inserting ‘‘section’’ before ‘‘3771’’. 
(c) A
PPELLATE REVIEW OF PETITIONS RE-
LATING TO CRIME VICTIMS ’ RIGHTS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 3771(d)(3) of title 
18, United States Code, as amended by sub-section (a)(2) of this section, is amended by inserting after the fifth sentence the fol-lowing: ‘‘In deciding such application, the court of appeals shall apply ordinary stand-ards of appellate review.’’. 
(2) A
PPLICATION .—The amendment made by 
paragraph (1) shall apply with respect to any petition for a writ of mandamus filed under section 3771(d)(3) of title 18, United States Code, that is pending on the date of enact-ment of this Act. 
SEC. 114. COMBAT HUMAN TRAFFICKING ACT. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be 
cited as the ‘‘Combat Human Trafficking Act of 2015’’. 
(b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) C OMMERCIAL SEX ACT ; SEVERE FORMS OF  
TRAFFICKING IN PERSONS ; STATE ; TASK  
FORCE .—The terms ‘‘commercial sex act’’, 
‘‘severe forms of trafficking in persons’’, ‘‘State’’, and ‘‘Task Force’’ have the mean-ings given those terms in section 103 of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102). 
(2) C
OVERED OFFENDER .—The term ‘‘covered 
offender’’ means an individual who obtains, patronizes, or solicits a commercial sex act involving a person subject to severe forms of trafficking in persons. 
(3) C
OVERED OFFENSE .—The term ‘‘covered 
offense’’ means the provision, obtaining, pa-tronizing, or soliciting of a commercial sex act involving a person subject to severe forms of trafficking in persons. 
(4) F
EDERAL LAW ENFORCEMENT OFFICER .— 
The term ‘‘Federal law enforcement officer’’ has the meaning given the term in section 115 of title 18, United States Code. (5) L
OCAL LAW ENFORCEMENT OFFICER .—The 
term ‘‘local law enforcement officer’’ means any officer, agent, or employee of a unit of local government authorized by law or by a local government agency to engage in or su-pervise the prevention, detection, investiga-tion, or prosecution of any violation of criminal law. 
(6) S
TATE LAW ENFORCEMENT OFFICER .—The 
term ‘‘State law enforcement officer’’ means any officer, agent, or employee of a State au-thorized by law or by a State government agency to engage in or supervise the preven-tion, detection, investigation, or prosecution of any violation of criminal law. 
(c) D
EPARTMENT OF JUSTICE TRAINING AND  
POLICY FOR LAWENFORCEMENT OFFICERS , 
PROSECUTORS , ANDJUDGES .— 
(1) T RAINING .— 
(A) L AW ENFORCEMENT OFFICERS .—The At-
torney General shall ensure that each anti- human trafficking program operated by the Department of Justice, including each anti- human trafficking training program for Fed-eral, State, or local law enforcement offi-cers, includes technical training on— 
(i) effective methods for investigating and 
prosecuting covered offenders; and 
(ii) facilitating the provision of physical 
and mental health services by health care providers to persons subject to severe forms of trafficking in persons. 
(B) F
EDERAL PROSECUTORS .—The Attorney 
General shall ensure that each anti-human trafficking program operated by the Depart-ment of Justice for United States attorneys or other Federal prosecutors includes train-ing on seeking restitution for offenses under chapter 77 of title 18, United States Code, to ensure that each United States attorney or other Federal prosecutor, upon obtaining a conviction for such an offense, requests a specific amount of restitution for each vic-tim of the offense without regard to whether the victim requests restitution. 
(C) J
UDGES .—The Federal Judicial Center 
shall provide training to judges relating to the application of section 1593 of title 18, United States Code, with respect to ordering restitution for victims of offenses under chapter 77 of such title. 
(2) P
OLICY FOR FEDERAL LAW ENFORCEMENT  
OFFICERS .—The Attorney General shall en-
sure that Federal law enforcement officers are engaged in activities, programs, or oper-ations involving the detection, investiga-tion, and prosecution of covered offenders. 
(d) M
INIMUM PERIOD OF SUPERVISED RE-
LEASE FOR CONSPIRACY TOCOMMIT COMMER -
CIAL CHILD SEX TRAFFICKING .—Section 
3583(k) of title 18, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘1594(c),’’ after ‘‘1591,’’. 
(e) B
UREAU OF JUSTICE STATISTICS REPORT  
ONSTATE ENFORCEMENT OF HUMAN TRAF-
FICKING PROHIBITIONS .—The Director of the 
Bureau of Justice Statistics shall— 
(1) prepare an annual report on— (A) the rates of— (i) arrest of individuals by State law en-
forcement officers for a covered offense; 
(ii) prosecution (including specific charges) 
of individuals in State court systems for a covered offense; and 
(iii) conviction of individuals in State 
court systems for a covered offense; and 
(B) sentences imposed on individuals con-
victed in State court systems for a covered offense; and 
(2) submit the annual report prepared 
under paragraph (1) to— 
(A) the Committee on the Judiciary of the 
House of Representatives; 
(B) the Committee on the Judiciary of the 
Senate; 
(C) the Task Force; (D) the Senior Policy Operating Group es-
tablished under section 105(g) of the Traf-ficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 
U.S.C. 7103(g)); and 
(E) the Attorney General. 
SEC. 115. SURVIVORS OF HUMAN TRAFFICKING 
EMPOWERMENT ACT. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be 
cited as the ‘‘Survivors of Human Traf-ficking Empowerment Act’’. 
(b) E
STABLISHMENT .—There is established 
the United States Advisory Council on Human Trafficking (referred to in this sec-tion as the ‘‘Council’’), which shall provide advice and recommendations to the Senior Policy Operating Group established under section 105(g) of the Trafficking Victims Pro-tection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7103(g)) (re-ferred to in this section as the ‘‘Group’’) and the President’s Interagency Task Force to Monitor and Combat Trafficking established under section 105(a) of such Act (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Task Force’’). 
(c) M
EMBERSHIP .— 
(1) C OMPOSITION .—The Council shall be 
composed of not less than 8 and not more than 14 individuals who are survivors of human trafficking. 
(2) R
EPRESENTATION OF SURVIVORS .—To the 
extent practicable, members of the Council shall be survivors of trafficking, who shall accurately reflect the diverse backgrounds of survivors of trafficking, including— 
(A) survivors of sex trafficking and sur-
vivors of labor trafficking; and 
(B) survivors who are United States citi-
zens and survivors who are aliens lawfully present in the United States. 
(3) A
PPOINTMENT .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the President shall appoint the members of the Council. 
(4) T
ERM; REAPPOINTMENT .—Each member 
of the Council shall serve for a term of 2 years and may be reappointed by the Presi-dent to serve 1 additional 2-year term. 
(d) F
UNCTIONS .—The Council shall— 
(1) be a nongovernmental advisory body to 
the Group; 
(2) meet, at its own discretion or at the re-
quest of the Group, not less frequently than annually to review Federal Government pol-icy and programs intended to combat human trafficking, including programs relating to the provision of services for victims and serve as a point of contact for Federal agen-cies reaching out to human trafficking sur-vivors for input on programming and policies relating to human trafficking in the United States; 
(3) formulate assessments and rec-
ommendations to ensure that policy and pro-gramming efforts of the Federal Government conform, to the extent practicable, to the best practices in the field of human traf-ficking prevention; and 
(4) meet with the Group not less frequently 
than annually, and not later than 45 days be-fore a meeting with the Task Force, to for-mally present the findings and recommenda-tions of the Council. 
(e) R
EPORTS .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of enactment of this Act and each year thereafter until the date described in subsection (h), the Council shall submit a re-port that contains the findings derived from the reviews conducted pursuant to sub-section (d)(2) to— 
(1) the chair of the Task Force; (2) the members of the Group; (3) the Committees on Foreign Affairs, 
Homeland Security, Appropriations, and the Judiciary of the House of Representatives; and 
(4) the Committees on Foreign Relations, 
Appropriations, Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs, and the Judiciary of the Senate. 
(f) E
MPLOYEE STATUS .—Members of the 
Council— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:10 May 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18MY7.014 H18MYPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3271 May 18, 2015 
(1) shall not be considered employees of the 
Federal Government for any purpose; and 
(2) shall not receive compensation other 
than reimbursement of travel expenses and per diem allowance in accordance with sec-tion 5703 of title 5, United States Code. 
(g) N
ONAPPLICABILITY OF FACA.—The 
Council shall not be subject to the require-ments under the Federal Advisory Com-mittee Act (5 U.S.C. App.). 
(h) S
UNSET .—The Council shall terminate 
on September 30, 2020. 
SEC. 116. BRINGING MISSING CHILDREN HOME 
ACT. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be 
cited as the ‘‘Bringing Missing Children Home Act’’. 
(b) C
RIME CONTROL ACTAMENDMENTS .—Sec-
tion 3702 of the Crime Control Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 5780) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘and’’ at 
the end; 
(2) in paragraph (3)— (A) by redesignating subparagraphs (B) and 
(C) as subparagraphs (C) and (D), respec-tively; and 
(B) by inserting after subparagraph (A) the 
following: 
‘‘(B) a recent photograph of the child, if 
available;’’; and 
(3) in paragraph (4)— (A) in the matter preceding subparagraph 
(A), by striking ‘‘paragraph (2)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘paragraph (3)’’; 
(B) in subparagraph (A)— (i) by striking ‘‘60 days’’ and inserting ‘‘30 
days’’; and 
(ii) by inserting ‘‘and a photograph taken 
during the previous 180 days’’ after ‘‘dental records’’; 
(C) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘and’’ 
at the end; 
(D) by redesignating subparagraph (C) as 
subparagraph (D); 
(E) by inserting after subparagraph (B) the 
following: 
‘‘(C) notify the National Center for Missing 
and Exploited Children of each report re-ceived relating to a child reported missing from a foster care family home or childcare institution;’’; 
(F) in subparagraph (D), as redesignated— (i) by inserting ‘‘State and local child wel-
fare systems and’’ before ‘‘the National Cen-ter for Missing and Exploited Children’’; and 
(ii) by striking the period at the end and 
inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(G) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(E) grant permission to the National 
Crime Information Center Terminal Con-tractor for the State to update the missing person record in the National Crime Infor-mation Center computer networks with addi-tional information learned during the inves-tigation relating to the missing person.’’. 
SEC. 117. GRANT ACCOUNTABILITY. 
(a) D EFINITION .—In this section, the term 
‘‘covered grant’’ means a grant awarded by the Attorney General under section 203 of the Trafficking Victims Protection Reau-
thorization Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 14044b), as amended by section 103. 
(b) A
CCOUNTABILITY .—All covered grants 
shall be subject to the following account-ability provisions: 
(1) A
UDIT REQUIREMENT .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Beginning in the first fis-
cal year beginning after the date of enact-ment of this Act, and in each fiscal year thereafter, the Inspector General of the De-partment of Justice shall conduct audits of recipients of a covered grant to prevent waste, fraud, and abuse of funds by grantees. The Inspector General shall determine the appropriate number of grantees to be audited each year. 
(B) D
EFINITION .—In this paragraph, the 
term ‘‘unresolved audit finding’’ means a finding in the final audit report of the In-
spector General that the audited grantee has utilized grant funds for an unauthorized ex-penditure or otherwise unallowable cost that is not closed or resolved within 12 months from the date when the final audit report is issued. 
(C) M
ANDATORY EXCLUSION .—A recipient of 
a covered grant that is found to have an un-resolved audit finding shall not be eligible to receive a covered grant during the following 2 fiscal years. 
(D) P
RIORITY .—In awarding covered grants 
the Attorney General shall give priority to eligible entities that did not have an unre-solved audit finding during the 3 fiscal years prior to submitting an application for a cov-ered grant. 
(E) R
EIMBURSEMENT .—If an entity is award-
ed a covered grant during the 2-fiscal-year period in which the entity is barred from re-ceiving grants under subparagraph (C), the Attorney General shall— 
(i) deposit an amount equal to the grant 
funds that were improperly awarded to the grantee into the General Fund of the Treas-ury; and 
(ii) seek to recoup the costs of the repay-
ment to the fund from the grant recipient that was erroneously awarded grant funds. 
(2) N
ONPROFIT ORGANIZATION REQUIRE -
MENTS .— 
(A) D EFINITION .—For purposes of this para-
graph and covered grants, the term ‘‘non-profit organization’’ means an organization that is described in section 501(c)(3) of the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 and is exempt from taxation under section 501(a) of such Code. 
(B) P
ROHIBITION .—The Attorney General 
may not award a covered grant to a non-profit organization that holds money in off-shore accounts for the purpose of avoiding paying the tax described in section 511(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. 
(C) D
ISCLOSURE .—Each nonprofit organiza-
tion that is awarded a covered grant and uses the procedures prescribed in regulations to create a rebuttable presumption of reason-ableness for the compensation of its officers, directors, trustees and key employees, shall disclose to the Attorney General, in the ap-plication for the grant, the process for deter-mining such compensation, including the independent persons involved in reviewing and approving such compensation, the com-parability data used, and contemporaneous substantiation of the deliberation and deci-sion. Upon request, the Attorney General shall make the information disclosed under this subsection available for public inspec-
tion. 
(3) C
ONFERENCE EXPENDITURES .— 
(A) L IMITATION .—No amounts transferred 
to the Department of Justice under this title, or the amendments made by this title, may be used by the Attorney General, or by any individual or organization awarded dis-cretionary funds through a cooperative agreement under this title, or the amend-ments made by this title, to host or support any expenditure for conferences that uses more than $20,000 in Department funds, un-less the Deputy Attorney General or such Assistant Attorney Generals, Directors, or principal deputies as the Deputy Attorney General may designate, provides prior writ-ten authorization that the funds may be ex-pended to host a conference. 
(B) W
RITTEN APPROVAL .—Written approval 
under subparagraph (A) shall include a writ-ten estimate of all costs associated with the conference, including the cost of all food and beverages, audiovisual equipment, honoraria for speakers, and any entertainment. 
(C) R
EPORT .—The Deputy Attorney General 
shall submit an annual report to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary of the Senate and the Committee on the Judiciary of the House 
of Representatives on all approved con-ference expenditures referenced in this para-graph. 
(D) A
NNUAL CERTIFICATION .—Beginning in 
the first fiscal year beginning after the date of enactment of this title, the Attorney Gen-eral shall submit, to the Committee on the Judiciary and the Committee on Appropria-tions of the Senate and the Committee on the Judiciary and the Committee on Appro-priations of the House of Representatives, an annual certification that— 
(i) all audits issued by the Office of the In-
spector General under paragraph (1) have been completed and reviewed by the appro-priate Assistant Attorney General or Direc-tor; 
(ii) all mandatory exclusions required 
under paragraph (1)(C) have been issued; 
(iii) all reimbursements required under 
paragraph (1)(E) have been made; and 
(iv) includes a list of any grant recipients 
excluded under paragraph (1) from the pre-vious year. 
(4) P
ROHIBITION ON LOBBYING ACTIVITY .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Amounts awarded under 
this title, or any amendments made by this title, may not be utilized by any grant re-cipient to— 
(i) lobby any representative of the Depart-
ment of Justice regarding the award of grant funding; or 
(ii) lobby any representative of a Federal, 
State, local, or tribal government regarding the award of grant funding. 
(B) P
ENALTY .—If the Attorney General de-
termines that any recipient of a covered grant has violated subparagraph (A), the At-torney General shall— 
(i) require the grant recipient to repay the 
grant in full; and 
(ii) prohibit the grant recipient from re-
ceiving another covered grant for not less than 5 years. 
SEC. 118. SAVE ACT. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be 
cited as the ‘‘Stop Advertising Victims of Exploitation Act of 2015’’ or the ‘‘SAVE Act of 2015’’. 
(b) A
DVERTISING THAT OFFERS CERTAIN  
COMMERCIAL ACTS.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 1591(a)(1) of title 
18, United States Code, as amended by this Act, is further amended by inserting ‘‘adver-tises,’’ after ‘‘obtains,’’. 
(2) M
ENS REA REQUIREMENT .—Section 
1591(a) of title 18, United States Code, is amended in the undesignated matter fol-lowing paragraph (2), by inserting ‘‘, except where the act constituting the violation of paragraph (1) is advertising,’’ after ‘‘know-ing, or’’. 
(3) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Section 
1591(b) of title 18, United States Code, as amended by this Act, is further amended— 
(A) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘adver-
tised,’’ after ‘‘obtained,’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (2), by inserting ‘‘adver-
tised,’’ after ‘‘obtained,’’. 
SEC. 119. EDUCATION AND OUTREACH TO TRAF-
FICKING SURVIVORS. 
The Attorney General shall make avail-
able, on the website of the Office of Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention, a data-base for trafficking victim advocates, crisis hotline personnel, foster parents, law en-forcement personnel, and crime survivors that contains information on— 
(1) counseling and hotline resources; (2) housing resources; (3) legal assistance; and (4) other services for trafficking survivors. 
SEC. 120. EXPANDED STATUTE OF LIMITATIONS 
FOR CIVIL ACTIONS BY CHILD TRAF-FICKING SURVIVORS. 
Section 1595(c) of title 18, United States 
Code, is amended by striking ‘‘not later than 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:10 May 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18MY7.014 H18MYPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3272 May 18, 2015 
10 years after the cause of action arose.’’ and 
inserting ‘‘not later than the later of— 
‘‘(1) 10 years after the cause of action 
arose; or 
‘‘(2) 10 years after the victim reaches 18 
years of age, if the victim was a minor at the time of the alleged offense.’’. 
SEC. 121. GAO STUDY AND REPORT. 
(a) S TUDY .—The Comptroller General of 
the United States shall conduct a study on 
each program or initiative authorized under this Act and the following statutes and evaluate whether any program or initiative is duplicative: 
(1) Trafficking Victims Protection Reau-
thorization Act of 2005 (Public Law 109–164; 119 Stat. 3558). 
(2) Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 
2000 (22 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.). 
(3) Victims of Child Abuse Act of 1990 (42 
U.S.C. 13001 et seq.). 
(4) Runaway and Homeless Youth Act (42 
U.S.C. 5701 et seq.). 
(5) Missing Children’s Assistance Act (42 
U.S.C. 5771 et seq.). 
(b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Comp-troller General of the United States shall submit to the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate and the Committee on the Judici-ary of the House of Representatives a report on the study conducted under subsection (a), which shall include— 
(1) a description of the cost of any duplica-
tive program or initiative studied under sub-section (a); and 
(2) recommendations on how to achieve 
cost savings with respect to each duplicative program or initiative studied under sub-section (a). 
TITLE II—COMBATING HUMAN 
TRAFFICKING 
Subtitle A—Enhancing Services for Runaway 
and Homeless Victims of Youth Trafficking 
SEC. 201. AMENDMENTS TO THE RUNAWAY AND 
HOMELESS YOUTH ACT. 
The Runaway and Homeless Youth Act (42 
U.S.C. 5701 et seq.) is amended— 
(1) in section 343(b)(5) (42 U.S.C. 5714– 
23(b)(5))— 
(A) in subparagraph (A) by inserting ‘‘, se-
vere forms of trafficking in persons (as de-fined in section 103(9) of the Trafficking Vic-tims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102(9))), and sex trafficking (as defined in section 103(10) of such Act (22 U.S.C. 7102(10)))’’ before the semicolon at the end; 
(B) in subparagraph (B) by inserting ‘‘, se-
vere forms of trafficking in persons (as de-fined in section 103(9) of the Trafficking Vic-tims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102(9))), or sex trafficking (as defined in sec-tion 103(10) of such Act (22 U.S.C. 7102(10)))’’ after ‘‘assault’’; and 
(C) in subparagraph (C) by inserting ‘‘, in-
cluding such youth who are victims of traf-ficking (as defined in section 103(15) of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102(15)))’’ before the semicolon at the end; and 
(2) in section 351(a) (42 U.S.C. 5714–41(a)) by 
striking ‘‘or sexual exploitation’’ and insert-ing ‘‘sexual exploitation, severe forms of trafficking in persons (as defined in section 103(9) of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102(9))), or sex traf-ficking (as defined in section 103(10) of such Act (22 U.S.C. 7102(10)))’’. 
Subtitle B—Improving the Response to 
Victims of Child Sex Trafficking 
SEC. 211. RESPONSE TO VICTIMS OF CHILD SEX 
TRAFFICKING. 
Section 404(b)(1)(P)(iii) of the Missing Chil-
dren’s Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5773(b)(1)(P)(iii)) is amended by striking ‘‘child prostitution’’ and inserting ‘‘child sex trafficking, including child prostitution’’. Subtitle C—Interagency Task Force to 
Monitor and Combat Trafficking 
SEC. 221. VICTIM OF TRAFFICKING DEFINED. 
In this subtitle, the term ‘‘victim of traf-
ficking’’ has the meaning given such term in section 103 of the Trafficking Victims Pro-tection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102). 
SEC. 222. INTERAGENCY TASK FORCE REPORT ON 
CHILD TRAFFICKING PRIMARY PRE-VENTION. 
(a) R EVIEW .—The Interagency Task Force 
to Monitor and Combat Trafficking, estab-lished under section 105 of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7103), shall conduct a review that, with re-gard to trafficking in persons in the United States— 
(1) in consultation with nongovernmental 
organizations that the Task Force deter-mines appropriate, surveys and catalogs the activities of the Federal Government and State governments— 
(A) to deter individuals from committing 
trafficking offenses; and 
(B) to prevent children from becoming vic-
tims of trafficking; 
(2) surveys academic literature on— (A) deterring individuals from committing 
trafficking offenses; 
(B) preventing children from becoming vic-
tims of trafficking; 
(C) the commercial sexual exploitation of 
children; and 
(D) other similar topics that the Task 
Force determines to be appropriate; 
(3) identifies best practices and effective 
strategies— 
(A) to deter individuals from committing 
trafficking offenses; and 
(B) to prevent children from becoming vic-
tims of trafficking; and 
(4) identifies current gaps in research and 
data that would be helpful in formulating ef-fective strategies— 
(A) to deter individuals from committing 
trafficking offenses; and 
(B) to prevent children from becoming vic-
tims of trafficking. 
(b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Interagency Task Force to Monitor and Combat Trafficking shall provide to Con-gress, and make publicly available in elec-tronic format, a report on the review con-ducted pursuant to subparagraph (a). 
SEC. 223. GAO REPORT ON INTERVENTION. 
On the date that is 1 year after the date of 
the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit a report to Congress that includes information 
on— 
(1) the efforts of Federal and select State 
law enforcement agencies to combat human trafficking in the United States; and 
(2) each Federal grant program, a purpose 
of which is to combat human trafficking or assist victims of trafficking, as specified in an authorizing statute or in a guidance docu-ment issued by the agency carrying out the grant program. 
SEC. 224. PROVISION OF HOUSING PERMITTED 
TO PROTECT AND ASSIST IN THE RE-COVERY OF VICTIMS OF TRAF-FICKING. 
Section 107(b)(2)(A) of the Trafficking Vic-
tims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7105(b)(2)(A)) is amended by inserting ‘‘, in-cluding programs that provide housing to victims of trafficking’’ before the period at the end. 
Subtitle D—Expanded Training 
SEC. 231. EXPANDED TRAINING RELATING TO 
TRAFFICKING IN PERSONS. 
Section 105(c)(4) of the Trafficking Victims 
Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7105(c)(4)) is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘Appropriate personnel’’ 
and inserting the following: ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Appropriate personnel’’; 
(2) in subparagraph (A), as redesignated, by 
inserting ‘‘, including members of the Serv-ice (as such term is defined in section 103 of the Foreign Service Act of 1980 (22 U.S.C. 3903))’’ after ‘‘Department of State’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) T
RAINING COMPONENTS .—Training 
under this paragraph shall include— 
‘‘(i) a distance learning course on traf-
ficking-in-persons issues and the Depart-ment of State’s obligations under this Act, which shall be designed for embassy report-ing officers, regional bureaus’ trafficking-in- persons coordinators, and their superiors; 
‘‘(ii) specific trafficking-in-persons brief-
ings for all ambassadors and deputy chiefs of mission before such individuals depart for their posts; and 
‘‘(iii) at least annual reminders to all per-
sonnel referred to in clauses (i) and (ii), in-cluding appropriate personnel from other Federal departments and agencies, at each diplomatic or consular post of the Depart-ment of State located outside the United States of— 
‘‘(I) key problems, threats, methods, and 
warning signs of trafficking in persons spe-cific to the country or jurisdiction in which each such post is located; and 
‘‘(II) appropriate procedures to report in-
formation that any such personnel may ac-quire about possible cases of trafficking in persons.’’. 
TITLE III—HERO ACT 
SEC. 301. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Human Ex-
ploitation Rescue Operations Act of 2015’’ or the ‘‘HERO Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 302. HERO ACT. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the fol-
lowing: 
(1) The illegal market for the production 
and distribution of child abuse imagery is a growing threat to children in the United States. International demand for this mate-rial creates a powerful incentive for the rape, abuse, and torture of children within the United States. 
(2) The targeting of United States children 
by international criminal networks is a threat to the homeland security of the United States. This threat must be fought with trained personnel and highly specialized counter-child-exploitation strategies and technologies. 
(3) The United States Immigration and 
Customs Enforcement of the Department of Homeland Security serves a critical national security role in protecting the United States from the growing international threat of child exploitation and human trafficking. 
(4) The Cyber Crimes Center of the United 
States Immigration and Customs Enforce-ment is a vital national resource in the ef-fort to combat international child exploi-tation, providing advanced expertise and as-sistance in investigations, computer forensics, and victim identification. 
(5) The returning military heroes of the 
United States possess unique and valuable skills that can assist law enforcement in combating global sexual and child exploi-tation, and the Department of Homeland Se-curity should use this national resource to the maximum extent possible. 
(6) Through the Human Exploitation Res-
cue Operative (HERO) Child Rescue Corps program, the returning military heroes of the United States are trained and hired to investigate crimes of child exploitation in 
order to target predators and rescue children from sexual abuse and slavery. 
(b) C
YBER CRIMES CENTER , CHILD EXPLOI -
TATION INVESTIGATIONS UNIT, AND COMPUTER  
FORENSICS UNIT.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Subtitle H of title VIII of 
the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:10 May 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18MY7.014 H18MYPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3273 May 18, 2015 
451 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end 
the following: 
‘‘SEC. 890A. CYBER CRIMES CENTER, CHILD EX-
PLOITATION INVESTIGATIONS UNIT, COMPUTER FORENSICS UNIT, AND CYBER CRIMES UNIT. 
‘‘(a) C YBER CRIMES CENTER .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall op-
erate, within United States Immigration and 
Customs Enforcement, a Cyber Crimes Cen-ter (referred to in this section as the ‘Cen-ter’). 
‘‘(2) P
URPOSE .—The purpose of the Center 
shall be to provide investigative assistance, training, and equipment to support United States Immigration and Customs Enforce-ment’s domestic and international investiga-tions of cyber-related crimes. 
‘‘(b) C
HILD EXPLOITATION INVESTIGATIONS  
UNIT.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall op-
erate, within the Center, a Child Exploi-tation Investigations Unit (referred to in this subsection as the ‘CEIU’). 
‘‘(2) F
UNCTIONS .—The CEIU— 
‘‘(A) shall coordinate all United States Im-
migration and Customs Enforcement child exploitation initiatives, including investiga-tions into— 
‘‘(i) child exploitation; ‘‘(ii) child pornography; ‘‘(iii) child victim identification; ‘‘(iv) traveling child sex offenders; and ‘‘(v) forced child labor, including the sex-
ual exploitation of minors; 
‘‘(B) shall, among other things, focus on— ‘‘(i) child exploitation prevention; ‘‘(ii) investigative capacity building; ‘‘(iii) enforcement operations; and ‘‘(iv) training for Federal, State, local, 
tribal, and foreign law enforcement agency personnel, upon request; 
‘‘(C) shall provide training, technical ex-
pertise, support, or coordination of child ex-ploitation investigations, as needed, to co-operating law enforcement agencies and per-sonnel; 
‘‘(D) shall provide psychological support 
and counseling services for United States Immigration and Customs Enforcement per-sonnel engaged in child exploitation preven-tion initiatives, including making available other existing services to assist employees who are exposed to child exploitation mate-rial during investigations; 
‘‘(E) is authorized to collaborate with the 
Department of Defense and the National As-sociation to Protect Children for the purpose of the recruiting, training, equipping and hiring of wounded, ill, and injured veterans and transitioning service members, through the Human Exploitation Rescue Operative (HERO) Child Rescue Corps program; and 
‘‘(F) shall collaborate with other govern-
mental, nongovernmental, and nonprofit en-tities approved by the Secretary for the sponsorship of, and participation in, out-reach and training activities. 
‘‘(3) D
ATA COLLECTION .—The CEIU shall col-
lect and maintain data concerning— 
‘‘(A) the total number of suspects identi-
fied by United States Immigration and Cus-toms Enforcement; 
‘‘(B) the number of arrests by United 
States Immigration and Customs Enforce-ment, disaggregated by type, including— 
‘‘(i) the number of victims identified 
through investigations carried out by United States Immigration and Customs Enforce-ment; and 
‘‘(ii) the number of suspects arrested who 
were in positions of trust or authority over children; 
‘‘(C) the number of cases opened for inves-
tigation by United States Immigration and Customs Enforcement; and ‘‘(D) the number of cases resulting in a 
Federal, State, foreign, or military prosecu-tion. 
‘‘(4) A
VAILABILITY OF DATA TO CONGRESS .— 
In addition to submitting the reports re-quired under paragraph (7), the CEIU shall make the data collected and maintained under paragraph (3) available to the commit-tees of Congress described in paragraph (7). 
‘‘(5) C
OOPERATIVE AGREEMENTS .—The CEIU 
is authorized to enter into cooperative agree-ments to accomplish the functions set forth in paragraphs (2) and (3). 
‘‘(6) A
CCEPTANCE OF GIFTS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary is author-
ized to accept monies and in-kind donations from the Virtual Global Taskforce, national laboratories, Federal agencies, not-for-profit organizations, and educational institutions to create and expand public awareness cam-paigns in support of the functions of the CEIU. 
‘‘(B) E
XEMPTION FROM FEDERAL ACQUISITION  
REGULATION .—Gifts authorized under sub-
paragraph (A) shall not be subject to the Federal Acquisition Regulation for competi-tion when the services provided by the enti-ties referred to in such subparagraph are do-nated or of minimal cost to the Department. 
‘‘(7) R
EPORTS .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of the enactment of the HERO Act of 2015, and annually for the following 4 years, the CEIU shall— 
‘‘(A) submit a report containing a sum-
mary of the data collected pursuant to para-graph (3) during the previous year to— 
‘‘(i) the Committee on Homeland Security 
and Governmental Affairs of the Senate; 
‘‘(ii) the Committee on the Judiciary of the 
Senate; 
‘‘(iii) the Committee on Appropriations of 
the Senate; 
‘‘(iv) the Committee on Homeland Security 
of the House of Representatives; 
‘‘(v) the Committee on the Judiciary of the 
House of Representatives; and 
‘‘(vi) the Committee on Appropriations of 
the House of Representatives; and 
‘‘(B) make a copy of each report submitted 
under subparagraph (A) publicly available on the website of the Department. 
‘‘(c) C
OMPUTER FORENSICS UNIT.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall op-
erate, within the Center, a Computer 
Forensics Unit (referred to in this subsection as the ‘CFU’). 
‘‘(2) F
UNCTIONS .—The CFU— 
‘‘(A) shall provide training and technical 
support in digital forensics to— 
‘‘(i) United States Immigration and Cus-
toms Enforcement personnel; and 
‘‘(ii) Federal, State, local, tribal, military, 
and foreign law enforcement agency per-sonnel engaged in the investigation of crimes within their respective jurisdictions, upon request and subject to the availability of funds; 
‘‘(B) shall provide computer hardware, 
software, and forensic licenses for all com-puter forensics personnel within United States Immigration and Customs Enforce-ment; 
‘‘(C) shall participate in research and de-
velopment in the area of digital forensics, in coordination with appropriate components of the Department; and 
‘‘(D) is authorized to collaborate with the 
Department of Defense and the National As-sociation to Protect Children for the purpose of recruiting, training, equipping, and hiring wounded, ill, and injured veterans and transitioning service members, through the Human Exploitation Rescue Operative (HERO) Child Rescue Corps program. 
‘‘(3) C
OOPERATIVE AGREEMENTS .—The CFU 
is authorized to enter into cooperative agree-ments to accomplish the functions set forth in paragraph (2). ‘‘(4) A
CCEPTANCE OF GIFTS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary is author-
ized to accept monies and in-kind donations from the Virtual Global Task Force, na-tional laboratories, Federal agencies, not- for-profit organizations, and educational in-stitutions to create and expand public aware-ness campaigns in support of the functions of the CFU. 
‘‘(B) E
XEMPTION FROM FEDERAL ACQUISITION  
REGULATION .—Gifts authorized under sub-
paragraph (A) shall not be subject to the Federal Acquisition Regulation for competi-
tion when the services provided by the enti-ties referred to in such subparagraph are do-nated or of minimal cost to the Department. 
‘‘(d) C
YBER CRIMES UNIT.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall op-
erate, within the Center, a Cyber Crimes Unit (referred to in this subsection as the ‘CCU’). 
‘‘(2) F
UNCTIONS .—The CCU— 
‘‘(A) shall oversee the cyber security strat-
egy and cyber-related operations and pro-grams for United States Immigration and Customs Enforcement; 
‘‘(B) shall enhance United States Immigra-
tion and Customs Enforcement’s ability to combat criminal enterprises operating on or through the Internet, with specific focus in the areas of— 
‘‘(i) cyber economic crime; ‘‘(ii) digital theft of intellectual property; ‘‘(iii) illicit e-commerce (including hidden 
marketplaces); 
‘‘(iv) Internet-facilitated proliferation of 
arms and strategic technology; and 
‘‘(v) cyber-enabled smuggling and money 
laundering; 
‘‘(C) shall provide training and technical 
support in cyber investigations to— 
‘‘(i) United States Immigration and Cus-
toms Enforcement personnel; and 
‘‘(ii) Federal, State, local, tribal, military, 
and foreign law enforcement agency per-sonnel engaged in the investigation of crimes within their respective jurisdictions, upon request and subject to the availability of funds; 
‘‘(D) shall participate in research and de-
velopment in the area of cyber investiga-tions, in coordination with appropriate com-ponents of the Department; and 
‘‘(E) is authorized to recruit participants 
of the Human Exploitation Rescue Operative (HERO) Child Rescue Corps program for in-vestigative and forensic positions in support of the functions of the CCU. 
‘‘(3) C
OOPERATIVE AGREEMENTS .—The CCU 
is authorized to enter into cooperative agree-ments to accomplish the functions set forth in paragraph (2). 
‘‘(e) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
There are authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary such sums as are necessary to carry out this section.’’. 
(2) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS AMENDMENT .—The 
table of contents in section 1(b) of the Home-land Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 101 note) is amended by adding after the item relating to section 890 the following: 
‘‘Sec. 890A. Cyber crimes center, child ex-
ploitation investigations unit, computer forensics unit, and cyber crimes unit.’’. 
(c) HERO C
ORPS HIRING .—It is the sense of 
Congress that Homeland Security Investiga-tions of the United States Immigration and Customs Enforcement should hire, recruit, train, and equip wounded, ill, or injured mili-tary veterans (as defined in section 101, title 38, United States Code) who are affiliated with the HERO Child Rescue Corps program for investigative, intelligence, analyst, and forensic positions. 
(d) I
NVESTIGATING CHILD EXPLOITATION .— 
Section 307(b)(3) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 187(b)(3)) is amended— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:10 May 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18MY7.014 H18MYPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3274 May 18, 2015 
(1) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘and’’ 
at the end; 
(2) in subparagraph (C), by striking the pe-
riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) conduct research and development for 
the purpose of advancing technology for the investigation of child exploitation crimes, including child victim identification, traf-ficking in persons, and child pornography, and for advanced forensics.’’. 
SEC. 303. TRANSPORTATION FOR ILLEGAL SEX-
UAL ACTIVITY AND RELATED CRIMES. 
Chapter 117 of title 18, United States Code, 
is amended by striking section 2421 and in-serting the following: 
‘‘§ 2421. Transportation generally 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Whoever knowingly 
transports any individual in interstate or foreign commerce, or in any Territory or Possession of the United States, with intent that such individual engage in prostitution, or in any sexual activity for which any per-son can be charged with a criminal offense, or attempts to do so, shall be fined under this title or imprisoned not more than 10 years, or both. 
‘‘(b) R
EQUESTS TOPROSECUTE VIOLATIONS  
BYSTATE ATTORNEYS GENERAL .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Attorney General 
shall grant a request by a State attorney general that a State or local attorney be cross designated to prosecute a violation of this section unless the Attorney General de-termines that granting the request would undermine the administration of justice. 
‘‘(2) R
EASON FOR DENIAL .—If the Attorney 
General denies a request under paragraph (1), the Attorney General shall submit to the State attorney general a detailed reason for the denial not later than 60 days after the date on which a request is received.’’. 
TITLE IV—RAPE SURVIVOR CHILD 
CUSTODY 
SEC. 401. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Rape Sur-
vivor Child Custody Act’’. 
SEC. 402. DEFINITIONS. 
In this title: (1) C
OVERED FORMULA GRANT .—The term 
‘‘covered formula grant’’ means a grant under— 
(A) part T of title I of the Omnibus Crime 
Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3796gg et seq.) (commonly referred to as the ‘‘STOP Violence Against Women For-mula Grant Program’’); or 
(B) section 41601 of the Violence Against 
Women Act of 1994 (42 U.S.C. 14043g) (com-monly referred to as the ‘‘Sexual Assault Services Program’’). 
(2) T
ERMINATION .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The term ‘‘termination’’ 
means, when used with respect to parental rights, a complete and final termination of the parent’s right to custody of, guardian-ship of, visitation with, access to, and inher-itance from a child. 
(B) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
this paragraph shall be construed to require a State, in order to receive an increase in the amount provided to the State under the cov-ered formula grants under this title, to have in place a law that terminates any obliga-tion of a person who fathered a child through rape to support the child. 
SEC. 403. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds the following: (1) Men who father children through rape 
should be prohibited from visiting or having custody of those children. 
(2) Thousands of rape-related pregnancies 
occur annually in the United States. 
(3) A substantial number of women choose 
to raise their child conceived through rape and, as a result, may face custody battles 
with their rapists. 
(4) Rape is one of the most under-pros-
ecuted serious crimes, with estimates of criminal conviction occurring in less than 5 percent of rapes. 
(5) The clear and convincing evidence 
standard is the most common standard for termination of parental rights among the 50 States, territories, and the District of Co-lumbia. 
(6) The Supreme Court established that the 
clear and convincing evidence standard sat-isfies due process for allegations to termi-nate or restrict parental rights in Santosky v. Kramer (455 U.S. 745 (1982)). 
(7) Currently only 10 States have statutes 
allowing rape survivors to petition for the termination of parental rights of the rapist based on clear and convincing evidence that the child was conceived through rape. 
(8) A rapist pursuing parental or custody 
rights causes the survivor to have continued interaction with the rapist, which can have traumatic psychological effects on the sur-vivor, and can make it more difficult for her to recover. 
(9) These traumatic effects on the mother 
can severely negatively impact her ability to raise a healthy child. 
(10) Rapists may use the threat of pursuing 
custody or parental rights to coerce sur-vivors into not prosecuting rape, or other-wise harass, intimidate, or manipulate them. 
SEC. 404. INCREASED FUNDING FOR FORMULA 
GRANTS AUTHORIZED. 
The Attorney General shall increase the 
amount provided to a State under the cov-ered formula grants in accordance with this title if the State has in place a law that al-lows the mother of any child that was con-ceived through rape to seek court-ordered termination of the parental rights of her rap-ist with regard to that child, which the court is authorized to grant upon clear and con-vincing evidence of rape. 
SEC. 405. APPLICATION. 
A State seeking an increase in the amount 
provided to the State under the covered for-mula grants shall include in the application of the State for each covered formula grant such information as the Attorney General may reasonably require, including informa-tion about the law described in section 404. 
SEC. 406. GRANT INCREASE. 
The amount of the increase provided to a 
State under the covered formula grants under this title shall be equal to not more than 10 percent of the average of the total amount of funding provided to the State under the covered formula grants under the 3 most recent awards to the State. 
SEC. 407. PERIOD OF INCREASE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Attorney General 
shall provide an increase in the amount pro-vided to a State under the covered formula grants under this title for a 2-year period. 
(b) L
IMIT.—The Attorney General may not 
provide an increase in the amount provided to a State under the covered formula grants under this title more than 4 times. 
SEC. 408. ALLOCATION OF INCREASED FORMULA 
GRANT FUNDS. 
The Attorney General shall allocate an in-
crease in the amount provided to a State under the covered formula grants under this title such that— 
(1) 25 percent the amount of the increase is 
provided under the program described in sec-tion 402(1)(A); and 
(2) 75 percent the amount of the increase is 
provided under the program described in sec-tion 402(1)(B). 
SEC. 409. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
There is authorized to be appropriated to 
carry out this title $5,000,000 for each of fis-cal years 2015 through 2019. TITLE V—MILITARY SEX OFFENDER 
REPORTING 
SEC. 501. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Military 
Sex Offender Reporting Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 502. REGISTRATION OF SEX OFFENDERS RE-
LEASED FROM MILITARY CORREC-TIONS FACILITIES OR UPON CONVIC-TION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Sex Offender Reg-
istration and Notification Act is amended by inserting after section 128 (42 U.S.C. 16928) the following: 
‘‘SEC. 128A. REGISTRATION OF SEX OFFENDERS 
RELEASED FROM MILITARY COR-RECTIONS FACILITIES OR UPON CONVICTION. 
‘‘The Secretary of Defense shall provide to 
the Attorney General the information de-scribed in section 114 to be included in the National Sex Offender Registry and the Dru Sjodin National Sex Offender Public Website regarding persons— 
‘‘(1)(A) released from military corrections 
facilities; or 
‘‘(B) convicted if the sentences adjudged by 
courts-martial under chapter 47 of title 10, United States Code (the Uniform Code of Military Justice), do not include confine-ment; and 
‘‘(2) required to register under this title.’’. 
(b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of contents of the Adam 
Walsh Child Protection and Safety Act is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 128 the following: 
‘‘Sec. 128A. Registration of sex offenders re-
leased from military correc-tions facilities or upon convic-tion.’’. 
TITLE VI—STOPPING EXPLOITATION 
THROUGH TRAFFICKING 
SEC. 601. SAFE HARBOR INCENTIVES. 
Part Q of title I of the Omnibus Crime Con-
trol and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3796dd et seq.) is amended— 
(1) in section 1701(c), by striking ‘‘where 
feasible’’ and all that follows, and inserting the following: ‘‘where feasible, to an applica-tion— 
‘‘(1) for hiring and rehiring additional ca-
reer law enforcement officers that involves a non-Federal contribution exceeding the 25 percent minimum under subsection (g); or 
‘‘(2) from an applicant in a State that has 
in effect a law that— 
‘‘(A) treats a minor who has engaged in, or 
has attempted to engage in, a commercial sex act as a victim of a severe form of traf-ficking in persons; 
‘‘(B) discourages or prohibits the charging 
or prosecution of an individual described in subparagraph (A) for a prostitution or sex trafficking offense, based on the conduct de-scribed in subparagraph (A); and 
‘‘(C) encourages the diversion of an indi-
vidual described in subparagraph (A) to ap-propriate service providers, including child welfare services, victim treatment programs, child advocacy centers, rape crisis centers, or other social services.’’; and 
(2) in section 1709, by inserting at the end 
the following: 
‘‘(5) ‘commercial sex act’ has the meaning 
given the term in section 103 of the Victims of Trafficking and Violence Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102). 
‘‘(6) ‘minor’ means an individual who has 
not attained the age of 18 years. 
‘‘(7) ‘severe form of trafficking in persons’ 
has the meaning given the term in section 103 of the Victims of Trafficking and Vio-lence Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102).’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:10 May 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18MY7.014 H18MYPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3275 May 18, 2015 
SEC. 602. REPORT ON RESTITUTION PAID IN CON-
NECTION WITH CERTAIN TRAF-FICKING OFFENSES. 
Section 105(d)(7)(Q) of the Victims of Traf-
ficking and Violence Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7103(d)(7)(Q)) is amended— 
(1) by inserting after ‘‘1590,’’ the following: 
‘‘1591,’’; 
(2) by striking ‘‘and 1594’’ and inserting 
‘‘1594, 2251, 2251A, 2421, 2422, and 2423’’; 
(3) in clause (iv), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the 
end; 
(4) in clause (v), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the 
end; and 
(5) by inserting after clause (v) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(vi) the number of individuals required by 
a court order to pay restitution in connec-tion with a violation of each offense under title 18, United States Code, the amount of restitution required to be paid under each such order, and the amount of restitution ac-tually paid pursuant to each such order; and 
‘‘(vii) the age, gender, race, country of ori-
gin, country of citizenship, and description of the role in the offense of individuals con-victed under each offense; and’’. 
SEC. 603. NATIONAL HUMAN TRAFFICKING HOT-
LINE. 
Section 107(b)(1)(B) of the Victims of Crime 
Trafficking and Violence Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7105(b)(1)(B)) is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘Subject’’ and inserting the 
following: 
‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Subject’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(ii) N
ATIONAL HUMAN TRAFFICKING HOT -
LINE.—Beginning in fiscal year 2017, and in 
each fiscal year thereafter, of amounts made available for grants under paragraph (2), the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall make grants for a national communica-tion system to assist victims of severe forms of trafficking in persons in communicating with service providers. The Secretary shall give priority to grant applicants that have experience in providing telephone services to victims of severe forms of trafficking in per-sons.’’. 
SEC. 604. JOB CORPS ELIGIBILITY. 
Section 144(a)(3) of the Workforce Innova-
tion and Opportunity Act (29 U.S.C. 3194(a)(3)) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(F) A victim of a severe form of traf-
ficking in persons (as defined in section 103 of the Victims of Trafficking and Violence Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102)). Not-withstanding paragraph (2), an individual de-scribed in this subparagraph shall not be re-quired to demonstrate eligibility under such paragraph.’’. 
SEC. 605. CLARIFICATION OF AUTHORITY OF THE 
UNITED STATES MARSHALS SERV-ICE. 
Section 566(e)(1) of title 28, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘and’’ 
at the end; 
(2) in subparagraph (C), by striking the pe-
riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(3) by inserting after subparagraph (C) the 
following: 
‘‘(D) assist State, local, and other Federal 
law enforcement agencies, upon the request of such an agency, in locating and recovering missing children.’’. 
SEC. 606. ESTABLISHING A NATIONAL STRATEGY 
TO COMBAT HUMAN TRAFFICKING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Attorney General 
shall implement and maintain a National Strategy for Combating Human Trafficking (referred to in this section as the ‘‘National Strategy’’) in accordance with this section. 
(b) R
EQUIRED CONTENTS OF NATIONAL  
STRATEGY .—The National Strategy shall in-
clude the following: (1) Integrated Federal, State, local, and 
tribal efforts to investigate and prosecute human trafficking cases, including— 
(A) the development by each United States 
attorney, in consultation with State, local, 
and tribal government agencies, of a dis-trict-specific strategic plan to coordinate the identification of victims and the inves-tigation and prosecution of human traf-ficking crimes; 
(B) the appointment of not fewer than 1 as-
sistant United States attorney in each dis-trict dedicated to the prosecution of human trafficking cases or responsible for imple-menting the National Strategy; 
(C) the participation in any Federal, State, 
local, or tribal human trafficking task force operating in the district of the United States attorney; and 
(D) any other efforts intended to enhance 
the level of coordination and cooperation, as determined by the Attorney General. 
(2) Case coordination within the Depart-
ment of Justice, including specific integra-tion, coordination, and collaboration, as ap-propriate, on human trafficking investiga-tions between and among the United States attorneys, the Human Trafficking Prosecu-tion Unit, the Child Exploitation and Ob-scenity Section, and the Federal Bureau of Investigation. 
(3) Annual budget priorities and Federal ef-
forts dedicated to preventing and combating human trafficking, including resources dedi-cated to the Human Trafficking Prosecution Unit, the Child Exploitation and Obscenity Section, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and all other entities that receive Federal support that have a goal or mission to com-bat the exploitation of adults and children. 
(4) An ongoing assessment of the future 
trends, challenges, and opportunities, includ-ing new investigative strategies, techniques, and technologies, that will enhance Federal, State, local, and tribal efforts to combat human trafficking. 
(5) Encouragement of cooperation, coordi-
nation, and mutual support between private sector and other entities and organizations and Federal agencies to combat human traf-ficking, including the involvement of State, local, and tribal government agencies to the extent Federal programs are involved. 
TITLE VII—TRAFFICKING AWARENESS 
TRAINING FOR HEALTH CARE 
SEC. 701. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Trafficking 
Awareness Training for Health Care Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 702. DEVELOPMENT OF BEST PRACTICES. 
(a) G RANT OR CONTRACT FOR DEVELOPMENT  
OFBESTPRACTICES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of Health and Human Services acting through the Administrator of the Health Re-sources and Services Administration, and in consultation with the Administration on Children and Families and other agencies with experience in serving victims of human trafficking, shall award, on a competitive basis, a grant or contract to an eligible enti-ty to train health care professionals to rec-ognize and respond to victims of a severe form of trafficking. 
(2) D
EVELOPMENT OF EVIDENCE -BASED BEST  
PRACTICES .—An entity receiving a grant 
under paragraph (1) shall develop evidence- based best practices for health care profes-sionals to recognize and respond to victims of a severe form of trafficking, including— 
(A) consultation with law enforcement of-
ficials, social service providers, health pro-fessionals, experts in the field of human traf-ficking, and other experts, as appropriate, to inform the development of such best prac-tices; (B) the identification of any existing best 
practices or tools for health professionals to recognize potential victims of a severe form of trafficking; and 
(C) the development of educational mate-
rials to train health care professionals on the best practices developed under this sub-section. 
(3) R
EQUIREMENTS .—Best practices devel-
oped under this subsection shall address— 
(A) risk factors and indicators to recognize 
victims of a severe form of trafficking; 
(B) patient safety and security; (C) the management of medical records of 
patients who are victims of a severe form of trafficking; 
(D) public and private social services avail-
able for rescue, food, clothing, and shelter referrals; 
(E) the hotlines for reporting human traf-
ficking maintained by the National Human Trafficking Resource Center and the Depart-ment of Homeland Security; 
(F) validated assessment tools for the iden-
tification of victims of a severe form of traf-ficking; and 
(G) referral options and procedures for 
sharing information on human trafficking with a patient and making referrals for legal and social services as appropriate. 
(4) P
ILOT PROGRAM .—An entity receiving a 
grant under paragraph (1) shall design and implement a pilot program to test the best practices and educational materials identi-fied or developed with respect to the recogni-tion of victims of human trafficking by health professionals at health care sites lo-cated near an established anti-human traf-ficking task force initiative in each of the 10 administrative regions of the Department of Health and Human Services. 
(5) A
NALYSIS AND REPORT .—Not later than 
24 months after the date on which an entity implements a pilot program under paragraph (4), the entity shall— 
(A) analyze the results of the pilot pro-
grams, including through an assessment of— 
(i) changes in the skills, knowledge, and 
attitude of health care professionals result-ing from the implementation of the program; 
(ii) the number of victims of a severe form 
of trafficking who were identified under the program; 
(iii) of those victims identified, the number 
who received information or referrals for services offered; and 
(iv) of those victims who received such in-
formation or referrals— 
(I) the number who participated in follow 
up services; and 
(II) the type of follow up services received; (B) determine, using the results of the 
analysis conducted under subparagraph (A), the extent to which the best practices devel-oped under this subsection are evidence- based; and 
(C) submit to the Secretary of Health and 
Human Services a report concerning the pilot program and the analysis of the pilot program under subparagraph (A), including an identification of the best practices that were identified as effective and those that require further review. 
(b) D
ISSEMINATION .—Not later than 30 
months after date on which a grant is award-ed to an eligible entity under subsection (a), the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall— 
(1) collaborate with appropriate profes-
sional associations and health care profes-sional schools to disseminate best practices identified or developed under subsection (a) for purposes of recognizing potential victims of a severe form of trafficking; and 
(2) post on the public website of the De-
partment of Health and Human Services the best practices that are identified by the as effective under subsection (a)(5). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:10 May 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18MY7.014 H18MYPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3276 May 18, 2015 
SEC. 703. DEFINITIONS. 
In this title: 
(1) The term ‘‘eligible entity’’ means an ac-
credited school of medicine or nursing with experience in the study or treatment of vic-tims of a severe form of trafficking. 
(2) The term ‘‘eligible site’’ means a health 
center that is receiving assistance under sec-tion 330, 399Z–1, or 1001 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 254b, 280h–5, and 300). 
(3) The term ‘‘health care professional’’ 
means a person employed by a health care provider who provides to patients informa-tion (including information not related to medical treatment), scheduling, services, or referrals. 
(4) The term ‘‘HIPAA privacy and security 
law’’ has the meaning given to such term in section 3009 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 300jj–19). 
(5) The term ‘‘victim of a severe form of 
trafficking’’ has the meaning given to such term in section 103 of the Trafficking Vic-tims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102). 
SEC. 704. NO ADDITIONAL AUTHORIZATION OF 
APPROPRIATIONS. 
No additional funds are authorized to be 
appropriated to carry out this title, and this title shall be carried out using amounts oth-erwise available for such purpose. 
TITLE VIII—BETTER RESPONSE FOR 
VICTIMS OF CHILD SEX TRAFFICKING 
SEC. 801. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Ensuring a 
Better Response for Victims of Child Sex Trafficking’’. 
SEC. 802. CAPTA AMENDMENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The amendments to the 
Child Abuse Prevention and Treatment Act (42 U.S.C. 5101 et seq.) made by this section shall take effect 2 years after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(b) S
TATE PLANS .—Section 106 of the Child 
Abuse Prevention and Treatment Act (42 U.S.C. 5106a) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (b)(2)(B)— (A) in clause (xxii), by striking ‘‘and’’ at 
the end; and 
(B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(xxiv) provisions and procedures requiring 
identification and assessment of all reports involving children known or suspected to be victims of sex trafficking (as defined in sec-tion 103(10) of the Trafficking Victims Pro-tection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102 (10)); and 
‘‘(xxv) provisions and procedures for train-
ing child protective services workers about identifying, assessing, and providing com-prehensive services for children who are sex trafficking victims, including efforts to co-ordinate with State law enforcement, juve-nile justice, and social service agencies such as runaway and homeless youth shelters to serve this population;’’; and 
(2) in subsection (d), by adding at the end 
the following: 
‘‘(17) The number of children determined to 
be victims described in subsection (b)(2)(B)(xxiv).’’. 
(c) S
PECIAL RULE.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 111 of the Child 
Abuse Prevention and Treatment Act (42 U.S.C. 5106g) is amended— 
(A) by striking ‘‘For purposes’’ and insert-
ing the following: 
‘‘(a) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes’’; and 
(B) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(b) S PECIAL RULE.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—For purposes of section 
3(2) and subsection (a)(4), a child shall be considered a victim of ‘child abuse and ne-glect’ and of ‘sexual abuse’ if the child is identified, by a State or local agency em-ployee of the State or locality involved, as being a victim of sex trafficking (as defined in paragraph (10) of section 103 of the Traf-ficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102)) or a victim of severe forms of 
trafficking in persons described in paragraph (9)(A) of that section. 
‘‘(2) S
TATE OPTION .—Notwithstanding the 
definition of ‘child’ in section 3(1), a State may elect to define that term for purposes of the application of paragraph (1) to section 3(2) and subsection (a)(4) as a person who has not attained the age of 24.’’. 
(2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 3(2) 
of the Child Abuse Prevention and Treat-ment Act (42 U.S.C. 5101 note) is amended by inserting ‘‘(including sexual abuse as deter-mined under section 111)’’ after ‘‘sexual abuse or exploitation’’. 
(3) T
ECHNICAL CORRECTION .—Paragraph 
(5)(C) of subsection (a), as so designated, of section 111 of the Child Abuse Prevention and Treatment Act (42 U.S.C. 5106g) is amended by striking ‘‘inhumane;’’ and in-serting ‘‘inhumane.’’. 
TITLE IX—ANTI-TRAFFICKING TRAINING 
FOR DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SE-CURITY PERSONNEL 
SEC. 901. DEFINITIONS. 
In this title: (1) D
EPARTMENT .—The term ‘‘Department’’ 
means the Department of Homeland Secu-rity. 
(2) H
UMAN TRAFFICKING .—The term ‘‘human 
trafficking’’ means an act or practice de-scribed in paragraph (9) or (10) of section 103 of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102). 
(3) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ 
means the Secretary of Homeland Security. 
SEC. 902. TRAINING FOR DEPARTMENT PER-
SONNEL TO IDENTIFY HUMAN TRAF-FICKING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall implement a program to— 
(1) train and periodically retrain relevant 
Transportation Security Administration, U.S. Customs and Border Protection, and other Department personnel that the Sec-retary considers appropriate, with respect to how to effectively deter, detect, and disrupt human trafficking, and, where appropriate, interdict a suspected perpetrator of human trafficking, during the course of their pri-mary roles and responsibilities; and 
(2) ensure that the personnel referred to in 
paragraph (1) regularly receive current infor-mation on matters related to the detection of human trafficking, including information that becomes available outside of the De-partment’s initial or periodic retraining schedule, to the extent relevant to their offi-cial duties and consistent with applicable in-formation and privacy laws. 
(b) T
RAINING DESCRIBED .—The training re-
ferred to in subsection (a) may be conducted through in-class or virtual learning capabili-ties, and shall include— 
(1) methods for identifying suspected vic-
tims of human trafficking and, where appro-priate, perpetrators of human trafficking; 
(2) for appropriate personnel, methods to 
approach a suspected victim of human traf-ficking, where appropriate, in a manner that is sensitive to the suspected victim and is not likely to alert a suspected perpetrator of human trafficking; 
(3) training that is most appropriate for a 
particular location or environment in which the personnel receiving such training per-form their official duties; 
(4) other topics determined by the Sec-
retary to be appropriate; and 
(5) a post-training evaluation for personnel 
receiving the training. 
(c) T
RAINING CURRICULUM REVIEW .—The 
Secretary shall annually reassess the train-ing program established under subsection (a) to ensure it is consistent with current tech-niques, patterns, and trends associated with 
human trafficking. 
SEC. 903. CERTIFICATION AND REPORT TO CON-
GRESS. 
(a) C ERTIFICATION .—Not later than 1 year 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall certify to Congress that all personnel referred to in section 402(a) have successfully completed the training re-quired under that section. 
(b) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 1 
year after the date of the enactment of this Act and annually thereafter, the Secretary shall report to Congress with respect to the overall effectiveness of the program required by this title, the number of cases reported by Department personnel in which human traf-ficking was suspected, and, of those cases, the number of cases that were confirmed cases of human trafficking. 
SEC. 904. ASSISTANCE TO NON-FEDERAL ENTI-
TIES. 
The Secretary may provide training cur-
ricula to any State, local, or tribal govern-ment or private organization to assist the government or organization in establishing a program of training to identify human traf-ficking, upon request from the government or organization. 
SEC. 905. EXPANDED USE OF DOMESTIC TRAF-
FICKING VICTIMS’ FUND. 
Section 3014(e)(1) of title 18, United States 
Code, as added by section 101 of this Act, is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘and’’ 
at the end; 
(2) in subparagraph (C), by striking the pe-
riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) section 106 of the PROTECT Our Chil-
dren Act of 2008 (42 U.S.C. 17616).’’. 
TITLE X—HUMAN TRAFFICKING SUR-
VIVORS RELIEF AND EMPOWERMENT ACT 
SEC. 1001. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Human 
Trafficking Survivors Relief and Empower-ment Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 1002. PROTECTIONS FOR HUMAN TRAF-
FICKING SURVIVORS. 
Section 1701(c) of title I of the Omnibus 
Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3796dd(c)) is amended by striking ‘‘where feasible’’ and all that follows, and in-serting the following: ‘‘where feasible, to an application— 
‘‘(1) for hiring and rehiring additional ca-
reer law enforcement officers that involves a non-Federal contribution exceeding the 25 percent minimum under subsection (g); or 
‘‘(2) from an applicant in a State that has 
in effect a law— 
‘‘(A) that— ‘‘(i) provides a process by which an indi-
vidual who is a human trafficking survivor can move to vacate any arrest or conviction records for a non-violent offense committed as a direct result of human trafficking, in-cluding prostitution or lewdness; 
‘‘(ii) establishes a rebuttable presumption 
that any arrest or conviction of an indi-vidual for an offense associated with human trafficking is a result of being trafficked, if the individual— 
‘‘(I) is a person granted nonimmigrant sta-
tus pursuant to section 101(a)(15)(T)(i) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(15)(T)(i)); 
‘‘(II) is the subject of a certification by the 
Secretary of Health and Human Services under section 107(b)(1)(E) of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7105(b)(1)(E)); or 
‘‘(III) has other similar documentation of 
trafficking, which has been issued by a Fed-eral, State, or local agency; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:10 May 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18MY7.014 H18MYPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3277 May 18, 2015 
‘‘(iii) protects the identity of individuals 
who are human trafficking survivors in pub-lic and court records; and 
‘‘(B) that does not require an individual 
who is a human trafficking survivor to pro-vide official documentation as described in subclause (I), (II), or (III) of subparagraph (A)(ii) in order to receive protection under the law.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ) and the gen-
tlewoman from Texas (Ms. J ACKSON  
LEE) each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Virginia. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous mate-rials on S. 178, currently under consid-eration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Virginia? 
There was no objection. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
We are here today to consider com-
prehensive legislation that will help address the scourge of human traf-ficking, generally, and child sex traf-ficking, specifically, that is occurring in every corner of the United States as we stand here today. 
According to the Federal Bureau of 
Investigation, sex trafficking is the fastest growing business of organized crime and the third largest criminal enterprise in the world. One organiza-tion estimates that child sex traf-ficking in the United States alone is a $9.8 billion industry. 
Criminal organizations, including 
some of the most violent criminal street gangs like MS–13, have realized that selling children can be more prof-itable than selling drugs. This is be-cause drugs are only sold once, but minor children can be and are pros-tituted multiple times a day, every day. It is time for Congress to send a clear message that we won’t stand for this. 
Today marks the third time that I 
have stood on the House floor urging the passage of the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act. The House passed similar legislation in May 2014 and, again, in January of this year. 
S. 178, the bill we consider today and 
its predecessors, are comprehensive legislation that, among other things, provide additional resources to law en-forcement and service providers through a victim-centered grant pro-gram, help to facilitate investigations by providing that child sex trafficking and other similar crimes are predicate offenses for State wiretap applications, address the demand side by clarifying that it is a Federal crime to solicit or patronize child prostitutes or adult vic-tims forced into prostitution, and strengthens the existing Federal crimi-nal laws against trafficking through a number of clarifying amendments. I am very pleased that a number of 
separate trafficking vehicles that were originally passed by the House Judici-ary Committee and then by the full House are contained within S. 178, in-cluding the Stop Exploitation Through Trafficking Act of 2015, introduced by Mr. P
AULSEN of Minnesota; the SAVE 
Act of 2015, introduced by Mrs. W AGNER  
of Missouri; and the Human Traf-ficking Prevention, Intervention, and Recovery Act of 2015, introduced by Mrs. N
OEMof South Dakota. I thank all 
of my colleagues for their dedication to ending this terrible crime. 
I also thank Judge P
OEof Texas for 
sponsoring the two previous House versions of the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act. 
S. 178 is not perfect legislation, and I 
thank both House and Senate leader-ship, as well as the bill’s sponsor, Sen-ator C
ORNYN , for agreeing to fix tech-
nical issues with the bill in future leg-islation, but it is my belief that this legislation will do much good in the fight to end human trafficking. 
For that reason, I urge my colleagues 
to support the bill and thus send it to the President to be signed into law. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Let me join my friend and colleague, 
the chairman of the Judiciary Com-mittee, and thank him for his leader-ship in making sure that this bill would come to the floor. Along with the ranking member, Mr. C
ONYERS ; 
subcommittee chairman, Mr. S ENSEN -
BRENNER ; and myself as the ranking 
member, we are grateful for the leader-ship of our colleagues in working through the human trafficking legisla-tion. 
I would associate myself with the 
words that all of us have said very often. Tragically and heinously, sex trafficking, human trafficking, and the trafficking of children keeps on giving in an ugly, horrible, disastrous way that ruins the lives of innocent victims for they are used over and over again. 
I stand here recognizing that Hous-
ton ranks very high among those cities that have the scourge of human traf-ficking. In fact, as I rise to support S. 178, the Justice for Victims of Traf-ficking Act of 2015, I recognize that human trafficking is a scourge that im-pacts greatly on my home district in Houston, Texas. Houston currently ranks number one among the U.S. cit-ies with the most victims of human trafficking. 
On the House bill, I congratulate 
Congressman P
OE, my neighbor in 
Houston, and C AROLYN MALONEY , a 
member from New York, who worked together to bring about this bipartisan legislation. 
I want to thank my colleagues as 
well from the Homeland Security Com-mittee. Judge P
OEjoined us in the first 
human trafficking hearing that I held in Houston, Texas, to further empha-size the coming together of law en-forcement and social service advocates 
for the importance of this legislation. 
In fact, as I recall this bill being 
written, there were so many different groups from faith organizations put-ting on walks to talk about trafficking. Houston recognized that they had a problem they need to fix. 
In the backdrop of this legislation, as 
it was making its way through the House, we even had a massive human trafficking raid, if you will, where there were 20 to 30 persons in a home just a short distance from downtown. A couple of the individuals were minors. We know what their end would be. 
Twenty-five percent of all human 
trafficking victims are in my home State of Texas. Currently, 30 percent of all human trafficking tips to the na-tional rescue hotline come from Texas; but this is a national problem. The Na-tional Center for Missing and Exploited Children estimates that one of every seven endangered runaways reported to the center are likely victims of minor sex trafficking and that at least 100,000 American children are victims of sex trafficking each year. 
It is our duty to rescue these chil-
dren, shelter them, and help them re-cover from the trauma that has been inflicted upon them. It is also our duty to prevent those crimes before they happen and to provide law enforcement with the tools they need to combat human traffickers. 
This bill will be a significant weapon 
in the war against sex trafficking which, unfortunately, is the fastest growing business of organized crime in the United States, generating an esti-mated $9 billion annually. Mr. Speaker, we have said it continues to generate income and revenue. 
I am very glad that there are a num-
ber of legislative initiatives incor-porated into this final legislative docu-ment and that this will go to the Presi-dent’s desk and be signed. 
I am glad it includes language I sub-
mitted in the Judiciary Committee that puts Congress squarely on the record in the sense of Congress, that we stand together on the issue of opposing human trafficking and viewing it as a dastardly deed. 
Although not perfect, this is a com-
prehensive bill that includes a variety of measures intended to strike at the problem of child sex trafficking through prevention, law enforcement, and rehabilitation services for victims. 
What I like most of all is that it puts 
the United States Congress and, ulti-mately, the President of the United States and the laws of the land on the side of children and on the side of vic-tims who have been trafficked or vic-tims of sex trafficking. The bill strikes at the demand for this business by add-ing criminal prohibitions for those who solicit and advertise human traf-ficking. 
Law enforcement across the U.S. has 
identified online sex acts as the num-ber one platform for buying and selling of sex with children and young women. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:10 May 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18MY7.014 H18MYPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3278 May 18, 2015 
These men can sit idly and relaxed in 
their homes and victimize individuals. This is an important step forward for law enforcement, to have the tools to reach those predators wherever they are. 
This legislation provides the tools to 
rebuild the lives of those exploited by this business, and it specifically ad-dresses the needs of thousands of home-less children, many of whom are on the streets of Houston. I say to them today that they will be embraced with a doc-ument that stands on their side, many who have fled physically and sexually abusive homes, only to be victimized again by sex traffickers. 
Mr. Speaker, I am delighted that this 
bill is moving, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, at 
this time, it is my pleasure to yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. P
OE), a member of the Judiciary 
Committee and a champion in the fight against child sex trafficking and the author of one of the underlying pieces of legislation that led to the bill that we are considering here today. 
Mr. POE of Texas. I thank the chair-
man for bringing this legislation promptly to the House floor today. 
Mr. Speaker, it was 155 years ago 
that this Nation debated in this Cham-ber several volatile issues, including slavery. After 600,000 Americans, both from the North and the South, died in war, slavery was forever banned by the 13th Amendment to our Constitution. 
Now, in our time, this ugly scourge 
has risen its head again one more time. The evil enterprise has taken on the enslavement of women and children. Traffickers—slave masters—buy and sell the young in the marketplace of child sex exploitation. 
They treat these victims as cattle to 
be led to the stockyards of slavery. The traffickers even brand the victims, Mr. Speaker, on the neck so that other traffickers will know whose property they are. 
The illicit revenue from trafficking 
is second only to the drug trade; and, as has been mentioned, my hometown of Houston seems to be the hub for child sex trafficking in United States. 
The average age of the minor sex 
traffic victim, Mr. Speaker, is 13. Maria was an 11-year-old girl. She met a person that treated her nicely. He was an older male. Traffickers, Mr. Speaker, do not wear long trench coats. They are relatively young, good- looking guys. 
He enticed her; he brought her some 
presents; he took her to his home, and then she became a slave. At 11 years old, she was sold on the marketplace for a long time, until she was able to escape the traffickers. That is what is taking place in our country. 
Today, unlike 155 years ago, this 
Congress is united in stopping this curse of slavery. Ten bills dealing with sex trafficking overwhelmingly passed the House of Representatives. One of those was one that I sponsored, the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act, 
along with C
AROLYN MALONEY , who is 
here today. 
Mr. Speaker, these are all bipartisan 
pieces of legislation, and you don’t get much more bipartisan than C
AROLYN  
MALONEY from New York and T EDPOE 
from Texas agreeing. We are only sepa-rated, as Churchill said, by a common language. I want to thank her for her hard work for years on the issue of trafficking. The Senate combined these 10 bills, made some positive changes, and their bill passed the Senate 99–0. 
The Justice for Victims of Traf-
ficking Act goes after the trafficker— the slave master, the slaveholder. It treats the child as a victim and not as a criminal and not as a child pros-titute. It rescues the victim, and it tar-gets the demand—the buyer, the child abuser—that buys these children for pleasure. 
This legislation also allows Federal 
judges to impose not only prison for these criminals, but may order that fees go into a fund. That fund can be used for victims’ services and even training for peace officers. Make these criminals pay the rent on the court-house and pay for the system that they have created. 
I want to thank all those that have 
been involved in these numerous issues. I especially want to thank the ladies of the House of Representatives on both sides for bringing this issue to a vote today. They are very powerful, Mr. Speaker, on this issue. They de-serve recognition. 
I also want to commend Senator C
OR-
NYN for the legislation he pushed for-
ward—the original bill that we are vot-ing on today—in the Senate of the United States. 
Mr. Speaker, America can no longer 
deny the inconvenient truth of sex trafficking. The enslavement of chil-dren is not acceptable, and it will not be tolerated. It will not be tolerated in this country, and it is not going to be tolerated in other countries as well. 
Mr. Speaker, I will insert into the 
R
ECORD a letter sent by 163 different 
organizations in support of this legisla-tion. 
APRIL 29, 2015. 
Hon. J OHNBOEHNER , 
Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. N
ANCY PELOSI , 
Minority Leader, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR SPEAKER BOEHNER AND MINORITY  
LEADER PELOSI : We are an alliance of organi-
zations and individual advocates from across the United States dedicated to improving the lives of vulnerable women and children. We write to express our support for the Senate anti-trafficking package, the Justice for Vic-tims of Trafficking Act, as amended, S. 178 (JVTA package) recently voted out of the Senate unanimously. This package, which includes nearly all of the trafficking bills passed overwhelmingly by the House in Jan-uary, would provide much needed services to victims of human trafficking and help ensure that child victims ensnared in the sex trade are no longer arrested and treated as crimi-nals. According to the FBI, over 80 percent of all 
confirmed sex trafficking cases in the U.S. involve U.S. citizens, yet across the country, victims still lack basic necessities. Simply stated, there are more animal shelters in our country than programs or beds for victims of trafficking. This critical legislation provides unprecedented support to victims, who for too long have endured arrest, imprisonment, and stigma for their victimization instead of support and services. The Senate package contains critical funding for housing and services—a crucial element the House com-panion lacks. Moreover, the legislation sup-ports training for federal prosecutors and judges on the importance of requesting and ordering restitution, so that victims can re-ceive the compensation they are rightly owed by law. 
Every day in this country, thousands of 
women and children are bought and sold. The unfettered demand for sex has caused pimps 
and exploiters to resort to more extreme tac-tics in order to meet exploding demand. The JVTA package directs the Department of Justice to incorporate strategies for reduc-ing demand into anti-trafficking training programs and sting operations, including In-nocence Lost. Women and children, espe-cially girls, are advertised online where buy-ers purchase them with ease and anonymity. This happens in every city, in every state. The JVTA package would help fight online exploitation and work to bring buyers of child sex to justice. It creates a new partner-ship with wounded warriors, training them to serve as online investigators of child por-nography and exploitation. 
Advocates know: this is the most com-
prehensive and thoughtful piece of anti-traf-ficking legislation in years. The JVTA pack-age represents a tremendous bipartisan ef-fort to provide necessary support and protec-tions for our victims of human trafficking, and at long last ends the culture of impunity for those who purchase our most vulnerable for sex. But these victims have waited too long. After several years of advocacy and over a month of delay on the Senate side, we are just one step away from providing this population with justice and healing. 
As leaders in the anti-trafficking, anti-vio-
lence, faith-based, child welfare, law enforce-ment, and human rights movements, we urge the House to take up and pass this vital leg-islation without delay. 
Sincerely, 
Human Rights Project for Girls 
(Rights4Girls); National Domestic Violence Hotline; Coalition Against Trafficking in Women (CATW); Rape, Abuse & Incest Na-tional Network (RAINN); ECPAT-USA; Girls Inc.; Shared Hope International; Equality Now; National Council of Juvenile and Fam-ily Court Judges (NCJFCJ); National Asso-ciation of Police Organizations (NAPO); Na-tional Alliance to End Sexual Violence; New York State Coalition Against Sexual As-sault; Washington Coalition of Sexual As-sault Services; Utah Coalition Against Sex-ual Assault; Arizona Coalition to End Sexual and Domestic Violence; Florida Council Against Sexual Violence; New Hampshire Co-alition Against Domestic & Sexual Violence; Ohio Alliance to End Sexual Violence. 
Wisconsin Coalition Against Sexual As-
sault; Connecticut Sexual Assault Crisis Services; National Children’s Alliance (NCA); Jewish Women International (JWI); Children’s Advocacy Institute; National As-sociation of Counsel for Children; Courtney’s House, survivor-led service provider; PRO-TECT; First Focus Campaign for Children; Franciscan Action Network; Breaking Free, survivor-led service provider; The Organiza-tion for Prostitution Survivors; Religious Sisters of Charity; Sanctuary for Families; Maryknoll Sisters of St. Dominic. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:10 May 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18MY7.029 H18MYPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3279 May 18, 2015 
Dominican Sisters of Peace; DC Rape Cri-
sis Center; Congregation of St. Joseph; Reli-gious of the Sacred Heart; Survivors for So-lutions, survivor-led service provider; YouthSpark; Poverty Elimination and Com-
munity Action (PEACE) Foundation; Provi-dence House Inc.; Freedom From Exploi-tation; Society of the Holy Child Jesus, American Province; Sisters of Mercy; Second Life of Chattanooga; Girls Inc. of the Pacific Northwest; Advocacy for Justice and Peace Committee of the Sisters of St. Francis of Philadelphia; Naomi Project; YWCA Na-tional Capital Area; U.S. Fund for UNICEF. 
National Center for Youth Law (NYCL); 
Christ United Methodist Church; ENC Stop Human Trafficking; Sisters of St. Joseph CA; W. Haywood Burns Institute; Sisters of the Presentation of the Blessed Virgin Mary; School Sisters of Notre Dame—CP Province Shalom—JPIC Office; WestCoast Children’s Clinic; Pan Pacific and South East Asia Women’s Association; Trinity Health; Ursu-line Sisters of Tildonk, U.S. Province; Soci-ety for Incentive Travel Excellence (SITE). 
Dominican Sisters of Hope; Wildwood 
United Methodist Church; Daughters of Mary and Joseph; Presbyterian Women; Religious of the Sacred Heart of Mary, Western Amer-ican Province; San Francisco Department on the Status of Women; Enterprising and Pro-fessional Women—NYC; MPower Mentoring; Children Now; Hollywood Business and Pro-fessional Women; Mark P. Lagon, Former Ambassador-At-Large to Combat Trafficking in Persons, U.S. Dept. of State. 
Delores Barr Weaver Policy Center; Per-
haps Kids Meeting Kids Can Make A Dif-ference; California Federation Business & Professional Women; Virginia Beach Justice Initiative; Sex Trafficking Survivors United; Burning Bush Moments; Sara Kruzan, Sur-vivor Advocate; Mary David, Survivor Advo-cate; Mentari, New York-based trafficking provider; MISSSEY Inc.; WITNESS; World Outreach Worship Center; Citizens Against Trafficking; Culture Reframed; Parenting Project. 
Human Trafficking Awareness; Sisters of 
Charity of St. Elizabeth; Samaritan House; Regent Law Center for Global Justice, Human Rights, and the Rule of Law; The Ad-visory Council on Child Trafficking; Center for Global Justice; Slavery Today; The Sal-vation Army 614 Corps; Regent Law Center for Global Justice; Dare for More; Sisters of St. Joseph NW PA; The Samaritan Women; Worthwhile: Go; CHI Memorial Community Health Center; Hamilton County Health De-partment. 
City Church of Chattanooga; The Healing 
Place of Hampton Roads; Lee University; Hope Hollow Exploitation Victim Assistance and Consultation Services; Task Force Against Human Trafficking for the Episcopal Diocese of New York; Protect HER; Mary Kay Cosmetics; Community Coalition Against Human Trafficking; Chattanooga Women’s Club; Brainerd Baptist Church; Young America Ministries. 
Lions Club; United Methodist Women; 
Duoloyi Ministry; Hamilton County Health Department; Gateway Christian Center; Sis-ters of Charity; OLP Foundation; The Advo-cates for Human Rights; Burks United Meth-odist Church; Sisters of Providence; Con-gregation of Sisters of St. Agnes; Chat-tanooga Coalition Against Human Traf-ficking; Regent University Center for Global Justice; Episcopal Diocese of New York. 
Jewish Child Care Association; All Saints 
Institute for Asian American Concerns; Therapeutic Interventions, Inc.; Church of the Incarnation; Lutheran Family Services of Virginia; Center for Global Justice at Re-gent Law; Children’s Law Center of Cali-fornia; Seraphim Global; Christina Oaks; Chattanooga State Community College; Sav-ior Arts, Inc.; Church of the Holy Comforter; 
Sex Trade 101; Project Woman, Ohio-based domestic violence and sexual assault center. 
John Jay College of Criminal Justice; The 
Up Center; Foster Family-based Treatment Association; Alternatives to Violence Cen-ter; Tri County Help Center, Inc.; Alameda County Foster Youth Alliance; Business and Professional Women (BPW); Amara Legal Center; All Saints Episcopal Church; Univer-sity of Hawai’i at Ma ¯noa; Advancing the 
Ministries of the Gospel (AMG) Inter-national; Sisters of Charity of St. Elizabeth; St. Paul’s Episcopal Church. 
New York Presbyterian Church; First Cen-
tenary United Methodist Church; West Vir-ginia Foundation for Rape Information and Services; Rape Crisis Team Trumbull Coun-ty; Cleveland Rape Crisis Center; Poverty Elimination and Community Education (PEACE) Foundation; SHEBA USA; Hope Tree Family Services. 
Mr. POE of Texas. America’s kids, 
Mr. Speaker, are not for sale. 
And that is just the way it is. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, it 
gives me great privilege to yield 5 min-utes to the distinguished gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. C
AROLYN B. 
MALONEY ), whom I have worked with 
over the years on issues dealing with women’s rights and the abuse and mis-use of children and certainly her work on the issues of sexual abuse and sex trafficking of children and women. 
Congresswoman M
ALONEY is a mem-
ber of the Financial Services Com-mittee and an original cosponsor, along with Congressman P
OE, of this legisla-
tion in the House. 
b1715 
Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New 
York. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong sup-port of the Senate-passed Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act. 
I commend the ranking member for 
the Subcommittee on Crime, Ter-rorism, Homeland Security, and Inves-tigations for her hard work on this bill and so many others and on this issue, and to Chairman G
OODLATTE and the 
leadership for bringing this bill swiftly to the floor. 
I particularly applaud the efforts of 
Congressman P
OE, who, as a former 
judge and prosecutor, brought a keen understanding and passion to moving this bill forward. For well over 10 years, I have worked on trying to pass legislation that focused on the demand side of sex trafficking. It is only by going after the demand side that you will ever make a dent in protecting these young girls and boys. With his leadership, he brought new life and focus to getting this passed, and I can-not thank him enough. I truly believe that this bill will save lives. 
I am so pleased that Democrats and 
Republicans have come together, as we have historically done, in efforts to combat human slavery, human traf-ficking, and to bring forward a bill to help victims of this modern-day form of slavery. 
This bill cracks down on traffickers 
and provides resources to trafficking survivors. There are an estimated 21 million victims around the world today, including in all 50 States, being 
sold for sex and slave labor. 
Business is very good for some very 
bad people. Every year, sex trafficking yields well over $9 billion in illegal profits. But unlike guns and dope that can only be sold once, the human body can be sold over and over again, usu-ally until they die. This legislation starts to put a dent in those profits by levying fines on convicted traffickers and using the money to create the do-mestic trafficking victims fund. 
This is appropriate justice. Traf-
fickers are forced to pay for rehabilita-tive services for the girls, boys, men, women, and children whom they have victimized and profited from. 
But we have to capture these crimi-
nals first, and perpetrators too easily have slipped through the cracks. In fact, trafficking victims are commonly charged with prostitution, while their pimps and johns and traffickers are never held accountable for their ter-rible crimes. 
This bill will flip that equation by 
giving law enforcement tools to help victims, and new powers and resources to identify, arrest, and prosecute buy-ers and sellers of sex with minor chil-dren, pornography, slave labor, and other forms of sex and labor traf-ficking. This will clarify, once and for all, that traffickers and johns and pimps are the true criminals in sex trafficking because, make no mistake, prostitution is not, and never has been, what has often been called a victimless crime. 
Patronizing a trafficked individual is 
not a casual act of sex; it is a criminal act of rape. Stiffening penalties and levying fines on perpetrators of these terrible crimes can start to decrease demand and put the people who buy and sell children behind bars, pro-tecting other children from being hurt and destroyed—put them behind bars, where they belong. 
This bill also enables victims and 
survivors to get the help that they de-serve. Most trafficked individuals have multiple encounters with law enforce-ment while enslaved, but police are not sufficiently equipped to identify them. To that end, the bill also provides sup-port for law enforcement to better identify and serve trafficking victims. These are victims who need help, not culprits to lock up while their traf-fickers and pimps go free. 
We cannot afford to miss opportuni-
ties to recognize a trafficked victim when he or she walks into the police station or hospital or local clinic. And there must be protocols, such as those called for in this bill, in place to ensure their safety and not to treat them as the criminals. 
This bill provides a comprehensive 
approach to address these issues and to banish this horrific crime from the United States of America. I urge Con-gress to act right away so victims need wait no longer for justice and the crit-ical services and resources that they so desperately deserve. I urge complete 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:06 May 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18MY7.021 H18MYPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3280 May 18, 2015 
bipartisan support for this bill. It is 
long overdue, and it will give a better future for those who have survived the worst crime in the world. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentlewoman has expired. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. I yield the gen-
tlewoman an additional 15 seconds. 
Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New 
York. This bill is so critically impor-tant. Of all the bills that we have passed—and this body, in a bipartisan way, has passed a whole series of bills— this particular one has enforcement, it has prevention, and it has help for the survivors. 
I applaud everyone who worked on 
this important piece of legislation, and we can’t pass it fast enough. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I, 
too, would like to join the gentleman from Texas in thanking the gentle-woman from New York for her good work on this for a long time now, and to thank the ranking member of the Crime, Terrorism, Homeland Security, and Investigations Subcommittee, Ms. J
ACKSON LEE, for this bipartisan legis-
lation. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the 
gentlewoman from Missouri (Mrs. W AG-
NER), another champion in the fight 
against sex trafficking, particularly on the Internet. 
Mrs. WAGNER. I thank the chairman 
very much for his leadership on this issue and so many others. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support 
of S. 178, the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act, and all of the House- passed human trafficking legislation that was incorporated into this Senate bill. 
Mr. Speaker, today marks the cul-
mination of a long journey for myself and many Members in both Chambers who have worked on this important issue. This legislation represents a sig-nificant step forward in the Federal Government’s efforts to combat the scourge of modern-day slavery, known as human trafficking. This bill makes enormous progress in the fight against trafficking by providing resources to law enforcement officials and col-lecting fees from sex traffickers that go into a new fund for victims. 
It also includes my signature legisla-
tion, the SAVE Act, which make it il-legal to knowingly advertise the vic-tims of human trafficking, especially on the Internet. I thank my friends and colleagues, Senator M
ARK KIRK and 
DIANNE FEINSTEIN , for offering the 
SAVE Act as an amendment to this very important legislation. 
Beyond the multiple tools and re-
sources it gives to law enforcement and survivors, this legislation also serves an important symbolic purpose. This bill symbolizes the longstanding and steadfast commitment that Members of Congress have towards protecting the most vulnerable members of our so-ciety. 
No longer will the cruel exploitation 
of women and children be allowed to continue unchecked. No longer will sexual predators be allowed to torture, 
rape, and kill young Americans in the name of financial profit. Mr. Speaker, with this legislation, we are providing voice to the voiceless and advocating for those who cannot advocate for themselves. 
Mr. Speaker, I am so proud of all of 
the good, bipartisan work done by my colleagues here in Congress on this issue of human trafficking. Years of work by many of my colleagues, in-cluding Representatives P
OE, SMITH, 
NOEM, PAULSEN , BEATTY , MALONEY , and 
many, many others, Mr. Speaker, have laid the foundation for this long over-due action. 
I am grateful that many of my col-
leagues have held events in their home districts to raise awareness and edu-cate the public about human traf-ficking. Awareness, training, and edu-cation are the key to preventing this horrible crime from happening in the first place. Young people must be warned about the devious and manipu-lative strategies employed by traf-fickers to ensnare them in the trap of sexual slavery. 
The children at risk are not just 
school students. Pimps or traffickers are known to prey on victims as young as 9 years old. Traffickers may target minor victims through social media Web sites, afterschool programs, shop-ping malls and clubs, and through friends or acquaintances who recruit students on school campuses. 
One of the best ways to combat 
human trafficking is through edu-cation. Many States have successful programs that train school personnel about how to identify the victims. We should work with schools to develop policies and protocols and partnerships to address and prevent the exploitation of children. 
Partnership between public and pri-
vate sectors is the key to combating human trafficking. Many times, front-line employees in the transportation and hospitality industry are the ones best suited to identify trafficking vic-tims or their predators. Increased awareness and training will lead to more victims being identified, which is the critical step in breaking the cycle of exploitation and victimization. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge all my colleagues 
to support this legislation and all ef-forts to combat human trafficking, and I look forward to continuing this work in the House of Representatives, and this Congress as a whole, for years to come. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I 
reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. S
MITH), a great advo-
cate for human rights here in the House. 
Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. 
Speaker, I rise in strong support of S. 178, the Justice for Victims of Traf-ficking Act of 2015, a comprehensive bill authored by Senator C
ORNYN , with 
input from many. This extremely important legislation 
includes numerous bipartisan bills passed by the House earlier this year under the extraordinary leadership of Majority Leader K
EVIN MCCARTHY , 
Conference Chair C ATHY MCMORRIS  
RODGERS , and our own good chairman, 
BOBGOODLATTE . 
When enacted into law, S. 178 will 
provide powerful new tools in the struggle to abolish modern-day slav-ery, including a domestic trafficking victims fund designed to provide assist-ance to victims of human trafficking and grants to States and localities funded by a $5,000 penalty assessed on convicted offenders. 
The bill seeks to protect runaways 
from the horror of trafficking, strengthen the child welfare agency re-sponse, aid victims of child pornog-raphy, and criminalize advertisement for the commercial exploitation of children. 
Each year, Mr. Speaker, as you 
know, there are approximately 100,000 American children, mostly runaways, trafficked in the U.S. The average age of initial enslavement is 13. 
These children, when found, are often 
charged with prostitution, fined, or put in juvenile detention, where there are, or should be, other options available. These children, mostly young girls, need to be protected and cared for and treated with compassion and respect, not prosecution. The pending bill moves us towards this goal. 
Indeed, title VI authorizes DOJ to 
give preferential treatment in award-ing public safety and community-ori-ented police grants to an applicant from a State that treats a minor en-gaged in commercial sex as a victim. 
Title VII was inspired by a 
groundbreaking study conducted by Laura Lederer and funded by several foundations, including the Charlotte Lozier Institute, that found that ap-
proximately 88 percent of domestic trafficking victims ‘‘had contact with a health care provider while being traf-ficked, with the most common being a hospital’’ or a hospital emergency room, almost 64 percent. 
Situation awareness coupled with 
best practices will, without a doubt, help victims escape from this cruelty to freedom and protection. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of S. 
178—the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act of 2015—a comprehensive bill authored by Senator C
ORNYN , with input from many. 
This extremely important legislation includes 
numerous bipartisan bills passed by the House earlier this year under the extraordinary leadership of Majority Leader K
EVIN MCCAR-
THY, Conference Chair C ATHY MCMORRIS ROD-
GERS and Chairman G OODLATTE . 
When enacted into law, S. 178 will provide 
powerful new tools in the struggle to abolish modern day slavery including a Domestic Traf-ficking Victims Fund designed to provide as-sistance to victims of human trafficking and grants to states and localities funded by a $5,000 penalty assessed on convicted offend-ers. 
The bill seeks to protect runaways from the 
horror of human trafficking, strengthen the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:10 May 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K18MY7.032 H18MYPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3281 May 18, 2015 
child welfare agency response, aid victims of 
child pornography, criminalize advertisement for the commercial exploitation of children, and beefs up the Departments of Homeland Secu-rity, Defense and HHS’ anti-human trafficking activities. 
Each year there are approximately 100,000 
American children, mostly runaways, trafficked in the U.S. The average age of initial enslave-ment is 13 years old. 
These children, when found, are often 
charged for prostitution, fined or put in juvenile detention, when there are—or should be— other options available. These children, mostly young girls, need to be protected and cared for and treated with compassion and respect— not prosecuted. The pending bill moves us to-ward this goal. 
Indeed, Title VI authorizes DOJ to give pref-
erential treatment in awarding public safety and community oriented police grants to an applicant from a state that treats a minor en-gaged in commercial sex as a victim—be-cause that is what they are and that’s already federal law due to the TVPA of 2000. 
Title VII of S. 178 was inspired by a 
groundbreaking study conducted by Laura Lederer and funded by several foundations, in-cluding the Charlotte Lozier Institute, that found approximately 88 percent of domestic trafficking victims ‘‘had contact with a health care provider while being trafficked with the most common contact being a hospital/ER (63.3%).’’ 
Situation awareness coupled with best prac-
tices will without a doubt help victims escape to freedom and protection. 
So, in response, Title VII requires HRSA to 
award a competitive grant to an eligible entity to design and implement a pilot program uti-lizing evidence-based best practices to train health care professionals to recognize traf-ficking victims and respond effectively. 
Finally, Mr. Speaker, anti-human trafficking 
bills are often difficult to pass. When I first in-troduced the Trafficking Victims Protection Act, in 1998, the legislation was met with a wall of skepticism and opposition. People both inside of government and out thought the bold new legislation that included sheltering, asylum, and significant protections for the victims long jail sentences and asset confiscation for the traffickers, and tough sanctions for govern-ments that failed to meet minimum standards was merely a solution in search of a problem. 
So as the prime author of the landmark 
Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 as well as reauthorizations of that law in 2003 and 2005, I believe the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act will further prevent the horrific crime of human trafficking, protect and assist victims, and aid in the prosecution of those who exploit and abuse. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I 
reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, may 
I ask how much time is remaining on each side? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Virginia has 5
3⁄4minutes 
remaining. The gentlewoman from Texas has 9
1⁄4minutes remaining. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. P
AULSEN ), who has also 
contributed one of the pieces of legisla-tion included in this effort, and I thank the gentleman. Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I want 
to first thank the chairman and the ranking member for their leadership on combating this issue because today is a very important moment in the fight against modern-day slavery. 
For several years, members of both 
parties have been working diligently with law enforcement, with victims, with social service providers and policy experts to end the sale and victimiza-tion of innocent girls. This bill today is the culmination now of all the initia-tives previously passed in the House that will increase penalties for pimps and johns, that will enhance the Fed-eral Government’s response to traf-ficking, that will increase cooperation with governments overseas, and it will go after the Web sites that aid in the trafficking of minors. 
b1730 
I am pleased that this package also 
includes my legislation, the safe harbor legislation, that ensures that we will be treating minors who are trafficked as victims, rather than as criminals, and improve the services that they re-ceive. 
Mr. Speaker, the traffickers that we 
see today, they use every tool they can use to keep victims silent and under their control, whether it is by using threats, violence, drugs, or deception. 
And trafficking victims all share one 
thing in common: it is a loss of free-dom and a loss of the ability to speak out. Today we stand with these victims to bring them out of the shadows and say, enough is enough, because our girls are not for sale. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. I yield myself 
such time as I may consume. 
I thank the Members who have spo-
ken and highlighted a number of points that I want to reinforce. 
I want to reinforce what my good 
friend from New York (Mrs. C
AROLYN  
B. M ALONEY ) and the gentleman from 
Texas (Mr. P OE) have said: that we are 
now looking the pimps and the johns straight in the eye and really focusing on demand. But connected to demand are those lives, those lives that we want to restore and give them a new opportunity in life. We want them to not be bruised. We want them to have the ability to restore their lives as young as under 10, 11, or 12, teenagers or young women. 
This particular legislation, which I 
want to highlight, promotes rehabilita-tion by encouraging the development of specialized court programs for vic-tims of child human trafficking. 
As the chair of the Children’s Caucus, 
I realize how vulnerable our children are all over the world. And what I am most interested in is the outpatient treatment, life skills training, housing placement, vocational training, edu-cation, family support services, and job placement. 
When you find a homeless teen or one 
who has been victimized, they are empty. They are without any sub-stance to know that they have some-thing of quality to save and to mold 
and to build. The rehabilitation part of this particular legislation—and I do want to acknowledge the gentleman from Texas, Senator C
ORNYN —is a very, 
very important part of this legislation. 
With that, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, at 
this time, it is my pleasure to yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
ABIN). 
Mr. BABIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise in 
strong support of the legislation before us to combat human trafficking. 
Not only would I like to thank the 
gentleman from Virginia, Chairman G
OODLATTE , and his committee, but I 
would also especially like to thank our senior Senator from the State of Texas, Mr. C
ORNYN , for his leadership in get-
ting this important legislation through the Senate. 
This bipartisan bill will strengthen 
our laws against human trafficking, train law enforcement to better target criminals engaged in trafficking, and ensure that the victims of human traf-ficking are cared for with compassion. 
These victims are taken from their 
homes, enslaved, treated as objects. Human trafficking is a terrible, hei-nous crime, and its victims are usually voiceless. Today we are their voice, and we are taking action on their behalf. 
This legislation provides resources 
and services that help victims to be identified, rescued, and, most impor-tantly, to begin to heal from these traumatic events. S. 178 takes steps that would serve as a model for other nations to follow in combating the in-humane crime of human trafficking. 
We must do all that we can to restore 
dignity to its victims and bring justice to its perpetrators, and I urge all of my colleagues to join me in supporting this important legislation. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I 
have the privilege of now yielding 4 minutes to the distinguished gentle-woman from Ohio (Mrs. B
EATTY ), the 
author of H.R. 246 that protects chil-dren from being criminalized, which is included in this bill, and I thank her for her work. 
Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today in strong support of the bipar-tisan Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act, S. 178. 
But first I would like to thank both 
Chairman G
OODLATTE of Virginia and 
Ranking Member C ONYERS of Michigan 
of the Judiciary Committee for bring-ing this important bill to the floor for consideration. I also would like to thank the gentlewoman from Texas, Congresswoman S
HEILA JACKSON LEE, 
for her leadership and for managing the bill today for the Democrats, and a spe-cial thank you to the original sponsors. 
This comprehensive legislation is a 
major milestone in our efforts to crack down on sex trafficking and to help protect vulnerable children across America. 
One of my top priorities in the 114th 
Congress was to pass my trafficking 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:06 May 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18MY7.015 H18MYPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3282 May 18, 2015 
bill, H.R. 246, and today’s bill includes 
it and nine other bipartisan House bills aimed at combating the scourge of human trafficking. 
I thank Senate Judiciary Committee 
Chairman G
RASSLEY of Iowa for offer-
ing the language of my bill as an amendment during the markup of S. 178 to ensure its inclusion in this legis-lation. 
Mr. Speaker, on March 2, 2015, I sat 
through the Senate Judiciary Com-mittee markup to witness and hear the committee’s discussion and vote. Today I am proud to stand on this House floor with colleagues on both sides of the aisle, advocating for this legislation that will provide child sex trafficking victims with greater res-titution, justice, and resources. 
Mr. Speaker, human trafficking is 
one of the fastest-growing crimes in the world. We have heard that, and it is worth repeating. 
In fact, according to the United 
States State Department, human traf-ficking is the world’s second-largest criminal enterprise after the illegal drug trade. 
As we know, it is not just happening 
in faraway lands. It happens in our own backyards. 
I am proud to have participated and 
led discussions on preventing child sex trafficking in my district. Last year, I joined a bipartisan roundtable discus-sion to hear firsthand stories and chal-lenges from once child victim Theresa Flores, who is now a national spokes-person and best-selling author of ‘‘The Slave Across the Street.’’ 
In the United States, some 300,000 
children are at risk each year for com-mercial sexual exploitation. In my home State of Ohio, each year, an esti-mated 1,100 Ohio children become vic-tims of human trafficking, and over 3,000 more are at risk. 
The average age of trafficked victims 
in the United States is between 12 and 13 years of age. At this early age, Mr. Speaker, children should be in middle school, making new friends, playing sports, enjoying afterschool programs, or just being children. 
Mr. Speaker, these children deserve 
better, and today’s legislation is a much-needed step in that right direc-tion. 
We know that no single system can 
successfully combat trafficking. Pre-venting, identifying, and serving vic-tims of trafficking requires a multi-coordinated approach across all levels of government as well as input and as-sistance from nongovernmental enti-ties and the American people. 
My provision in this bill will update 
Federal law to include the term ‘‘child sex trafficking’’ to reinforce that chil-dren who are trafficked should not be criminalized as prostitutes; instead, treated as victims. We need to ensure people understand that if they report an instance of child sex trafficking, law enforcement is not going to pursue the child and prosecute them as a criminal. They are victims. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentlewoman has expired. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. I yield the gen-
tlewoman an additional 15 seconds. 
Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, let me 
end by asking and encouraging all peo-ple, when they see something, say something. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues 
today to support this legislation so we may send it to the President’s desk for signature, finally bringing justice to the tens of thousands of human traf-ficking victims. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, may 
I inquire how much time remains on each side? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Virginia has 3
1⁄4minutes 
remaining. The gentlewoman from Texas has 3
1⁄2minutes remaining. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I re-
serve the balance of my time. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, so 
many important points have been made, and I would just like to quickly summarize by adding my appreciation, again, to the sponsors and to the speakers today, Congresswoman M
ALO-
NEY and Congresswoman B EATTY , and, 
of course, the speakers of our friends on the other side of the aisle. 
I want to emphasize something that I 
think should pierce our hearts, which is that children should be protected. 
There are several elements that I think are important to make mention of re-garding these children being protected. 
One, I would like to acknowledge the 
responsibilities of the Attorney Gen-eral to create a system to monitor the issuance and enforcement of manda-tory restitution. Remember, these chil-dren have been victimized over the years and really have been thrown to foster care or other agencies where moneys were not available. These res-titution orders will compensate vic-tims not only of human trafficking but also related immigration and child por-nography cases. The establishment of a domestic victims fund will also im-prove the conditions for our children. 
We worked on a cybersecurity bill, an 
important part of this bill that estab-lishes a national cyber crimes center to manage and provide data essential for this effort. It authorizes the U.S. Mar-shals Service to provide assistance to State, local, and other Federal law en-forcement agencies. It has placed the U.S. Marshals in a very effective man-ner. 
Let me note the fact that there are 
mandatory minimums. In a very small way in this bill, we will be looking at sentencing reformation and reform in the following months. 
What I would say is that our children 
are enormously important. This is a very important bill. And I think it is very important that we move this leg-islation and view it as an embracing of our children and protecting of our women, standing as a country against the violence of sex trafficking and child trafficking. 
Might I also say that this bill encour-
ages and forces training for our law en-forcement, something that we view as 
very important as we are going for-ward, to investigate human trafficking as well as training for those essential to our criminal justice system. 
I might, as I close, indicate that we 
have finally come full circle to be able to stand again on the floor of the House and acknowledge that if you en-gage in these activities, we will find you wherever you are, and we will pros-ecute you. And the idea that you can hide as a pimp or a john is no more, and the idea that children are left to their own devices after they have been victimized is no more. 
We look to reunite families, to 
strengthen families, to provide for these children, and, as my colleague has just said, not to criminalize the children but, tragically, first to restore the victims’ lives. 
I ask my colleagues to support the 
Senate bill, the underlying bill, the bill on the floor of the House. I thank the members of the Judiciary Committee of the Senate, the members of the Judi-ciary Committee here in the House, both the chairman and ranking mem-ber, and the members of our committee as we work through this process, and all the Members who put forward out-standing initiatives that are now a part of this legislation. 
Mr. Speaker, human trafficking is a scourge 
that greatly impacts on my home district in Houston, Texas. Houston currently ranks #1 among U.S. cities with the most victims of human trafficking. Twenty-five percent of all human trafficking victims are in my home state of Texas. Currently, thirty percent of all human trafficking tips to the National Rescue Hotline come from Texas. 
Obviously, Houston does not shoulder this 
threat alone. Human trafficking impacts our whole nation. The National Center for Missing and Exploited Children estimates that one of every seven endangered runaways reported to the Center are likely victims of minor sex traf-ficking, and that at least 100,000 American children are the victims of sex trafficking each year. 
It is our duty to rescue these children, shel-
ter them, and help them recover from the trau-ma that has been inflicted upon them. It is also our duty to prevent these crimes before they happen and to provide law enforcement 
with the tools they need to combat human traf-fickers. 
This bill will be a significant weapon in the 
war against sex trafficking, which unfortunately is the fastest growing business of organized crime in the United States, generating an esti-mated $9 billion annually. 
Although not perfect, S. 178 is a com-
prehensive bill that includes a variety of meas-ures intended to strike at the problem of child sex trafficking through prevention, law enforce-ment, and rehabilitation services for victims. 
This bill addresses the demand for this busi-
ness by adding criminal prohibitions for those who solicit and advertize human trafficking. Law enforcement officials across the U.S. have identified online sex ads as the number one platform for the buying and selling of sex with children and young women. 
The legislation provides the tools to rebuild 
the lives of those exploited by this business. It specifically addresses the needs of thousands 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:06 May 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K18MY7.035 H18MYPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3283 May 18, 2015 
of homeless children, many who have fled 
physically and sexually abusive homes, only to be victimized again by sex traffickers. 
The bill promotes rehabilitation by encour-
aging the development of specialized court programs for victims of child human trafficking. These court programs will provide: outpatient treatment, life skills training, housing place-ment, vocational training, education, family support services, and job placement. 
These programs will largely respond to the 
practical needs of those victimized by human trafficking. It is our duty to provide the tools to reclaim these stolen lives. 
The bill goes further by encouraging through 
grant programs to the States that establish safe harbors for children who have been vic-tims of sex trafficking. These safe harbors play a critical role in preventing youth, forced into the sex trade, from being re- victimized and stigmatized a second time by the criminal jus-tice system. 
Mr. Speaker, with this bill we are stating 
clearly: these children are not criminals. They are victims of one of the most heinous types of crime, and they deserve to be rescued and treated so that they may have the opportunity of overcoming their horrendous traumas. 
The bill also allows victims of sex trafficking 
with related criminal charges to be eligible for acceptance in Job Corps program, an impor-tant process for reintegration into society. 
Victims of sex trafficking deserve and need 
restitution for rehabilitation. This bill requires the Attorney General to create a system to monitor the issuance and enforcement of man-datory restitution orders. These restitution or-ders will compensate victims not only of human trafficking, but also related immigration and child pornography cases. 
The establishment of a Domestic Trafficking 
Victims Fund will also improve services to chil-dren who have been rescued, in the form of long-term rehabilitative services, relief that is long overdue. 
The requirement to monitor enforcement of 
restitution orders will in turn provide a strong basis for determining the next steps necessary to ensure that victims are justly compensated for the traumas inflicted on them by their traf-fickers. 
The necessary reporting must also identify 
current gaps in research and data. This infor-mation will be helpful in formulating effective strategies in deterring children from becoming victims of trafficking. It requires the Govern-ment Accountability Office to report on both federal and state enforcement efforts to com-bat human trafficking and the commercial sex-ual exploitation of children. 
The bill provides significant support for law 
enforcement officers to identify and rescue the victims of human trafficking. The bill estab-lishes a National Cyber Crimes Center to manage and provide data essential for this ef-fort. It authorizes the U.S. Marshals Service to provide assistance to state, local, and other federal law enforcement agencies in locating and recovering missing children when re-quested to do so by those agencies. 
Given the Marshals Service’s well-estab-
lished history, reputation, and success in lo-cating missing persons and fugitives, this re-quirement makes perfect sense. 
We must not underestimate the task ahead 
for law enforcement to effectively combat human trafficking. In my home state, it is well known to both state and federal officials that Mexican cartels facilitate, control, and benefit 
from nearly all human smuggling activity along the Texas-Mexico border. As I’ve already mentioned, domestic human trafficking is a nine billion-dollar business. 
This legislation provides law enforcement 
with the tools to prosecute these crimes and to rebuild the lives of those exploited by this business 
S. 178 gives block grants to states to assist 
law enforcement with the expenses of wire-taps, the use of experts, and essential travel. 
The legislation requires better coordination 
between law enforcement and a variety of other entities, including: child advocacy cen-ters, social service agencies, state govern-mental health service agencies, housing agen-cies, and legal services agencies. 
When it comes to recovering and rehabili-
tating our missing children, we must utilize every available resource. 
Several provisions in this bill encourage and 
foster training for law enforcement to inves-tigate human trafficking as well as for training for those essential to our criminal justice sys-tem, such as physical and mental health care providers, federal prosecutors, and judges. 
S. 178 empowers women who have been 
the victims of rape by providing incentives to states to pass laws allowing termination of pa-rental rights of rapists. 
In addition, the bill seeks to hinder demand 
by prosecuting not just the trafficker, but also—for the first time—those who patronize and solicit children for illicit sexual acts. With-out the consumers of the human sex traf-ficking, there would be no victims. 
And, S. 178 would criminalize the act of 
using the Internet to advertise human traf-ficking. While the Internet has enriched out lives significantly, it has also provided traf-fickers with a ready tool used to further the heinous trafficking of minors for sex. 
Finally, the bill will help to foster better col-
laboration among federal, state, and local law enforcement in the fight against sex trafficking. Specifically, S. 178 directs that a task force be established within the Violent Crimes Against Children Program to facilitate such coordina-tion. 
This bill attacks the scourge of human traf-
ficking by undercutting demand, providing law enforcement with the tools they need for inter-vention, and by providing rehabilitation and re-covery for the victims of human trafficking. 
I had hoped that before S. 178 was pre-
sented to the President, it would not contain provisions that extend the use of mandatory minimum sentences. Frankly, I am surprised that the final bill includes additional mandatory minimum sentencing provisions. Mandatory minimums have led to mass incarceration and a one- size-fits-all philosophy in sentencing that we should reject. But the overall value of the bill in protecting child sex victims and adult and child trafficking and sex victims is crucial. I support the vital purpose of this bill. On bal-ance however, the many other positive provi-sions this legislation provides to combat human trafficking counsels in favor of its pas-sage. Nevertheless, we must be vigilant in monitoring the execution of this bill after it be-comes law, and effectuate modifications if necessary. The health and welfare of so many of our young people depend on it. The U.S. Department of Justice estimates that 300,000 children in this country are at risk of being traf-ficked. Mr. Speaker, it is for these innocent children 
that I strongly encourage support for this legis-lation. 
With that, I ask for Members’ sup-
port on this legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, it is 
my pleasure to yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from South Dakota (Mrs. N
OEM) who has 
also contributed a major piece of the legislation before the House today. 
Mrs. NOEM. I thank the chairman for 
yielding. 
Mr. Speaker, human trafficking is an 
issue that I believe many people see as far removed from them and their fami-lies, but the reality is that it is hap-pening all around us: in our schools, near our homes, on Web sites that our kids visit and frequent. 
My words are not intended to alarm 
people today but to bring into perspec-tive that it isn’t just happening over-seas or in communities far away from our homes. It is happening across this country, even in my home State of South Dakota. 
In my State, there are three main 
ways that people are trafficked, ac-cording to Kimberly LaPlante, who works at an organization called Call to Freedom in Sioux Falls. One, traf-ficking victims are brought from big-ger cities or from our Native American reservations and sent to the North Da-kota oil fields. Two, they are sold at large events, like the annual Sturgis Motorcycle Rally. Or three, it is home-grown trafficking, meaning this de-
mand originates in my State, and that, by the way, is the most common prob-lem across this country. 
In 2013, the South Dakota Attorney 
General’s Office held a 6-day under-cover operation at the Sturgis Motor-cycle Rally in western South Dakota. They put up an online ad and, over the 6 days, received more than 180 re-sponses. 
Local law enforcement did the same 
thing in a community not far from my home. Over the course of 2 days, they received 110 responses. 
This form of slavery is happening al-
most every single day, and it is time we do something about it. This bill is our opportunity to do something about it. It is an opportunity for both Cham-bers of Congress to stand together and support legislation that protects our children and our communities. 
One of the components of this legisla-
tion is a provision that I wrote to help combat many of the problems that we are facing in South Dakota but also other places in the country. 
b1745 
Today there are only about 200 beds 
for underage victims in the United States. The language that I wrote in-cluded in this bill ensures that shelters can get access to more resources to build safe housing for those trying to escape and recover from trafficking. 
There is also a severe lack of infor-
mation about trafficking and its vic-tims. To help prevent it and to inter-vene when it does occur, my language 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:06 May 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18MY7.022 H18MYPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3284 May 18, 2015 
aims to make sure that the informa-
tion on the state of trafficking in this country is analyzed and used to decide how those Federal resources should be used to combat it. 
Mr. Speaker, I am so proud to see 
this package coming to the floor today. I urge the President to sign it quickly so that we can all join hands and act to prevent this human trafficking from continuing across our country and pro-tect as many children and help them heal as we possibly can. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield back the balance of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ) that the House suspend 
the rules and pass the bill, S. 178. 
The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the 
opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, on 
that I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
COAST GUARD AUTHORIZATION 
ACT OF 2015 
Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. Mr. 
Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1987) to author-ize appropriations for the Coast Guard for fiscal years 2016 and 2017, and for other purposes, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1987 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Coast Guard 
Authorization Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
The table of contents for this Act is as fol-
lows: 
Sec. 1. Short title. 
Sec. 2. Table of contents. 
TITLE I—AUTHORIZATIONS 
Sec. 101. Authorizations. 
Sec. 102. Conforming amendments. 
TITLE II—COAST GUARD 
Sec. 201. Vice Commandant. 
Sec. 202. Vice admirals. Sec. 203. Coast Guard remission of indebted-
ness. 
Sec. 204. Acquisition reform. Sec. 205. Auxiliary jurisdiction. Sec. 206. Long-term major acquisitions plan. Sec. 207. Coast Guard communities. Sec. 208. ‘‘Polar Sea’’ materiel condition as-
sessment and service life exten-sion decision. 
Sec. 209. Repeal. Sec. 210. Technical corrections to title 14. Sec. 211. Digital boat profile pilot program. Sec. 212. Discontinuance of an aid to naviga-
tion. 
Sec. 213. Mission performance measures. Sec. 214. Communications. Sec. 215. Coast Guard graduate maritime op-
erations education. 
TITLE III—SHIPPING AND NAVIGATION 
Sec. 301. Treatment of fishing permits. Sec. 302. Survival craft. 
Sec. 303. Enforcement. Sec. 304. Model years for recreational ves-
sels. 
Sec. 305. Merchant mariner credential expi-
ration harmonization. 
Sec. 306. Marine event safety zones. Sec. 307. Technical corrections. Sec. 308. Recommendations for improve-
ments of marine casualty re-porting. 
Sec. 309. Recreational vessel engine weights. Sec. 310. Merchant mariner medical certifi-
cation reform. 
Sec. 311. Atlantic Coast port access route 
study. 
Sec. 312. Certificates of documentation for 
recreational vessels. 
Sec. 313. Program guidelines. Sec. 314. Repeals. 
TITLE IV—FEDERAL MARITIME 
COMMISSION 
Sec. 401. Authorization of appropriations. 
Sec. 402. Duties of the Chairman. Sec. 403. Prohibition on awards. 
TITLE V—MISCELLANEOUS 
Sec. 501. Conveyance of Coast Guard prop-
erty in Marin County, Cali-fornia. 
Sec. 502. Elimination of reports. Sec. 503. Vessel documentation. Sec. 504. Conveyance of Coast Guard prop-
erty in Tok, Alaska. 
Sec. 505. Safe vessel operation in the Great 
Lakes. 
Sec. 506. Use of vessel sale proceeds. Sec. 507. Fishing vessel and fish tender ves-
sel certification. 
Sec. 508. National Academy of Sciences cost 
comparison. 
Sec. 509. Penalty wages. Sec. 510. Recourse for noncitizens. 
TITLE I—AUTHORIZATIONS 
SEC. 101. AUTHORIZATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title 14, United States 
Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘PART III—COAST GUARD AUTHORIZA-
TIONS AND REPORTS TO CONGRESS 
‘‘Chap. Sec. 
‘‘27. Authorizations ............................ 2701 
‘‘29. Reports ....................................... 2901. 
‘‘CHAPTER 27—AUTHORIZATIONS 
‘‘Sec. 
‘‘2702. Authorization of appropriations. ‘‘2704. Authorized levels of military strength 
and training. 
‘‘§ 2702. Authorization of appropriations 
‘‘Funds are authorized to be appropriated 
for each of fiscal years 2016 and 2017 for nec-essary expenses of the Coast Guard as fol-lows: 
‘‘(1) For the operation and maintenance of 
the Coast Guard, not otherwise provided for— 
‘‘(A) $6,981,036,000 for fiscal year 2016; and ‘‘(B) $6,981,036,000 for fiscal year 2017. ‘‘(2) For the acquisition, construction, ren-
ovation, and improvement of aids to naviga-tion, shore facilities, vessels, and aircraft, including equipment related thereto, and for maintenance, rehabilitation, lease, and oper-ation of facilities and equipment— 
‘‘(A) $1,546,448,000 for fiscal year 2016; and ‘‘(B) $1,546,448,000 for fiscal year 2017. ‘‘(3) For the Coast Guard Reserve program, 
including operations and maintenance of the program, personnel and training costs, equipment, and services— 
‘‘(A) $140,016,000 for fiscal year 2016; and ‘‘(B) $140,016,000 for fiscal year 2017. ‘‘(4) For the environmental compliance and 
restoration functions of the Coast Guard under chapter 19 of this title— 
‘‘(A) $16,701,000 for fiscal year 2016; and ‘‘(B) $16,701,000 for fiscal year 2017. 
‘‘(5) To the Commandant of the Coast 
Guard for research, development, test, and evaluation of technologies, materials, and human factors directly related to improving the performance of the Coast Guard’s mis-sion with respect to search and rescue, aids to navigation, marine safety, marine envi-ronmental protection, enforcement of laws and treaties, ice operations, oceanographic research, and defense readiness, and for maintenance, rehabilitation, lease, and oper-ation of facilities and equipment— 
‘‘(A) $19,890,000 for fiscal year 2016; and ‘‘(B) $19,890,000 for fiscal year 2017. 
‘‘§ 2704. Authorized levels of military strength 
and training 
‘‘(a) A
CTIVE DUTY STRENGTH .—The Coast 
Guard is authorized an end-of-year strength for active duty personnel of 43,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 and 2017. 
‘‘(b) M
ILITARY TRAINING STUDENT LOADS .— 
The Coast Guard is authorized average mili-tary training student loads for each of fiscal years 2016 and 2017 as follows: 
‘‘(1) For recruit and special training, 2,500 
student years. 
‘‘(2) For flight training, 165 student years. ‘‘(3) For professional training in military 
and civilian institutions, 350 student years. 
‘‘(4) For officer acquisition, 1,200 student 
years. 
‘‘CHAPTER 29—REPORTS 
‘‘Sec. 
‘‘2904. Manpower requirements plan. 
‘‘§ 2904. Manpower requirements plan 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—On the date on which 
the President submits to Congress a budget for fiscal year 2017 under section 1105 of title 31, on the date on which the President sub-mits to Congress a budget for fiscal year 2019 under such section, and every 4 years there-after, the Commandant shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a man-power requirements plan. 
‘‘(b) S
COPE.—A manpower requirements 
plan submitted under subsection (a) shall in-clude for each mission of the Coast Guard— 
‘‘(1) an assessment of all projected mission 
requirements for the upcoming fiscal year and for each of the 3 fiscal years thereafter; 
‘‘(2) the number of active duty, reserve, 
and civilian personnel assigned or available to fulfill such mission requirements— 
‘‘(A) currently; and ‘‘(B) as projected for the upcoming fiscal 
year and each of the 3 fiscal years thereafter; 
‘‘(3) the number of active duty, reserve, 
and civilian personnel required to fulfill such mission requirements— 
‘‘(A) currently; and ‘‘(B) as projected for the upcoming fiscal 
year and each of the 3 fiscal years thereafter; 
‘‘(4) an identification of any capability 
gaps between mission requirements and mis-sion performance caused by deficiencies in the numbers of personnel available— 
‘‘(A) currently; and ‘‘(B) as projected for the upcoming fiscal 
year and each of the 3 fiscal years thereafter; and 
‘‘(5) an identification of the actions the 
Commandant will take to address capability gaps identified under paragraph (4). 
‘‘(c) C
ONSIDERATION .—In composing a man-
power requirements plan for submission 
under subsection (a), the Commandant shall consider— 
‘‘(1) the marine safety strategy required 
under section 2116 of title 46; 
‘‘(2) information on the adequacy of the ac-
quisition workforce included in the most re-cent report under section 2903 of this title; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:10 May 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18MY7.038 H18MYPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3285 May 18, 2015 
‘‘(3) any other Federal strategic planning 
effort the Commandant considers appro-priate.’’. 
(b) R
EQUIREMENT FOR PRIOR AUTHORIZATION  
OFAPPROPRIATIONS .—Section 662 of title 14, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) by redesignating such section as section 
2701; 
(2) by transferring such section to appear 
before section 2702 of such title (as added by 
subsection (a) of this section); and 
(3) by striking paragraphs (1) through (5) 
and inserting the following: 
‘‘(1) For the operation and maintenance of 
the Coast Guard, not otherwise provided for. 
‘‘(2) For the acquisition, construction, ren-
ovation, and improvement of aids to naviga-tion, shore facilities, vessels, and aircraft, including equipment related thereto, and for maintenance, rehabilitation, lease, and oper-ation of facilities and equipment. 
‘‘(3) For the Coast Guard Reserve program, 
including operations and maintenance of the program, personnel and training costs, equipment, and services. 
‘‘(4) For the environmental compliance and 
restoration functions of the Coast Guard under chapter 19 of this title. 
‘‘(5) For research, development, test, and 
evaluation of technologies, materials, and human factors directly related to improving the performance of the Coast Guard. 
‘‘(6) For alteration or removal of bridges 
over navigable waters of the United States constituting obstructions to navigation, and for personnel and administrative costs asso-ciated with the Alteration of Bridges Pro-gram.’’. 
(c) A
UTHORIZATION OF PERSONNEL END 
STRENGTHS .—Section 661 of title 14, United 
States Code, is amended— 
(1) by redesignating such section as section 
2703; and 
(2) by transferring such section to appear 
before section 2704 of such title (as added by subsection (a) of this section). 
(d) R
EPORTS .— 
(1) T RANSMISSION OF ANNUAL COAST GUARD  
AUTHORIZATION REQUEST .—Section 662a of 
title 14, United States Code, is amended— 
(A) by redesignating such section as sec-
tion 2901; 
(B) by transferring such section to appear 
before section 2904 of such title (as added by subsection (a) of this section); and 
(C) in subsection (b)— (i) in paragraph (1) by striking ‘‘described 
in section 661’’ and inserting ‘‘described in section 2703’’; and 
(ii) in paragraph (2) by striking ‘‘described 
in section 662’’ and inserting ‘‘described in section 2701’’. 
(2) C
APITAL INVESTMENT PLAN .—Section 663 
of title 14, United States Code, is amended— 
(A) by redesignating such section as sec-
tion 2902; and 
(B) by transferring such section to appear 
after section 2901 of such title (as so redesig-nated and transferred by paragraph (1) of this subsection). 
(3) M
AJOR ACQUISITIONS .—Section 569a of 
title 14, United States Code, is amended— 
(A) by redesignating such section as sec-
tion 2903; 
(B) by transferring such section to appear 
after section 2902 of such title (as so redesig-nated and transferred by paragraph (2) of this subsection); and 
(C) in subsection (c)(2) by striking ‘‘of this 
subchapter’’. 
(e) I
CEBREAKING ON THE GREAT LAKES .—For 
fiscal years 2016 and 2017, the Commandant of the Coast Guard may use funds made available pursuant to section 2702(2) of title 14, United States Code (as added by sub-section (a) of this section) for the selection of a design for and the construction of an icebreaker that is capable of buoy tending to enhance icebreaking capacity on the Great 
Lakes. 
(f) A
DDITIONAL SUBMISSIONS .—The Com-
mandant of the Coast Guard shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives— 
(1) each plan required under section 2904 of 
title 14, United States Code, as added by sub-section (a) of this section; 
(2) each plan required under section 2903(e) 
of title 14, United States Code, as added by section 206 of this Act; 
(3) each plan required under section 2902 of 
title 14, United States Code, as redesignated by subsection (d) of this section; and 
(4) each mission need statement required 
under section 569 of title 14, United States Code. 
SEC. 102. CONFORMING AMENDMENTS. 
(a) A NALYSIS FOR TITLE 14.—The analysis 
for title 14, United States Code, is amended by adding after the item relating to part II the following: 
‘‘III. Coast Guard Authorizations and 
Reports to Congress ..................... 2701’’ . 
(b) A
NALYSIS FOR CHAPTER 15.—The anal-
ysis for chapter 15 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking the item relat-ing to section 569a. 
(c) A
NALYSIS FOR CHAPTER 17.—The anal-
ysis for chapter 17 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking the items relat-ing to sections 661, 662, 662a, and 663. 
(d) A
NALYSIS FOR CHAPTER 27.—The anal-
ysis for chapter 27 of title 14, United States Code, as added by section 101(a) of this Act, is amended by inserting— 
(1) before the item relating to section 2702 
the following: 
‘‘2701. Requirement for prior authorization of 
appropriations.’’; 
and 
(2) before the item relating to section 2704 
the following: 
‘‘2703. Authorization of personnel end 
strengths.’’. 
(e) A
NALYSIS FOR CHAPTER 29.—The anal-
ysis for chapter 29 of title 14, United States Code, as added by section 101(a) of this Act, is amended by inserting before the item re-lating to section 2904 the following: 
‘‘2901. Transmission of annual Coast Guard 
authorization request. 
‘‘2902. Capital investment plan. ‘‘2903. Major acquisitions.’’. 
(f) M
ISSION NEED STATEMENT .—Section 
569(b) of title 14, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (2) by striking ‘‘in section 
569a(e)’’ and inserting ‘‘in section 2903’’; and 
(2) in paragraph (3) by striking ‘‘under sec-
tion 663(a)(1)’’ and inserting ‘‘under section 2902(a)(1)’’. 
TITLE II—COAST GUARD 
SEC. 201. VICE COMMANDANT. 
(a) G RADES AND RATINGS .—Section 41 of 
title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘an admiral,’’ and inserting ‘‘admi-rals (two);’’. 
(b) V
ICECOMMANDANT ; APPOINTMENT .—Sec-
tion 47 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘vice admiral’’ and in-serting ‘‘admiral’’. 
(c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 51 of 
title 14, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a) by inserting ‘‘admiral 
or’’ before ‘‘vice admiral,’’; 
(2) in subsection (b) by inserting ‘‘admiral 
or’’ before ‘‘vice admiral,’’ each place it ap-pears; and 
(3) in subsection (c) by inserting ‘‘admiral 
or’’ before ‘‘vice admiral,’’. 
(d) A
PPLICATION .—Notwithstanding any 
other provision of law, the officer who, on the date of the enactment of this Act, is serving as Vice Commandant of the Coast Guard— (1) shall have the grade of admiral, with 
the pay and allowances of that grade; and 
(2) shall not be required to be reappointed 
by reason of the enactment of this Act, in-cluding the amendments made by this Act. 
SEC. 202. VICE ADMIRALS. 
Section 50 of title 14, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)— (A) by striking paragraph (1) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(1) The President may— 
‘‘(A) designate, within the Coast Guard, no 
more than 5 positions of importance and re-sponsibility that shall be held by officers who, while so serving, shall have the grade of vice admiral, with the pay and allowances of that grade, and shall perform such duties as the Commandant may prescribe (if the Presi-dent designates 5 such positions, 1 position shall be a Chief of Staff); and 
‘‘(B) designate, within the executive 
branch, other than within the Coast Guard or the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, positions of importance and responsibility that shall be held by officers who, while so serving, shall have the grade of vice admiral, with the pay and allowances of that grade.’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (3)(A) by striking ‘‘under 
paragraph (1)’’ and inserting ‘‘under para-graph (1)(A)’’; and 
(2) in subsection (b)(2)— (A) in subparagraph (B) by striking ‘‘and’’ 
at the end; 
(B) by redesignating subparagraph (C) as 
subparagraph (D); and 
(C) by inserting after subparagraph (B) the 
following: 
‘‘(C) at the discretion of the Secretary, 
while awaiting orders after being relieved from the position, beginning on the day the officer is relieved from the position, but not for more than 60 days; and’’. 
SEC. 203. COAST GUARD REMISSION OF INDEBT-
EDNESS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 461 of title 14, 
United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘§ 461. Remission of indebtedness 
‘‘The Secretary may have remitted or can-
celled any part of a person’s indebtedness to the United States or any instrumentality of the United States if— 
‘‘(1) the indebtedness was incurred while 
the person served on active duty as a mem-ber of the Coast Guard; and 
‘‘(2) the Secretary determines that remit-
ting or cancelling the indebtedness is in the best interest of the United States.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis 
for chapter 13 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking the item relating to section 461 and inserting the following: 
‘‘461. Remission of indebtedness.’’. 
SEC. 204. ACQUISITION REFORM. 
(a) M INIMUM PERFORMANCE STANDARDS .— 
Section 572(d)(3) of title 14, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) by redesignating subparagraphs (C) 
through (H) as subparagraphs (E) through (J), respectively; 
(2) by redesignating subparagraph (B) as 
subparagraph (C); 
(3) by inserting after subparagraph (A) the 
following: 
‘‘(B) the performance data to be used to de-
termine whether the key performance pa-rameters have been resolved;’’; and 
(4) by inserting after subparagraph (C), as 
redesignated by paragraph (2) of this sub-section, the following: 
‘‘(D) the results during test and evaluation 
that will be required to demonstrate that a capability, asset, or subsystem meets per-formance requirements;’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:10 May 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18MY7.029 H18MYPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3286 May 18, 2015 
(b) C APITAL INVESTMENT PLAN.—Section 
2902(a)(1) of title 14, United States Code, as redesignated and otherwise amended by this Act, is further amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (B) by striking ‘‘com-
pletion;’’ and inserting ‘‘completion based on the proposed appropriations included in the budget;’’; and 
(2) in subparagraph (D) by striking ‘‘at the 
projected funding levels;’’ and inserting ‘‘based on the proposed appropriations in-cluded in the budget;’’. 
(c) D
AYSAWAYFROMHOMEPORT .—Not later 
than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commandant of the Coast Guard shall— 
(1) implement a standard for tracking oper-
ational days at sea for Coast Guard cutters that does not include days during which such cutters are undergoing maintenance or re-pair; and 
(2) notify the Committee on Transpor-
tation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate of the standard implemented under paragraph (1). 
(d) F
IXED WINGAIRCRAFT FLEET MIXANAL-
YSIS.—Not later than September 30, 2015, the 
Commandant of the Coast Guard shall sub-mit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a revised fleet mix analysis of Coast Guard fixed wing aircraft. 
SEC. 205. AUXILIARY JURISDICTION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 822 of title 14, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘The purpose’’ and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The purpose’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(b) L IMITATION .—The Auxiliary may con-
duct a patrol of a waterway, or a portion thereof, only if— 
‘‘(1) the Commandant has determined such 
waterway, or portion thereof, is navigable for purposes of the jurisdiction of the Coast Guard; or 
‘‘(2) a State or other proper authority has 
requested such patrol pursuant to section 141 of this title or section 13109 of title 46.’’. 
(b) N
OTIFICATION .—The Commandant of the 
Coast Guard shall— 
(1) review the waterways patrolled by the 
Coast Guard Auxiliary in the most recently completed fiscal year to determine whether such waterways are eligible or ineligible for patrol under section 822(b) of title 14, United States Code (as added by subsection (a)); and 
(2) not later than 180 days after the date of 
the enactment of this Act, provide to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a written notification of— 
(A) any waterways determined ineligible 
for patrol under paragraph (1); and 
(B) the actions taken by the Commandant 
to ensure Auxiliary patrols do not occur on such waterways. 
SEC. 206. LONG-TERM MAJOR ACQUISITIONS 
PLAN. 
Section 2903 of title 14, United States Code, 
as redesignated and otherwise amended by this Act, is further amended— 
(1) by redesignating subsection (e) as sub-
section (f); and 
(2) by inserting after subsection (d) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(e) L
ONG-TERM MAJOR ACQUISITIONS  
PLAN.—Each report under subsection (a) 
shall include a plan that describes for the up-coming fiscal year, and for each of the 20 fis-cal years thereafter— ‘‘(1) the numbers and types of cutters and 
aircraft to be decommissioned; 
‘‘(2) the numbers and types of cutters and 
aircraft to be acquired to— 
‘‘(A) replace the cutters and aircraft iden-
tified under paragraph (1); or 
‘‘(B) address an identified capability gap; 
and 
‘‘(3) the estimated level of funding in each 
fiscal year required to— 
‘‘(A) acquire the cutters and aircraft iden-
tified under paragraph (2); 
‘‘(B) acquire related command, control, 
communications, computer, intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance systems; and 
‘‘(C) acquire, construct, or renovate shore-
side infrastructure.’’. 
SEC. 207. COAST GUARD COMMUNITIES. 
Section 409 of the Coast Guard Authoriza-
tion Act of 1998 (14 U.S.C. 639 note) is amend-ed by striking the second sentence and in-serting the following: ‘‘The Commandant may recognize any other community in a similar manner if the Commandant deter-mines that such community has dem-onstrated enduring support of the Coast Guard, Coast Guard personnel, and the de-pendents of Coast Guard personnel.’’. 
SEC. 208. ‘‘POLAR SEA’’ MATERIEL CONDITION AS-
SESSMENT AND SERVICE LIFE EX-TENSION DECISION. 
Section 222 of the Coast Guard and Mari-
time Transportation Act of 2012 (Public Law 112–213; 126 Stat. 1560) is amended— 
(1) by amending subsection (a) to read as 
follows: 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Not later than 270 days 
after the date of the enactment of the Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2015, the Sec-retary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating shall— 
‘‘(1) complete a materiel condition assess-
ment with respect to the Polar Sea; 
‘‘(2) make a determination of whether it is 
cost effective to reactivate the Polar Sea compared with other options to provide icebreaking services as part of a strategy to maintain polar icebreaking services; and 
‘‘(3) submit to the Committee on Transpor-
tation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate— 
‘‘(A) the assessment required under para-
graph (1); and 
‘‘(B) written notification of the determina-
tion required under paragraph (2).’’; 
(2) in subsection (b) by striking ‘‘analysis’’ 
and inserting ‘‘written notification’’; 
(3) by striking subsection (c); (4) by redesignating subsections (d) 
through (h) as subsections (c) through (g), re-spectively; 
(5) in subsection (c) (as redesignated by 
paragraph (4) of this section)— 
(A) in paragraph (1)— (i) in subparagraph (A) by striking ‘‘based 
on the analysis required’’; and 
(ii) in subparagraph (C) by striking ‘‘anal-
ysis’’ and inserting ‘‘written notification’’; 
(B) by amending paragraph (2) to read as 
follows: 
‘‘(2) D
ECOMMISSIONING .—If the Secretary 
makes a determination under subsection (a) that it is not cost effective to reactivate the Polar Sea, then, not later than 180 days after written notification of that determination is submitted under that subsection, the Com-mandant of the Coast Guard may decommis-sion the Polar Sea.’’; and 
(C) by amending paragraph (3) to read as 
follows: 
‘‘(3) R
ESULT OF NO DETERMINATION .—If the 
Secretary does not make a determination under subsection (a) regarding whether it is cost effective to reactivate the Polar Sea, then the Commandant of the Coast Guard 
may decommission the Polar Sea.’’; 
(6) in subsection (d)(1) (as redesignated by 
paragraph (4) of this section) by striking ‘‘analysis’’ and inserting ‘‘written notifica-tion’’; and 
(7) in subsection (e) (as redesignated by 
paragraph (4) of this section) by striking ‘‘in subsection (d)’’ and inserting ‘‘in subsection (c)’’. 
SEC. 209. REPEAL. 
Section 225(b)(2) of the Howard Coble Coast 
Guard and Maritime Transportation Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–281; 128 Stat. 3039) is re-pealed. 
SEC. 210. TECHNICAL CORRECTIONS TO TITLE 14. 
Title 14, United States Code, as amended 
by this Act, is further amended— 
(1) in the analysis for part I by striking the 
item relating to chapter 19 and inserting the following: 
‘‘19. Environmental Compliance and 
Restoration Program ................... 690’’; 
(2) in section 46(a) by striking ‘‘sub-
section’’ and inserting ‘‘section’’; 
(3) in section 47 in the section heading by 
striking ‘‘ commandant ’’ and inserting ‘‘ Com-
mandant ’’; 
(4) in section 93(f) by striking paragraph (2) 
and inserting the following: 
‘‘(2) L
IMITATION .—The Commandant may 
lease submerged lands and tidelands under paragraph (1) only if— 
‘‘(A) the lease is for cash exclusively; ‘‘(B) the lease amount is equal to the fair 
market value of the use of the leased sub-merged lands or tidelands for the period dur-ing which such lands are leased, as deter-mined by the Commandant; 
‘‘(C) the lease does not provide authority 
to or commit the Coast Guard to use or sup-port any improvements to such submerged lands and tidelands, or obtain goods and services from the lessee; and 
‘‘(D) proceeds from the lease are deposited 
in the Coast Guard Housing Fund established under section 687.’’; 
(5) in the analysis for chapter 9 by striking 
the item relating to section 199 and inserting the following: 
‘‘199. Marine safety curriculum.’’; 
(6) in section 427(b)(2) by striking ‘‘this 
chapter’’ and inserting ‘‘chapter 61 of title 10’’; 
(7) in the analysis for chapter 15 before the 
item relating to section 571 by striking the following: 
‘‘Sec.’’; 
(8) in section 573(c)(3)(A) by inserting ‘‘and 
shall maintain such cutter in class’’ before the period at the end; 
(9) in section 581(5)(B) by striking 
‘‘$300,000,0000,’’ and inserting ‘‘$300,000,000,’’; 
(10) in section 637(c)(3) in the matter pre-
ceding subparagraph (A) by inserting ‘‘it is’’ before ‘‘any’’; 
(11) in section 641(d)(3) by striking ‘‘Guard, 
installation’’ and inserting ‘‘Guard installa-tion’’; 
(12) in section 691(c)(3) by striking ‘‘state’’ 
and inserting ‘‘State’’; 
(13) in the analysis for chapter 21— (A) by striking the item relating to section 
709 and inserting the following: 
‘‘709. Reserve student aviation pilots; Re-
serve aviation pilots; appoint-ments in commissioned grade.’’; 
and 
(B) by striking the item relating to section 
740 and inserting the following: 
‘‘740. Failure of selection and removal from 
an active status.’’; 
(14) in section 742(c) by striking ‘‘sub-
section’’ and inserting ‘‘subsections’’; 
(15) in section 821(b)(1) by striking ‘‘Chap-
ter 26’’ and inserting ‘‘Chapter 171’’; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:10 May 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18MY7.029 H18MYPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3287 May 18, 2015 
(16) in section 823a(b)(1), by striking 
‘‘Chapter 26’’ and inserting ‘‘Chapter 171’’. 
SEC. 211. DIGITAL BOAT PROFILE PILOT PRO-
GRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—If, during the 1-year pe-
riod beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating deter-mines that there are at least 2 digital boat profile technologies that are commercially available, the Secretary shall establish a pilot program, in accordance with this sec-tion, under which digital boat profiles are utilized for— 
(1) not less than 2 National Security Cut-
ters; 
(2) not less than 4 Fast Response Cutters; 
and 
(3) not less than 4 Medium Endurance Cut-
ters (270 foot). 
(b) T
IMING .—With respect to the National 
Security Cutters and Fast Response Cutters participating in the pilot program, a digital boat profile shall be established prior to the commissioning of the cutters. 
(c) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after 
the establishment of the pilot program, and annually thereafter for the succeeding 4 years, the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report describing— 
(1) the implementation of the pilot pro-
gram; and 
(2) the results of the use of digital boat 
profiles under the pilot program with respect to— 
(A) efficient maintenance of the cutters in-
volved; and 
(B) the post-delivery warranty manage-
ment of equipment items, the repair and re-placement of which are contractually obli-gated. 
(d) D
IGITAL BOAT PROFILE DEFINED .—In 
this section, the term ‘‘digital boat profile’’ means a commercially available off-the-shelf technology that creates an electronic data source with respect to a vessel that— 
(1) provides lifecycle management support, 
including through the incorporation of sys-tems manuals, schematics, and vessel docu-mentation; 
(2) incorporates all manufacturer rec-
ommendations and operator best practices; 
(3) incorporates the use of real-time ana-
lytics of deferred tasks, future tasks, readi-ness assessments, and budgetary planners; 
(4) provides advance electronic notification 
of upcoming maintenance and inspections to multi-level permission-based recipients on a daily, weekly, or monthly basis; 
(5) facilitates oversight for pre-delivery 
discrepancy reporting and post-delivery war-ranty management of equipment items, the repair and replacement of which are contrac-tually obligated; and 
(6) is accessible by computing devices. 
SEC. 212. DISCONTINUANCE OF AN AID TO NAVI-
GATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating shall establish a process for the discontinuance of an aid to navigation established, maintained, or oper-ated by the Coast Guard. 
(b) R
EQUIREMENT .—The process established 
under subsection (a) shall include procedures to notify the public of any discontinuance of an aid to navigation described in that sub-section. 
(c) C
ONSULTATION .—In establishing a proc-
ess under subsection (a), the Secretary shall consult with and consider any recommenda-tions of the Navigation Safety Advisory 
Council. 
(d) N
OTIFICATION .—Not later than 30 days 
after establishing a process under subsection (a), the Secretary shall notify the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate of the process established. 
SEC. 213. MISSION PERFORMANCE MEASURES. 
Not later than 1 year after the date of the 
enactment of this Act, the Comptroller Gen-eral of the United States shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure and the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate an assessment of the efficacy of the Coast Guard’s Standard 
Operational Planning Process with respect to annual mission performance measures. 
SEC. 214. COMMUNICATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of the de-
partment in which the Coast Guard is oper-ating shall establish and carry out a re-sponse capabilities pilot program to assess, at not fewer than 2 Coast Guard command centers, the effectiveness of a radio gateway that— 
(1) provides for— (A) multiagency collaboration and inter-
operability; and 
(B) wide-area, secure, and peer-invitation- 
and-acceptance-based multimedia commu-nications; 
(2) is certified by the Department of De-
fense Joint Interoperability Test Center; and 
(3) is composed of commercially available, 
off-the-shelf technology. 
(b) A
SSESSMENT .—Not later than 1 year 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter for the succeeding 4 years, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate an assess-ment of the pilot program, including the im-pacts of the program with respect to inter-agency and Coast Guard response capabili-ties. 
SEC. 215. COAST GUARD GRADUATE MARITIME 
OPERATIONS EDUCATION. 
Not later than 1 year after the date of the 
enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is op-erating shall establish an education pro-gram, for members and employees of the Coast Guard, that— 
(1) offers a master’s degree in maritime op-
erations; 
(2) is relevant to the professional develop-
ment of such members and employees; 
(3) provides resident and distant education 
options, including the ability to utilize both options; and 
(4) to the greatest extent practicable, is 
conducted using existing academic programs at an accredited public academic institution that— 
(A) is located near a significant number of 
Coast Guard, maritime, and other Depart-ment of Homeland Security law enforcement personnel; and 
(B) has an ability to simulate operations 
normally conducted at a command center. 
TITLE III—SHIPPING AND NAVIGATION 
SEC. 301. TREATMENT OF FISHING PERMITS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter I of chapter 
313 of title 46, United States Code, is amend-ed by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘§ 31310. Treatment of fishing permits 
‘‘(a) L
IMITATION ON MARITIME LIENS.—This 
chapter— 
‘‘(1) does not establish a maritime lien on 
a fishing permit; and ‘‘(2) does not authorize any civil action to 
enforce a maritime lien on a fishing permit. 
‘‘(b) T REATMENT OF FISHING PERMITS  
UNDER STATE AND FEDERAL LAW.—A fishing 
permit— 
‘‘(1) is governed solely by the State or Fed-
eral law under which it is issued; and 
‘‘(2) shall not be treated as part of a vessel, 
or as an appurtenance or intangible of a ves-sel, for any purpose under Federal law. 
‘‘(c) A
UTHORITY OF SECRETARY OF COM-
MERCE NOTAFFECTED .—Nothing in this sec-
tion shall be construed as imposing any limi-tation upon the authority of the Secretary of Commerce— 
‘‘(1) to modify, suspend, revoke, or impose 
a sanction on any fishing permit issued by the Secretary of Commerce; or 
‘‘(2) to bring a civil action to enforce such 
a modification, suspension, revocation, or sanction. 
‘‘(d) F
ISHING PERMIT DEFINED .—In this sec-
tion the term ‘fishing permit’ means any au-thorization of a person or vessel to engage in fishing that is issued under State or Federal law.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
sections at the beginning of such chapter is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 31309 the following: 
‘‘31310. Treatment of fishing permits.’’. 
SEC. 302. SURVIVAL CRAFT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 3104 of title 46, 
United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘§ 3104. Survival craft 
‘‘(a) R
EQUIREMENT TOEQUIP.—The Sec-
retary shall require that a passenger vessel be equipped with survival craft that ensures that no part of an individual is immersed in water, if— 
‘‘(1) such vessel is built or undergoes a 
major conversion after January 1, 2016; and 
‘‘(2) operates in cold waters as determined 
by the Secretary. 
‘‘(b) H
IGHER STANDARD OF SAFETY .—The 
Secretary may revise part 117 or part 180 of title 46, Code of Federal Regulations, as in effect before January 1, 2016, if such revision provides a higher standard of safety than is provided by the regulations in effect on or before the date of the enactment of the Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2015. 
‘‘(c) I
NNOVATIVE AND NOVEL DESIGNS .—The 
Secretary may, in lieu of the requirements set out in part 117 or part 180 of title 46, Code of Federal Regulations, as in effect on the date of the enactment of the Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2015, allow a passenger vessel to be equipped with a life saving appli-ance or arrangement of an innovative or novel design that— 
‘‘(1) ensures no part of an individual is im-
mersed in water; and 
‘‘(2) provides an equal or higher standard of 
safety than is provided by such requirements as in effect before such date of the enact-ment. 
‘‘(d) B
UILT DEFINED .—In this section, the 
term ‘built’ has the meaning that term has under section 4503(e).’’. 
(b) R
EVIEW ; REVISION OF REGULATIONS .— 
(1) R EVIEW .—Not later than December 31, 
2015, the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a review of— 
(A) the number of casualties for individ-
uals with disabilities, children, and the el-derly as a result of immersion in water, re-ported to the Coast Guard over the preceding 30-year period, by vessel type and area of op-eration; 
(B) the risks to individuals with disabil-
ities, children, and the elderly as a result of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:10 May 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18MY7.029 H18MYPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3288 May 18, 2015 
immersion in water, by passenger vessel type 
and area of operation; 
(C) the effect that carriage of survival 
craft that ensure that no part of an indi-vidual is immersed in water has on— 
(i) passenger vessel safety, including sta-
bility and safe navigation; 
(ii) improving the survivability of individ-
uals, including individuals with disabilities, children, and the elderly; and 
(iii) the costs, the incremental cost dif-
ference to vessel operators, and the cost ef-fectiveness of requiring the carriage of such survival craft to address the risks to individ-uals with disabilities, children, and the el-derly; 
(D) the efficacy of alternative safety sys-
tems, devices, or measures in improving sur-vivability of individuals with disabilities, children, and the elderly; and 
(E) the number of small businesses and 
nonprofit vessel operators that would be af-fected by requiring the carriage of such sur-vival craft on passenger vessels to address the risks to individuals with disabilities, children, and the elderly. 
(2) R
EVISION .—Based on the review con-
ducted under paragraph (1), the Secretary may revise regulations concerning the car-riage of survival craft pursuant to section 3104(c) of title 46, United States Code. 
SEC. 303. ENFORCEMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 55305(d) of title 
46, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) by amending paragraph (1) to read as 
follows: 
‘‘(1) Each department or agency that has 
responsibility for a program under this sec-tion shall administer that program con-sistent with this section and any regulations promulgated pursuant to subchapter II of chapter 5 of title 5, issued by the Secretary of Transportation, and developed in con-sultation with each department and agency subject to this section.’’; 
(2) by redesignating paragraph (2) as para-
graph (3), and by inserting after paragraph (1) the following: 
‘‘(2)(A) The Secretary, after consulting 
with the department, agency, organization, or person involved, shall have sole responsi-bility for determining the applicability of this section to a program of a Federal de-partment or agency, after consulting with the department, agency, organization, or person involved. 
‘‘(B) The head of a Federal department or 
agency shall request the Secretary to deter-mine the applicability of this section to a program of such department or agency if the department or agency is uncertain of such applicability. Not later than 30 days after re-ceiving such a request, the Secretary shall make such determination. 
‘‘(C) Subparagraph (B) shall not be con-
strued to limit the authority of the Sec-retary to make a determination regarding the applicability of this section to a program administered by a Federal department or agency. 
‘‘(D) A determination made by the Sec-
retary under this paragraph regarding a pro-gram shall remain in effect until the Sec-retary determines that this section no longer applies to such program.’’; 
(3) in paragraph (3), as so redesignated, by 
amending subparagraph (A) to read as fol-lows: 
‘‘(A) shall conduct an annual review of the 
administration of programs subject to the requirements of this section to determine compliance with the requirements of this section;’’; and 
(4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) On the date on which the President 
submits to Congress a budget pursuant to section 1105 of title 31, the Secretary shall make available on the Internet website of 
the Department of Transportation a report that— 
‘‘(A) lists the programs that were subject 
to determinations made by the Secretary under paragraph (2) in the preceding year; and 
‘‘(B) describes the results of the most re-
cent annual review required by paragraph (3)(A), including identification of the depart-ments and agencies that transported cargo in violation of this section and any action the Secretary took under paragraph (3) with respect to each violation.’’. 
(b) D
EADLINE FOR FIRST REVIEW .—The Sec-
retary of Transportation shall complete the first review required under the amendment made by subsection (a)(1)(C) by not later than December 31, 2015. 
(c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 
3511(c) of the Duncan Hunter National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (46 U.S.C. 55305 note) is repealed. 
SEC. 304. MODEL YEARS FOR RECREATIONAL 
VESSELS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 4302 of title 46, 
United States Code is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(e)(1) If in prescribing regulations under 
this section the Secretary establishes a model year for recreational vessels and asso-ciated equipment, such model year shall, ex-cept as provided in paragraph (2)— 
‘‘(A) begin on June 1 of a year and end on 
July 31 of the following year; and 
‘‘(B) be designated by the year in which it 
ends. 
‘‘(2) Upon the request of a recreational ves-
sel manufacturer to which this chapter ap-plies, the Secretary may alter a model year for a model of recreational vessel of the manufacturer and associated equipment, by no more than 6 months from the model year described in paragraph (1).’’. 
(b) A
PPLICATION .—This section shall only 
apply with respect to recreational vessels and associated equipment constructed or manufactured, respectively, on or after June 1, 2015. 
(c) G
UIDANCE .—Not later than 90 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating shall publish guid-ance to implement section 4302(d)(2) of title 46, United States Code. 
SEC. 305. MERCHANT MARINER CREDENTIAL EX-
PIRATION HARMONIZATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Except as provided in 
subsection (c) and not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating shall establish a process to harmonize the expiration dates of merchant mariner credentials, mariner med-ical certificates, and radar observer endorse-ments for individuals applying to the Sec-retary for a new merchant mariner creden-tial or for renewal of an existing merchant mariner credential. 
(b) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The Secretary shall 
ensure that the process established under subsection (a)— 
(1) does not require an individual to renew 
a merchant mariner credential earlier than the date on which the individual’s current credential expires; and 
(2) results in harmonization of expiration 
dates for merchant mariner credentials, mar-iner medical certificates, and radar observer endorsements for all individuals by not later than 6 years after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(c) E
XCEPTION .—The process established 
under subsection (a) does not apply to indi-viduals— 
(1) holding a merchant mariner credential 
with— (A) an active Standards of Training, Cer-
tification, and Watchkeeping endorsement; or 
(B) Federal first-class pilot endorsement; 
or 
(2) who have been issued a time-restricted 
medical certificate. 
SEC. 306. MARINE EVENT SAFETY ZONES. 
Section 6 of the Ports and Waterways Safe-
ty Act (33 U.S.C. 1225) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(c) M
ARINE EVENT SAFETY ZONES .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
paragraph (2), the Secretary shall recover all costs the Coast Guard incurs to enforce a safety zone under this section if such safety zone is established for a marine event con-ducted under a permit or other authorization by the Coast Guard. 
‘‘(2) E
XCEPTION .—The Secretary may not 
recover costs under paragraph (1) from a State or local government. 
‘‘(3) T
REATMENT OF RECOVERED COSTS .— 
Costs recovered by the Secretary under this subsection shall be credited to the appropria-tion for operating expenses of the Coast Guard. 
‘‘(4) M
ARINE EVENT DEFINED .—In this sec-
tion the term ‘marine event’ means a planned activity of limited duration that by its nature, circumstances, or location, will introduce extra or unusual hazards to the safety of life on the navigable waters of the United States.’’. 
SEC. 307. TECHNICAL CORRECTIONS. 
(a) T ITLE 46.—Title 46, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(1) in section 103, by striking ‘‘(33 U.S.C. 
151).’’ and inserting ‘‘(33 U.S.C. 151(b)).’’; 
(2) in section 2118— (A) in subsection (a), in the matter pre-
ceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘title,’’ and inserting ‘‘subtitle,’’; and 
(B) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘title’’ 
and inserting ‘‘subtitle’’; 
(3) in the analysis for chapter 35— (A) by adding a period at the end of the 
item relating to section 3507; and 
(B) by adding a period at the end of the 
item relating to section 3508; 
(4) in section 3715(a)(2), by striking ‘‘; and’’ 
and inserting a semicolon; 
(5) in section 8103(b)(1)(A)(iii), by striking 
‘‘Academy.’’ and inserting ‘‘Academy; and’’; and 
(6) in section 11113(c)(1)(A)(i), by striking 
‘‘under this Act’’. 
(b) G
ENERAL BRIDGE STATUTES .— 
(1) A CT OF MARCH 3 , 1899.—The Act of March 
3, 1899, popularly known as the Rivers and Harbors Appropriations Act of 1899, is amended— 
(A) in section 9 (33 U.S.C. 401), by striking 
‘‘Secretary of Transportation’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Secretary of the de-partment in which the Coast Guard is oper-ating’’; and 
(B) in section 18 (33 U.S.C. 502), by striking 
‘‘Secretary of Transportation’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Secretary of the de-partment in which the Coast Guard is oper-ating’’. 
(2) A
CT OF MARCH 23 , 1906.—The Act of March 
23, 1906, popularly known as the Bridge Act of 1906, is amended— 
(A) in the first section (33 U.S.C. 491), by 
striking ‘‘Secretary of Transportation’’ and inserting ‘‘Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating’’; 
(B) in section 4 (33 U.S.C. 494), by striking 
‘‘Secretary of Homeland Security’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating’’; and 
(C) in section 5 (33 U.S.C. 495), by striking 
‘‘Secretary of Transportation’’ each place it 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:10 May 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18MY7.029 H18MYPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3289 May 18, 2015 
appears and inserting ‘‘Secretary of the de-
partment in which the Coast Guard is oper-ating’’. 
(3) A
CT OF AUGUST 18 , 1894.—Section 5 of the 
Act entitled ‘‘An Act making appropriations for the construction, repair, and preserva-tion of certain public works on rivers and 
harbors, and for other purposes’’, approved August 18, 1894 (33 U.S.C. 499) is amended by striking ‘‘Secretary of Transportation’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating’’. 
(4) A
CT OF JUNE 21 , 1940.—The Act of June 21, 
1940, popularly known as the Truman-Hobbs Act, is amended— 
(A) in the first section (33 U.S.C. 511), by 
striking ‘‘Secretary of Transportation’’ and inserting ‘‘Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating’’; 
(B) in section 4 (33 U.S.C. 514), by striking 
‘‘Secretary of Transportation’’ and inserting ‘‘Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating’’; 
(C) in section 7 (33 U.S.C. 517), by striking 
‘‘Secretary of Transportation’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Secretary of the de-partment in which the Coast Guard is oper-ating’’; and 
(D) in section 13 (33 U.S.C. 523), by striking 
‘‘Secretary of Transportation’’ and inserting ‘‘Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating’’. 
(5) G
ENERAL BRIDGE ACT OF 1946 .—The Gen-
eral Bridge Act of 1946 is amended— 
(A) in section 502(b) (33 U.S.C. 525(b)), by 
striking ‘‘Secretary of Transportation’’ and inserting ‘‘Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating’’; and 
(B) in section 510 (33 U.S.C. 533), by strik-
ing ‘‘Secretary of Transportation’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating’’. 
(6) I
NTERNATIONAL BRIDGE ACT OF 1972 .—The 
International Bridge Act of 1972 is amend-ed— 
(A) in section 5 (33 U.S.C. 535c), by striking 
‘‘Secretary of Transportation’’ and inserting ‘‘Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating’’; and 
(B) in section 8 (33 U.S.C. 535e), by striking 
‘‘Secretary of Transportation’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Secretary of the de-partment in which the Coast Guard is oper-ating’’. 
SEC. 308. RECOMMENDATIONS FOR IMPROVE-
MENTS OF MARINE CASUALTY RE-PORTING. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of 
the enactment of this Act, the Commandant of the Coast Guard shall notify the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate of the actions the Commandant will take to implement recommendations on improvements to the Coast Guard’s marine casualty reporting re-quirements and procedures included in— 
(1) the Department of Homeland Security 
Office of Inspector General report entitled ‘‘Marine Accident Reporting, Investigations, and Enforcement in the United States Coast Guard’’, released on May 23, 2013; and 
(2) the Towing Safety Advisory Committee 
report entitled ‘‘Recommendations for Im-provement of Marine Casualty Reporting’’, released on March 26, 2015. 
SEC. 309. RECREATIONAL VESSEL ENGINE 
WEIGHTS. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of 
the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating shall issue regulations amending Table 4 to Subpart H of Part 183–Weights (Pounds) of Outboard Motor and Related Equipment for Various Boat Horsepower Ratings (33 C.F.R. 183) as appropriate to re-
flect ‘‘Standard 30–Outboard Engine and Re-lated Equipment Weights’’ published by the American Boat and Yacht Council, as in ef-fect on the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 310. MERCHANT MARINER MEDICAL CER-
TIFICATION REFORM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 75 of title 46, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘§ 7509. Medical certification by trusted 
agents 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding any 
other provision of law and pursuant to regu-lations prescribed by the Secretary, a trust-ed agent may issue a medical certificate to an individual who— 
‘‘(1) must hold such certificate to qualify 
for a license, certificate of registry, or mer-chant mariner’s document, or endorsement thereto under this part; and 
‘‘(2) is qualified as to sight, hearing, and 
physical condition to perform the duties of such license, certificate, document, or en-dorsement, as determined by the trusted agent. 
‘‘(b) T
RUSTED AGENT DEFINED .—In this sec-
tion the term ‘trusted agent’ means a med-ical practitioner certified by the Secretary to perform physical examinations of an indi-vidual for purposes of a license, certificate of registry, or merchant mariner’s document under this part.’’. 
(b) D
EADLINE .—Not later than 3 years after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating shall issue a final rule implementing section 7509 of title 46, United States Code, as added by this section. 
(c) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis 
for such chapter is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘7509. Medical certification by trusted 
agents.’’. 
SEC. 311. ATLANTIC COAST PORT ACCESS ROUTE 
STUDY. 
Not later than April 1, 2016, the Com-
mandant of the Coast Guard shall conclude the Atlantic Coast Port Access Route Study and submit the results of such study to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate. 
SEC. 312. CERTIFICATES OF DOCUMENTATION 
FOR RECREATIONAL VESSELS. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of 
the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Department in which the Coast Guard is operating shall issue regulations that— 
(1) make certificates of documentation for 
recreational vessels effective for 5 years; and 
(2) require the owner of such a vessel— (A) to notify the Coast Guard of each 
change in the information on which the issuance of the certificate of documentation is based, that occurs before the expiration of the certificate; and 
(B) apply for a new certificates of docu-
mentation for such a vessel if there is any such change. 
SEC. 313. PROGRAM GUIDELINES. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of 
the enactment this Act, the Secretary of Transportation shall— 
(1) develop guidelines to implement the 
program authorized under section 304(a) of the Coast Guard and Maritime Transpor-tation Act of 2006 (Public Law 109–241), in-cluding specific actions to ensure the future availability of able and credentialed United States licensed and unlicensed seafarers in-cluding— 
(A) incentives to encourage partnership 
agreements with operators of foreign-flag vessels that carry liquified natural gas, that provide no less than one training billet per 
vessel for United States merchant mariners in order to meet minimum mandatory sea service requirements; 
(B) development of appropriate training 
curricula for use by public and private mari-time training institutions to meet all United States merchant mariner license, certifi-cation, and document laws and requirements under the International Convention on Standards of Training, Certification and Watchkeeping for Seafarers, 1978; and 
(C) steps to promote greater outreach and 
awareness of additional job opportunities for sea service veterans of the United States Armed Forces; and 
(2) submit such guidelines to the Com-
mittee Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation of the Senate. 
SEC. 314. REPEALS. 
(a) R EPEALS , M ERCHANT MARINE ACT, 
1936.—Sections 601 through 606, 608 through 611, 613 through 616, 802, and 809 of the Mer-chant Marine Act, 1936 (46 U.S.C. 53101 note) are repealed. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Chapter 575 
of title 46, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in section 57501, by striking ‘‘titles V 
and VI’’ and inserting ‘‘title V’’ ; and 
(2) in section 57531(a), by striking ‘‘titles V 
and VI’’ and inserting ‘‘title V’’. 
(c) T RANSFER FROM MERCHANT MARINE  
ACT, 1936.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 801 of the Mer-
chant Marine Act, 1936 (46 U.S.C. 53101 note) is— 
(A) redesignated as section 57522 of title 46, 
United States Code, and transferred to ap-pear after section 57521 of such title; and 
(B) as so redesignated and transferred, is 
amended— 
(i) by striking so much as precedes the 
first sentence and inserting the following: 
‘‘§ 57522. Books and records, balance sheets, 
and inspection and auditing’’ ; 
(ii) by striking ‘‘the provision of title VI or 
VII of this Act’’ and inserting ‘‘this chap-ter’’; 
(iii) by striking ‘‘That the provisions’’ and 
all that follows through ‘‘Commission; (2)’’ ; and 
(iv) by redesignating clauses (3) and (4) as 
clauses (2) and (3), respectively. 
(2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis for 
chapter 575, of title 46, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 57521 the following: 
‘‘57522. Books and records, balance sheets, 
and inspection and auditing.’’. 
(d) R
EPEALS , TITLE 46, U.S.C..—Section 8103 
of title 46, United States Code, is amended in subsections (c) and (d) by striking ‘‘or oper-ating’’ each place it appears. 
TITLE IV—FEDERAL MARITIME 
COMMISSION 
SEC. 401. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 3 of title 46, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘§ 308. Authorization of appropriations 
‘‘There is authorized to be appropriated to 
the Federal Maritime Commission $24,700,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 and 2017 for the activities of the Commission authorized under this chapter and subtitle IV.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis 
for chapter 3 of title 46, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: 
‘‘308. Authorization of appropriations.’’. 
SEC. 402. DUTIES OF THE CHAIRMAN. 
Section 301(c)(3)(A) of title 46, United 
States Code, is amended— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:10 May 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18MY7.029 H18MYPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3290 May 18, 2015 
(1) in clause (ii) by striking ‘‘units, but 
only after consultation with the other Com-missioners;’’ and inserting ‘‘units (with such appointments subject to the approval of the Commission);’’; 
(2) in clause (iv) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the 
end; 
(3) in clause (v) by striking the period at 
the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(vi) prepare and submit to the President 
and Congress requests for appropriations for the Commission (with such requests subject to the approval of the Commission).’’. 
SEC. 403. PROHIBITION ON AWARDS. 
Section 307 of title 46, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘The Federal Maritime 
Commission’’ and inserting the following: 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Federal Maritime 
Commission’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(b) P ROHIBITION .—Notwithstanding sub-
section (a), the Federal Maritime Commis-sion may not expend any funds appropriated or otherwise made available to it to issue an award, prize, commendation, or other honor to a non-Federal entity.’’. 
TITLE V—MISCELLANEOUS 
SEC. 501. CONVEYANCE OF COAST GUARD PROP-
ERTY IN MARIN COUNTY, CALI-FORNIA. 
(a) C ONVEYANCE AUTHORIZED .—The Com-
mandant of the Coast Guard may convey all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to the covered property, upon pay-ment to the United States of the fair market value of the covered property. 
(b) R
IGHT OF FIRST REFUSAL .—The County 
of Marin, California shall have the right of first refusal with respect to purchase of the covered property under this section. 
(c) S
URVEY .—The exact acreage and legal 
description of the covered property shall be determined by a survey satisfactory to the Commandant. 
(d) F
AIRMARKET VALUE .—The fair market 
value of the covered property shall— 
(1) be determined by appraisal; and (2) be subject to the approval of the Com-
mandant. 
(e) C
OSTS OF CONVEYANCE .—The responsi-
bility for all reasonable and necessary costs, including real estate transaction and envi-ronmental documentation costs, associated with a conveyance under this section shall be determined by the Commandant and the purchaser. 
(f) A
DDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS .— 
The Commandant may require such addi-tional terms and conditions in connection with a conveyance under this section as the Commandant considers appropriate and rea-sonable to protect the interests of the United States. 
(g) D
EPOSIT OF PROCEEDS .—Any proceeds 
received by the United States in a convey-ance under this section shall be deposited in the Coast Guard Housing Fund established by section 687 of title 14, United States Code. 
(h) C
OVERED PROPERTY DEFINED .—In this 
section, the term ‘‘covered property’’ means the approximately 32 acres of real property (including all improvements located on the property) that are— 
(1) located at Station Point Reyes in Marin 
County, California; 
(2) under the administrative control of the 
Coast Guard; and 
(3) described as ‘‘Parcel A, Tract 1’’, ‘‘Par-
cel B, Tract 2’’, ‘‘Parcel C’’, and ‘‘Parcel D’’ in the Declaration of Taking (Civil No. C–71– 1245 SC) filed June 28, 1971, in the United States District Court for the Northern Dis-trict of California. 
SEC. 502. ELIMINATION OF REPORTS. 
(a) D ISTANT WATER TUNA FLEET .—Section 
421 of the Coast Guard and Maritime Trans-portation Act of 2006 (46 U.S.C. 8103 note) is 
amended by striking subsection (d). 
(b) A NNUAL UPDATES ON LIMITS TO LIABIL -
ITY.—Section 603(c)(3) of the Coast Guard and 
Maritime Transportation Act of 2006 (33 U.S.C. 2704 note) is amended by striking ‘‘on an annual basis.’’ and inserting ‘‘not later than January 30 of the year following each year in which occurs an oil discharge from a vessel or nonvessel source that results or is likely to result in removal costs and dam-ages (as those terms are defined in section 1001 of the Oil Pollution Act of 1990 (33 U.S.C. 2701)) that exceed liability limits established under section 1004 of the Oil Pollution Act of 1990 (33 U.S.C. 2704).’’. 
(c) I
NTERNATIONAL BRIDGE ACT OF 1972.— 
The International Bridge Act of 1972 is amended by striking section 11 (33 U.S.C. 535h). 
SEC. 503. VESSEL DOCUMENTATION. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of 
the enactment this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and infra-structure of the House and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate, a description of actions that could be taken to— 
(1) improve the efficiency of performance 
of the functions currently carried out by the National Vessel Documentation Center, in-cluding by— 
(A) transferring such functions to Coast 
Guard headquarters; and 
(B) reassigning Coast Guard personnel to 
better meet the Coast Guard’s vessel docu-mentation mission; and 
(2) strengthen the review of compliance 
with United States ownership requirements for vessels documented under the laws of the United States. 
SEC. 504. CONVEYANCE OF COAST GUARD PROP-
ERTY IN TOK, ALASKA. 
(a) C ONVEYANCE AUTHORIZED .—The Com-
mandant of the Coast Guard may convey all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to the covered property, upon pay-ment to the United States of the fair market value of the covered property. 
(b) R
IGHT OF FIRST REFUSAL .—The Tanana 
Chiefs’ Conference shall have the right of first refusal with respect to purchase of the covered property under this section. 
(c) S
URVEY .—The exact acreage and legal 
description of the covered property shall be determined by a survey satisfactory to the Commandant. 
(d) F
AIRMARKET VALUE .—The fair market 
value of the covered property shall be— 
(1) determined by appraisal; and (2) subject to the approval of the Com-
mandant. 
(e) C
OSTS OF CONVEYANCE .—The responsi-
bility for all reasonable and necessary costs, including real estate transaction and envi-ronmental documentation costs, associated with a conveyance under this section shall be determined by the Commandant and the purchaser. 
(f) A
DDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS .— 
The Commandant may require such addi-tional terms and conditions in connection with a conveyance under this section as the Commandant considers appropriate and rea-sonable to protect the interests of the United States. 
(g) D
EPOSIT OF PROCEEDS .—Any proceeds 
received by the United States from a convey-ance under this section shall be deposited in the Coast Guard Housing Fund established under section 687 of title 14, United States Code. 
(h) C
OVERED PROPERTY DEFINED .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—In this section, the term 
‘‘covered property’’ means the approxi-mately 3.25 acres of real property (including all improvements located on the property) 
that are— 
(A) located in Tok, Alaska; (B) under the administrative control of the 
Coast Guard; and 
(C) described in paragraph (2). (2) D
ESCRIPTION .—The property described 
in this paragraph is the following: 
(A) Lots 11, 12 and 13, block ‘‘G’’, Second 
Addition to Hartsell Subdivision, Section 20, Township 18 North, Range 13 East, Copper River Meridian, Alaska as appears by Plat No. 72-39 filed in the Office of the Recorder for the Fairbanks Recording District of Alas-ka, bearing seal dated 25 September 1972, all containing approximately 1.25 Acres and commonly known as 2-PLEX – Jackie Circle, Units A and B. 
(B) Beginning at a point being the SE cor-
ner of the SE 
1⁄4of the SE 1⁄4Section 24, 
Township 18 North, Range 12 East, Copper River Meridian, Alaska; thence running westerly along the south line of said SE 
1⁄4of 
the NE 1⁄4260 feet; thence northerly parallel 
to the east line of said SE 1⁄4of the NE 1⁄4335 
feet; thence easterly parallel to the south line 260 feet; then south 335 feet along the east boundary of Section 24 to the point of beginning; all containing approximately 2.0 acres and commonly known as 4-PLEX – West ‘‘C’’ and Willow, Units A, B, C and D. 
SEC. 505. SAFE VESSEL OPERATION IN THE 
GREAT LAKES. 
The Howard Coble Coast Guard and Mari-
time Transportation Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–281) is amended— 
(1) in section 610, by— (A) striking the section enumerator and 
heading and inserting the following: 
‘‘SEC. 610. SAFE VESSEL OPERATION IN THE 
GREAT LAKES.’’; 
(B) striking ‘‘existing boundaries and any 
future expanded boundaries of the Thunder Bay National Marine Sanctuary and Under-water Preserve’’ and inserting ‘‘boundaries of any national marine sanctuary that pre-serves shipwrecks or maritime heritage in the Great Lakes’’; and 
(C) by inserting before the period at the 
end the following: ‘‘, unless the designation documents for such sanctuary do not allow taking up or discharging ballast water in such sanctuary’’; and 
(2) in the table of contents in section 2, by 
striking the item relating to such section and inserting the following: 
‘‘Sec. 610. Safe vessel operation in the Great 
Lakes.’’. 
SEC. 506. USE OF VESSEL SALE PROCEEDS. 
(a) A UDIT.—The Comptroller General of the 
United States shall conduct an audit of funds credited in each fiscal year after fiscal year 2004 to the Vessel Operations Revolving Fund that are attributable to the sale of obsolete vessels in the National Defense Reserve Fleet that were scrapped or sold under sec-tions 57102, 57103, and 57104 of title 46, United States Code, including— 
(1) a complete accounting of all vessel sale 
proceeds attributable to the sale of obsolete vessels in the National Defense Reserve Fleet that were scrapped or sold under sec-tions 57102, 57103 and 57104 of title 46, United States Code, in each fiscal year after fiscal year 2004; 
(2) the annual apportionment of proceeds 
accounted for under paragraph (1) among the uses authorized under section 308704 of title 54, United States Code, in each fiscal year after fiscal year 2004, including— 
(A) for National Maritime Heritage Grants, 
including a list of all annual National Mari-time Heritage Grant grant and subgrant awards that identifies the respective grant and subgrant recipients and grant and subgrant amounts; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:10 May 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18MY7.029 H18MYPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3291 May 18, 2015 
(B) for the preservation and presentation 
to the public of maritime heritage property of the Maritime Administration; 
(C) to the United States Merchant Marine 
Academy and State maritime academies, in-cluding a list of annual awards; and 
(D) for the acquisition, repair, recondi-
tioning, or improvement of vessels in the Na-tional Defense Reserve Fleet; and 
(3) an accounting of proceeds, if any, at-
tributable to the sale of obsolete vessels in the National Defense Reserve Fleet that were scrapped or sold under sections 57102, 57103, and 57104 of title 46, United States Code, in each fiscal year after fiscal year 2004, that were expended for uses not author-ized under section 308704 of title 54, United States Code. 
(b) S
UBMISSION TO CONGRESS .—Not later 
than 180 days after the date of enactment this Act, the Comptroller General shall sub-mit the audit conducted in subsection (a) to the Committee on Armed Services, the Com-mittee on Natural Resources, and the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House and the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate. 
SEC. 507. FISHING VESSEL AND FISH TENDER 
VESSEL CERTIFICATION. 
Section 4503 of title 46, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(1) in subsection (c), by adding at the end 
the following: ‘‘Subsection (a) does not apply to a fishing vessel or fish tender vessel de-scribed in subsection (d)(6), if the vessel com-plies with an alternative safety compliance program established under that subsection for such a vessel.’’; and 
(2) in subsection (d), by adding at the end 
the following: 
‘‘(6) The Secretary shall establish an alter-
native safety compliance program for fishing vessels or fish tender vessels (or both) that are at least 50 feet overall in length, and not more than 79 feet overall in length, and built after July 1, 2013.’’. 
SEC. 508. NATIONAL ACADEMY OF SCIENCES 
COST COMPARISON. 
(a) C OST COMPARISON .—The Secretary of 
the department in which the Coast Guard is operating shall seek to enter into an ar-rangement with the National Academy of Sciences under which the Academy, by no later than 180 days after the date of the en-actment of this Act, shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a compari-son of the costs incurred by the Federal Gov-ernment for each of the following alter-natives: 
(1) Transferring the Polar Sea to a non-gov-
ernmental entity at no cost, and leasing back the vessel beginning on the date on which the Coast Guard certifies that the ves-sel is capable of the breaking out and mis-sions described in subsection (c)(1). 
(2) The reactivation and operation by the 
Coast Guard of the Polar Sea to an oper-
ational level at which the vessel is capable of such breaking out and missions. 
(3) Acquiring and operating a new ice-
breaker through the Coast Guard’s acquisi-tion process that is capable of such breaking out and missions. 
(4) Construction by a non-Federal entity of 
an icebreaker capable of such breaking out and missions, that will be leased by the Fed-eral Government and operated using a Coast Guard crew. 
(5) Construction by a non-Federal entity of 
an icebreaker capable of such breaking out and missions, that will be leased by the Fed-eral Government and operated by a crew of non-Federal employees. (6) The acquisition of services from a non- 
Federal entity to perform such breaking out and missions. 
(b) I
NCLUDED COSTS.—For purposes of sub-
section (a), the cost of each alternative in-cludes costs incurred by the Federal Govern-ment for— 
(1) the lease or operation and maintenance 
of the vessel concerned; 
(2) disposal of such vessel at the end of the 
useful life of the vessel; 
(3) retirement and other benefits for Fed-
eral employees who operate such vessel; and 
(4) interest payments assumed to be in-
curred for Federal capital expenditures. 
(c) A
SSUMPTIONS .—For purposes of com-
paring the costs of such alternatives, the Academy shall assume that— 
(1) each vessel under consideration is— (A) capable of breaking out of McMurdo 
Station, and conducting Coast Guard mis-sions in the United States territory in the Arctic (as that term is defined in section 112 of the Arctic Research and Policy Act of 1984 (15 U.S.C. 4111)); and 
(B) operated for a period of 20 years; (2) the acquisition of services and the oper-
ation of each vessel begin on the same date; and 
(3) the periods for conducting Coast Guard 
missions in the Arctic are of equal lengths. 
SEC. 509. PENALTY WAGES. 
(a) F OREIGN AND INTERCOASTAL VOYAGES .— 
Section 10313(g) of title 46, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (2)— (A) by striking ‘‘all claims in a class action 
suit by seamen’’ and inserting ‘‘each claim by a seaman’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘the seamen’’ and inserting 
‘‘the seaman’’; and 
(2) in paragraph (3)— (A) by striking ‘‘class action’’; and (B) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘, by a 
seaman who is a claimant in the suit,’’ and inserting ‘‘by the seaman’’. 
(b) C
OASTWISE VOYAGES .—Section 10504(c) 
of such title is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (2)— (A) by striking ‘‘all claims in a class action 
suit by seamen’’ and inserting ‘‘each claim by a seaman’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘the seamen’’ and inserting 
‘‘the seaman’’; and 
(2) in paragraph (3)— (A) by striking ‘‘class action’’; and (B) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘, by a 
seaman who is a claimant in the suit,’’ and inserting ‘‘by the seaman’’. 
SEC. 510. RECOURSE FOR NONCITIZENS. 
Section 30104 of title 46, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) by inserting ‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—’’ before 
the first sentence; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following new 
subsection: 
‘‘(b) R ESTRICTION ON RECOVERY FOR NON-
RESIDENT ALIENS EMPLOYED ON FOREIGN PAS-
SENGER VESSELS .—A claim for damages or 
expenses relating to personal injury, illness, or death of a seaman who is a citizen of a foreign nation, arising during or from the en-gagement of the seaman by or for a pas-senger vessel duly registered under the laws of a foreign nation, may not be brought under the laws of the United States if— 
‘‘(1) such seaman was not a permanent 
resident alien of the United States at the time the claim arose; 
‘‘(2) the injury, illness, or death arose out-
side the territorial waters of the United States; and 
‘‘(3) the seaman or the seaman’s personal 
representative has or had a right to seek compensation for the injury, illness, or death in, or under the laws of— 
‘‘(A) the nation in which the vessel was 
registered at the time the claim arose; or ‘‘(B) the nation in which the seaman main-
tained citizenship or residency at the time the claim arose.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. G
RAVES ) and the gen-
tleman from Maryland (Mr. C UMMINGS ) 
each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Louisiana. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. Mr. 
Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous material on H.R. 1987. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Louisiana? 
There was no objection. Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. Mr. 
Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, H.R. 1987, the Coast 
Guard Authorization Act of 2015, reau-thorizes funding for the United States Coast Guard through fiscal year 2017 at levels that are fiscally responsible and that will reverse the misguided cuts proposed by the administration. 
The President’s budget would slash 
the service’s acquisition budget by over 17 percent. This will only worsen the Coast Guard’s growing gaps in mission performance, increase acquisition delays, drive up the costs of new assets, and deny our servicemembers the crit-ical resources they need to perform their duties. 
Mr. Speaker, the Coast Guard has be-
come somewhat of the Swiss Army knife of the seas. They are responsible for law enforcement, dealing with fish-eries, alien interdiction, drug interdic-tion, maritime law, and national secu-rity. Mission after mission has been heaped upon the Coast Guard without the corresponding resources for those servicemembers to do their job. H.R. 1987 provides sufficient funding to en-sure these cuts do not happen and the service has what it needs to success-fully conduct its missions. 
The bill also makes several reforms 
to Coast Guard authorities, as well as laws governing shipping and naviga-tion. Specifically, H.R. 1987 supports Coast Guard servicemembers by au-thorizing sufficient funds to allow for pay raises consistent with the NDAA and by ensuring they receive access to some of the same benefits as their counterparts in the Department of De-fense. 
It improves Coast Guard mission ef-
fectiveness by aligning the leadership structure of the service to that of other armed services and by replacing and modernizing Coast Guard assets in a cost-effective manner. 
The bill enhances oversight of the 
Coast Guard, reduces inefficient oper-ations, and saves taxpayers’ dollars by making commonsense reforms to the service’s administration and its acqui-sition process. It supports the U.S.- flagged and crewed vessels by strength-
ening the enforcement of cargo pref-erence laws. It encourages job growth 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:09 Feb 12, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAY 15\H18MY5.REC H18MY5bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3292 May 18, 2015 
in the maritime sector by cutting regu-
latory burdens on job creators. It reau-thorizes and reforms the administra-tive procedures of the Federal Mari-time Commission to improve account-ability. 
Finally, it includes language to re-
quire an independent assessment of leases versus constructing a new polar icebreaker. Mr. Speaker, right now, other nations operating in the Arctic far exceed the capabilities of the United States. This is an area where we must focus and ensure that the United States’ capabilities are capable of pro-tecting our interests in that region. I believe it could potentially deliver this critically needed asset—polar icebreaking capabilities—much sooner and save a tremendous amount of tax-payer funds if we pursue a public-pri-vate partnership to acquire a polar ice-breaker. 
Mr. Speaker, H.R. 1987 is a bipartisan 
effort that was put together in close consultation with the minority. I want to commend Ranking Members D
EFA-
ZIOand G ARAMENDI for their efforts, as 
well as Chairman S HUSTER and Sub-
committee Chairman H UNTER for their 
leadership. 
I also want to thank the men and 
women of the Coast Guard for the tre-mendous job they do for our Nation. Coast Guard servicemembers risk their lives on a daily basis to save those in peril, ensure the safety and security of our ports and waterways, and protect our environment; and they do all this on aging and obsolete cutters and air-craft, some of which were first commis-sioned in World War II. 
Passing H.R. 1987 will help rebuild 
and strengthen the Coast Guard. It will also demonstrate the strong support Congress has for the men and women of the Coast Guard and the deep apprecia-tion we have for the sacrifices they make for our Nation. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge all Members to 
support H.R. 1987, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. 
Mr. CUMMINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Sub-
committee Ranking Member G
ARAMENDI and Chairman H UNTER for 
their work on this legislation. I fully support this very important piece of legislation. 
H.R. 1987 authorizes robust funding 
for the United States Coast Guard’s op-erations, and particularly for its acqui-sition program. The Coast Guard has been cut to the bone, and everybody knows that. If we fail to ensure ade-quate funding for the construction of critically needed new cutters, then the Coast Guard of the future will be less capable than the Coast Guard of the past has been, something that should be unacceptable to our Nation. 
I strongly support section 303 of this 
measure, which strengthens the en-forcement of existing statutes that re-quire government-impelled cargoes to be carried on U.S.-flagged vessels. Today, according to the Maritime Ad-ministration, there are just 83—just 
83—ships flying the U.S. flag in the for-eign trade. We have lost more than 20 ships from the U.S.-flagged foreign trade fleet just since the end of 2012. 
Our merchant marine not only car-
ries commercial cargo, it provides vital sealift capacity to the United States military. And yet, particularly during periods of demobilization, we have re-peatedly allowed our blue-water fleet to decay until unforeseen crises have created an urgent new need for sealift capacity. Such a post-mobilization de-cline is happening again, but now our fleet is falling to such low levels that we risk reaching a tipping point from which we may never recover. We can-not afford to let that happen, and I re-mind my colleagues this is our watch. 
Mr. Speaker, effective enforcement of 
our existing cargo preference require-ments is essential to the success of our U.S.-flagged fleet, and it is just like any other Buy America policy that en-sures the expenditure of U.S. taxpayer dollars supports the interests of United States taxpayers. 
I want to thank my colleagues on the 
Coast Guard and Maritime Transpor-tation Subcommittee for working with me to look closely at this critical issue. I also commend Chairman H
UN-
TERfor offering an amendment to the 
NDAA that would provide a 1-year in-crease in the MSP annual operating stipend. I want to thank him for his leadership. 
Mr. Speaker, as I close, I note that 
section 302 of this bill is of deep con-cern to me. Section 302 would gut much of what was enacted in section 609 of the Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2010. Section 609 was enacted to ensure that all survival craft approved by the United States Coast Guard provide the basic protection of keeping individuals out of the water if they are forced to abandon a vessel. Of particular concern is ensuring that the elderly, children, and those with disabilities have access to a survival craft that can actually ensure their survival. The National Transportation Safety Board has been clear for the last 40 years that out-of- water survival craft save lives. 
Rather than rolling back the require-
ments contained in the Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2010, we should be focused on ensuring full implementa-tion of these requirements. As such, I hope that before this authorization is finalized, section 302 is removed from it. 
With that, Mr. Speaker, I again 
thank my colleagues for their hard work on this legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. Mr. 
Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. R
OYCE ). 
Mr. ROYCE. I thank the gentleman. Congratulations here to Chairman 
S
HUSTER and Ranking Member D EFA-
ZIOfor getting this important bill to 
the floor today. We are certainly proud to support our men and women serving in the United States Coast Guard. They 
play such a critical role there through rescue and saving lives and the role that they play also in drug interdiction and in protecting our territorial waters. 
I would also like to recognize the co-
operative way in which Chairman Hun-ter has worked to address concerns about how this bill would impact an important lifesaving program under the jurisdiction of the Foreign Affairs Committee, and that is the Food for Peace program. Over the past several years, the effort to reform the Food for Peace program so that we can feed more people in crisis overseas in less time for less money has been portrayed as a zero-sum game between the in-tended beneficiaries of our generosity and the U.S. merchant marine. That is unfortunate because that is wrong. 
What is clear, though, is that we 
need to fix this problem in the sense that, after Typhoon Haiyan struck the Philippines in 2013, U.S. purchase and shipping requirements delayed deliv-eries of U.S. food for 3 weeks. Now, for-tunately, with the Food for Peace pro-gram, those needs were met. 
But now in Nepal, it would take 45 
days to get U.S. food in country even though food has been pre-positioned in nearby Sri Lanka. So that is why this element of the Food for Peace program is so important. If we had to wait 45 days to respond to every humanitarian disaster, some people would perish. Certainly many would be on the verge of starvation over that 45-day period. 
I am, therefore, pleased to see that 
this year the Coast Guard authoriza-tion bill does not raise cargo pref-erence requirements from 50 percent to 75, and further, the bill’s cargo pref-erence enforcement provisions main-tain important consultation and public comment requirements. At the same time, the recently passed national de-fense authorization bill will accelerate support for the existing Maritime Se-curity Program. 
b1800 
I appreciate Chairman H
UNTER ’s 
work to ensure that U.S. maritime se-curity needs are fulfilled through a na-tional defense mechanism rather than relying upon food aid cargos. 
Mr. Speaker, preserving U.S. mari-
time security is essential, but it need not come at the expense of food aid. I look forward to continuing to work 
with Chairman H
UNTER and Ranking 
Member G ARAMENDI on creative solu-
tions that enable us to preserve U.S. maritime security while making Food for Peace more effective, more effi-cient, and most importantly, getting it there on time for those that are in need after a disaster. 
Mr. CUMMINGS. Mr. Speaker, we 
have no more speakers, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. Mr. 
Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
We, obviously, covered all the key 
points of this legislation, the impor-tant side. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:10 May 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18MY7.040 H18MYPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3293 May 18, 2015 
I would like to briefly highlight the 
fact that the U.S. Coast Guard’s mis-sion has fundamentally changed over the last several years in regard to the mission upon mission heaped upon this agency and the greater role they are now playing in regard to national secu-rity, cooperating with our other de-fense and Armed Forces. 
I want to make note that this legisla-
tion ensures that the Coast Guard is on a path to playing that role and being able to perform their responsibilities and their duties proficiently. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I first want 
to echo Chairman H
UNTER in stating my strong 
support for H.R. 1987, the Coast Guard Au-thorization Act of 2015, legislation that will tend to the needs of our Nation’s fifth military service, the United States Coast Guard. 
I also want to express my sincere apprecia-
tion to Chairman H
UNTER for his genuine bi-
partisan collaboration throughout the develop-ment of this important legislation. Not only will this bill improve our oversight of the Coast Guard, it also will enhance the capabilities and performance of this indispensable, multi-mis-sion maritime agency. 
I also want to thank the Chairman of the 
Transportation Committee, B
ILLSHUSTER , and 
the Ranking Democrat Member, P ETER DEFA-
ZIO, and acknowledge them for their thoughtful 
contributions. 
I am particularly pleased that this legislation 
will provide stability in budget authority for the Coast Guard. Erratic budgets and perpetual continuing resolutions have had a deleterious impact on the Coast Guard. Perhaps most no-table, unpredictable and insufficient funding 
has hampered the Coast Guard’s ability to keep pace with its long-term program to re-capitalize its offshore fleets of surface and air assets. 
Some of the Coast Guard’s legacy cutters 
are fifty years old. These vessels are well be-yond their estimated service life and have be-come increasingly unreliable and much more expensive to maintain and repair. We can, and we should, do better by our Coast Guard. 
The authorized funding levels for the Acqui-
sitions, Construction and Improvement Ac-count in this legislation will allow the Coast Guard to keep this recapitalization initiative on track. I am optimistic that these authorizations will send a strong signal to our colleagues on the Appropriations Committee. 
I also support provisions in the bill that will 
require the Coast Guard to initiate long-term capital planning, to require better assessments of mission performance metrics and personnel needs, and to assess and test new commu-nication and vessel management technologies. 
The bill also contains provisions important to 
our merchant marine. Provisions that would harmonize the renewal of different mariner credentials and allow mariners greater flexi-bility in acquiring their medical certifications should improve convenience without sacri-ficing compliance with fitness and training standards. 
The bill also further advances my strong in-
terest in using the imminent U.S. LNG export trade as a new economic opportunity for our shipyards and the U.S. flag in our foreign trade. 
This legislation would direct the Secretary of 
Transportation to develop guidelines to pro-mote the use of U.S. flag vessels and U.S. 
seafarers in the transport of LNG. I urge mem-bers to support this provision that will create maritime jobs here at home. 
In closing, Mr. Speaker, this legislation is 
not perfect, but rarely is that the case. This legislation is, however, a balanced, respon-sible and forward thinking product that will support our Coast Guard and address impor-tant issues raised by maritime stakeholders. 
I am proud to be an original cosponsor, and 
I urge members on both sides to support this legislation. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. G
RAVES ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1987, as amended. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
RECESS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until ap-proximately 6:30 p.m. today. 
Accordingly (at 6 o’clock and 2 min-
utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1831 
AFTER RECESS 
The recess having expired, the House 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. C
ARTER of Georgia) at 6 
o’clock and 31 minutes p.m. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, proceedings will resume on motions to suspend the rules previously postponed. 
Votes will be taken in the following 
order: 
H.R. 91, by the yeas and nays; H.R. 1313, by the yeas and nays; H.R. 1382, by the yeas and nays. The first electronic vote will be con-
ducted as a 15-minute vote. Remaining electronic votes will be conducted as 5- minute votes. 
f 
VETERAN’S I.D. CARD ACT 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-
finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 91) to amend title 38, United States Code, to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to issue, upon request, veteran identification cards to certain veterans, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. B
UCHANAN ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, as amended. The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 402, nays 0, not voting 30, as follows: 
[Roll No. 240] 
YEAS—402 
Abraham 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capuano Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch 
Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Joyce Kaptur Katko 
Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaMalfa Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Palmer 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:06 May 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18MY7.042 H18MYPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3294 May 18, 2015 
Paulsen 
Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger 
Russell Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus 
Tonko Torres Trott Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—30 
Barletta Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brown (FL) Capps Ca´rdenas 
Clay Cohen Culberson Davis, Danny Dold Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Farenthold Green, Al Gutie´rrez 
Hinojosa Hunter Jordan Lamborn Lee Moore Pallone 
Pascrell Rohrabacher Rush Sanchez, Loretta Schakowsky Sires Tiberi Tsongas Yoho 
b1857 
So (two-thirds being in the affirma-
tive) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
Stated for: Mr. YOHO. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 240 
I missed the vote because of flight delay and bad weather. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
f 
SERVICE DISABLED VETERAN 
OWNED SMALL BUSINESS RE-LIEF ACT 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-
finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1313) to amend title 38, United States Code, to enhance the treatment of certain small business concerns for purposes of Department of Veterans Affairs contracting goals and preferences, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. W
ENSTRUP ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill. 
This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 403, nays 0, not voting 29, as follows: 
[Roll No. 241] 
YEAS—403 
Abraham 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capuano Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene 
Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) 
Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaMalfa Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler 
Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney (FL) 
Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) 
Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko 
Torres Trott Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin 
NOT VOTING—29 
Barletta 
Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brown (FL) Capps Ca´rdenas 
Culberson Davis, Danny Dold Doyle, Michael 
F. Farenthold 
Green, Al Gutie´rrez 
Hinojosa Hunter Jordan Lamborn Lee Moore Pallone Pascrell Rohrabacher 
Rush Sanchez, Loretta Schakowsky Sires Tiberi Tsongas Wilson (SC) Zinke 
b1907 
So (two-thirds being in the affirma-
tive) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
BOOSTING RATES OF AMERICAN 
VETERAN EMPLOYMENT ACT 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-
finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1382) to amend title 38, United States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, in awarding a contract for the procure-ment of goods or services, to give a preference to offerors that employ vet-erans, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. W
ENSTRUP ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, as amended. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:10 May 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18MY7.025 H18MYPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3295 May 18, 2015 
This is a 5-minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 404, nays 0, not voting 28, as follows: 
[Roll No. 242] 
YEAS—404 
Abraham 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capuano Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis 
DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly 
Jones Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaMalfa Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes 
O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard 
Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton 
Titus Tonko Torres Trott Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup 
Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin 
NOT VOTING—28 
Barletta 
Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brown (FL) Capps Ca´rdenas 
Culberson Davis, Danny Dold Doyle, Michael 
F. Farenthold 
Green, Al Gutie´rrez 
Hinojosa Hunter Jordan Lamborn Lee Moore Pallone Pascrell Rohrabacher 
Rush Sanchez, Loretta Schakowsky Sires Tiberi Tsongas Zinke 
b1914 
Mr. AMASH changed his vote from 
‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ 
So (two-thirds being in the affirma-
tive) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Madam Speaker, this 
evening, I was unavoidably detained and un-able to cast votes on three bills: H.R. 91, the Veteran’s I.D. Card Act, as amended; H.R. 1313, the Service Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business Relief Act; and H.R. 1382, the Boosting Rates of American Veteran Employ-ment Act, as amended. 
Had I been present, I would have voted 
‘‘aye’’ on each of the three bills. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Madam Speaker, 
today I missed the following votes: H.R. 91, the Veteran’s I.D. Card Act. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes’’ on this bill. H.R. 1313, the Service Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business Relief Act. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes’’ on this bill. H.R. 1382, the Boosting Rates of American Veteran Employment Act. Had I been present, 
I would have voted ‘‘yes’’ on this bill. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. DOLD. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 240, 
241, and 242. I was unavoidably detained due to a flight delay. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘aye,’’ ‘‘aye,’’ and ‘‘aye.’’ 
f 
AUTHORIZING THE USE OF EMAN-
CIPATION HALL IN THE CAPITOL VISITOR CENTER FOR AN EVENT TO CELEBRATE THE BIRTHDAY OF KING KAMEHAMEHA I 
Mr. WALKER. Madam Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on House Administration be dis-charged from further consideration of Senate Concurrent Resolution 3, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. 
The Clerk read the title of the con-
current resolution. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Ms. 
M
CSALLY ). Is there objection to the re-
quest of the gentleman from North Carolina? 
There was no objection. The text of the concurrent resolution 
is as follows: 
S. C ON. RES. 3 
Resolved by the Senate (the House of Rep-
resentatives concurring), 
SECTION 1. USE OF EMANCIPATION HALL FOR 
EVENT TO CELEBRATE BIRTHDAY OF KING KAMEHAMEHA. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION .—Emancipation Hall in 
the Capitol Visitor Center is authorized to be used for an event on June 7, 2015, to celebrate the birthday of King Kamehameha I. 
(b) P
REPARATIONS .—Physical preparations 
for the conduct of the event described in sub-section (a) shall be carried out in accordance with such conditions as may be prescribed by the Architect of the Capitol. 
The concurrent resolution was con-
curred in. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
GENERAL LEAVE 
Mr. WALKER. Madam Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days in which to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous materials on Senate Concurrent Resolution 3. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from North Carolina? 
There was no objection. 
f 
RECOGNIZING AMERICAN STROKE 
MONTH 
(Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Madam Speak-
er, I rise today to remind us that May is American Stroke Month. 
According to the American Heart As-
sociation, stroke is the leading cause of disability in the United States. In fact, one out of every six people will suffer from a stroke in his or her lifetime, yet 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:06 May 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18MY7.048 H18MYPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3296 May 18, 2015 
strokes are largely preventable and 
treatable. 
Small changes in diet and exercise 
can have an enormously positive im-pact on your heart health and help pre-vent a stroke. America’s amazing med-ical researchers and practitioners are also doing their part by pioneering new treatments that save lives every day. 
Finally, let’s remember these four 
letters, F-A-S-T: face drooping, arm weakness, speech difficulty, and it is time to call 911. If you or your loved one experience any of these symptoms, call 911. 
f 
MARKING THE 50TH ANNIVERSARY 
OF HEAD START 
(Mr. SCOTT of Virginia asked and 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Madam 
Speaker, 50 years ago today, President Lyndon B. Johnson announced from the White House Rose Garden that en-rollment would begin for an early childhood education program called Project Head Start. 
For the last half century, Head Start 
has been more than just an education program. It not only includes quality preschool but also critical support services, including family engagement, health services, and good nutrition. Studies have found that children in Head Start do better academically, have better behavior, and better health status than their peers. The program also saves more money than it costs by reducing teen pregnancy, high school dropouts, and the likelihood of incar-ceration. 
Madam Speaker, we know that Head 
Start works. As we mark the occasion of 50 years of one of the most success-ful early intervention programs, let us recommit ourselves to the ideal that all of our children have access to qual-ity preschool education, like Head Start. 
f 
PENNSYLVANIA AMERICAN LE-
GION’S EAGLE SCOUT OF THE YEAR 
(Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania 
asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
Madam Speaker, I rise today to con-gratulate 17-year-old Devin Anderson of Weedville, Pennsylvania, for being named the Pennsylvania American Le-gion’s Eagle Scout of the Year. Devin, who is a member of Kersey Troop 94, first joined the Boy Scouts after learn-ing about them during an assembly in the first grade. Since then, Devin has dedicated himself to church, school, scouting, and community and personi-fies all that an Eagle Scout should be. 
Mr. Speaker, I had the privilege of 
attending Devin’s Eagle Scout cere-mony back in November of 2012, and I knew right away, then and there, that this young man had a bright future 
ahead. Devin now advances to the na-tional level, where he will compete among 56 applicants to earn the cov-eted National Eagle Scout of the Year award. 
Like Devin’s parents, Joe and Karen 
Anderson, I am so proud of all of Devin’s accomplishments, and I wish him all the best as he competes for this national award. 
f 
125TH ANNIVERSARY, UA LOCAL 50 
OF NORTHERN OHIO 
(Ms. KAPTUR asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. KAPTUR. Madam Speaker, Mem-
bers of Congress attend many events. And over the weekend, I was very privi-leged to be a part of the 125th anniver-sary celebration of United Allied Trades, Local 50 Plumbers, Pipefitters, and Allied Trades in northern Ohio— 125 years of building America forward. 
Over 1,500 people came into this 
mammoth hall, and we remembered those who had come before us and had been a part of building, of plumbing, of pipefitting, of building America for-ward—in our refineries, in our nuclear power plants, in the natural gas lines that are laid. The power of America was before us in the hands and minds of those who have the skills to build for us. 
The training academy they have 
built at local 50 is probably the finest in the country, at least one of the fin-est. And I am just so proud of the younger men and women who are com-ing up in the trades. They have a de-cent wage. They can earn enough to join the middle class. They have retire-ment plans. They have health plans, in-cluding the one they built from scratch, serving thousands and thou-sands and thousands of people. 
Congratulations at 125 years to 
United Allied Trades Plumbers and Pipefitters Local 50 in Ohio. God bless you. You have blessed America. 
f 
RECOGNIZING RABBI HAROLD 
KRAVITZ 
(Mr. PAULSEN asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. PAULSEN. Madam Speaker, I 
rise to honor and recognize Minnesota Rabbi Harold Kravitz for his national leadership as chair of the board for MAZON: A Jewish Response to Hunger. 
As Rabbi Kravitz’s term as chair 
comes to an end, I want to thank him for the work he has done both in Min-nesota and across the country in the fight against poverty and for his work on child advocacy. 
He has received numerous awards for 
his efforts and for his leadership, in-cluding being named one of America’s Most Inspiring Rabbis by Jewish Daily Forward. However, it is more than awards, Madam Speaker, because any-one who has met Rabbi Kravitz will 
tell you, it is a passion that he has for the causes that he advocates for that brings his success. 
I wish Rabbi Kravitz success in mov-
ing forward and the best as he moves on to new endeavors, which I am sure will include many continued projects to make the world a better and safer and just place. His service and commit-ment to helping our community and the causes that he champions have made a significant difference, and we thank him for his tireless efforts. 
f 
HOUSTON ROCKETS 
(Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Madam Speaker, 
what about those Houston Rockets. 
In the 18th Congressional District, in 
the Toyota Center last night, we re-claimed the name Clutch City. Let me thank the young men of the Houston Rockets, the Rockets organization. For the first time in 18 years, the Rockets are in the Western Championship. 
Oh, I know that it is not the cham-
pionship of the National Basketball As-sociation, but it is really good for Houstonians. 
We had a rockin’ good time. For 
those who were able just to be on the streets, those who were inside the arena, those who were at various sites around the city, I watched my con-stituents have just a great amount of joy. 
It is my privilege to thank the own-
ers, the coach, and, yes, all of the team. We know there are great stars on the team. We know that they work as a team, and that is what makes the Houston Rockets great. 
I am here today saying, what about 
those Rockets, with a red coat on to salute the Houston Rockets and push them on tomorrow night to be cham-pions again. I thank them for being the right kind of role models for our young people and letting them know that aca-demics and sports go together. The Na-tional Basketball Association realizes the importance of young people having role models but young people staying in school, and they are staying focused on that. 
So I am rooting for the Houston 
Rockets. What about those Houston Rockets. Clutch City. 
f 
HONORING TRIPLE ACE COLONEL 
‘‘BUD’’ ANDERSON 
(Mr. L AMALFA asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. L
AMALFA. Madam Speaker, I 
am equally excited about the Golden State Warriors starting this week, but that is not why I am here tonight. 
Over the weekend, I had the oppor-
tunity to participate in a really great ceremony for a gentleman who is a World War II triple ace in Auburn, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:48 May 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18MY7.051 H18MYPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3297 May 18, 2015 
California, Colonel Bud Anderson. He 
dedicated so much to his community not just during the war but in all his efforts afterwards and leadership. 
Colonel Anderson, as a triple ace, 
helped as a cornerstone to keep the war effort against Germany by escorting fighters and bombers in for the impor-tant bombing run to help turn the tide in World War II against the German ef-fort to make war. So being able to honor him with so many of his friends and others showing up with P–51D Mus-tangs was a great, great tribute to him over the weekend. And this week as well he will be honored with the Con-gressional Gold Medal ceremony that will be taking place this Wednesday at 3 p.m. eastern time. I hope everybody will take that in. 
f 
THE URGENCY OF NOW: ADDRESS-
ING REFORM, ACCOUNTABILITY, EQUALITY, AND DIVERSITY 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. P
AYNE ) is recognized for 60 
minutes as the designee of the major-ity leader. 
Mr. PAYNE. Madam Speaker, I am 
glad to be joined by my colleague and friend, the gentlewoman from Illinois, Ms. R
OBIN KELLY . Thank you, Con-
gresswoman K ELLY , for joining me in 
coanchoring this Special Order hour to-night. Thank you also to the members of the Congressional Black Caucus and to all those watching from home. 
Madam Speaker, last month, Freddie 
Gray, a 25-year-old man Baltimore man, died in police custody from a spi-nal cord injury. His death, ruled a homicide, has drawn ongoing national attention to the increasingly frayed re-lations between police and commu-nities throughout the United States. 
Tonight we come together as a cau-
cus to address the urgent need to re-form our criminal justice system and promote police accountability and also to talk about many different issues of diversity in our Nation. 
Our Nation is at a crossroads. Failure 
to make meaningful reforms to our criminal justice system risks damaging relations between communities and po-lice beyond repair. But real common-sense reforms that enhance trans-parency, advance public safety, eradi-cate discrimination, and instill trust can create a system that works for all Americans. 
Currently, our law enforcement sys-
tem and criminal justice system aren’t working for African Americans and other minorities. As a result, a mean-ingful dialogue between law enforce-ment and the communities they are charged with protecting remains illu-sive. 
Tonight we will speak to the urgent 
need to reform our criminal justice and police systems so that we can breathe new life into the American promise of full equality and justice for all. With that, Madam Speaker, I yield to 
the gentlewoman from Illinois (Ms. K
ELLY ). 
Ms. KELLY of Illinois. I thank my 
friend from New Jersey for leading to-night’s Special Order hour. 
Madam Speaker, once again, the Con-
gressional Black Caucus has the oppor-tunity to discuss some of the many im-portant issues and challenges facing our Nation right now. I strongly be-lieve that our conversation here to-night is a critical discussion for the record as we continue the work of mak-ing our communities and country bet-ter. The urgency of now, addressing re-form, accountability, equality, and di-versity, that is quite a title, but what does it all mean in the context of our full discussion? 
b1930 
America is celebrated for being a 
melting pot, but I like to say a tossed salad or a stew, because in a stew or salad you don’t lose your identity, but you learn to live together in the same gravy or the same salad dressing. This Congress is, without a doubt, a true testament to the diverse people, per-sonalities, and communities that make this great Nation so great. 
But in these dynamic times, how can 
we ensure that our laws and policies are fully embracing our melting pot or our stew of a nation? How can we en-sure that we make this great Union even more perfect? It starts with hold-ing ourselves accountable in just a myriad of respects on the economic front, with respect to our justice sys-tem, in appreciating our diversity and inclusion for all Americans. I look for-ward to a fruitful conversation on this and thank my coanchor, Representa-tive P
AYNE . 
I did want to acknowledge the Diver-
sity Dinner that we had last week. These days we hear so much about the toxic partisan atmosphere in Congress, titles like ‘‘How Congress Became So Partisan’’ in The Washington Post to Nick Gass at Politico’s piece, ‘‘This Graphic Shows How America’s Par-tisan Divide Grew.’’ The reports of Congress’ hyperpartisanship are abun-dant. The reports point to the loss of camaraderie and friendship amongst colleagues across the aisle. This per-ception undoubtedly contributes to our dismal 15 percent approval rating. 
Since my time as a State legislator 
in the Illinois statehouse, I have been hosting Diversity Dinners to grow friendships and nurture collegial work-ing relations among legislators who may not otherwise interact. Tonight as we discuss equality and diversity, I want to reflect on what I see as encour-aging in bridging differences and un-derstanding in different communities. 
Last week I hosted, along with other 
Members, my second annual congres-sional Diversity Dinner. Forty Mem-bers of Congress from both parties, in-cluding Members from both Republican and Democratic leadership, showed up and enjoyed a meal with their col-leagues. During the dinner, we weren’t 
Democrats or Republicans; we were colleagues with some great stories to share. At this year’s dinner, I saw a mi-crocosm of our Nation, a crowd made up of Members from coast to coast with truly diverse backgrounds coming to-gether to enjoy each other’s company. 
If we can put aside our partisan 
blinders to break bread together, I am confident we can find ways to work to-gether. That is what America wants and needs, and that type of leadership is the kind of leadership we deserve. 
Today we have an opportunity to cel-
ebrate diversity and show that biparti-sanship can thrive in Congress. In re-cent months we have seen the trust be-tween political parties, law enforce-ment, and communities across the Na-tion spike. Now is the time for us to come together to address the reforms needed to rebuild this trust. Let’s show the American people that we are a di-verse body that won’t let party lines divide us or define us. 
Mr. PAYNE. I would like to thank 
the gentlewoman for her thoughtful comments. 
Madam Speaker, it is true, we have 
come to a point in this Nation where one side has gone to one corner and the other side has gone to another corner not to meet in the middle to solve issues and problems. There was a time when this great body would com-promise. You didn’t get everything you wanted, and I didn’t get everything I wanted. So that means we com-promised and came to a decision. 
The gentlewoman also makes a good 
point about working with Members on the other side of the aisle. The gentle-woman from Arizona, the Speaker pro tempore this evening, has become a great collaborator with myself on the Homeland Security Subcommittee which she chairs, and we have worked extensively together on legislation that we both support. We need more of that. We need more of that to happen. We need to take the time to hear each other, to listen, and to see where we don’t agree on everything but there are common threads that we can build and bind together. 
So with that, I am proud to see her 
sitting in that chair. I get to sit next to her in committee, so it puts me clos-er to the Speaker’s chair, and I feel privileged for that. 
Right now, I yield to the gentle-
woman from Texas, the Honorable S
HEILA JACKSON LEE. She is one of the 
most thoughtful Members of the United States House of Representa-tives. She hails from Houston, Texas, and she always has great words of wis-dom, thoughts, and ideas on the issues that we face in this great Nation. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Madam Speaker, 
I think by the spirit and the tone of this Special Order we can see that there is hope and a pathway for col-laboration. 
Let me thank Mr. P
AYNE , who has 
evidenced those collaborative efforts 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:48 May 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18MY7.053 H18MYPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3298 May 18, 2015 
through his leadership on homeland se-
curity and successful leadership, pass-ing any number of legislative initia-tives in a bipartisan manner. I also am delighted to join Congresswoman R
OBIN 
KELLY . And she is right. She had a very 
successful Diversity Dinner last week, and I am sure it outdid the one the year before, and there was a lot of cross-pollination, good feelings, and discussions about very important issues. 
We found that America is a diverse 
nation, and we are happy when we have the ability to understand each other’s cultures or understand the background that each of us have come from. Our own neighborhoods make us different, our own faith modes are different, our family members’ mode is different, where we went to school. Yet in this place, the American people ask us, as both Mr. P
AYNE and Ms. K ELLY are say-
ing today, to walk a pathway of bipar-tisanship, but really towards success. So allow me just briefly to comment on one or two points regarding diversity. 
I would highlight that one of the 
areas is where I formerly served as a member of the Science, Space, and Technology Committee. In years past, we have gathered around science, tech-nology, engineering, and math, and we have gathered around transportation infrastructure. I hope in our words to-night that we will find a way to forge a way forward for transportation infra-structure, because every one of us needs not only good roads, highways, 
and dams, but we need good public transportation, as evidenced by the heinous and unacceptable tragedy last week with Amtrak. 
I might add that I am a space chau-
vinist, a NASA supporter. Many cen-ters are around the Nation. It is a job creator, as is infrastructure, and I would hope that we would write a bill and have Republicans and Democrats support the value of human space ex-ploration. What a pathway for biparti-sanship. We haven’t gone that way, Madam Speaker, but I am hoping that the words we offer tonight will see us do that. 
Let me focus on my last point and in-
dicate that we have a moment, a sig-nificant moment in history. This is a great cause, and that cause is to find a pathway for criminal justice reform. Yesterday marked the 61st anniversary of the landmark decision in Brown v. Board of Education, a decision that overruled the separate but equal doc-trine of Plessy v. Ferguson and gave needed momentum for the fight for re-form, equality, and diversity in our Na-tion’s schools and, I would say, society at large. 
Many communities are waiting for 
that kind of evenhandedness in justice in the criminal justice system. This does not mean that we throw targets at our friends in law enforcement. It means that we find ways for there to be an acceptance that we all can stand improvement, correction, enhance-ment, educational opportunities, tac-tics, and training. There is no shame to any of that. As I stood with our officers and fami-
lies who were on the grounds of the Capitol on May 15, as I joined them for the police memorial for those who had fallen in duty, there were faces from all backgrounds, and we were singularly noting the tragedy of lost officers. At the same time as we mourn those offi-cers, we know that there are officers who will look to work with us as we move this criminal justice system along. 
I would just like to acknowledge that 
as we do so, we can find bipartisanship, because the cost of incarceration, for example, is almost prohibitive. Madam Speaker, $75 billion is spent on local, State, and Federal incarceration. We have the largest percentage, 2 million people, incarcerated across America. 
We can do better, and part of that is 
expanding community-oriented polic-ing, building trust, a bill that I intro-duced, H.R. 59, that would create a pathway for ensuring that commu-nities feel that they are being pro-tected but not feel differently that they are being, if you will, put in a cer-tain category to be utilized as a basis for revenue raising in our commu-nities. 
Then we heard FBI Director Comey, 
and I agree with him. The science of doing a better job is data and statis-tics. So I introduced the CADET bill, Collection and Analysis of Data to Educate and Train Law Enforcement Officers. What it simply means is give them the numbers, the statistics, to know how they can do a better job at planning, going forward, how they po-lice. Let there be information for us to be able to design the right kind of po-licing tactics that work for law en-forcement and for the community. It is right out of the FBI Director’s play-book. He said that we are operating without data, without statistics, and, frankly, that is not what we should be doing. 
Tomorrow we will be holding a hear-
ing on the issue of police account-ability and gaining the facts in the Ju-diciary Committee, but there is much more for us to do. For example, what are the educational requirements? What are the various resources used for mental health? And psychological needs and training and nonviolent con-flict resolution received by police forces, police officers, the feasibility and emphasis of making greater use of the technological devices, such as body cameras. But I want more technology, laptops. Many law enforcement have laptops. We might need to move to iPads to be able to give them quicker response times and quicker support systems, to be able to ensure that we have the right tools to work together. 
And yes, you cannot breathe life into 
the reform of a criminal justice system if you do not have a component dealing with our youth, so I have introduced, of course, the Juvenile Accountability Block Grant Reauthorization bill and the antibullying Bullying Prevention and Intervention Act to be able to ad-dress a sort of a cause and a release for our young people. Madam Speaker, I would offer to say that there is much 
work that we can do. We will be look-ing at the legislation that many people have passed. 
I want to conclude on this note, to 
simply acknowledge the ranking mem-ber, J
OHN CONYERS , on the Judiciary 
Committee that wants to join together with me to embrace the legislative ini-tiatives of our Members to get the right kind of omnibus bill going for-ward for the American public to see criminal justice reform. I want to thank my colleagues for allowing me these comments and, as well, the bipar-tisan approach that you have taken. 
Madam Speaker, yesterday marked the 61st 
anniversary of the landmark decision in Brown v. Board of Education, the decision that over-ruled the ‘‘separate but equal doctrine’’ of Plessey v. Ferguson and gave needed mo-mentum to the fight for reform, equality, and diversity in our nation’s schools and society at large. 
Although much progress has been made in 
narrowing the gap between the nation’s found-ing ideals and the objective reality, recent events demonstrate that we still have a ways to go before the dream of the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. is realized in the areas of criminal justice reform, economic opportunity, and workplace diversity. 
CRIMINAL JUSTICE REFORM  
Madam Speaker, the problems revealed by 
several of the more notorious incidents involv-ing the use of lethal force against unarmed citizens that have captured the attention of the nation over the past several months require a national response because the problems iden-tified are not isolated or limited to one region of the country. 
For example, the death of 43 year-old Eric 
Garner resulting from the application of a NYPD police chokehold occurred in the North-east and the death of 18 year-old Michael Brown and the resulting events in Ferguson occurred in the border state of Missouri. 
The killing of 12 year-old Tamir Rice by a 
Cleveland police officer occurred in the Mid-west and death of unarmed 26 year-old Jor-dan Baker by an off-duty Houston police offi-cer occurred in Texas. 
In Phoenix, Arizona, Rumain Brisbon, an 
unarmed black father of four, was shot to death when a police officer allegedly mistook his bottle of pills for a gun. 
In Pasadena, California 19 year-old Kendrec 
McDade was chased and shot seven times by two police officers after a 911 caller falsely re-ported he had been robbed at gunpoint by two black men, neither of whom in fact was armed. 
And, of course, on April 4, the conscience of 
the nation was shocked by the horrifying killing of 50 year-old Walter Scott by a North Charleston police officer in the southern state of South Carolina. 
Madam Speaker, while the problem is na-
tional in scope, it appears to affect dispropor-tionately and adversely a particular demo-graphic group: African American males. 
Because all lives matter in our great nation, 
it is imperative that we in Congress act swiftly and decisively to focus much needed attention and resources on legislative proposals in-tended to address the problem of misuse of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:06 May 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K18MY7.054 H18MYPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3299 May 18, 2015 
lethal force by law enforcement and to rebuild 
the public trust and confidence needed to en-sure that law enforcement receive and main-tain the support of the communities they serve and protect. 
As Ranking Member of the Judiciary Com-
mittee’s Subcommittee on Crime, Terrorism, Homeland Security, and Investigations, I note that there are several promising legislative criminal justice reform initiatives that have been introduced and are worthy of consider-ation. 
Among them are H.R. 59, the ‘‘Build TRUST 
in Municipal Law Enforcement Act of 2015’’ (Rept. J
ACKSON LEE); H.R. 1459, the Democ-
racy Restoration Act of 2015 (Rep. C ONYERS ); 
H.R. 1810, the ‘‘Collection and Analysis of Data to Educate and Train Law Enforcement Officers’’ (‘‘CADET Act’’); H.R. 920, the ‘‘Smarter Sentencing Act of 2015’’ (Rept. L
AB-
RADOR ); and S. 675, the ‘‘Record 
Expungement Designed to Enhance Employ-ment Act of 2015’’ (REDEEM Act) (Sens. P
AUL 
and B OOKER ). 
Madam Speaker, earlier this year FBI Direc-
tor James Comey delivered a remarkable speech at Georgetown University in which he laid out several hard truths about the adminis-tration of the criminal justice system and state of community policing in our country. 
One of the hardest truths discussed by Di-
rector Comey is the fact we have limited infor-mation and inadequate data regarding the scope and extent of the problems endemic in the criminal justice system. 
This lack of information hampers the ability 
of policymakers and administrators at the fed-eral, state, and local level to identify and im-plement laws, policies, and practices to rem-edy identified problems. 
The Judiciary Committee should imme-
diately conduct hearings to educate the Con-gress and the public on the nature and extent of deficiencies in the nation’s criminal justice systems and the efficacy of proposed solu-
tions. 
Specifically, hearings should be held to in-
vestigate practices and policies governing: 1. the use of lethal force by state and local police departments; 2. educational requirements, mental health and psychological evaluations, and training in non-violent conflict resolution received by veteran law enforcement officers and new recruits; and 3. the feasibility and ef-ficacy of making greater use of technological devices such as body cameras. 
A fourth area to be explored is the state of 
the social science research in the academic study of criminal justice reform because there is much the Committee can learn by engaging leading experts in the field regarding the state of knowledge in their respective disciplines. 
Madam Speaker, reforming the criminal jus-
tice system so that it dispenses justice impar-tially and equally to all persons is one of the most important challenges facing this Con-gress. 
And it is a goal that can be achieved if we 
work together in a spirit of goodwill and bipar-tisan cooperation. 
There are few things we can do that will 
provide a greater service to our nation. 
JOBS AND ECONOMIC OPPORTUNITY  
Madam Speaker, the current unemployment 
rate for African Americans is 9.6%, this is nearly twice of the 4.7% unemployment rate of white Americans. 
African American children between the age 
of 16 and 19 have an unemployment rate of 27.5% whereas the unemployment rate for 
white teenagers of the same age is 14.5%. 
The median African American (34,600) 
household income is nearly 24,000 less than the median income for White Americans’ household. 
African Americans are almost 3 times more 
likely to live in poverty than white Americans. 
Madam Speaker, although the unemploy-
ment rate has decreased over the past year, a significant race-gap still remains. 
WORKPLACE DIVERSITY  
Workplace diversity is critical to an organi-
zation’s success and competitiveness. 
Workplace Diversity allows for an increased 
adaptability, broader service range, a variety of viewpoints, and more effective execution. 
Madam Speaker, with an increasingly global 
economy, the workforce has become more di-verse, and an organizations success depends on its ability to manage diversity. 
That is why, for example, introduced an 
amendment that was adopted by the House to H.R. 4899, the ‘‘Lowering Gasoline Prices to Fuel an America that Works Act of 2014,’’ to include legislation establishing an Interior De-partment Office of Energy Employment and Training charged with working with minority- serving educational institutions and other to expand the numbers and diversity of persons from across the voluntary with the skills and qualifications needed to take advantage of the exciting and rewarding opportunities that American energy industry has to offer and to keep America the world leaders in emerging energy technologies. 
I also introduced H.R. 70, the ‘‘Deficit Re-
duction, Job Creation, and Energy Security Act,’’ that requires the Secretary to establish an office of Energy Employment and Training and an Office of Minority and Women Inclu-sion responsible for all matters of the Depart-ment of the Interior relating to diversity in management, employment, and business ac-tivities. 
I also introduced, and the House adopted, 
an amendment to H.R. 4923, ‘‘Energy and Water Development and Related Agencies Ap-propriations Act for FY 2015,’’ that increased funding for the Office of Economic Impact and Diversity by $500,000 to provide grants to Mi-nority Serving Institutions to expand STEM programs and opportunities. 
Mr. PAYNE. I really appreciate the 
always thoughtful and timely remarks by the gentlewoman from Texas. 
Madam Speaker, at this time I yield 
to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. S
ES-
SIONS ), a gentleman who has served 
this House with distinction. He served with my father, and now I have the great opportunity to work with him. 
Mr. SESSIONS. Madam Speaker, I 
want to thank the gentleman from New Jersey. In fact, he did refer to the rela-tionship that I had with D
ONPAYNE , a 
young Congressman from New Jersey who, in fact, engaged me as a new Member in the Caribbean Caucus. Dur-ing that period of time that I engaged with the Congressman’s father, we tried to pay attention to the Carib-bean, as some would say, a gateway to the United States of America, but a land of a number of islands of people who are not only most accommodating to the United States of America, but really thoughtful in ingenuity involved in the people of the Caribbean. b1945 
I found through the relationship that 
I had with then-Congressman P
AYNE , 
as he was co-chairman of the Caribbean Caucus, I learned the things that he tried to teach me about not only peo-ple, but about a relationship with the United States of America. 
I do miss Don. I want to thank the 
gentleman for not only knowing that, but acknowledging that. I want to thank the gentleman for yielding time to me to file the rule. 
I thank the gentleman. Mr. PAYNE. I would like to thank 
the gentleman from Texas who, as I said, has had a distinguished career to this point and will continue to show great leadership in this House of Rep-resentatives, and I thank him for his friendship. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. PAYNE. Madam Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on the subject of my Special Order tonight. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from New Jersey? 
There was no objection. Mr. PAYNE. Madam Speaker, we 
heard a common thread about diver-sity. At the bottom of the Statue of Liberty, there are words on it and it says: ‘‘Give me your tired, your poor, your huddled masses yearning to breathe free.’’ 
That has allowed many diverse peo-
ple come here and look for the freedom that this Nation can extend to you and prosper. We need to continue that great tradition. 
I hear a lot these days about the bor-
ders and eliminating pathways to come here, and that has not been our tradi-tion, so I do not believe, at this point in time in this Nation’s history, that we should talk that way, or else, we should remove those words from the bottom of Lady Liberty. 
Equality and diversity is the center 
of criminal justice concerns. The in-equality force is distrust which erodes relationships between police and com-munities. Baltimore and other police- related tragedies over the past year speak to the broader challenges. 
Unfortunately, racial discrimination 
persists throughout our Nation, under-cutting the gains of African Americans in their communities. 
As we work to reform our criminal 
justice system, we must also work in support of equality in all context. This is the only way to fully meet the needs of our communities. 
As a caucus, the Congressional Black 
Caucus is committed to ensuring that the increasing diversity of the Nation is reflected in American business. To that end, we will make sure that Amer-ican businesses receive the government contracts and tax preferences and tak-ing concrete steps to improve diversity in efforts at all levels. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:06 May 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18MY7.038 H18MYPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3300 May 18, 2015 
Diversity in the workforce means di-
versity in all sectors, including tech-nology industries where there is a lack of African Americans. We need to en-gage the tech center in increasing Afri-can American representation and in-clusion in the industry. 
The American promise that we all 
are created equal must guide our ef-forts at all levels, from policing in our communities, to expanding opportuni-ties for minorities in the workforce. 
Madam Speaker, there has to be bal-
ance in everything. We see the issues that towns such as Ferguson and Balti-more and Long Island, New York, have suffered with the tragedies of losing people in those communities, but we also know that police organizations have a difficult job, and they are trained to protect and serve. We must make sure that that is the goal, to pro-tect and serve. 
Unfortunately, at times, we find cir-
cumstances or situations where they are in a position where they are not protecting and serving, but more like an occupying force. That is not what we need from our law enforcement offi-cers. 
We need for them to engage in the 
community and understand what is going on in that community and have a good enough relationship that, when and if there is a circumstance where they need information, that the com-munity feels comfortable enough to go to them with the information they need in order to serve the issue. 
There is good and bad in everyone, 
Madam Speaker. There are good public servants and bad public servants; there are good teachers and bad teachers; there are good speakers and bad speak-ers, poor speakers, but, when it comes to law enforcement, we need to have them serve the community. 
I stand here to say I thank them for 
the difficult task that they have every single day, to go into the community, and their families say good-bye to them and hope they return from that shift that evening. I don’t take it light-ly. 
There is enough responsibility on all 
sides, from law enforcement and from the community, that has a responsi-bility to law enforcement, but we need to continue to strive to make this a more perfect union. 
Madam Speaker, I yield to the gen-
tlewoman from Illinois (Ms. K
ELLY ). 
Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Thank you, 
Congressman P AYNE . I did want to say 
to Madam Speaker, I appreciate you participating in the Diversity Dinners last week. I can’t have Congressman P
AYNE have a one-up on me, so thank 
you so much. I really appreciate it. 
As we continue our conversation on 
accountability, equality, and diversity, I would like to offer some statistics on our economy 50 years ago and today with respect to the African American community and women. 
In 1965, African American jobseekers 
could be denied employment based on the color of their skin; and, when they could find jobs, they were dispropor-
tionately paid less than White males in the same position. In fact, in 1965, the Black unemployment rate was 8.1 per-cent, almost twice the national unem-ployment rate which stood at 4.5 per-cent. 
Fifty years later, we have made great 
strides, and our Nation’s workforce is more diverse than ever, but we have much more work to do. Today, at 10.4 percent, the Black unemployment rate 
is still almost double the national un-employment rate of 5.6 percent. While it is significantly smaller, there is still a racial wage gap. 
The median African American house-
hold has less than two-thirds the in-come of the average White median household. In the past year, we have seen the greatest economic growth in decades. More and more women have been able to enter the workforce, re-ducing the employment rate among women to a 6-year low. 
Unfortunately, Black women have 
yet to reap the benefits of the eco-nomic rebound. In fact, while the over-all unemployment rate for women de-clined, the Black female unemploy-ment rate has increased over the past 2 months. According to a recent analysis by the National Women’s Law Center, the Black women’s unemployment rate is more than twice the unemployment rate of White women. 
Despite having comparable levels of 
education, Black women have had the highest unemployment rate of any other group. A possible factor in the stubborn unemployment rate for Black women is that we are disproportion-ately employed in the public sector, which is experiencing a much slower recovery than the private sector. 
NWLC said the stagnant job situa-
tion for Black women is a ‘‘red flag’’ in the employment landscape and urged lawmakers to act to promote a strong-er, more widely shared recovery. I couldn’t agree more. 
We need to invest more in job train-
ing and retraining programs that help Black women adapt to the changing workforce and prepare for the careers of tomorrow. We must work to promote diversity in hiring and encourage em-ployers to model their workforces on the communities in which they oper-ate. 
As we look for ways to help increase 
diversity in the workplace and help women succeed, we must be mindful of the unique challenges Black women face and develop targeted policies that help level the playing field for all women. 
These facts I have just covered point 
to the systemic problems. We need to address them today. It should be our mission today to see to it that in 50 
years, when lawmakers stand here, they will proudly be touting the progress our Nation has made because all Americans are paid equally and no is discriminated against in the work-place. 
As chair of the Congressional Black 
Caucus Health Braintrust, I am work-ing to address our Nation’s health eq-
uity gap by exploring legislative and policy initiatives to reduce minority health disparities and promote better health outcomes for all Americans. 
With respect to the African American 
community, the health disparity gap is particularly wide as Blacks have high rates of many adverse health condi-tions. Across the medical spectrum— from cancer to diabetes, from hyper-tension to stroke—Blacks are over-represented and often undertreated. 
A major barrier to African Ameri-
cans getting the medical care they need is the lack of African American doctors in their communities. Studies show that African Americans are more comfortable seeking treatment from doctors who look like them and are much more likely to adhere to courses of treatment prescribed by Black doc-tors; yet, while African Americans comprise 13 percent of the U.S. popu-lation, we represent only 4 percent of the physician workforce, according to the Association of American Medical Colleges’ 2014 diversity in the physician workforce report. 
The infamous Tuskegee study fos-
tered an enduring legacy of mistrust of the medical establishment in the Afri-can American community that makes diversity in medicine vital to closing the health disparities gap. 
In order to achieve health equity, we 
must work to create a physician work-force that reflects our Nation. One key way to do that is to encourage more African Americans to pursue education and training in science, technology, en-gineering, and math. Congress must do more to support investments in STEM education and to create avenues of ac-cess for African American students to enter the STEM fields. 
In my district, I launched the Second 
Congressional District STEM Academy to expose students to STEM fields in hopes of encouraging them to pursue STEM-related careers. 
Also, a STEM workforce made up of 
diverse ranks is crucial to future inno-vation. To help in that mission, folks across the country and in Silicon Val-ley have taken note. I know Facebook has sought to change the face of inno-vation through efforts like their Facebook Academy and Facebook Uni-versity, which target high school and college students from underrepresented groups. 
Similar to my STEM Academy, it is 
good to see them making an effort to build a pipeline and introduce women and people of color to jobs in STEM— which, of course, could be IT, engineer-ing—and hopefully, more young people decide to become doctors, and they can work in African American commu-nities or underserved communities. 
A medical student population that 
reflects our country’s population will create a pipeline of diverse doctors to our communities which will, in turn, put all Americans on track to live a healthier life. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:48 May 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18MY7.057 H18MYPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3301 May 18, 2015 
I turn back to my colleague from 
New Jersey, Congressman D ONALD  
PAYNE . 
Mr. PAYNE. Thank you, Ms. K ELLY . 
We appreciate your comments. 
In closing, I would like to thank you 
for cohosting the Special Order on criminal justice reform, account-ability, and diversity. It is through these Special Orders that we are able to speak directly to our constituents about the valuable work the Congres-sional Black Caucus does to reduce in-justice and promote equality for all Af-rican American communities. 
Our criminal justice and police sys-
tems are in a state of crisis. Too often, under these systems, Black lives are treated as though they don’t matter. We saw this last month, when Balti-more’s Freddie Gray died in police cus-tody from a brutal spine injury. Such tragedies erode trust between our com-munities and the police. 
This problem is compounded by a 
wide range of factors, from disturbing gaps in incarceration rates to racial disparities in sentencing. We need a system that holds criminals account-able and protects law enforcement while, at the same time, ensuring the safety and equal treatment of all com-munities. 
This includes implementing police 
body cameras in order to promote transparency and accountability while deterring wrongdoing. 
b2000 
At the same time, we need to make 
sure that law enforcement officers don’t resort to discriminatory policing practices. 
It is undeniable that racial profiling 
remains an ongoing crisis in our Na-tion. There is a clear and growing need to ensure a robust and comprehensive Federal commitment to ending racial profiling by law enforcement agencies. The End Racial Profiling Act, which I proudly support, would do just that. It was constructed after a law in New Jer-sey, authored by my uncle, Assembly-man William Payne. It was the first ra-cial profiling law passed in the United States, a law of which I am very proud. I took that idea and brought it Fed-eral. 
Of course, real accountability means 
that we will, at times, need inde-pendent investigations of police-re-lated deaths. We are glad to see, fi-nally, Attorney General Lynch launch an investigation into the Baltimore Police Department, with the stated goal of assisting police departments across the country in developing their practices. In less than 1 month on the job, Attorney General Lynch is already making a difference, and we thank her for that. 
As we reflect on the dire need for the 
reform of our criminal justice system, we need to advance the cause of equal-ity in all contexts. This means expand-ing diversity in the workforce, in health, and in all aspects of life—from the mailroom to the boardroom, from the manufacturing industry to the 
technology sector. Many of these chal-lenges we face today are great, but as a caucus, we remain committed to solving them. 
Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. 
Madam Speaker, I rise today along with my colleagues of the Congressional Black Cau-cus, in support of today’s Special Order Hour: ‘‘The Urgency of Now: Addressing Reform, Accountability, Equality and Diversity.’’ As the conscience of the Congress since 1971, these issues are of paramount importance to the Congressional Black Caucus in the 114th Congress. 
There is a crisis in America—one that cen-
ters on criminal justice reform and law en-forcement accountability. Just over a month ago, Freddie Gray lost his life at the hands of the police in a city plagued by a weak econ-omy, high levels of crime, and a lack of good- paying jobs. While Baltimore is a city with a unique set of issues, its problems are common to many of America’s inner cities. The pres-sure to address, not only the police account-ability and criminal justice issues, but the con-text in which those issues arise, grows expo-nentially with each new tragedy. 
As we watch American cities battered, 
bruised and burned during demonstrative out-cries against injustice, I am reminded of the words of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. ‘‘We are now faced with the fact that tomorrow is today. We are confronted with the fierce urgency of now. In this unfolding conundrum of life and history, there ‘‘is’’ such a thing as being too late. This is no time for apathy or compla-cency. This is a time for vigorous and positive action.’’ These words are just as true today as they were when Dr. King delivered them at the 1963 March on Washington. 
Far too often, unarmed African American 
men die at the hands at police officers with lit-tle or no accountability. This reinforces the painful narrative that black life is not valued in this country. It is sad, yet very telling, that Americans celebrated when state officials an-nounced that criminal charges were being brought against the Baltimore police involved in Freddie Gray’s death. For too long, African- American communities nationwide felt as if no one could hear its cry. But the cries are not just the result of pain caused by police bru-tality. They are the result of a nation divided: one that grants access to quality healthcare to some, while denying it for others; one that pro-vides economic security for a privileged few, while denying opportunities to the poor and the middle class; one that seeks justice for the unwarranted taking of a human life; while ig-noring the rising death toll of American youth at the hands of police officers. 
We cannot view the situations in Baltimore 
and Ferguson as limited incidents; instead, we have to look at the toxic environments that birthed these situations of unrest. If we do not comprehensively address the systemic issues that plague cities like Baltimore, relations be-tween the people and its government will only grow worse. It is time that we honor the sa-cred truth of this nation—that all men are cre-ated equal, and demand equal justice. As we strive to become a more perfected union, it is imperative that the commitments of the Amer-ican system be applied to African-Americans, just as it is to every other American. Madam Speaker, the urgency of addressing these issues has reached its pinnacle. Congress must act. We must act swiftly, and we must 
act now. 
Mr. PAYNE. Madam Speaker, I yield 
back the balance of my time. 
f 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-
VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 1806, AMERICA COMPETES REAUTHORIZATION ACT OF 2015; PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 2250, LEGISLATIVE BRANCH APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2016; AND PROVIDING FOR CON-SIDERATION OF H.R. 2353, HIGH-WAY AND TRANSPORTATION FUNDING ACT OF 2015 
Mr. SESSIONS (during the Special 
Order of Mr. P
AYNE ) from the Com-
mittee on Rules, submitted a privi-leged report (Rept. No. 114–120) on the resolution (H. Res. 271) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 1806) to provide for technological innovation through the prioritization of Federal investment in basic research, funda-mental scientific discovery, and devel-opment to improve the competitive-ness of the United States, and for other purposes; providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 2250) making appropria-tions for the Legislative Branch for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 2353) to provide an extension of Federal-aid highway, highway safety, motor car-rier safety, transit, and other programs funded out of the Highway Trust Fund, and for other purposes, which was re-ferred to the House Calendar and or-dered to be printed. 
f 
THE PRESIDENT’S 2016 BUDGET 
REQUEST AND ENERGY POLICY FOR THE UNITED STATES 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the gentleman from Lou-isiana (Mr. G
RAVES ) is recognized for 60 
minutes as the designee of the major-ity leader. 
Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. Madam 
Speaker, I thank the House for the op-portunity to talk this evening about the 2016 President’s budget request and energy policy in this Nation. 
Madam Speaker, there are a number 
of energy programs in this Nation whereby public lands resources are leased and energy is produced on public lands and in the offshore waters of this Nation. 
As you can see here, this is a table 
that explains some of the different pro-grams that are out there today. 
Onshore, on Federal lands, when you 
produce Federal resources—or energy resources—like oil, gas, coal, and other resources, you can see that 50 percent of the funds from that energy produc-tion on Federal lands goes to the Fed-eral Government and that 50 percent goes to the States under the Mineral Leasing Act. There are no constraints whatsoever in regard to how those 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:48 May 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18MY7.058 H18MYPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3302 May 18, 2015 
States can spend those funds. So 50 per-
cent of the money from energy produc-tion on Federal lands goes directly to the States. 
Right here, of the 50 percent that 
goes to the Federal Government, 40 percent of that 50 percent—or 80 per-cent of the Federal funds—actually goes into what is called the reclama-tion fund to be used on water projects in the 17 Western States. In effect, 90 percent of the funds that are produced from energy production on Federal lands goes back and is invested, in many cases, in those same States where production occurs. There is one anomaly, and that is the State of Alas-ka, where 90 percent of the money goes back to the State with no strings at-tached whatsoever. 
You can see here on geothermal en-
ergy that 25 percent goes to the Fed-eral Government, and 50 percent goes to the State. Even the counties share in 25 percent of the revenue. For off-shore alternative energy, such as wind and wave energy and things along those lines, 27 percent of the revenues are shared with the adjacent States. 
I am going to come back to this one 
on oil and gas offshore, but I will just make note that there is an extraor-dinary disparity in regard to how these different resources are treated. 
I made reference to the Mineral Leas-
ing Act. Again, except for in the case of Alaska, when you produce energy on Federal lands, 50 percent of the money goes directly to those States. Of the offshore dollars, up to $900 million each year goes into what is called the Land and Water Conservation Fund, which all 50 States benefit from, for national parks, for urban parks, for play-grounds, and for wildlife refuges that the States manage. 
You have $150 million that goes into 
the Historic Preservation Fund to en-sure the preservation of historic build-ings. You have 27 percent in the 3-mile zone offshore of the 6 States that produce energy, and they get 27 percent under section 8(g) of the Outer Conti-nental Shelf Lands Act. Under the Gulf of Mexico Energy Security Act, you also have 12.5 percent of the revenues given to the Land and Water Conserva-tion Fund, and then remaining funds go to the General Treasury. 
Let me just recap this disparity here. If you are producing energy on Fed-
eral lands onshore, 50 percent of the money goes directly to the State with no strings attached; 40 percent of the money goes into the reclamation fund; and only 10 percent goes into the U.S. Treasury. If you are producing energy in the offshore, effectively, all of that money goes to the Federal Govern-ment. 
I will show you another poster here 
that demonstrates some of the dollars that have been given to States that produce offshore energy. 
You can see here, in the case of Alas-
ka—and this accounting mechanism came off of the Department of the Inte-rior’s Web site and from the Office of Natural Resources Revenue, and this 
pertains to different types of sales year data, so it will vary to some degree each year—that between 2009 and 2014, 97 percent of the funds that were gen-erated from energy production on Fed-eral revenues was returned to the State of Alaska. They received $158 million out of $163.6 million in revenue gen-erated on Federal lands. 
In the case of California, 52 percent 
of the money went to the State of Cali-fornia. It was over half a billion dollars during that time period. To give you an idea on some of these amazing figures, you can go to the State of Colorado, where they produced nearly $2 billion in energy production on Federal lands, and they received over $900 million with no strings attached. 
Madam Speaker, there are two ex-
traordinary ones. The State of New Mexico generated $5.5 billion in rev-enue between 2009 and 2014 from the production of energy on Federal lands. That State received $2.75 billion back, or approximately 50 percent. In the case of Wyoming, they produced $11.7 billion in revenue between 2009 and 2014 from energy production on Federal lands, and they received $5.8 billion— over $1 billion a year—with no strings attached whatsoever. 
I want to be clear that I think that is 
great. I think that is how Federal pol-icy should work. I think the revenues should be returned and shared with the States that host such energy produc-tion, but here is the incredible, abso-lutely indefensible comparison of what happens with offshore energy revenues. 
This shows you that, in 2009, less 
than 1 percent of revenues were re-turned to the States that produced off-shore energy. Those are the States of Texas, Louisiana, Mississippi, Ala-bama, California, and Alaska. Those States in 2009 generated over $5 billion in revenue for the U.S. Treasury. Those 6 States—and in some cases shared with counties and parishes—received only $30 million of that, or 0.56 percent. In 2010, they received 0.06 percent. In 2012, they produced $6.5 billion in rev-enue for the Federal Government from energy production offshore of the coasts of those States, and those 6 States in 2012, on $6.5 billion in rev-enue, shared only $837,000. Unbeliev-able—less than $100,000 per State. 
If you take overall the comparison 
between 2009 and 2014, approximately $41 billion in revenue was produced from offshore energy production, and less than $50 million of that, or 0.12 percent, was shared. In the case of on-shore energy, States, in some cases, are getting 90 percent of the revenues. In the case of offshore energy, the 6 States that produce all of this offshore energy are receiving 0.12 percent, not the 90 percent and not the 50 percent. They are receiving 0.12 percent. 
Madam Speaker, you have to ask: 
What roles do these six States play in our overall energy production? 
It is pretty amazing. With just 2 per-
cent of the offshore Outer Continental Shelf actually leased, the oil produc-
tion offshore accounts for 18 percent of all of the oil production in the United States. With just 2 percent of the Outer Continental Shelf offshore leased for energy production, that production is approximately 5 percent of the Na-tion’s natural gas production. For ex-ample, in 2014, it generated incredible numbers—$7.3 billion. This is one of the largest recurring nontaxed revenue streams that goes into the U.S. Treas-ury each year. 
To add insult to injury, I guess it 
would be five of the six States that produce offshore energy only have 3 miles of State waters, which means they only get 100 percent of revenues from State water energy production, which would be between zero and 3 miles offshore of their coasts. 
In the cases of Florida, which doesn’t 
produce energy, and the State of Texas, they actually have three times that— or 9 miles—of State waters. So you have disparity, and that onshore pro-duction gets 50 to 90 percent of the rev-enues. In the case of offshore produc-tion, the States only get 0.12 percent of the revenues to date, and you have the fact that the States of Louisiana, Mis-sissippi, Alabama, California, and Alas-ka only have 3 miles of State waters. In the cases of Texas and Florida, they have 3 marine leagues, or, roughly, 9 miles, of State waters. The disparity is unbelievable. 
This House has taken many efforts 
dating back decades ago, with some of the more recent ones in the mid-nine-ties, to try to rectify—to try to ad-dress—this disparity. Dating back to the mid-nineties, the Conservation and Reinvestment Act, known as CARA, brought together such diverse interests as those of Congressman D
ONYOUNG of 
Alaska and Congressman George Miller of California, who are two Members who, I am quite certain, agreed upon nothing except for this. It was really amazing to see this House pass legisla-tion bringing together everyone from the oil and gas community to the envi-ronmental community in order to en-sure that these resources were rein-vested back into coastal States that produced energy and back into ensur-ing that we conserve and protect our outdoors and opportunities for future generations. Unfortunately, that legis-lation, despite passing the House with a strong margin, didn’t pass in the Sen-ate. 
Rolling forward to the early 2000s, in 
2001, as I recall and I believe again in 2003, additional efforts included in the Energy Policy Act, during a conference report, passed the House of Representa-tives, once again, with a strong margin to share offshore energy revenues with the States of Louisiana, Mississippi, Alabama, California, Alaska, and those States that produced offshore energy. Unfortunately, those efforts died in the United States Senate. 
Then you roll forward to 2006. In 2006, 
the Gulf of Mexico Energy Security Act—in December of that year—was 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:48 May 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18MY7.060 H18MYPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3303 May 18, 2015 
enacted. What that did is that largely 
replicated an offer that President Tru-man made to the States decades ago whereby President Truman offered those States that produced offshore en-ergy 37
1⁄2percent of all of the revenues 
generated from energy production in Federal waters. Those States, appar-ently, turned down that offer from President Truman and asked for a higher share. Despite that being offered decades and decades ago, it was not until 2006 when Congress finally acted and enacted again what is known as the Gulf of Mexico Energy Security Act, which would share 37
1⁄2percent of 
revenues from new energy production. I want to be clear on that distinction— new energy production—which is en-ergy production that occurs prospec-tively after December of 2006. 
b2015 
It is not 37
1⁄2percent of all energy 
production. It is not 371⁄2percent of 
these numbers you see here, of the overall energy production, the billions of dollars. It is merely a fraction of that. So it is not anything close to par-ity with what happens for onshore rev-enues, but it is a start; and it is estab-lishing parity in onshore and offshore policy, and it is a movement in the right direction. 
Mr. Speaker, in the State of Lou-
isiana, we actually passed a constitu-tional amendment with an amazing margin that dedicated every penny of those revenues from the Gulf of Mexico Energy Security Act, GOMESA, here, dedicated every penny of it to hurri-cane protection and coastal restora-tion, to making our coastal commu-nities and our coastal ecosystem more resilient, ensuring that we don’t see a repeat of what we all witnessed from Hurricane Katrina, where in our home State of Louisiana we had over 1,200 of our brothers and sisters, of our neigh-bors, of our friends, of our coworkers lose their lives—over 1,200. 
Hurricanes Katrina and Rita in 2005 
caused or resulted in gasoline price spikes nationwide to the tune of 75 cents a gallon—nationwide average. And again in 2008 we saw price spikes $1.40 a gallon on average in the 50 States—$1.40—constituting the largest price spike in gasoline since the Arab oil embargo. 
Mr. Speaker, you may be wondering 
the reason I am here tonight. The rea-son I am here tonight is to talk about the President’s budget request. This year, when the President submitted his budget request, he submitted a request where he proposes to withdraw the Gulf of Mexico Energy Security Act, to withdraw the pittance—or in 2014, the $8.6 million—that was split among the four Gulf States that produce offshore energy, trying to prevent that from ever happening again. 
In the President’s budget request he 
says: This proposal generates $5.6 bil-lion in savings over 10 years through legislative reform proposals, including oil and gas management reforms to en-courage diligent development of Fed-
eral energy resources while improving the return to taxpayers from relative reforms. 
Well, let’s talk about that for a 
minute. He says that it is going to gen-erate savings. He says that its manage-ment reforms on oil and gas production are going to encourage diligent devel-opment. Mr. Speaker, by withdrawing revenue sharing and potentially dis-couraging offshore energy production, that is not encouraging diligent devel-opment. It results in us having to im-port more energy from other nations. 
I remind you, nations like Venezuela, 
nations like Nigeria and many coun-tries in Africa and the Middle East that don’t share America’s values, we are sending hundreds of billions of dol-lars to those countries. In 2011, over one-half of this Nation’s trade deficit was attributable to importing energy from other nations. That effectively is sending jobs. It is sending hundreds of billions of dollars to those other coun-tries that in many cases are taking those same dollars and using them against the United States’ interests around the globe. It doesn’t encourage diligent development of Federal energy resources, as the President’s budget re-quest suggests. 
They also say that it improves the 
return to taxpayers. I am struggling with how this improves the return to taxpayers whenever study after study is crystal clear that proactive invest-ment in things like coastal restoration, hurricane protection, hazard mitiga-tion investments, according to the CBO it returns $3 for every $1 invested; ac-cording to a FEMA study, it returns $4 in cost savings for every $1 invested; and many, many others have estimated that the cost savings are multiple times that. 
Now, what is incredible to me, when 
we had the Secretary of the Interior, who I asked for a meeting, I believe it was, on February 4, and here we are on May 18 and we still have not been able to get that meeting, including offering to meet with the Deputy Secretary or anyone else who can speak intel-ligently on this issue. I will take the receptionist, if you are watching. We have asked for that meeting. 
In their budget request, it specifi-
cally says this cut has been identified as a lower priority program activity for purpose of the GPRA Modernization Act. Now, that is the Government Per-formance Results Act. So I said: Well, wow, they did an evaluation. So let’s go ahead and ask the Secretary, Madam Secretary, could you explain to me how you did an evaluation and what the outcome of that was? 
Well, her first response was: What is 
GPRA? 
Well, this is in her budget request, 
and she asked me what GPRA was, de-spite the fact that it said they did an analysis and it determined that it was a low-priority program. After I ex-plained it, they were unable to answer the question. I asked if they would provide us their 
calculation here to show how it is a lower priority program and how it may compare with other onshore programs. Of course, here we are months later, and you will be shocked to learn that we still have not received that infor-mation that simply doesn’t exist. 
Politics, Mr. Speaker, at its best. Un-
believable. 
You can’t justify it from a policy per-
spective; you can’t justify it from a fi-nancial perspective; you can’t justify it from a resiliency perspective; you can’t justify it from an environmental per-spective. Absolutely incredible. 
In fact, Mr. Speaker, I would like to 
read a quote here from the Environ-mental Defense Fund, from the Na-tional Wildlife Federation, and from the National Audubon Society, where they note, let’s see: ‘‘This proposed budget undercuts the administration’s previous commitments to restore crit-ical economic infrastructure and eco-systems in the Mississippi River Delta, where we are losing 16 square miles of critical wetlands every year—a pre-ventable coastal erosion crisis.’’ 
‘‘We urge Congress to fund the Presi-
dent’s commitments to coastal restora-tion and conservation by maintaining GOMESA funding that is vital to the Gulf Coast and by identifying addi-tional funding for . . . other prior-ities.’’ 
That is a quote from the environ-
mental community. This is the admin-istration, I guess, attempting to win accolades from the environmental com-munity, who turned around and criti-cized him for that. 
Now, the irony goes even further in 
that in 2013, Secretary Jewell actually sends out a press release saying how great these dollars that are being shared are. It talks about how these revenues were distributed to State, local, and Federal tribes to support critical reclamation, conservation, and other projects. So here they are taking credit for it, saying how great it is, and then they come back and make an about-face that they can’t explain, jus-tify, can’t even meet on, and haven’t even been able to provide any docu-mentation as to how they came to their decision. 
In December of 2014, once again a 
press release from the Department of the Interior giving all sorts of acco-lades to themselves for sharing these revenues and all the great investments that they will result in, yet in the fis-cal year 2016 budget request we have seen them attempt to withdraw those dollars. 
Now, what is interesting in the press 
release, the administration said that this should be done because these re-sources, these public resources, these energy resources offshore, should be shared by all Americans. Well, okay, let’s talk about that. 
As we noted here, for onshore produc-
tion, 50 percent of the money goes to the Federal Government, but of that, 80 percent of this actually is returned 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:48 May 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18MY7.062 H18MYPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3304 May 18, 2015 
back to the States; 50 percent goes di-
rectly to the States with no strings at-tached. So the Federal Government only gets 10 percent. The Federal Gov-ernment only gets 10 percent, yet they didn’t cut this program. 
So I am struggling with how they 
have determined that these resources should be shared with all Americans, yet they are only doing it for this one program and leaving this other pro-gram entirely intact. Once again, the disparity cannot be defended. 
Let’s go ahead and take their idea 
that resources should be shared with all Americans, and let’s apply it to other Federal resources. What about a national park? What about a national wildlife refuge? What about some BLM land somewhere? 
These facilities that charge entrance 
fees, they take all those dollars, and they give it right back to that park. The State of Louisiana doesn’t get any of it. It goes back to the park. We don’t get any disparate benefit from that. The State that hosts the national park and hosts the national wildlife refuge, it benefits from that in the form of tourism and economic activity and a place for their citizens to recreate. Ex-plain to me that disparity. Once again, it simply can’t be done. 
Mr. Speaker, I want to make note of 
the problem in coastal Louisiana and why it is so critical that these dollars be invested, that the Gulf of Mexico Energy Security Act be continued. In coastal Louisiana, prior to the Federal Government building levees on the Mississippi River, the Atchafalaya River, and our coastal region of the State, the State of Louisiana was growing to the tune of three-quarters of a square mile per year, on average. Our State was accreting; it was grow-ing in land. 
When the Corps of Engineers came in 
and built levees on our river system, we immediately went from growing, or accreting, to losing land. In some dec-ades, we have lost an average of 16 square miles per year. In other decades, we have lost closer to 26 or 28 square miles per year. In 2005, we lost nearly 200 square miles of our coast per year. To add it all up, the total figure, we have lost 1,900 square miles of our State since the 1930s. To put it in com-parison, if the State of Rhode Island lost 1,900 square miles, the State of Rhode Island wouldn’t exist anymore. If the State of Delaware lost 1,900 square miles, it would consist only of its inland waters. Nineteen hundred square miles is an extraordinary amount of land. Then to watch this ad-ministration come out and say: You know what? We are going to propose this new waters of the U.S. definition, because waters of the United States are so important and wetlands are so im-portant to us, we have got to protect them. Yet the Federal Government is causing the greatest wetlands loss in the United States—prospective, ongo-ing, and historic—the Federal Govern-ment, the same agency, the Corps of Engineers, that actually is supposed to 
be enforcing wetlands laws. 
So the State of Louisiana said, yes, 
we are going to take these dollars whenever they finally begin flowing in some degree in 2017 and 2018, we are going to take those dollars and we are going to invest them. We are going to protect them by constitutional amend-ment. We are going to complement them with billions of dollars and other State-controlled spending, and we are going to invest them in making the coast of Louisiana more resilient, mak-ing our communities more resilient, making the economy of this Nation more resilient. 
I remind you, in 2005, because of hur-
ricane impacts to the State of Lou-isiana, prices spiked 75 cents a gallon nationwide, on average. In 2008, when hurricanes hit the Gulf Coast and Lou-isiana, prices spiked $1.40 a gallon, on average, nationwide. This is a national issue. 
Mr. Speaker, following the 2005 hurri-
canes, the Federal Government ex-pended over $100 billion—by some esti-mates, perhaps close to $130 billion or $140 billion—responding to these disas-ters. If we had taken somewhere in the range of $8 billion to $9 billion, we could have prevented the 1,200 lives that were lost that I referenced earlier. We could have prevented the expendi-ture of well over $100 billion in tax-payer funds, the majority of that going toward deficit spending. 
It doesn’t save money to cut the Gulf 
of Mexico Energy Security Act. To the contrary, Mr. Speaker, it is going to cost our Nation more dollars; and his-tory has proven that, studies by Con-gressional Budget Office, studies by FEMA, and many others have proven that this is penny-wise and pound-fool-ish. It will result in additional deaths. It will result in additional flooding. It will result in additional economic dis-ruption in this Nation, and it is the wrong approach. 
In closing, Mr. Speaker, I am going 
to say it one more time. Onshore en-ergy revenues are shared 90 percent be-tween the Mineral Leasing Act and the Bureau of Reclamation funds, 90 per-cent; offshore energy revenues, we get well less than 1 percent, well less than 1 percent per year today. And as we try and slowly begin addressing the dis-parity but nowhere close to what hap-pens for onshore production, when we try to do the right thing and make sure that these funds are constitutionally protected to be invested in making the communities more resilient, making the ecosystem more resilient, and ad-dressing the wrongs of the Federal Government, addressing natural re-source flaws of the Federal Govern-ment, we now have this administration who is supposed to be the environ-mental administration coming out and taking these dollars away, which is once again why the Environmental De-fense Fund, National Wildlife Federa-tion, Audubon Society, and many, many others came out against this. So, Mr. Speaker, I just want to urge, 
as we continue to move through the ap-propriations bills and continue to work on energy policy, that we truly seek to do what the President says in regard to an all-of-the-above policy, which in-cludes conventional fuels, to ensure that the States that are producing these energies receive some type of mitigative funds or revenue sharing, to ensure that the State of Alaska, that the East Coast and other States that are bringing offshore production online are treated fairly, and to ensure that these dollars are reinvested back in the resilience of these communities and in the ecosystem. 
With that, Mr. Speaker, I yield back 
the balance of my time. 
f 
b2030 
CURRENT NEWS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
KATKO ). Under the Speaker’s an-
nounced policy of January 6, 2015, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. G
OHMERT ) for 30 minutes. 
Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, we 
have had a lot in the news recently about questions being asked of people running for President. It has been in-teresting. In taking that issue up, though, it is important to look at some of the current news. 
Here is an article on May 17 by Bill 
Sanderson of the New York Post. It says: ‘‘Saudi Arabia to buy nuclear bombs from Pakistan.’’ 
It says: 
Saudi Arabia will join the nuclear club by 
buying ‘‘off-the-shelf’’ atomic weapons from Pakistan, U.S. officials told a London news-paper. 
Wow. Well, that was something that 
we weren’t expecting back when Presi-dent Bush went into Iraq when he made that call that some day, Saudi Arabia and others in the Middle East would become so nervous about the chaos cre-ated in the Middle East that they would determine: We may need to get nuclear weapons ourselves. In the past, we have always been comforted by the fact that the United States would keep peace in the Middle East. They wouldn’t let anything get out of hand. They would keep other Middle Eastern countries, especially radical Islamist countries, from having nukes. 
This administration has shown it is 
not capable of preventing nukes from proliferation in the Middle East, so therefore, our allies our getting quite nervous. 
Here is an article from today by a 
brilliant prosecutor of the original bomber of the World Trade Center in 1993, Andrew McCarthy. It is dated today, May 18. The title of his article in National Review says: ‘‘The Iraq Question is the Iran Question—At Least It Should Be.’’ 
He goes on to point to the question 
that is being asked of some Republican Presidential candidates. Obviously, the mainstream media, those that donate 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:48 May 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18MY7.064 H18MYPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3305 May 18, 2015 
to the Clinton foundation, and those 
kind of folks—those that would take a hostile position against Republicans in debates, those who act as mediators or emcees in a debate would actually speak on behalf of the Democrat—they are not asking this question of Demo-crats, but it is a legitimate question. 
This is what Andrew McCarthy 
brings up. He says: ‘‘Was it a mistake to invade, knowing what we know now?’’ 
He is talking about Iraq. Mr. McCarthy says: 
It is a very fair point that the question 
should not be asked solely of Republicans— Hillary Clinton and other Democrats who supported the war should be grilled, too. 
He says further down: ‘‘Many of us 
who supported the Iraq war based that support on the principles enunciated in the Bush doctrine.’’ 
Then he sets out his take on the Bush 
doctrine. I think it is well set out. 
It says: ‘‘Attack the jihadists wher-
ever they operate and make rogue states understand that if they support the terrorists we will treat them as en-emies. In that calculation, Iraq was an enemy regardless of whether it had weapons of mass destruction. It’’— talking about Iraq—‘‘obviously was not the worst such enemy—Iran was. And it obviously was a potentially more dangerous enemy if it had weapons of mass destruction that could have been shared with jihadists. Iraq, neverthe-less, was surely in the camp of states that, using Bush’s ‘with us or against us’ metric, was against us.’’ 
Then we have an article here from 
IJReview: ‘‘U.S. Special Forces Just Took Out a Top ISIS Leader—And Cap-tured His Sex Slavery-Condoning Wife,’’ by Justen Charters. 
It says: ‘‘While airstrikes continue to 
hammer ISIS positions, it turns out that that is not the only thing the jihadists need to worry about. U.S. Special Forces appear to be doing more than just training ‘rebels,’ they’re now engaging the enemy. And, they just put down a top Islamic State leader: Abu Sayyaf. 
‘‘USA Today reported further on the 
operation, which will be hurting the terrorists’ bankroll and morale.’’ 
It goes out to set out something from 
USA Today. 
That is such an intriguing story, Mr. 
Speaker. I find it very intriguing be-cause I can’t remember how many times, but it was many times that the President and other members of this administration said: There will be no boots on the ground in Syria in this area—no boots on the ground. 
We were told that over and over, 
which is really perplexing because we all trust the same people that told us, If you like your insurance, you can keep it; if you like your doctor, you can keep him—all these things—that they are not going to persecute people of religious beliefs, then they per-secuted them. 
Who would have thought that this 
administration would say there will be no boots on the ground and then put 
boots on the ground? 
Now, it could have been, in fairness 
to the administration, that they hov-ered and were able to lift up the wife of the ISIS leader without actually get-ting boots on the ground, or it is quite possible they didn’t wear boots. Maybe they were wearing moccasins or some-thing like that; maybe they went bare-foot, and that would explain why those in the administration would say: We will never put boots on the ground; no boots are going to be on the ground. 
Maybe they really weren’t wearing 
boots. I know boots have come a long way since I was in the Army, and I never did understand why we had to wear those black boots that you had to spit-shine to shine them up. It made no sense to me. 
I like the new boots the military is 
wearing now much better; but maybe they have got some other shoes they have figured out so they don’t have to actually put boots on the ground. 
In any event, what happened in the 
Middle East is most intriguing. 
Then we have a story today from Ju-
dicial Watch. Judicial Watch has now 
gotten documentation as a result of a court order on May 15. They have been able to get more documentation than Congress has been able to get because they are fighting this administration in court, and they are getting court or-ders to force the issues. 
The only way you will get informa-
tion out of this transparent Obama ad-ministration is if you bring them out kicking and screaming with the docu-ments, under threat of what a judge can order and do; that is obvious be-cause, as a Member of Congress asking for the documents that were provided in discovery in 2008 to the convicted terrorists in the Holy Land Foundation trial, I got on a Web site one time. I asked for the boxes of documents that the Justice Department gave to the terrorists. 
I understand Attorney General Hold-
er was saying there may be classifica-tion issues, but I keep coming back to the point they gave them to terrorists. Surely, you can give them to Members of Congress, but that also points to a problem that is ongoing in this admin-istration. They keep helping the wrong people. 
In Egypt, we have been told by the 
administration: Gee, President Morsi was elected in a very questionable elec-tion, and there were allegations of a great deal of fraud. 
But I was told by Egyptians that it 
was made clear to the opponent of 
Morsi that, if he raised any issues about fraud in the election, the Muslim Brothers would burn the country down, and he chose not to contest what was some apparent fraud in the election. 
Morsi allegedly got 13 million votes 
or so, and despite the fact—well, at least reported by many news organiza-tions—there were over 30 million Egyp-tians out of their 90 million or so in the country that went to the streets peace-ably. It was the largest demonstration, 
peaceable or otherwise, in the history of the world, from the best I can find out. They went to the streets. They de-manded a nonradical Islamist Presi-dent. They demanded the peaceable ouster of Morsi, who they believed had committed treason and who they un-derstood had basically torn up, figu-ratively, the constitution that the U.S. Government was helpful advising in, but somehow, our advisers did not per-sist in making sure they had a provi-sion for a peaceful impeachment of the President of Egypt. They had no way to get him out. 
These moderate Muslims—and I have 
talked to a number of them that were there demonstrating—these secular-ists, Christians, Jews, and the Coptic Pope himself told me how moved he was to have so many people from so many walks being an encouragement: We don’t want you persecuted in our country of Egypt anymore. It is not right. 
Naturally, what would the Obama ad-
ministration do? They would demand that the man that was figuratively shredding the constitution in Egypt, that was persecuting Christians, that was weaponizing the Sinai, which was building the radical Islamism organiza-tion within Egypt, this administration was giving them weapons, wanted to help them any way they could, which leads to the question that I have been asked by moderate Arab Muslim lead-ers in the Middle East: Why does this administration keep helping the Mus-lim Brothers? Do you not understand they are at war with you? 
Well, it should have been clear, but 
this administration was helping the wrong side. It didn’t stop with pushing for the ouster of this country’s ally in Egypt, Mubarak. This administration decided to oust Qadhafi, a dictator with blood on his hands from the eighties and nineties. 
b2045 
After 2003, after the Bush administra-
tion ordered the taking out of Saddam Hussein, Qadhafi got scared, opened up 
his weapons, says he will not pursue nukes; he will do whatever the United States tells him with regard to his weapons. 
As some in Israel have told me, he 
was really helping with information against terrorists more than anybody but maybe us; yet this administration undertook a bombing effort against Qa-dhafi. 
Now, we find out confirmation from 
documents that have been acquired by Judicial Watch that this administra-tion was actually helping with weap-ons, at least that is the way it appears; that is what we have been hearing all along. 
Some have said even in my trip to 
Libya with friends S
TEVE KING and 
Michelle Bachmann, if it weren’t for the Obama administration bombing Qa-dhafi, they could not have gotten him out of office, and he would still be help-ing us find and kill terrorists. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:06 May 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18MY7.066 H18MYPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3306 May 18, 2015 
Now, Libya is in chaos. There are 
Muslim Brothers doing the best they can to put Egypt in chaos. Syria is now in chaos. Iran is taking over more and more, including, just last September, this President referred to the success story in Yemen. Now, Iran is the power player in Yemen, not the United States. The Obama administration in 
Yemen basically has been whipped by Iran. 
This is scary stuff, when you look at 
what has happened in the Middle East since this administration took over. The story from Judicial Watch dated May 18, it is pretty timely, includes in-formation about the documentation that was ordered by the United States District Court and has now been ob-tained, even though the administration blacked out a lot of information that apparently would be embarrassing to it. 
The story says: ‘‘Judicial Watch an-
nounced today that it obtained more than 100 pages of previously classified ’Secret’ documents from the Depart-ment of Defense and the Department of State revealing that the DOD almost immediately reported that the attack on the U.S. Consulate in Benghazi was committed by the al Qaeda and Muslim Brotherhood-linked ‘Brigades of the Captive Omar Abdul Rahman,’ and had been planned at least 10 days in ad-vance. Rahman is known as The Blind Sheikh’’—that is the one that Andrew McCarthy had prosecuted as lead pros-ecutor—‘‘and is serving life in prison for his involvement in the 1993 World Trade Center bombing and other ter-rorist acts. The new documents also provide the first official confirmation that shows the U.S. Government was aware of arms shipments from Benghazi to Syria. The documents also include an August 2012 analysis warn-ing of the rise of ISIS and the predicted failure of the Obama policy of regime change in Syria. 
‘‘The documents were released in re-
sponse to a court order in accordance with a May 15, 2014, Freedom of Infor-mation Act lawsuit filed against both the DOD and State Department seek-ing communications between the two agencies and congressional leaders ‘on matters related to the activities of any agency or department of the U.S. Gov-ernment at the Special Mission Com-pound and/or classified annex in Benghazi.’ 
‘‘A Defense Department document 
from the Defense Intelligence Agency, DIA, dated September 12, 2012, the very day after the Benghazi attack, details that the attack on the compound had been carefully planned by the’’ Bri-gades of the Captive Omar Abdul Rahman’’ to ‘kill as many Americans as possible.’ The document was sent to then-Secretary of State Hillary Clin-ton, then-Defense Secretary Leon Pa-netta, the Joint Chiefs of Staff, and the Obama White House National Security Council. The heavily redacted Defense Department ‘information report’ says that the attack on the Benghazi facil-ity ‘was planned and executed by The 
Brigades of the Captive Omar Abdul Rahman.’ The group subscribes to ‘al Qaeda ideologies.’’’ 
Now, that was part of the message of 
September 12, 2012. 
Now, it is understandable why Presi-
dent Obama would not have gotten this message because, clearly, he had to get a good night’s sleep because he was going to a campaign event in Las Vegas on September 12. He surely didn’t have time to review this mate-rial in pursuit of his campaign. Here he was, just less than 2 months away from election day. 
It is understandable that he would 
not get the information and would not know that this was not about a video; it was about a carefully planned attack by subscribers to al Qaeda. 
The Defense Intelligence Agency 
knew that, and that message was sent to Hillary Clinton. It was sent to the Joint Chiefs of Staff, and it was sent to those who were not out campaigning in Las Vegas at the White House. 
The article goes on: ‘‘The attack was 
planned 10 or more days prior on ap-proximately 01 September 2012. The in-tention was to attack the consulate and to kill as many Americans as pos-sible to seek revenge for U.S. killing of Aboyahiye’’—also lists him as Alaliby—‘‘in Pakistan and in memorial of the 11 September 2001 attacks on the World Trade Center buildings.’’ 
This is quoting from the DIA report. 
It says: ‘‘‘A violent radical . . . the leader of BCOAR is Abdul Baset,’’’ also called Azuz. ‘‘‘Azuz was sent by Zawari’’’—the leader of al Qaeda, that is—‘‘‘to set up al Qaeda bases in Libya.’ The group’s headquarters were set up with the approval of a ‘member of the Muslim Brotherhood movement . . . where they have large caches of weapons. Some of those caches are dis-guised by feeding troughs for livestock. They have SA–7 and SA–2
3⁄4MANPADS 
. . . they train almost every day focus-ing on religious lessons and scriptures, including three lessons a day of jihadist ideology.’’’ 
Mr. Speaker, I am very confused by 
that. I don’t understand how these Muslim Brothers, these jihadists, could be studying scripture, and this is quoting from the Defense Intelligence Agency report, when it says they are focused on religious lessons and scrip-tures, including three lessons a day of jihadist ideology because this Defense Intelligence Agency reports they are studying religious lessons and scrip-ture, claiming to be Islamists. 
That couldn’t possibly be because 
this administration has made clear these people are not religious. They are not Islamists. They have nothing to do with Islam. These people are just ne’er- do-wells. I don’t understand why the Defense Intelligence Agency would re-port that they were studying religious lessons when they are not religious at all, according to this administration. 
Mr. Speaker, I take you back to that 
so-called Arab Spring, when this ad-ministration was helping the Muslim 
Brothers, and I stood right here on this floor and pointed out: Look, we know that there are al Qaeda in these rebels. 
We don’t know what percentage; we don’t now how many, but we know there is some al Qaeda in these rebels that this administration is helping. We should wait and not keep militarily supporting people that we know in-clude al Qaeda until we find out more. 
But this administration went ahead. As this story says: ‘‘The Defense De-
partment reported the group main-tained written documents in ‘a small rectangular room, approximately 12 meters by 6 meters . . . that contain information on all of the al Qaeda ac-tivity in Libya’’’—wow, al Qaeda ties. 
Anyway, ‘‘The DOD documents also 
contain the first official documenta-tion that the Obama administration knew that weapons were being shipped from the Port of Benghazi to rebel troops in Syria.’’ 
An October 2012 report also is con-
firming: ‘‘Weapons from the former Libya military stockpiles’’—which word is we helped get there—‘‘were shipped from the Port of Benghazi, Libya, to the Port of Banias and the Port of Borj Islam, Syria. The weapons shipped during late August 2012 were sniper rifles, RPGs, and 125-millimeter and 155-millimeter howitzers missiles.’’ 
Anyway, it goes on. The DIA report 
said ‘‘the opposition in Syria was driv-en by al Qaeda and other extremist Muslim groups: ‘the Salafist, the Mus-lim Brotherhood, and AQI are the major forces driving the insurgency in Syria,’’’ which this administration wants to keep calling vetted moderate Syrian rebels, when their own report says they have got al Qaeda ties. 
As this says: ‘‘The deterioration of 
the situation has dire consequences on the Iraqi situation,’’ and it goes on to set those out. 
I think the big question that should 
be forcefully put to former President George W. Bush and anybody who is running for President the next time, they ought to be asked this question: If you had known before we went into Iraq, going after the brutal dictator Saddam Hussein, who had killed hun-dreds of thousands of people, including Kurds, with chemical weapons and other weapons, and you knew he could be ousted, and after a surge, the war could be won; but then that, after your victory in Iraq, following the surge, you would be followed as President with an administration that was too incompetent to negotiate a status of forces agreement with Iraq, and so you end up having—that administration is going to have to leave and actually commit other acts that will help create absolute chaos in the Middle East; and you are going to be followed by this ad-ministration that will help the Muslim Brothers that your Muslim allies in the Middle East say, The Muslims Brothers are at war with you, yet this adminis-tration that follows you will keep help-ing America’s enemies, and that, be-cause of the creation of chaos by this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:06 May 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18MY7.068 H18MYPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3307 May 18, 2015 
succeeding administration, Iran will be 
pursuing nuclear weapons; and that the succeeding administration will be so incompetent and clueless as to what is happening in the Middle East, they think it is okay to let them keep en-riching uranium, pursuing nukes, and it gets so bad that this next adminis-tration will even cause our allies like Saudi Arabia, to go buy nukes; and then we end up with this subsequent administration that helps the Muslim Brothers create more chaos than we could have imagined, knowing all of that, would you go into Iraq? 
That is a question. 
b2100 
But it is really a tough question. How 
in the world would President George W. Bush have known that he would be fol-lowed by such incompetence that would help our enemies and would just create chaos across the entire Middle East such that our friends would be in conferences with people like me going: We don’t understand America anymore. You keep helping your enemies. We don’t get it. We thought we were your friends, but you are helping the people at war with you. 
I mean, how could President George 
W. Bush be expected to anticipate that that is the kind of thing that would follow his administration and com-pletely destroy the situation in the Middle East and in Iraq and in the Sinai and in Gaza and in Libya, in Leb-anon, in Syria, a massive migration into Jordan. Jordanian pilots now to the point they would be burned alive. Christians raped, persecuted, killed in all kinds of horrendous ways. Jews os-tracized, killed. 
Who would have ever dreamed that 
we would have an administration come in and take the success after the surge and turn it into the chaos it is today? 
So I will be interested, Mr. Speaker, 
in the days ahead, as people seek to lead this country, to find out which leaders would have gone ahead into Iraq, knowing the chaos they would create in the subsequent administra-tion. 
With that, I yield back the balance of 
my time. 
f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE 
By unanimous consent, leave of ab-
sence was granted to: 
Mr. C ULBERSON (at the request of Mr. 
MCCARTHY ) for today on account of 
flight delays. 
Mr. L AMBORN (at the request of Mr. 
MCCARTHY ) for today on account of a 
flight delay. 
Mr. T IBERI (at the request of Mr. 
MCCARTHY ) for today on account of 
flight delays. 
f 
BILLS PRESENTED TO THE 
PRESIDENT 
Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, 
reported that on May 14, 2015, she pre-sented to the President of the United States, for his approval, the following 
bills: 
H.R. 651. To designate the facility of the 
United States Postal Service located at 820 Elmwood Avenue in Providence, Rhode Is-land, as the ‘‘Sister Ann Keefe Post Office.’’ 
H.R. 1075. To designate the United States 
Customs and Border Protection Port of Entry located at First Street and Pan Amer-ican Avenue in Douglas, Arizona, as the ‘‘Raul Hector Castro Port of Entry.’’ 
f 
ADJOURNMENT 
Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I move 
that the House do now adjourn. 
The motion was agreed to; accord-
ingly (at 9 o’clock and 1 minute p.m.), under its previous order, the House ad-journed until tomorrow, Tuesday, May 19, 2015, at 10 a.m. for morning-hour de-bate. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, 
ETC. 
Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
1491. A letter from the Under Secretary, 
Rural Development, Rural Business-Coopera-tive Service, Department of Agriculture, transmitting the Department’s interim rule — Strategic Economic and Community De-velopment (RIN: 0570-AA94) received May 15, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Agriculture. 
1492. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-
ment of Defense, transmitting a letter on the approved retirement of Lieutenant General Bruce A. Litchfield, United States Air Force, and his advancement to the grade of lieuten-ant general on the retired list; to the Com-mittee on Armed Services. 
1493. A letter from the Chairman and Presi-
dent, Export-Import Bank, transmitting a statement, pursuant to Sec. 2(b)(3) of the Ex-port-Import Bank Act of 1945, on a trans-action involving Gunes Ekspres Havacilik A.S. of Antalya, Turkey; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
1494. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Approval and Pro-mulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Illinois; NAAQS Update [EPA-R05- OAR-2013-0819; FRL-9927-48-Region 5] re-ceived May 14, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
1495. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Fragrance Components; Ex-emption from the Requirement of a Toler-ance [EPA-HQ-OPP-2013-0821; FRL-9927-38] received May 14, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
1496. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Trichoderma asperelloides strain JM41R; Exemption from the Require-ment of a Tolerance [EPA-HQ-OPP-2012-0963; FRL-9926-87] received May 14, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
1497. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Trinexapac-ethyl; Pesticide Tolerances [EPA-HQ-OPP-2014-0340; FRL- 9926-62] received May 14, 2015, pursuant to 5 
U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 
1498. A letter from the Chief of Staff, Wire-
less Telecommunications Bureau/MD, Fed-eral Communications Commission, transmit-ting the Commission’s final rule — Amend-ment of the Commission’s Rules with Regard to Commercial Operations in the 3550-3650 MHz Band [GN Docket No.: 12-354] received May 15, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
1499. A letter from the Chairman and Presi-
dent, Export-Import Bank, transmitting a statement, pursuant to Sec. 2(b)(3) of the Ex-port-Import Bank Act of 1945, as amended, on a transaction involving China Southern Airlines of Guangzhou, China; to the Com-mittee on Financial Services. 
1500. A letter from the Executive Analyst, 
Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting a report pursuant to the Fed-eral Vacancies Reform Act of 1998, Pub. L. 105-277; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
1501. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-
ment of Health and Human Services, trans-mitting the Semiannual Report to Congress from the Office of Inspector General, of the Department of Health and Human Services, pursuant to the Inspector General Act of 1978, Pub. L. 95-452, as amended; to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. 
1502. A letter from the Associate General 
Counsel for General Law, Office of the Gen-eral Counsel, Department of Homeland Secu-rity, transmitting a report pursuant to the Federal Vacancies Reform Act of 1998, Pub. L. 105-277; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
1503. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-
fice of Financial Management, United States Capitol Police, transmitting the Statement of Disbursements for the United States Cap-itol Police for the period of October 1, 2014 through March 31, 2015, pursuant to Pub. L. 109-55, Sec. 1005; (H. Doc. No. 114—38); to the Committee on House Administration and or-dered to be printed. 
1504. A letter from the Deputy Assistant 
Administrator for Regulatory Programs, NMFS, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Fisheries Off West Coast States; Pa-cific Coast Groundfish Fishery Management Plan; Trawl Rationalization Program; Catch Monitor Program; Observer Program [Dock-et No.: 130503447-5336-02] (RIN: 0648-BD30) re-ceived May 13, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
1505. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-
fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s modification of fishing seasons final rule — Fisheries Off West Coast States; Modifica-tions of the West Coast Commercial Salmon Fisheries; Inseason Actions #1 and #2 [Dock-et No.: 140107014-4014-01] (RIN: 0648-XD868) re-ceived May 13, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
1506. A letter from the Assistant Adminis-
trator for Fisheries, NMFS, Office of Sus-tainable Fisheries, National Oceanic and At-mospheric Administration, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Fisheries off West Coast States; Pacific Coast Groundfish Fishery; Trawl Rationalization Program; Midwater Trawl Fishery Season Date Change [Docket No.: 141222999-5322-02] (RIN: 0648- BE72) received May 13, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:09 Feb 12, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAY 15\H18MY5.REC H18MY5bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3308 May 18, 2015 
1507. A letter from the Deputy Assistant 
Administrator for Regulatory Programs, NMFS, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Fisheries Off West Coast States; West Coast Salmon Fisheries; Management Ref-erence Point Updates for Three Stocks of Pa-cific Salmon [Docket No.: 150227200-5347-02] (RIN: 0648-BE79) received May 13, 2015, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
1508. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-
fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Fisheries of the Caribbean, Gulf of Mexico, and South Atlantic; 2015 Commercial Accountability Measure and Closure for Blueline Tilefish in the South At-lantic Region [Docket No.: 140501394-5279-02] (RIN: 0648-XD869) received May 13, 2015, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. 
1509. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-
fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Fisheries of the Exclusive Eco-nomic Zone Off Alaska; Inseason Adjustment to the 2015 Gulf of Alaska Pollock Seasonal Apportionments [Docket No.: 140918791-4999- 02] (RIN: 0648-XD845) received May 14, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. 
1510. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-
fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Fisheries of the Exclusive Eco-nomic Zone Off Alaska; Pacific Cod by Catcher/Processors Using Hook-and-Line Gear in the Western Regulatory Area of the Gulf of Alaska [Docket No.: 140918791-4999-02] (RIN: 0648-XD876) received May 13, 2015, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. 
1511. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-
fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Fisheries of the Exclusive Eco-nomic Zone Off Alaska; Pacific Cod by Catcher Vessels Less Than 60 Feet (18.3 me-ters) Length Overall Using Jig or Hook-and- Line Gear in the Bogoslof Pacific Cod Ex-emption Area in the Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands Management Area [Docket No.: 131021878-4158-02] (RIN: 0648-XD886) received May 13, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
1512. A letter from the Chief, Publications 
and Regulations, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s final and tem-porary regulations — Notional Principal Contracts; Swaps with Nonperiodic Pay-ments [TD 9719] (RIN: 1545-BM62) received May 14, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
1513. A letter from the Chief, Publications 
and Regulations, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Revocation of Rev. Rul. 78-130 (Rev. Rul. 2015-09) received May 14, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
1514. A letter from the Chief, Publications 
and Regulations, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Triple Drop and Check (Rev. Rul. 2015-10) re-ceived May 14, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
1515. A letter from the Chief, Publications 
and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Eligibility for Minimum Essential 
Coverage for Purposes of the Premium Tax Credit [Notice 2015-37] received May 14, 2015, 
pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. 
1516. A letter from the Assistant Attorney 
General, Office of Legislative Affairs, De-partment of Justice, transmitting the Attor-ney General’s Second Quarterly Report of FY 2015 on the Uniformed Services Employ-ment and Reemployment Rights Act of 1994, pursuant to the Veterans’ Benefits Improve-ment Act of 2008, Pub. L. 110-389; jointly to the Committees on Veterans’ Affairs and the Judiciary. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of 
committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky: Committee on 
Appropriations. Revised Suballocation of Budget Allocations for Fiscal Year 2016 (Rept. 114–118). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. SMITH of Texas: Committee on 
Science, Space, and Technology. H.R. 2262. A bill to facilitate a pro-growth environment for the developing commercial space indus-try by encouraging private sector invest-ment and creating more stable and predict-able regulatory conditions, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–119). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. NEWHOUSE: Committee on Rules. 
House Resolution 271. Resolution providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 1806) to provide for technological innovation through the prioritization of Federal investment in basic research, fundamental scientific dis-covery, and development to improve the competitiveness of the United States, and for other purposes; providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 2250) making appropriations for the Legislative Branch for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other pur-poses; and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 2353) to provide an extension of Federal-aid highway, highway safety, motor carrier safety, transit, and other programs funded out of the Highway Trust Fund, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–120). Referred to the House Calendar. 
f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XII, public 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi (for 
himself and Mr. R ICHMOND ): 
H.R. 2390. A bill to require a review of uni-
versity-based centers for homeland security, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security, and in addition to the Committee on Science, Space, and Tech-nology, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. CUMMINGS (for himself and 
Ms. N
ORTON ): 
H.R. 2391. A bill to amend title XIX of the 
Social Security Act to require the payment of an additional rebate to the State Medicaid plan in the case of increase in the price of a generic drug at a rate that is greater than the rate of inflation; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. CULBERSON (for himself and 
Mr. R
OKITA ): H.R. 2392. A bill to amend the National 
Voter Registration Act of 1993 to require an applicant for voter registration for elections for Federal office to affirmatively state that the applicant meets the eligibility require-ments for voting in such elections as a condi-tion of completing the application, to re-quire States to verify that an applicant for registering to vote in such elections meets the eligibility requirements for voting in such elections prior to registering the appli-cant to vote, and for other purposes; to the Committee on House Administration, and in 
addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. CONAWAY (for himself, Mr. 
C
OSTA , Mr. R OUZER , Mr. D AVID SCOTT 
of Georgia, Mr. G OODLATTE , Ms. 
DELBENE, Mr. L UCAS , Mr. V ELA, Mr. 
NEUGEBAUER , Mrs. B USTOS , Mr. A DER-
HOLT , Mr. F ARR, Mr. T HOMPSON of 
Pennsylvania, Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , Mr. 
AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. 
ASHFORD , Mr. C RAWFORD , Mr. S CHRA -
DER, Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, 
Mrs. W ALORSKI , Mr. T HOMPSON of 
California, Mr. K ING of Iowa, Mr. 
VARGAS , Mr. R OGERS of Alabama, Mr. 
BISHOP of Georgia, Mr. G IBBS, Mr. 
CUELLAR , Mrs. H ARTZLER , Mr. 
DESJARLAIS , Mr. B ENISHEK , Mr. 
DENHAM , Mr. L AMALFA , Mr. Y OHO, 
Mr. B OST, Mr. A BRAHAM , Mr. 
MOOLENAAR , Mr. N EWHOUSE , Mr. 
UPTON , Mr. T HORNBERRY , Mr. G RAVES  
of Missouri, Mr. Y ODER , Mr. R OONEY  
of Florida, Mr. M CCLINTOCK , Mr. 
BLUM, Mr. H UIZENGA of Michigan, Mr. 
YOUNG of Iowa, Mr. W OMACK , Mr. 
LONG, Mr. W ALBERG , Mr. S MITH of Ne-
braska, Mr. F INCHER , Mr. A LLEN , Ms. 
JENKINS of Kansas, Mr. H ILL, Mr. 
RICEof South Carolina, Mr. B ISHOP of 
Michigan, and Mr. R IBBLE ): 
H.R. 2393. A bill to amend the Agricultural 
Marketing Act of 1946 to repeal country of origin labeling requirements with respect to beef, pork, and chicken, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Agriculture. 
By Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania 
(for himself and Mr. B
OST): 
H.R. 2394. A bill to reauthorize the Na-
tional Forest Foundation Act, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agriculture. 
By Mr. CHAFFETZ (for himself, Mr. 
C
UMMINGS , and Mr. M EADOWS ): 
H.R. 2395. A bill to amend the Inspector 
General Act of 1978 to strengthen the inde-pendence of the Inspectors General, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform. 
By Mrs. BLACKBURN (for herself and 
Mr. G
ENEGREEN of Texas): 
H.R. 2396. A bill to amend the Federal 
Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act with respect to the regulation of health software, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. COLE: 
H.R. 2397. A bill to amend the Small Busi-
ness Act to allow the use of physical damage disaster loans for the construction of safe rooms, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Small Business. 
By Mr. GROTHMAN: 
H.R. 2398. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to permit the Secretary of the Treasury and the Commissioner of the Social Security Administration to disclose certain return information related to iden-tity theft, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addi-tion to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:48 May 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L18MY7.000 H18MYPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3309 May 18, 2015 
of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-
tion of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. LATTA (for himself, Mr. W ITT-
MAN, and Mr. H ANNA ): 
H.R. 2399. A bill to establish the Wildlife 
and Hunting Heritage Conservation Council Advisory Committee to advise the Secre-taries of the Interior and Agriculture on wildlife and habitat conservation, hunting, recreational shooting, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources, and in addition to the Committee on Agriculture, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. 
By Mr. ROSKAM (for himself, Mr. 
C
OLE, Mr. F LORES , Mr. H OLDING , Mr. 
JORDAN , Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, 
Mr. M ARCHANT , Mr. M ARINO , Mr. 
MEEHAN , Mr. M URPHY of Pennsyl-
vania, Mrs. N OEM, Mr. R OEof Ten-
nessee, Mr. R ENACCI , and Mr. S MITH 
of Missouri): 
H.R. 2400. A bill to establish the Office of 
the Special Inspector General for Monitoring the Affordable Care Act, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce, and in addition to the Committees on Natural Resources, Education and the Work-force, Ways and Means, Oversight and Gov-ernment Reform, House Administration, the 
Judiciary, Rules, and Appropriations, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. LATTA (for himself and Mr. 
W
ITTMAN ): 
H.R. 2401. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
the Interior and the Secretary of Agriculture to require annual permits and assess annual fees for commercial filming activities on Federal land for film crews of 5 persons or fewer, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources, and in addition to the Committee on Agriculture, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. 
By Ms. LOFGREN (for herself and Mr. 
G
OWDY ): 
H.R. 2402. A bill to amend the Federal 
Power Act to prohibit the public disclosure of protected information, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce. 
By Mr. M
CKINLEY (for himself, Mr. 
ADERHOLT , Mr. J ENKINS of West Vir-
ginia, Mr. C LAY, Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of 
Illinois, Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, Ms. 
BROWNLEY of California, Mr. S TIVERS , 
Mr. M OONEY of West Virginia, Mr. 
BOST, Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Penn-
sylvania, Mr. W HITFIELD , Ms. S INEMA , 
Ms. K APTUR , and Ms. F UDGE ): 
H.R. 2403. A bill to amend the Surface Min-
ing Control and Reclamation Act of 1977 to transfer certain funds to the Multiemployer Health Benefit Plan and the 1974 United Mine Workers of America Pension Plan; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Natural Re-sources, for a period to be subsequently de-termined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. 
By Mr. PAULSEN (for himself, Mr. 
K
IND, Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana, Mr. 
RANGEL , Mr. T IPTON , Mr. R UIZ, Mr. 
HASTINGS , Mr. G UTHRIE , Mr. P OCAN , 
Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. R OEof Ten-
nessee, Mr. L EWIS, Ms. J ENKINS of 
Kansas, Mr. P ETERS , Mr. I SRAEL , Mrs. 
BLACK , Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mrs. N APOLI -TANO , Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, 
Mr. B ENISHEK , Mr. R IBBLE , Mr. M UR-
PHY of Pennsylvania, Mr. Y OUNG of 
Indiana, Mr. O LSON , Mr. L ANCE , Mr. 
ROSKAM , Mr. R ENACCI , Mr. M CGOV-
ERN, Mrs. B LACKBURN , Ms. B ONAMICI , 
Mr. C ROWLEY , Ms. L INDA T. S A´NCHEZ  
of California, Mr. S HIMKUS , and Mr. 
BENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico): 
H.R. 2404. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to provide for the co-ordination of programs to prevent and treat obesity, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce, and in ad-dition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. AMASH: 
H.J. Res. 54. A joint resolution proposing a 
balanced budget amendment to the Constitu-tion of the United States; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. FRANKS of Arizona (for him-
self and Mr. V
ARGAS ): 
H. Res. 270. A resolution expressing the 
sense of Congress regarding the Palestinian Authority’s purported accession to the Inter-national Criminal Court for the purpose of initiating prosecutions against Israeli sol-diers, citizens, officials, and leaders; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
f 
MEMORIALS 
Under clause 3 of rule XII, 
27. The SPEAKER presented a memorial of 
the Senate of the Commonwealth of Pennsyl-vania, relative to Senate Resolution No. 101, designating the month of May 2015 as ‘‘Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis Awareness Month’’ in Pennsylvania; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY 
STATEMENT 
Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of 
the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi: 
H.R. 2390. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The U.S. Constitution including Article 1, 
Section 8. 
By Mr. CUMMINGS: 
H.R. 2391. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 (relating to 
the power of Congress to regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes.) 
By Mr. CULBERSON: 
H.R. 2392. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 4, Clause 1 of the Con-
stitution of the United States. 
By Mr. CONAWAY: 
H.R. 2393. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Under Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3, Con-
gress has the authority to regulate foreign and interstate commerce. 
By Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania: 
H.R. 2394. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: Pursuant to Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3, 
Congress has the authority to regulate for-eign and interstate commerce. 
By Mr. CHAFFETZ: 
H.R. 2395. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8. 
By Mrs. BLACKBURN: 
H.R. 2396. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 
By Mr. COLE: 
H.R. 2397. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This bill is enacted pursuant to Article I, 
Section 8 which allows Congress to regulate trade with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes 
By Mr. GROTHMAN: 
H.R. 2398. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 which, in 
part, states: The Congress shall have Power to lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, . . . and the Sixteenth Amendment which states: The Congress shall have power to lay and collect taxes on incomes, from whatever source derived, without apportion-ment among the several States, and without regard to any census or enumeration. 
By Mr. LATTA: 
H.R. 2399. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 To regulate Commerce with foreign Na-
tions, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes; 
Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 The Congress shall have Power to dispose 
of and make all needful Rules and Regula-tions respecting the Territory or other Prop-erty belonging to the United States 
Amendment II A well regulated Militia, being necessary 
to the security of a free State, the right of the people to keep and bear Arms, shall not be infringed. 
By Mr. ROSKAM: 
H.R. 2400. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
(a) Article I, Section 1, to exercise the leg-
islative powers vested in Congress as granted in the Constitution; and 
(b) Article I, Section 8, Clause 18, which 
gives Congress the authority ‘‘To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof’’’; and 
(c) Article I, Section 9, Clause 7, which 
states that ‘‘No Money shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in Consequence of Appro-priations made by Law; and a regular State-ment and Account of the Receipts and Ex-penditures of all public Money shall be pub-lished from time to time’’; and 
(d) Article II, Section 2, Clause 2, which 
states that the President, ‘‘by and with the Advice and Consent of the Senate, shall ap-point Ambassadors, other public Ministers and Consuls, Judges of the supreme Court, and all other Officers of the United States . . .’’ 
By Mr. LATTA: 
H.R. 2401. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 The Congress shall have Power to dispose 
of and make all needful Rules and Regula-tions respecting the Territory or other Prop-erty belonging to the United States 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:45 May 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L18MY7.100 H18MYPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3310 May 18, 2015 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 
The Congress shall have Power to regulate 
Commerce with foreign Nations and among the several States 
By Ms. LOFGREN: 
H.R. 2402. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 
By Mr. McKINLEY: 
H.R. 2403. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
According to Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 
of the Constitution: The Congress shall have power to enact this legislation to regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among several states, and with the Indian tribes. 
By Mr. PAULSEN: 
H.R. 2404. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution 
By Mr. AMASH: 
H.J. Res. 54. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This resolution is enacted pursuant to the 
powers conferred by the United States Con-stitution upon Congress by Article V. which provides that ‘‘The Congress, whenever two thirds of both Houses shall deem it nec-essary, shall propose Amendments to this Constitution . . . which shall be valid to all Intents and Purposes, as Part of this Con-stitution, when ratified by the Legislatures of three fourths of the several States . . .’’ 
f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS 
Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors 
were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 24: Mr. S AMJOHNSON of Texas and Mr. 
RUSSELL . 
H.R. 91: Mr. S IRES, Mrs. L UMMIS , Mr. 
YODER , Mr. K ILMER , Mrs. M CMORRIS ROD-
GERS , and Mr. N UGENT . 
H.R. 93: Mr. P ASCRELL . 
H.R. 160: Mr. S WALWELL of California. 
H.R. 169: Mr. A MODEI . 
H.R. 209: Mr. S MITH of New Jersey, Ms. 
KUSTER , and Ms. T SONGAS . 
H.R. 232: Mr. F ATTAH . 
H.R. 239: Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Ms. 
BONAMICI , Ms. D ELBENE, Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. 
MEEKS , Mr. T EDLIEU of California, Mr. 
DESAULNIER , Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Mrs. 
CAROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, Mr. 
DELANEY , Mr. H ONDA , Ms. E DWARDS , Mr. 
FATTAH , Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. 
FOSTER , Mr. S MITH of Washington, and Mr. 
LOWENTHAL . 
H.R. 306: Mr. C LAY. 
H.R. 402: Mr. W ITTMAN . 
H.R. 451: Mr. C OLLINS of New York, Mr. 
PITTENGER , Mr. S CHWEIKERT , and Mr. 
BARLETTA . 
H.R. 474: Ms. S INEMA . 
H.R. 528: Mr. B ARRand Mr. F ORBES . 
H.R. 585: Mr. R OUZER and Mrs. H ARTZLER . 
H.R. 605: Mr. F ITZPATRICK . 
H.R. 627: Mr. R ANGEL . 
H.R. 649: Mr. N OLAN . 
H.R. 662: Mr. W ENSTRUP and Mr. 
DESJARLAIS . 
H.R. 663: Mr. B LUM. 
H.R. 675: Mrs. B EATTY . 
H.R. 703: Mr. W ILSON of South Carolina. 
H.R. 704: Mr. W ILSON of South Carolina, 
Mr. W ITTMAN , and Mr. M ACARTHUR . 
H.R. 721: Mr. Y ARMUTH . 
H.R. 756: Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mex-
ico. 
H.R. 767: Mr. P OEof Texas, Mr. G IBBS, and 
Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia. H.R. 774: Ms. C ASTOR of Florida. 
H.R. 793: Mr. H ARPER and Mr. D EUTCH . 
H.R. 817: Mr. S HIMKUS . 
H.R. 825: Mr. N EWHOUSE . 
H.R. 829: Mr. C ARTWRIGHT . 
H.R. 845: Mr. S CHIFF and Ms. N ORTON . 
H.R. 868: Mr. T EDLIEUof California. 
H.R. 874: Mr. P ETERS . 
H.R. 886: Mr. R ICEof South Carolina, Mr. 
BARTON , Mr. T OMPRICE of Georgia, Mr. 
MULLIN , and Mr. G ROTHMAN . 
H.R. 912: Mr. D ESAULNIER . 
H.R. 915: Mr. R USH. 
H.R. 920: Mr. S ANFORD , Ms. C LARK of Mas-
sachusetts, and Mr. P AYNE . 
H.R. 999: Mr. J OYCE . 
H.R. 1088: Mr. G ARAMENDI and Mr. P ERL-
MUTTER . 
H.R. 1089: Mr. R ANGEL . 
H.R. 1112: Mr. H IGGINS . 
H.R. 1158: Mr. G IBSON . 
H.R. 1178: Mr. P AULSEN , Mr. M ARCHANT , 
and Mr. N EAL. 
H.R. 1289: Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Mr. 
FARR, and Mr. K INGof New York. 
H.R. 1299: Mr. R USSELL . 
H.R. 1300: Mr. M CCAUL, Mr. V ARGAS , and 
Mr. M OOLENAAR . 
H.R. 1327: Mr. B ISHOP of Utah. 
H.R. 1369: Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana. 
H.R. 1382: Mr. K ILMER . 
H.R. 1384: Mr. S ANFORD and Mr. W ILSON of 
South Carolina. 
H.R. 1388: Mr. B ISHOP of Utah, Mr. C OLLINS  
of New York, Mr. K INZINGER of Illinois, Mr. 
MOONEY of West Virginia, Mrs. B ROOKS of In-
diana, and Mrs. L OVE. 
H.R. 1399: Mr. Y OHO, Mr. C ICILLINE , and Ms. 
WILSON of Florida. 
H.R. 1401: Mr. S WALWELL of California, Mr. 
GOSAR , Mr. S TIVERS , and Mr. R OONEY of Flor-
ida. 
H.R. 1424: Ms. E STYand Mr. B OST. 
H.R. 1427: Mr. T AKANO . 
H.R. 1439: Mr. D EUTCH . 
H.R. 1453: Mr. S AMJOHNSON of Texas. 
H.R. 1464: Mrs. N APOLITANO and Ms. L OF-
GREN . 
H.R. 1475: Mr. C ARTER of Texas and Mr. 
GOODLATTE . 
H.R. 1478: Mr. A MODEI . 
H.R. 1482: Mr. C UMMINGS . 
H.R. 1508: Mr. C OLLINS of New York. 
H.R. 1516: Mr. R USH, Ms. M OORE , Mrs. 
NOEM, and Mr. K ATKO . 
H.R. 1559: Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Penn-
sylvania, Ms. E DWARDS , Mr. N OLAN , and Ms. 
TSONGAS . 
H.R. 1567: Mr. D ENTand Mr. T ROTT . 
H.R. 1585: Mr. M ILLER of Florida. 
H.R. 1599: Mr. P OEof Texas and Mr. R OSS, 
H.R. 1600: Mr. L ANCE and Mrs. B EATTY . 
H.R. 1614: Mr. M EADOWS . 
H.R. 1627: Mr. D IAZ-BALART and Mr. R OSS. 
H.R. 1644: Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska and Mr. 
COOK. 
H.R. 1700: Mr. H ONDA . 
H.R. 1718: Mr. Y OHO, Mr. C OLE, Mr. W ITT-
MAN, Mr. P OEof Texas, Mrs. L UMMIS , and Mr. 
MARCHANT . 
H.R. 1748: Mr. K INGof New York. 
H.R. 1786: Mr. B OST. 
H.R. 1814: Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Mr. P ERL-
MUTTER , Mr. S CHIFF , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. 
ELLISON , Mr. G ARAMENDI , and Mr. N OLAN . 
H.R. 1836: Mr. C HABOT , Mr. S ANFORD , and 
Mr. P OEof Texas. 
H.R. 1861: Mr. R OSKAM , Mr. H UIZENGA of 
Michigan, Mr. P AULSEN , and Mr. P ETERSON . 
H.R. 1877: Mr. P ERLMUTTER . 
H.R. 1902: Mr. T EDLIEUof California. 
H.R. 1920: Mr. S HERMAN . 
H.R. 1921: Mr. S HERMAN . 
H.R. 1943: Mr. S EAN PATRICK MALONEY of 
New York, Ms. L OFGREN , Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. 
HIGGINS , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Ms. L EE, Mr. 
COURTNEY , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. L EWIS, Mr. 
NADLER , Ms. F UDGE , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. BEYER , Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. L YNCH , 
Mr. S COTT of Virginia, and Mr. W ALZ. 
H.R. 1964: Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia, 
Mr. J OYCE , and Mr. F ARENTHOLD . 
H.R. 1971: Mrs. C APPS . 
H.R. 1984: Mr. M CNERNEY . 
H.R. 1989: Mr. S WALWELL of California. 
H.R. 1992: Mr. K NIGHT . 
H.R. 2003: Mrs. C OMSTOCK . 
H.R. 2016: Mr. D EUTCH and Mr. S CHIFF . 
H.R. 2025: Mr. B LUMENAUER . 
H.R. 2058: Mr. P OMPEO . 
H.R. 2072: Mr. M CNERNEY . 
H.R. 2077: Mr. M EADOWS . 
H.R. 2110: Mr. P OLIS. 
H.R. 2124: Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Mr. 
DEFAZIO, Mr. H ANNA , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. H IG-
GINS, Mr. I SRAEL , Mr. K ATKO , Mr. K INGof 
New York, Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut, Mr. 
TEDLIEUof California, Ms. N ORTON , Mr. 
PETERS , Mr. P ETERSON , Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. 
RIGELL , Mr. R USH, Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Mr. 
DAVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. S IRES, Ms. 
SLAUGHTER , Mr. T AKANO , Ms. T ITUS, Mr. 
WALZ, and Mr. W ITTMAN . 
H.R. 2125: Mr. G ENEGREEN of Texas. 
H.R. 2126: Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 2132: Mr. M CGOVERN . 
H.R. 2141: Mr. H ULTGREN and Mr. A MODEI . 
H.R. 2142: Ms. L INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of Cali-
fornia. 
H.R. 2156: Mr. G ROTHMAN , Mr. P ETERSON , 
Mr. B LUM, Mr. L ONG, and Mr. A DERHOLT . 
H.R. 2170: Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , Mr. T HOMPSON  
of California, Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mr. C OURT -
NEY, Mr. E NGEL , Ms. E SHOO , Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. 
VELA, Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. N OLAN , Mr. D AVID 
SCOTT of Georgia, Ms. T ITUS, and Ms. K ELLY  
of Illinois. 
H.R. 2173: Mr. I SRAEL and Mrs. L AWRENCE . 
H.R. 2189: Mr. V ELA. 
H.R. 2192: Mr. S WALWELL of California. 
H.R. 2193: Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. H ASTINGS , 
and Mr. G ARAMENDI . 
H.R. 2214: Mr. W ALZ, Mr. J ONES , Ms. 
BORDALLO , Mrs. L AWRENCE , and Mr. R OUZER . 
H.R. 2216: Ms. N ORTON and Mr. M CNERNEY . 
H.R. 2222: Mr. W ITTMAN . 
H.R. 2233: Mr. F ARENTHOLD , Mr. B URGESS , 
Mrs. L UMMIS , and Mr. G OHMERT . 
H.R. 2260: Ms. B ROWNLEY of California and 
Mr. D OLD. 
H.R. 2272: Mr. Y ARMUTH . 
H.R. 2277: Mr. G ARAMENDI and Mr. P OLIS. 
H.R. 2280: Mr. M CNERNEY . 
H.R. 2290: Mr. B UCSHON . 
H.R. 2300: Mr. C ONAWAY . 
H.R. 2302: Mr. M EEKS , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. G RI-
JALVA , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , and Mr. P OCAN . 
H.R. 2309: Mr. C ARSON of Indiana and Mr. 
JOHNSON of Georgia. 
H.R. 2315: Mr. F ARENTHOLD . 
H.R. 2330: Mr. R OONEY of Florida. 
H.R. 2352: Mr. A MODEI , Mr. L UETKEMEYER , 
Mr. T HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, and Mr. 
VALADAO . 
H.R. 2368: Mr. P OLIS. 
H.R. 2379: Mr. T ONKO . 
H.R. 2383: Mr. B RATand Mr. P ITTENGER . 
H. J. Res. 22: Mr. P ETERS , Mr. P ASCRELL , 
Mr. P ETERSON , and Mr. N ORCROSS . 
H. Con. Res. 17: Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa and Mr. 
MICA. 
H. Con. Res. 45: Mr. H UIZENGA of Michigan. 
H. Res. 118: Ms. L OFGREN . 
H. Res. 130: Mr. W OODALL and Ms. M OORE . 
H. Res. 204: Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. 
DESAULNIER , Ms. E SHOO , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Mr. 
MEEKS , and Mr. S WALWELL of California. 
H. Res. 209: Mr. R OEof Tennessee, Mr. T OM 
PRICE of Georgia, Mr. C OOK, and Mr. L AM-
BORN . 
H. Res. 210: Mr. L OWENTHAL . 
H. Res. 218: Mr. S ABIN. 
H. Res. 226: Mr. P ERRY . 
f 
CONGRESSIONAL EARMARKS, LIM-
ITED TAX BENEFITS, OR LIM-ITED TARIFF BENEFITS 
Under clause 9 of rule XXI, lists or 
statements on congressional earmarks, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:45 May 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18MY7.037 H18MYPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3311 May 18, 2015 
limited tax benefits, or limited tariff 
benefits were submitted as follows: 
OFFERED BYMR. BISHOP OF UTAH 
The provisions that warranted a referral to 
the Committee on Natural Resources in H.R. 2353, the Highway and Transportation Fund-ing Act of 2015, do not contain any congres-
sional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or lim-ited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
O
FFERED BYMR. RYAN OF WISCONSIN  
The provisions that warranted a referral to 
the Committee on Ways and Means in H.R. 2353, ‘‘Highway and Transportation Funding Act of 2015,’’ do not contain any congres-sional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or lim-ited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of 
rule XXI of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representatives. 
O
FFERED BYMR. SHUSTER  
H.R. 2353 does not contain any congres-
sional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or lim-ited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
O
FFERED BYMR. SMITH OF TEXAS  
The provisions that warranted a referral to 
the Committee on Science, Space, and Tech-nology in H.R. 2353, the ‘‘Highway and Trans-portation Funding Act of 2015,’’ do not con-tain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. O
FFERED BYMR. UPTON  
The provisions that warranted a referral to 
the Committee on Energy and Commerce in 
H.R. 2353, the Highway and Transportation Funding Act of 2015, do not contain any con-gressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
The amendment to be offered by Rep-
resentative S
MITH, or a designee, to H.R. 
1806, the America COMPETES Reauthoriza-tion Act of 2015 does not contain any con-gressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:48 May 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18MY7.012 H18MYPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S2949 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, MAY 18, 2015 No. 76 
Senate 
The Senate met at 2 p.m. and was 
called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-
fered the following prayer. 
Let us pray. Almighty God, thank You for Your 
steadfast love and unchanging mercy, for we are sustained by Your tender compassion. 
Give our lawmakers the wisdom to 
follow Your example of self-sacrifice and keep them from traveling down dead-end paths. Lord, strengthen them in their challenging work, as they strive to find common ground. Shield them from strife, as they seek to unite for the good of our Nation and world. Empower them to trust You, even dur-ing life’s storms, believing that in ev-erything You are working for the good of those who love You. Lord, do for them exceedingly, abundantly above all that they can ask or think. 
We pray in Your sacred Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The President pro tempore led the 
Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY 
LEADER 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C OT-
TON). The Democratic leader is recog-
nized. 
f 
NOMINATIONS 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, it seems as 
if every day the majority leader keeps telling us how great the Senate is working—better than ever, he says. Let’s take a look at a couple of things today. The growing backlog on nominations 
is another story. There are more than 100 nominations pending in commit-tees. This is an interesting way the Re-publicans do this. They say we do not have anything on the calendar. We can-not have anything on the calendar if they do not report them out of the committees. 
There are 48 nominations currently 
pending in the Foreign Relations Com-mittee, including Ambassadors of real-ly important countries, such as Paki-stan, Finland, Sweden, Kosovo, and many other countries. The Environ-ment and Public Works Committee has 11 pending nominations, and 9 nomina-tions are waiting in the HELP Com-mittee. At the Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee, there is a score—many of them there. There are eight nominations awaiting consideration in the banking com-mittee. Seven are pending in com-merce, and six await Senate Finance Committee action. 
In the Judiciary Committee—I spoke 
here a little while ago, a week ago, about Judge Felipe Restrepo. He is a Federal district court judge in Penn-sylvania. It is being delayed, even though both Senators—a Democrat and Republican—from Pennsylvania want this nomination to go forward. So they say. He is one of 20 pending nomina-tions awaiting in the Judiciary Com-mittee. That is unbelievable. Com-mittee consideration is not the only obstacle to confirmation, the Repub-lican leader also slows down the con-sideration once they get here on the floor. 
The Republicans’ refusal to consider 
the President’s judicial nominations is especially pronounced, especially when you consider that the assistant Repub-lican leader came to the floor here and said we are going to move these expedi-tiously. He is from Texas. We had one judge, George Hanks, who was con-firmed by a vote of 91 to 0. He was only the second judicial nomination we have considered in this Republican Congress 
in some 5 months. 
Imagine that. We know there are ju-
dicial emergencies and vacancies throughout the country, but we have only considered two judges in this en-tire Congress. 
When this year started, we had 12 
emergencies. Now there are 25, more than double from the beginning of this year alone. In Texas alone, there are seven judicial emergencies, the most of any State in the Nation. 
Judge Olvera has been nominated to 
fill a judicial emergency in the South-ern District of Texas. His nomination certainly was not controversial. It was reported out of the Judiciary Com-mittee by voice vote in February. 
At his hearing, as I indicated earlier, 
the assistant majority leader said he wanted to move these judges expedi-tiously. If this is expeditiously, I do not know what the term means. Why is this noncontroversial nomination being delayed for months? Is this the type of swift type of confirmation that Texans can expect from their leaders? 
If our Republican colleagues would 
make good on their public statements and confirm these qualified executive and judicial nominations before the Memorial Day holiday, that would be great. But they are not going to. Is the Senate working better than ever? I do not think so. 
f 
HIGHWAY BILL 
Mr. REID. ‘‘America is one big pot-
hole.’’ Those are not my words. They are the words of former Republican 
Secretary of Transportation Ray LaHood, a longtime Member of Con-gress and a Republican from Illinois. That is how he described America’s crumbling infrastructure: ‘‘America is one big pothole.’’ 
It is hard to argue with Secretary 
LaHood’s assessment. According to the Federal Highway Administration, 50 percent of American roads are in dis-repair. Half of the roads we drive on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:58 May 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18MY6.000 S18MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2950 May 18, 2015 
are in disrepair. What are State legisla-
tures around the country doing? Rais-ing the speed limit. 
There are a number of places in 
America where the speed limit is 80 miles an hour. That means that this weekend—Memorial Day weekend—as American families load up their cars and head to the beach or the lake or to visit loved ones, half of the highways they travel on are in dire need of re-pair. 
If that were not troubling enough, 
64,000 American bridges are struc-turally deficient. As each day goes by, these roads and bridges get a little worse—one big pothole. 
It is not just our roads and our 
bridges. Our Nation’s infrastructure af-fects every means of travel. We are all distraught by last week’s Amtrak train derailment in Pennsylvania. Eight peo-ple were killed. Hundreds were injured. It has been reported that the horrible derailment might have been prevented if speed control safeguards had been in-stalled on this particular section of track. 
What we have here in this Congress— 
my Republican friend, the senior Sen-ator from Kentucky, is talking about the Senate running better than ever. I think not. 
The story of our Nation’s infrastruc-
ture woes is very clear. We have the technology. This great country has the resources. But my friends will not ap-propriate any money to do this. Stun-ningly, time and again, we have failed to fix the problems—one big pothole. Fifty percent of our roads are deficient, and 64,000 bridges are structurally defi-cient. Specifically, Republicans in Con-gress have refused to work with Demo-crats in making an adequate long-term investment in our country’s service transportation. 
What we have here time after time 
are short-term extensions of the high-way bill. Before the Republicans hit town here, we used to do long-term highway bills—they have stood in the way of doing that—so that the Depart-ment of Transportation and leaders in all 50 States could plan ahead. That is why we did these long-term bills. The way it is now, a 2-month extension or a 6-month extension does not work. It is terribly inefficient and very, very ex-pensive. 
The highway trust fund runs out in 
about 8 or 10 weeks. The authorization for the Federal highway program ex-pires later this month. Later this month, if we have not extended the highway bill, there could be no money spent on highways. 
The fact that these programs are ex-
piring is no secret. Our Republican col-leagues have known about this dead-line for months and months. Yet here we are at the end of May, and Repub-licans are no closer to crafting a long- term investment in our roads, bridges, and railways. They have not had a markup in the four committees of ju-risdiction. In fact, Republicans are try-ing to do the opposite. They are going to the extreme of gutting our already 
inadequate transportation. 
Look at what happened with Amtrak. 
The House Republicans chose to cut Amtrak in the hours just after the de-railment by a quarter of a billion dol-lars. Who could help but be astonished by this act of carelessness? 
Former Pennsylvania Governor Ed 
Rendell, who knows quite a bit about Pennsylvania, speaking of the Repub-licans in Congress said: ‘‘Normally, after a tragedy, a pipeline bursts, a bridge collapses, everyone for a couple of weeks says ‘we’ve really got to do something.’ Here, less than 12 hours after seven people died’’—of course, now it is eight—‘‘these Republicans in Congress didn’t even have the decency to table the vote.’’ 
They went right ahead and did it, 
cutting a quarter of a billion dollars from Amtrak. 
In addition to what it does and does 
not do to highways, our bridges, our dams, is the fact that it stops job cre-ation. Every billion dollars we spend on highway construction, infrastructure development, we create 47,500 high-pay-ing jobs. Instead of slashing Federal funding or putting critical transpor-tation infrastructure on the back burn-er, we should be crafting a long-term plan to boost our Nation’s investment and infrastructure. 
With precious little time before the 
Federal highway program expires, there is no hope for anything but a short-term authorization longer than a few months. We understand that. We are not happy about it, but that is the reality of the situation that the Repub-licans have forced us to be in. 
The U.S. highway system is crucial 
to our Nation’s economic well-being. It is how we move goods and services. It is central to American families who use our roads and bridges every day. 
The American Society of Civil Engi-
neers predicts that our economy will lose $1 trillion without adequate infra-structure investment. That is almost 3.5 million jobs, and some say more than that. 
Congress must invest in working 
families and businesses by addressing our Nation’s transportation needs. I in-vite congressional Republicans to work with us in building bipartisan con-sensus to ensure a strong and robust investment in our Nation’s infrastruc-ture. What is being done as we speak is that they are trying to patch together a 2-month extension. A 2-month exten-sion or a 6-month extension, I think, is the wrong way to go. It is not good for our country. 
Would the Chair announce the busi-
ness before the Senate today. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will be in a period of morning business until 3 
p.m., with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. 
The Senator from Utah. 
f 
HIGHWAY BILL 
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I wish to 
take just a few minutes today to talk about the ongoing effort to maintain funding for the highway trust fund. 
As we all know, while the highway 
trust fund currently has a large enough balance in terms of funding to last an-other 2 months, contracting authority expires at the end of May. Therefore, unless this Congress acts before we break for the Memorial Day recess, we will start seeing work stoppages on transportation projects around the country. 
No one wants to see that. There is bi-
partisan agreement on that basic point. There is similar agreement on the desire for a long-term highway bill. Members of both parties are tired of kicking the can down the road and want to see a real, long-term fix. The 
problem is that the bipartisan agree-ment tends to end there. 
The gold standard for a future, long- 
term highway bill has been set at 6 years. That is what everyone appar-ently wants to see happen, though few have offered workable solutions on how to pay for it. 
According to CBO, a 6-year highway 
bill would cost a little more than $90 billion. That is not chump change, even by Congress’s standards. It takes real work and significant policy changes to raise that kind of money. One party cannot do it alone. It takes coopera-tion and compromise, something that, unfortunately, has been lacking around here for some time. 
As the chairman of the committee 
with jurisdiction over the funding for highways, I am committed to finding a solution that gets us as far into the fu-ture as possible before we have to re-
visit the issue again. Toward that end, I have been working with Chairman R
YAN of the House Ways and Means 
Committee and others on a path for-ward. 
Our initial plan was to pull together 
enough funding to get us through the end of 2015. That would have cost roughly $11 billion—with a ‘‘b’’—not an insignificant number, by any means, but very doable under the cir-cumstances. 
We had roughly $5 billion in agreed- 
upon tax compliance offsets from the previous highway episode late last year. Chairman R
YANand I thought it 
seemed reasonable to couple that with an equal amount in spending reduc-tions and reforms, getting us very close to what we would need to get the coun-try through the rest of the year on highways. 
For a time, it appeared as though at 
least some of our colleagues on the other side were willing to work with us on this general framework. Unfortu-nately, that cooperation did not last. In fact, it never really began. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:58 May 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18MY6.002 S18MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2951 May 18, 2015 
Last week, rather than even consider 
a path forward that includes spending reductions, our Democratic counter-parts, at the urging of their leadership here in the Senate, effectively walked away from the negotiating table. As a result, it appears that the only imme-diate path forward is to extend con-tracting authority until the end of July, when the funding runs out, set-ting us up for another deadline and po-tential cliff in just a few short weeks. 
Let me be clear, I do not fault Repub-
lican leaders in either Chamber for taking this route. It was, given the short timetable, the only option left after Democrats failed to engage in meeting us halfway with a balanced package of compliance revenue and spending reductions. 
But make no mistake, we are going 
to be here again in 2 months, facing the same problem, because unless someone has $90 billion just lying around, a long-term highway solution is not going to simply materialize between now and July. Don’t get me wrong, fix-ing it in December was going to be dif-ficult as well, but in the end it will likely take at least that long to find a solution that has a chance of passing through both Chambers. 
The other side’s strategy appears 
pretty transparent. They clearly have two goals in mind. First, they think that if they make Republicans vote on highway funding over and over again, we can be cajoled into accepting their preferred solution, which is a large tax hike. Second, they think that by main-taining a constant state of chaos and uncertainty, they can make the Repub-lican-led Congress look bad or look in-effectual. 
That first goal is pretty predictable. 
After all, a tax hike is their answer to pretty much every question that arises here. I hope I am wrong on the appar-ent second goal. If I am right, it is just sad. Apparently, after spending years in the majority trying to make sure the Senate never did anything produc-tive, their goals have not changed now that they are in the minority. 
But things are different now. These 
days, we are getting things done in the Senate, much to the consternation of some of my friends on the other side of the aisle. Despite this most recent shift on highway funding, I am confident we can work together to find a workable path forward. It just may take a few more votes to get us there. 
Today, though I am frustrated, I am 
undeterred. I am committed to finding a long-term solution to our highway problems. I plan to keep working with my colleagues on finding a way to get us there, particularly Chairman I
NHOFE , whose committee deals with 
much of the highway policy, as well as those who serve on the Finance and Ways and Means Committees. 
The highway bill should be a bipar-
tisan effort. It used to be. Hopefully, after we get this latest episode behind us, it will be again. PROTECTING STATES’ RIGHTS TO 
PROMOTE AMERICAN ENERGY SECURITY ACT 
Mr. HATCH. Finally, Mr. President, I 
would also like to briefly talk about legislation I introduced earlier this year, the Protecting States’ Rights to Promote American Energy Security Act, which reinforces States’ already effective regulatory practices relating to hydraulic fracturing. 
This important piece of legislation 
recognizes States’ demonstrated abil-ity to properly address hydraulic frac-turing and allows them to continue regulating on this issue. Importantly, this legislation does not prevent the Bureau of Land Management from pro-mulgating baseline standards where none exist. 
As background, for over 60 years, 
States have safely and successfully reg-ulated hydraulic fracturing in a way that protects the environment. When I was in the oil business back in the early 1970s, hydraulic fracturing was being used then, although it has been brought clearly into a much more safe and responsible way since. Even the Obama administration has admitted there has never been an example of harm to human health or groundwater contamination caused by hydraulic fracturing under existing State regula-tions and oversight. 
States should be able to continue to 
regulate hydraulic fracturing, and swift passage of this bill will afford needed certainty and future security for emerging U.S. energy development companies. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
important legislation. 
With that, I suggest the absence of a 
quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. HATCH. Madam President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. 
E
RNST ). Without objection, it is so or-
dered. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING 
BUSINESS 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Morning 
business is closed. 
f 
ENSURING TAX EXEMPT ORGANI-
ZATIONS THE RIGHT TO APPEAL ACT 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will re-sume consideration of H.R. 1314, which the clerk will report. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 1314) to amend the Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determinations of tax-exempt status of cer-tain organizations. 
Pending: Hatch amendment No. 1221, in the nature 
of a substitute. 
Hatch (for Flake) amendment No. 1243 (to 
amendment No. 1221), to strike the extension of the trade adjustment assistance program. 
Hatch (for Lankford) amendment No. 1237 
(to amendment No. 1221), to establish consid-eration of the conditions relating to reli-gious freedom of parties to trade negotia-tions as an overall negotiating objective of the United States. 
Brown amendment No. 1242 (to amendment 
No. 1221), to restore funding for the trade ad-justment assistance program to the level es-tablished by the Trade Adjustment Assist-ance Extension Act of 2011. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the time until 5:30 p.m. will be equally divided between the two managers or their designees. 
The Senator from Utah. Mr. HATCH. Thank you, Madam 
President. 
Finally, at long last, the Senate has 
begun its debate on the Bipartisan Trade Priorities and Accountability Act of 2015, a bipartisan and bicameral bill to renew trade promotion author-ity or TPA. As one of the authors of this legislation, I am glad we have got-ten to this point and look forward to a spirited and fulsome debate on the floor. 
This legislation has been in the 
works for a long time. As we all know, the previous iteration of TPA expired in 2007. The original version was origi-nally enacted in 2002. In other words, it has been 13 years since Congress seri-ously considered legislation to renew trade promotion authority. I think it is safe to say that at least for those who focus on trade policy, the debate and discussion surrounding what would go into the next TPA bill has been going on that entire time. 
For me, while I have long been a sup-
porter of free trade and TPA, the real work on this bill began in earnest in the spring of 2013. I worked for the bet-ter part of a year with former Chair-man Max Baucus and Dave Camp on legislation to renew TPA for a 21st cen-tury economy. We introduced our bill— which, in many ways, formed the basis for the legislation we are debating now—in January of last year. 
This year, when I became chairman 
of the Senate Finance Committee, I sought to work with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to make im-provements to the bill in order to broaden its support. Most notably, I worked closely with my colleagues on the Finance Committee and with chair-man P
AULRYANof the House Ways and 
Means Committee to craft an improved TPA bill. Senator W
YDEN and I work 
well together, and we were able to bring this bill to fruition. I think we were successful. 
Indeed, we were able to build upon 
the efforts of last Congress to make important changes that will enhance Congress’s role in crafting our trade policy and improve overall trans-parency and accountability. We intro-duced our bill on April 16, and on April 22, the Finance Committee reported 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:58 May 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18MY6.003 S18MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2952 May 18, 2015 
the bill along with a few other impor-
tant trade bills you may have heard about. 
The vote on our TPA bill was 20 to 6. 
The last time the Senate Finance Com-mittee reported a TPA bill on the Sen-ate floor was 1988. While we passed other TPA bills in the nearly three dec-ades since that time, this is the first to go through regular order, including a full committee process and original consideration on the floor. 
I want to thank my colleagues, in 
both the House and the Senate, who have worked with me to get us to this point, especially Senator W
YDEN and 
others on the Democratic side as well and certainly everybody on the Repub-lican side. The fact that we are now on the floor debating this bill is, in and of itself, a milestone. In fact, I would call it historic, but let’s not fool ourselves. We still have a long way to go. 
Let’s talk about the bill for just a 
moment. I would like to begin by ad-dressing the most basic question: What is TPA or trade promotion authority? Put simply, TPA is the most important tool Congress has to advance our Na-tion’s trade agenda. Specifically, TPA represents a compact between the Sen-ate, the House, and the administration. Under this arrangement, the adminis-tration agrees to pursue objectives specified by Congress and agrees to consult with Congress as it negotiates trade agreements. In return, both the House and Senate agree to allow for time-specific consideration of trade agreements without amendments. This ensures that Congress leads the way in setting our Nation’s trade agenda while giving our trade negotiators in the ad-ministration the tools necessary to reach high-standard trade agreements. 
Why is this compact so important? 
There are a number of reasons, but for now I will just focus on two. First, the TPA compact ensures that Congress has a voice in setting trade priorities before a trade agreement is finalized. By setting clear negotiating objectives in a TPA bill, Congress is able to speci-fy what a potential trade agreement must contain in order to gain passage. 
Second, the compact allows our trade 
negotiators to deliver on an agreement. As our negotiators work with our trad-ing partners on trade agreements, they need to be able to give assurance that the deal they sign will be the one Con-gress votes on. They cannot do that without TPA. In a sense, without TPA, our trading partners are negotiating not only with the professionals at USTR but also with all 535 Members of Congress, whose views and priorities may be unknown or unknowable. Under this scenario, our partners will not put their best efforts on the table because many will have no guarantees that the agreement they reach will remain in-tact once it goes through Congress. In short, TPA is essential for both the conclusion and passage of strong trade agreements. 
I would like to take a few minutes to 
talk about some of the specifics of our bill. First of all, our TPA bill updates 
the congressional negotiating objec-tives to focus trade agreements on set-ting fair rules and tearing down bar-
riers to trade. In fact, the TPA bill we are now debating now contains the clearest articulation of congressional trade priorities in our Nation’s history, including nearly 150 ambitious, high- standard negotiating objectives, most of them designed to break down bar-riers that American exporters face in the 21st century economy. 
Under the bill, future trade agree-
ments must include strong inter-national rules to counter unfair trade practices, including those related to currency, digital piracy, cross-border data flows, cyber theft of trade secrets, localization barriers, nonscientific san-itary and phytosanitary practices, state-owned enterprises, and labor and environmental policies. 
Our bill also requires that U.S. trade 
agreements reflect a standard of intel-lectual property rights protection similar to that found in U.S. law. We also call for an end to the theft of U.S. intellectual property by foreign gov-ernments, including piracy and the theft of trade secrets and for the elimi-nation of measures that require U.S. companies to locate their intellectual property abroad in return for market access. 
Finally, the TPA bill expands con-
gressional engagement in ongoing and future negotiations by ensuring that Members can review proposals and dis-cuss them with our trade negotiators. The bill also creates new congressional oversight mechanisms to ensure that the administration—whichever admin-istration it is—closely adheres to the objectives set by Congress, including a new procedure that Congress can em-ploy if our trade negotiators fail to consult or make progress toward meet-ing the negotiating objectives. As you can see, this bill addresses the needs of our modern economy, and it fully takes into account the concerns expressed by Members of Congress and the American public about the trade negotiating process. 
The legislation before us also con-
tains the Finance Committee’s bill to reauthorize trade adjustment assist-ance or TAA. I think I have made it pretty clear that I am not TAA’s big-gest fan. I oppose the program in gen-eral and voted against the TAA bill in committee, but from the outset of this process, it was clear to us on the Re-publican side that we would have to swallow hard and allow TAA to pass in order to get TPA across the finish line. Toward that end, we joined the two bills together on the floor. 
In short, this is a good bill and one 
that Members of both parties should be able to support. 
As I mentioned, the vote in the Fi-
nance Committee in favor of TPA was 20 to 6. I hope we will get a similar bi-partisan result on the floor. I think we can. 
To conclude, I just want to make it 
clear that I am not naive. I am well aware not everyone agrees with me on 
these issues. There are some—including a few of our colleagues in the Senate— who oppose what we are trying to do with this legislation. They oppose TPA and virtually all free-trade agree-ments. In essence, though they usually deny it, they oppose trade in general. 
Of course, I respect the views of my 
colleagues on these matters as well as any others on which we happen to dis-agree, but let’s be clear about a few things. When you oppose TPA and trade agreements, you stand against the creation of new, higher paying jobs for American workers. You stand against American farmers, ranchers, manufacturers, entrepreneurs, and the workers they employ who need access to foreign markets, and you stand against the advancement of American values and interests on the world stage. 
I will have more to say on the floor 
about these issues in the coming days about how TPA and trade agreements can help small businesses agriculture and how important our trade policies are to our national security. I plan to do all I can to make the case that U.S. trade with foreign countries is a good thing and that this legislation rep-resents our best opportunity to ad-vance a trade agenda that works for America. 
For now, I will just say once again 
that while I am pleased—very pleased, in fact—that we made it this far on TPA, I will not be satisfied until we have a bill on the President’s desk—a President who is behind this bill, strongly supportive of it, and has en-couraged us every step of the way. 
As I have stated, we need to have a 
fair and open debate on these issues. I am committed to hearing arguments, considering amendments, and dem-onstrating how a functioning Senate is supposed to operate. I hope my col-leagues will join me in that type of dis-cussion. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Oregon. 
Mr. WYDEN. Madam President, first, 
let me thank Chairman H
ATCH for our 
partnership over these many months, and let me be clear at the outset that I agree with much of what Chairman H
ATCH has said. What I would like to 
start with is what I think is the bed-rock principle of this debate about trade and put it all straightforward and upfront; that is, this is about trade done right. This is not the trade policy of the 1990s. This is not the NAFTA playbook. It is not even the 2002 TPA package. I realize the Presiding Officer was not in the Senate at that time. After my opening remarks, I am going to start outlining the 30 progressive changes in the 2015 TPA package that were not in the 2002 program to show how different this trade policy will be. 
The point of what I have started 
with—this focus on trade done right—is to drive home the potential for more good-paying jobs for our workers. This 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:58 May 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18MY6.004 S18MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2953 May 18, 2015 
would be true in Oregon, Utah, Iowa, 
and across the land. In my State, one out of five jobs revolves around ex-ports. The export jobs often pay better 
than do the nontrade jobs. 
The reason I bring this up is I do not 
think there is any more pressing eco-nomic issue in our country than find-ing ways to increase wages for Ameri-cans and particularly the middle class and those who aspire to be middle class. The facts demonstrate clearly that the export jobs often pay better than do the nonexport jobs. The reason that is the case is because there is often a very large value-added compo-nent. There is increased productivity. The fact is, when we grow things in Iowa or Oregon or any other part of the country and make things in America and we add value to them, then we can ship them somewhere. 
What the Department of Commerce 
has found in a number of their analyses is that those export-related jobs often pay better than do the nonexport jobs. 
The reason I am starting with this is 
that this is particularly relevant given the potential market that is out there for the people of Oregon, Iowa, and every other part of our country. The analysis shows that by 2025, there are going to be about 1 billion middle-class consumers in the developing world—1 billion people with a significant amount of disposable income. I think they want to buy the Oregon brand, they want to buy the American brand. They are going to be interested in buy-ing our computers. They are going to want to buy our wine and agricultural products. They are going to buy our helicopters. They are going to buy our planes. They are going to buy a whole host of products. The question is, Are Americans going to reap the fruit of those export opportunities? That, fun-damentally, is what this is all about with respect to exports and particu-larly employment opportunities. 
The reality is that our markets are 
basically open, but a lot of the coun-tries that are part of the region we are looking at for the first agreement— what is called the Trans-Pacific Part-nership—have markets that are much more closed. They have double- and tri-ple-digit tariffs. I suspect the Presiding Officer is very concerned about the double- and triple-digit tariffs on agri-cultural commodities. Certainly, the people of Oregon are very concerned about the consequences of those huge tariffs on our agricultural goods. 
So, as we start this discussion, right 
at the center is this focus on what I call trade done right and my view that trade done right can create an enor-mous array of economic opportunities for hard-working middle-class Ameri-cans who deserve to have us come up with policies that shape a better future for them rather than the alternative. 
Make no mistake about the alter-
native. If we walk off the field, China comes onto the field and China says: Fine; we are happy to write the rules. 
To me—I am going to outline this— 
what Chairman H
ATCH and I and others have produced is a policy that will 
force standards up as opposed to much of what critics say about past trade policies, that they drive—it is a race to the bottom, that it drives standards down. This is a piece of legislation which is going to drive up standards. 
With that, I am going to start out-
lining the differences between the 2015 TPA package and the 2002 TPA pack-age. I am going to start with the re-quirement for labor, the environment, and affordable medicines. 
In 2002, there was no requirement for 
trading partners’ laws to comply with core international labor standards. Let me repeat that. In 2002—more than a dozen years ago—there was no require-ment for trading partners’ laws to com-ply with core international labor standards. Under the package Chair-man H
ATCH and our colleagues and I on 
the Finance Committee have produced, trading partners must adopt and main-tain core international labor stand-ards, and there are trade sanctions if they do not comply. It could not be more different—the rules from 2002 TPA and the rules for 2015 under what Chairman H
ATCH and I and others on 
the Finance Committee insisted on. 
Let’s talk about the environment. I 
mentioned labor first. Let’s talk about the environment. In 2002, there was no requirement for trading partners’ laws to comply with common multilateral environmental agreements. In 2015, under the bipartisan Finance package, trading partners must adopt and main-tain common multilateral environ-mental agreements, and there are trade sanctions if they do not comply. Again, 2002 and 2015—the differences could not be more stark with respect to environ-mental protection. 
With respect to affordable medicines, 
in 2002, there were no provisions bal-ancing intellectual property protec-tions to ensure access to medicines for developing countries. In 2015, there are directives for trade agreements to pro-mote access to medicine and foster in-novation. 
I do want to yield to the distin-
guished majority leader, but I wanted to begin this debate—particularly when Chairman H
ATCH is on the floor—by 
highlighting the differences between 2002 and 2015, particularly in areas so important to the American people, such as labor, environmental protec-tion, and access to medicines. 
I know we all want to hear from the 
distinguished majority leader. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-
jority leader is recognized. 
ORDER OF BUSINESS  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Madam President, 
I thank my good friend from Oregon, and I congratulate both the Senator from Oregon and the chairman of the Finance Committee, Senator H
ATCH , 
for moving this important legislation forward. 
Thursday’s vote to open this debate 
on trade was very important for our country. It brought middle-class fami-lies one step closer to the increased 
American exports and American trade jobs our economy needs. It took a lot of work to get us this far. It is going to take a lot more of that kind of work to bring these American jobs over the fin-ish line. Cooperation from both sides of the aisle will be critical to doing so. For instance, we were ready to be in 
session on Friday to get more of our work done on trade and allow Senators from both parties the chance to offer amendments. All the unnecessary de-laying and filibustering we have seen has left us with less time for debate and amendments on this bill—less time for debate and amendments on this bill. It cost the Senate over a week in lost time. 
We have been hearing some inter-
esting suggestions from our friends about their level of cooperation over on the minority side. I would certainly agree that putting these words into ac-tion would be very good news for our country. This week, our colleagues will have the perfect opportunity to prove they are serious. They will have a chance to turn the page completely from the far left’s strategy of wasting time on trade for its own sake, on an issue we all know is President Obama’s top domestic legislative priority. 
I want to be very clear. The Senate 
will finish its work on trade this week. We will remain in session as long as it takes to do so. I know we became used to hearing these types of statements in the past, but Senators should know that I am quite serious. I would advise against making any sort of travel ar-rangements until the path forward be-comes clear. It is also my intention this week to address the highways issue and to responsibly extend the ex-piring provisions of FISA. The quickest way to get there would be to cooperate across the aisle so we can pass the trade bill in a thoughtful but efficient manner. I know Members on both sides are going to want a chance to offer amendments to the bill. They should offer amendments. I am for that. I en-courage them to do so, both Repub-licans and Democrats. Now is the time for Senators from both parties to offer those amendments and work with the bill managers to set up the vote. 
This is where our Democratic friends’ 
rhetoric about working cooperatively in the minority will be put to the test. The more our colleagues across the aisle try to throw sand in the gears this week, the less opportunity Mem-bers—including Members of their own party—will have for amendments. So I hope they will not do that. 
We have a lot to get accomplished. 
We have 1 less week to do so. That is why I would encourage Members of both parties to bring their amendments to the bill managers and work to get them pending. Let’s process amend-ments from both sides—both sides—and then let’s pass this bill so we can boost American jobs and exports by knocking down unfair barriers to the things we make and grow right here in America. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:58 May 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18MY6.008 S18MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2954 May 18, 2015 
Let me be clear again. This week, we 
will finish the trade promotion author-ity bill. We will act on a highway ex-tension and we will act on FISA before we leave for the Memorial Day recess. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Whole 
yields time? 
The Senator from Ohio. Mr. BROWN. Madam President, I ap-
preciate the majority leader’s com-ments. I know Senator S
ESSIONS will be 
speaking in a moment. 
Madam President, I ask unanimous 
consent that Senator S ESSIONS succeed 
me after I speak for up to 10 minutes. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. BROWN. Madam President, I 
would remind the majority leader that the last time he used the term, ‘‘We shouldn’t waste our time on trade,’’ meaning not that we shouldn’t pass this trade agreement—of course he sup-ports that—but that we should not spend so much time on trade—the last time, 13 years ago, when Congress de-bated a trade issue, it led to much smaller trade agreements; most imme-diately, the Central America Free Trade Agreement. That was the one President Bush most wanted to nego-tiate at that time, if I recall. That de-bate lasted for 3 weeks. I am not sug-gesting this debate last 3 weeks, but I am suggesting that to say we are wast-ing our time on trade, on a long debate, on a thorough debate with a number of amendments, is a bit of a reach. 
I would add that this trade agree-
ment, this fast-track, speaks to, ulti-mately, at least 60 percent of the world’s GDP; first, the Trans-Pacific Partnership, which is pretty much al-ready negotiated, even though the USTR will not let much of this trade agreement actually see the light of day prior to voting on fast-track; and, sec-ond, once TTIP—the United States-Eu-ropean Union agreement—is brought to the Senate and House for approval, that will mean 60 percent of the world’s GDP will be included. 
So to say we can only debate this for 
3 days and squeeze the number of amendments, when I know that at least a dozen Senators, at least a dozen more, probably like a dozen and a half on the Democratic side alone—I know a number of Republicans have amend-ments too—want to offer amendments, want them debated on, and want them voted on. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1242 
So the first amendment that I believe 
we will vote on tonight is my amend-ment on trade adjustment assistance. Everyone acknowledges—from those who oppose TPA and oppose TPP to its most vehement cheerleaders, the Wall Street Journal editorial board, a num-ber of conservative think tanks, and a number of free-trade advocates—that trade agreements result in winners and losers because they bring dislocation in the economy. We can debate whether the winners outweigh the losers—I don’t think they do. I think the losers outweigh the winners in what happens 
in trade. 
I know that the wealthiest 5 percent 
in this country, by and large, gain from these trade agreements, but the broad middle and below typically lose from these trade agreements. I know what they have done to my State. I know what they have done to the Presiding Officer’s State, and I know what they have done especially to manufacturing. 
What is not debatable is some indus-
tries are going to get hurt, some com-munities will be hollowed out, some worker jobs will be lost. We know that. We owe it to workers who are going to have their lives upended, through no fault of their own, to do everything we can to ease the transition. 
Think about that. We make a deci-
sion—President Obama asks us to pass this, the Republican leadership asks us to pass this, and the Senate Republican leadership in the House, joining Presi-dent Obama—to pass this. So the deci-sions we make here—the President of the United States and Members of Con-gress—will cost people their jobs. We know that whether you are for TPA or not. 
We know some people will lose their 
jobs because of these trade agreements. We owe it to them, to those workers who have lost jobs, to those commu-nities that experience devastation, small towns that have seen plants close. That creates devastation in those towns. We owe it to provide training and assistance to help those communities, to help those workers get back on their feet. 
That is why I am calling on all my 
colleagues—regardless of how you feel about the Trans-Pacific Partnership, regardless of how you are going to vote on fast-track—to support this amend-ment, which restores trade adjustment assistance funding levels to $575 mil-lion a year. This is the same level that was included in the bipartisan TAA bill in 2011. One-quarter of current Senate Republicans—sitting Senate Repub-licans, one-quarter of them—voted for that higher number. 
This amendment is fully paid for. I 
know some of you think that $450 mil-lion, the amount included in the under-lying bill, is sufficient, but it is not. The truth is that $450 million likely will not be enough. In 2009 and 2010, TAA cost $685 million each year. 
If you take the average of funding 
levels for the 3 years when program eli-gibility was nearly the same as the one we are considering today, TAA expend-itures averaged $571 million a year. Put on top of that what has happened with the South Korea trade agreement—pre-dictions of job growth, almost identical numbers, except it was job loss—that means more people eligible for TAA. Put on top of that the Trans-Pacific Partnership. 
We know there will be winners and 
losers. The losers need help. Add that to the dollar figures we need for Trade adjustment assistance. TAA helps workers retrain for new jobs so they can compete. We have clear evidence 
that TAA works. It helps workers de-velop the skills they need to find work and stay employed. 
If we are going to compete, we need 
to invest in these workers to make sure they are ready to meet that global competition. 
Right now, this body considers fast- 
track authority for trade agreements that encompass 60 percent of the world’s economy. Now is exactly the wrong time to underinvest in training workers. If we don’t support my amendment, that is what we are doing. Make no mistake, if you go home after voting no on this dollar figure, of put-ting it back to where this Congress voted on it only 4 years ago, you are leaving workers behind. You are under-investing in workers. You are showing that these workers who lose their jobs because of South Korea, these workers who lose their jobs because of NAFTA, CAFTA or what has happened with PNTR or the South Korea trade agree-ment, you are saying to those workers: Sorry. We don’t have enough money to take care of you—even though it was our actions in the House, the Senate, and this President who caused those workers to lose their jobs. 
This is the same level that, in 2011, 70 
Senators supported, including 14 cur-rent Republican Senators who sit in this body today. In 2011, 307 Members of the House of Representatives also sup-ported the dollar figure that this amendment calls for. I ask my col-leagues, including the nearly one-quar-ter—the fully one-quarter of Senate Republicans who supported it at this level—to support it again today. If we are going to pursue aggressive trade promotion, an aggressive trade pro-motion agenda, we owe it to our work-ers, we owe it to our businesses, we owe it to our communities to make sure they are ready for the competition that is about to come their way. 
We have a moral obligation to help 
the families whose livelihoods will be yanked out from under them, not from something they did wrong, not from a decision they made but from a decision we in this body made to change the rules. 
We know that will happen. We saw it 
with NAFTA. We saw it with CAFTA. We are seeing it with Korea. We know we will see it again with TPP. 
There is no question that potential 
new trade agreements we are consid-ering will create economic loss. There is no question that Americans will lose jobs. There is no question. Nobody dis-putes that. 
Are we not to take care of those 
workers who lose their jobs? Again, it wasn’t their decision. It was our deci-sion, in this body, to vote for these trade agreements and then not to fund those workers’ comebacks, not to help those workers get back on their feet, 
not to retrain those workers who lost their jobs because of what we did in this body. Talk about a moral issue. 
It is our duty to look out for those 
workers who end up on the losing end 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:58 May 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18MY6.009 S18MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2955 May 18, 2015 
of our defined trade policy. That is why 
I ask my colleagues to join me in sup-porting trade adjustment assistance today at levels that this Congress over-whelmingly agreed to in a bipartisan manner 4 years ago. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Alabama. 
Mr. SESSIONS. Madam President, I 
thank the Senator from Ohio for allow-ing me to speak, for suggesting I speak next, which was my understanding I would be able to do. 
We have good people on both sides of 
this issue, but Senator B
ROWN is an ad-
vocate, and I think he has made some good points with regard to the ques-tions facing America. 
Our colleagues earlier said this is a 
trade deal done right. Well, in a way that seems to say: don’t pay attention to previous trade deals that haven’t done so well. 
We have a number of people who live 
in the business world, who trade inter-nationally regularly, and they say this is not a good trade deal, and it will not work. We also hear it said frequently that we want increased wages for Americans by everybody on both sides of this issue. 
But the proponents of the legisla-
tion—if you watch carefully what they have been saying—they are only saying it will only increase wages in export in-dustries, not across the economy. And we know that in this Nation our ex-ports amount to only 13 percent of GDP, which is the lowest in the devel-oped world. We don’t have a lot of ex-ports. Perhaps, if we export more, maybe wages will go up a little bit, but if we import more in other industries in the 87 percent, we might see a de-cline in wages and jobs. 
So what are the facts? More exports 
are good, but if increased imports dwarf increased exports, it is not so good as a result of this agreement, es-pecially when we have had virtually a six-year-record trade deficit in March and one of the worst quarters in years—the first quarter of this year—in importing more than we export. 
So the Korea agreement didn’t live 
up to the promises we had for it. I sup-ported it. I voted for it. But will this one be any better? Don’t we need to know? 
So I asked five questions of the Presi-
dent more than 10 days ago. 
First, regarding jobs and wages. On 
net, will TPP increase the total num-ber of manufacturing jobs in the United States, generally, or reduce them and auto manufacturing jobs, specifically. 
Will hourly wages for U.S. workers 
go up or down? Don’t you have that in-formation? Shouldn’t that be shared with us before we vote? 
Regarding trade deficits, I ask: Will 
TPP reduce or increase our cumulative trade deficit with TPP countries over-all? 
And with the big, new members, it 
will be significantly impacted—Japan and Vietnam, specifically. Regarding China, could TPP member 
countries add new countries—including China—to the agreement without fu-ture congressional approval? 
Some have tried to say it can’t be 
done. You have to go down in the se-cret room here, read it, and you are very limited in what you can find out. But as I have read the agreement, I don’t think there is any doubt that under WTO rules which will be adopted, new members can be added without a vote of Congress. 
Regarding the phrase, the ‘‘living 
agreement’’ that is in this deal, the fact that the agreement itself said this is unprecedented. It is the first time we have ever had language like ‘‘living agreement’’ in a trade deal. 
What does that mean? Can the agree-
ment be changed after adoption with-out congressional action? It appears so. 
So I have asked, Mr. President, make 
this living agreement language—it is not much—public, and let’s discuss and analyze just what it means. Does it mean the President can meet with other countries, even vote against a change in trade policy or an agreement with them, lose the vote and have law of Congress overridden or us be in vio-lation of the agreement, subject to sanctions by the Commission or inter-national body. 
And will the President state, explic-
itly, and accept language that would mean that rules regarding immigration would not be changed? I hope we can do that. 
I will just say I see my colleague and 
admired chairman of the Finance Com-mittee on the floor. He has been willing to meet with my staff, talk respect-fully about these issues, and consider how to wrestle through them. I hope we can make some progress, but I am con-cerned we might not make sufficient progress. 
We need to think about these things. 
It can no longer be denied that wages for American workers have been flat or even falling for decades. One analysis says that real hourly wages today are lower than they were in 1973. At the same time, the share of Americans ac-tually working—the percentage of Americans in their working years who are actually working—has steadily de-clined to its lowest level in four dec-ades. 
The middle class is shrinking. I wish 
it were not so. 
CNN recently summarized the results 
of a Pew study which found: 
Most states saw median incomes fall be-
tween 2000 and 2013, an ominous sign for the well-being of the middle class. . . . 
That is really a catastrophe. So in 13 
years we have seen a steady decline in wages for the middle class. 
A separate Pew Research Center 
study shows that the share of adults in middle-income households has fallen from 61 percent in 1970 to 51 percent in 2013. The erosion over the past four decades has been sure and steady. That is the Pew research. 
They continue: If past trends continue to hold, there is lit-
tle reason to believe the recovery from the Great Recession will eventually lead to a re-bound in the share of adults in middle-in-come households. 
In other words, they are going to be 
below a middle-income level. And that is not good. Don’t we, colleagues, have a responsibility to honestly say: What is causing this? 
We have had Democratic Presidents 
and Republican Presidents during this time. Trends are occurring out there. Some of them may be difficult to over-come. But don’t we need to talk about it more comprehensively? 
Pew further finds that while middle- 
income families—who are the majority of Americans by far—earned 62 percent of the Nation’s household income in 1970, today they earn only 44 percent of the Nation’s household income. So the sad fact is that the middle class is get-ting smaller. This has enormous impli-cations not just economically but so-cially. The size and strength of a mid-dle class impacts the health of a com-munity and a nation in many ways. What are we here for in the Senate if not to address, consider, and deal with these kinds of issues? We need to ask some tough questions about why the middle class is shrinking and why pay isn’t rising. 
I have no doubt that bigger govern-
ment, more regulations, more taxes, our huge $18 trillion debt and the inter-est we pay on it, and, lately, ObamaCare are important factors in weakening American economic growth and the wages of Americans. I truly be-lieve those are significant factors. But is that all there is? I am afraid there is more. It appears there are two other factors of significance that are not being sufficiently recognized or seri-ously discussed by any of our political, corporate, and academic leaders, or the media establishment. So it is time for us to begin a vigorous analysis of our conduct of trade. I believe that is one of the factors that may be impacting the wages and income of Americans. 
Over a number of years, I have point-
ed out that I believe immigration ac-tions are also containing the growth of wages, as economic studies repeatedly show. But what about trade? Do our 
policies like the Trans-Pacific Partner-ship concede too much to our mer-cantilist competitor allies? These are good countries—Japan, Vietnam. We want to see Vietnam develop and move into the world orbit. There are other countries, but those are the two big ones that would be most impacted by this agreement. 
We already have trade agreements 
with Canada, Mexico, Australia, Chile, and others. What about those that have a different philosophy on trade than we do—the mercantilist ideas? Do their actions over the years establish that they have developed trade and nontrade barrier systems that provide their workers and manufacturers sub-stantial advantages in the world mar-ketplace? Have they figured out how to utilize other barriers—other than just 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:09 May 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18MY6.011 S18MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2956 May 18, 2015 
tariffs—to advantage their manufac-
turers and jobs? 
It is astounding to me how little seri-
ous discussion there has been on these issues. 
For some trade advocates, even bad 
trade deals are good. Truly, this is so. Many advocates are quite open in their belief that as long as the consumer gets a lower price for their product, there should be no concern if American plants close, workers are laid off, and wages fall. They say that in their writings. The politicians don’t say it; they have to answer to the people. Many of the theorists for open borders and utterly free trade say that often. So I fear we have almost an obsession with trade agreements and that this is so strong that many TPP advocates don’t concern themselves with any-thing but that we admit more cheaper goods, that lower prices are good for consumers. 
That we are all consumers, there can 
be no doubt. That is a valuable thing, for consumers to have products at lower prices. I don’t dispute that. I know some do, but I don’t. But is any trade agreement good because it cre-ates more low-cost imports, especially if we are competing against partners who know how to cheat the system and gain manipulative advantage and we don’t stand up and try to correct that? 
Are trade deficits, which are at all- 
time-high levels, immaterial? Some say trade deficits don’t make much of a difference. They do. Is the continuing shuttering of American manufacturing of no concern? I think it is of great concern. Fundamentally, can America be strong without a manufacturing base? Can we be secure without a steel industry, which is getting hammered through unfair trade and dumping and other actions by our trading competi-tors? 
At bottom, we must ask whether our 
aggressive trading partners, using a mercantilist philosophy, may be gain-ing unfair advantage over the Amer-ican manufacturing base and workers in America. 
These nations—good nations, good al-
lies—are not religious about free trade. In general, while they assert their de-sire for expanded free trade, their ac-tual policies seek fewer U.S. exports to them using nontariff as well as tariff barriers, and our trade competitors use currency manipulation, subsidies, and other actions to expand their exports to us. Their goal is naturally to seek full employment in their countries while exporting their unemployment to our country. 
This refusal by many to acknowledge 
the mercantilist policies of our trading competitors has gone, it seems to me, from promoting healthy trading rela-tionships, to some sort of ideology, even to the nature—I have said, and others have as well—of a religion. If you just knock down all trade barriers, allow our competitors to use whatever tactics they want to use, accept any product that comes in that is cheaper, somehow we will have world peace, 
cancer will be cured, and the economy will boom. But forgive me if I am not willing to buy into that. 
Cheaper products are good, is what 
our promoters say. That is all you need to know. Don’t ask too many questions about facts. You are going to get cheaper products. That is the only thing that counts. 
Well, I don’t dismiss the advantage of 
cheaper products. It is a serious issue. This issue deserves everybody’s serious discussion. But I have to tell you, I am having my doubts. I have voted for other trade agreements, and I am un-easy about this. 
Conservatism is not an ideology; it 
is, as my friend Bob Tyrrell at the American Spectator likes to say, a cast of mind. It lives in the real world. And certainly the real world is not working so well for Middle America today. It is not. Their financial status continues to decline. 
The conservative thing to do at this 
point in time is to avoid any dramatic and sudden changes that destabilize families and communities further, to not accelerate the problem that exists. And let’s dig in deeply to the questions I ask: Will wages go up? Will trade defi-cits be reduced? 
By the way, the Korea Free Trade 
Agreement didn’t work so well. We were promised a number of things. President Obama promised the Korea Free Trade Agreement would increase U.S. goods exported by $10 billion to $11 billion. However, since the deal was ratified several years ago, our exports have risen only $0.8 billion—less than $1 billion—while Korean exports to the United States increased by more than $12 billion, widening our trade gap sub-stantially, almost doubling it. I am just telling you that is what was prom-ised, and the reality didn’t match the promises. So is it any wonder the American people are uneasy about these agreements? And I think all of us should be. We should look to be more careful about them. 
Capital is mobile. People can move 
money and invest anywhere in the world almost with the click of a com-puter button. But many times workers are not mobile like that. So when a company closes its plant in the United States and shifts production to a lower wage country, the company may make more money, but the workers in their communities, who cannot move over-seas, suddenly don’t have jobs, and they are hurt. 
Of course we can’t stop globalization 
in this economy. We can’t reverse the effects of trade. But we can work for trade agreements that create a more level playing field against our good but mercantilist, aggressive trading part-ners who look for advantages every day and who lust after access to the Amer-ican marketplace. That is what they want, but we don’t have to give that access unless they treat our products with respect and allow access to their marketplaces. So many in our country have an in-
flexible ideology that the United States and the American people should allow for the completely unrestricted movement of goods and labor into the United States, even when our trading partners manipulate rules for their ad-vantage. Those truest believers are most adamant about passing this fast- track legislation as fast as possible, with the least discussion possible. But the United States is a country, col-leagues, not an economy, and a coun-try’s job is first and foremost to pro-tect its citizens from military attacks and also from unfair trade policies that threaten our economic well-being. 
Any trade agreement we enter into 
should have a mutually beneficial im-pact on all parties, not just our coun-try but other countries that enter into the agreement. It should be mutually beneficial. That is what contracts do every day. It must not continue or fur-ther the decline of manufacturing in the United States. It should seek to end trade unfairness and to increase, not reduce, wages in the United States. 
We cannot afford to lose a single job 
nowadays to unfair competition or un-fair trade agreements. We are experi-encing a decline in wages, a decline in employment. We need to fight for every single job. And that means fair trade—you open your markets before you demand that we open ours. They haven’t done so, while we have main-tained open markets here. 
But the fast-track procedures ensure 
that any trade deal—which is yet un-seen—can pass through Congress with a minimum of actual scrutiny after years of soaring trade deficits. Shouldn’t we apply more scrutiny to trade agreements, not less? Are we afraid to ask tough questions? 
Take the issue of currency manipula-
tion. This President has refused to con-front this practice that provides a clear advantage for certain foreign competi-tors. His negotiations have refused to put any provisions in the Trans-Pacific Partnership that address this issue. And if Congress were to force it in, I am not sure he would even then enforce it. 
The people pushing for this trade 
agreement, my colleagues have to know, don’t want to confront the cur-rency manipulation. They think it is all right. They do not think it is a problem. It reduces the price of im-ports, so we should be thankful, they say. And under fast-track, there will be nothing we can do to amend or stop it. 
Finally, the reality is that this fast- 
track legislation is a significant vote. No fast-track deal, once passed, has ever been blocked. So if we want to confront currency manipulation and other unfair practices, our best bet is to have trade bills come before Con-gress through the regular order—not as a fast-track deal. Then Congress can properly exercise its responsibilities that have been delegated to us under the Constitution of the United States. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:58 May 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18MY6.013 S18MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2957 May 18, 2015 
I appreciate the able leaders of the 
committee who are advancing this leg-islation. I respect them and many of the arguments they have made. There is much value to them. But I am un-easy about where we are going today. I think we need to spend more time ana-lyzing the actual impact—not the theo-retical impact—of trade agreements— the actual results of our ability to pen-etrate the foreign markets. If we do that, maybe we can figure a way to ac-tually improve the financial condition of mainstream America. 
I thank the Chair, and I yield the 
floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Oregon. 
Mr. WYDEN. Madam President, be-
fore he leaves the floor, I just wish to respond to a couple of the points made by our colleague from Alabama, be-cause he brings up issues that Chair-man H
ATCH and I talked a great deal 
about during the discussion of this pro-posal. I would just like to respond very specifically to some of the concerns raised by the Senator, my friend from Alabama. 
My friend from Alabama said there 
would be no scrutiny—those were his words—of this particular agreement, and that it would be passed through as quickly as possible without any discus-sions. 
Now, that certainly is an area where 
I have been very concerned. Chairman H
ATCH has been concerned that there 
hasn’t been enough discussion in the past. So Chairman H
ATCH and I have 
changed this, and I want to be very clear what is going to happen now. 
First, for a full 60 days before the 
President of the United States signs an agreement—starting with TPP, the Trans-Pacific Partnership—it would have to be made public for those full 60 days before the President signs it. Then after that, there would be close to 2 additional months when the Amer-ican people would have the Trans-Pa-cific Partnership Agreement, or any other, in their hands before anyone casts a vote on an actual agreement on the floor of the Senate or in the other body, in the House of Representatives. 
So as to this idea that my friend 
from Alabama has said, that there wouldn’t be any scrutiny of anything, we are starting to get a little flack that it would be out there for too long before people started voting. But what this—— 
Mr. SESSIONS. Will the Senator 
yield for a question? 
Mr. WYDEN. If I could just finish my 
statement. 
Mr. SESSIONS. OK. Mr. WYDEN. I was happy to listen to 
my colleague. 
What this means is the people of Ala-
bama, Iowa, Oregon, and everywhere else could come to one of our townhall meetings, have the Trans-Pacific Part-nership Agreement in our lap, and ask questions of their elected representa-tives about a trade agreement for close to 4 months before it was voted on here or in the other body. I am going to have to leave for a 
meeting to talk again about how we are going to see if we can find some common ground, but I do want to ad-dress one other point that my col-league made, and that deals with this question of middle-class wages. 
My colleague and I agree completely 
that middle-class people are hurting. There is no question about it. We have millions of middle-class people in this country walking an economic tight-rope, balancing their food bill against their fuel bill and their fuel bill against their housing bill—no question about that. 
The difference of opinion here, be-
tween two Senators who enjoy each other’s company, is that my colleague from Alabama says the principal prob-lem is trade—that trade is the reason for this. Respectfully, the data from the Department of Commerce shows that export jobs—which is the focus of this bill and the focus of trade done right—pay better than do the nontrade jobs because they have a value-added kind of benefit to them. That is why— and I note for my friend from Alabama, who cares a great deal about the steel industry—the steel industry sent a let-ter to Chairman H
ATCH and me saying 
they were for this. The American steel industry sent a letter to Chairman H
ATCH and me saying they were for 
this because they know this is con-nected to producing more high-skilled, high-wage jobs, particularly in manu-facturing, where my State is a leader. 
So the question then becomes this: 
What are the big challenges? Certainly, technology is one, and globalization is one. Chairman H
ATCH and I have talked 
about flawed tax policy. I think it is particularly ominous that the tax breaks go for shipping jobs overseas rather than rewarding the manufactur-ers and those who produce what I call ‘‘red, white, and blue’’ jobs. 
But during the time that I have here 
on the floor, I am going to be talking about the differences between this trade promotion act proposal and the last one of 2002. Nothing could illus-trate the differences more than the new requirements for transparency and opportunity for the American people to weigh in. The facts are that, as a result of what Chairman H
ATCH and the Fi-
nance Committee have put together, the American people, before a vote is cast—before a vote is cast on a trade agreement here on the floor of the Sen-ate or on the floor of the other body, the American people are going to have those trade agreements in their hands for pretty close to 4 months. 
If my colleague wants to ask a ques-
tion, I am happy to yield my time to him. 
Mr. SESSIONS. Madam President, I 
thank Senator W
YDEN . He is so prin-
cipled, and I know his heart is right on all these issues. But there are some dis-agreements. 
I do think the Senator gives a little 
more time between the actual agree-ment being adopted and its passage, which is preferable. But the truth is 
that none of our fast-track agreements have ever been defeated. There seems to be a majority in both Houses that would vote for that, and once it is here, it is up or down. There is no other deal. We can’t have any amendments and lit-tle input from rank-and-file Senators, although the Finance Committee chairman and a few others get some en-hanced powers under this agreement— not the average Senator. 
So it is not the kind of—if we pass 
the fast-track, I think with 60 votes, I think we are on a path to adopt an agreement, if history is true. 
I noticed again my colleague said it 
would enhance salaries in export job areas. That might be so. Hopefully, we would have some increase in exports. In Korea, we had about a $1 billion in-crease or a little less, instead of 10. But it was a little increase. So maybe that would help a few jobs and a few sala-ries. 
But what about the others, the im-
ports that are coming in, imports that are coming in competing with Amer-ican manufacturing in whole massive areas of the economy? Isn’t that likely to close some factories? Isn’t it likely to put downward pressure on wages? I think so. 
Finally, I think the steel industry 
and some others are saying they can-not support this trade deal unless we do something about nontariff barriers, currency being one of them. That is what people have told me: If there isn’t a fix on currency, we can’t go forward with a deal. 
So there is no full-fledged support, 
that I am aware of, from the steel in-dustry for the agreement as it is likely to pass, which is not going to include any currency fix with teeth in it, I am afraid. Then, finally, my concern about not having an adequate debate is less. We have to get into some of these con-stitutional issues—the ability of two- thirds of the members of this so-called new commission, this transnational commission that will be established, who can add new members without our approval. We have to talk about that some. 
But I asked five questions. I would 
ask them to Senator H
ATCH . 
What would it do to wages? What 
does the living agreement mean? Does it override American law? What about trade deficits and other issues? 
I think those are the issues that are 
not being discussed that need to be. 
So again, with the greatest respect, I 
thank my colleagues for the hard work they have put into this. There is no committee that has more to do around here than the Finance Committee. I understand their interest in this. I am raising questions. I don’t pretend to know all the answers. But I do think the American people are concerned about it, and we should be sure that what we do advances the interests of Middle America as well as corporate America. 
I yield the floor. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:58 May 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18MY6.024 S18MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2958 May 18, 2015 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Utah. 
Mr. HATCH. Madam President, I 
have been very interested in the de-bate, especially between the distin-guished Senator from Alabama and the distinguished Senator from Oregon. 
I have to say that it is very inter-
esting that almost every business in this country wants this bill. Let me just start with mentioning that all the chairs of the President’s Council of Economic Advisers under Presidents Gerald Ford, Jimmy Carter, Ronald Reagan, George H.W. Bush, William Clinton, George W. Bush, and Barack Obama have all said: 
We believe that agreements to foster great-
er international trade are in our national economic and security interests, and support a renewal of Trade Promotion Authority. 
This is from Alan Greenspan, Michael 
Boskin, R. Glenn Hubbard, Ben Bernanke, Austan Goolsbee, Charles Schultze, Laura D’Andrea Tyson, N. Gregory Mankiw, Edward B. Lazear, Alan B. Krueger, Martin Feldstein, Martin Baily, Harvey S. Rosen, and Christina D. Romer, just to mention a few. 
They say, in a letter to Senator 
M
CCONNELL and H ARRY REID, and to 
the leaders in the House, J OHN BOEH-
NER and N ANCY PELOSI that virtually 
every chamber of commerce in the country has come behind this bill. To read one paragraph: 
TPA is a longstanding and proven partner-
ship between Congress and the President that enables Congress to set negotiating ob-jectives and requires the executive branch to consult extensively with legislators during negotiations. We urge you to act on this es-sential legislation. . . . 
I think these chambers of commerce 
know what is best for business. I think they know what is best for the econ-omy. In fact, U.S. Chamber of Com-merce President Thomas J. Donohue issued the following statement hailing the introduction of the ‘‘Bipartisan Congressional Trade Priorities and Ac-countability Act of 2015, which will renew Trade Promotion Authority.’’ 
These are people who take these 
things seriously. Take the Business Roundtable: 
Washington—Business Roundtable, rep-
resenting CEOs of U.S. companies from every sector of the economy, today commended Senators Orrin Hatch (R–UT) and Ron Wyden (D–OR) and Representative Paul Ryan (R– WI) for their introduction of a bipartisan bill to update and renew Trade Promotion Au-thority (TPA). Approval of legislation to modernize TPA is a top priority for Business Roundtable. 
We can go on and on. Jim Greenwood 
of the Biotechnology Industry Organi-zation has come out in favor of it. Even Gabe Horwitz of the Third Way has come out in favor of it. Tom Linebarger of the Business Roundtable has come out in favor. Thomas Donohue, as I said, has come out in favor of it. David Thomas of Trade Benefits America has come out for this. Matthew Shay of the National Re-tail Federation says: We urge Congress to quickly pass TPA legislation. Peter 
Allgeier, from the Coalition of Service Industries, has come out for it. 
If we start to look at businesses 
throughout the country, they don’t seem to be a bit concerned with some 
of the issues that have been raised by my friend from Alabama because we have covered them in this bill. 
Think about it. The tech companies— 
these are America’s moviemakers, soft-ware developers, computer manufac-turers, the people who drive America’s innovation—understand that pro-moting American trade requires pro-tecting American intellectual prop-erty. ‘‘That’s the only way to keep our competitive edge in the 21st century. And that’s exactly what TPA will do.’’ That is quoting them. TPA lays out al-most 150 negotiating objectives for the administration to pursue in trade deals. 
Chris Dodd, the head of the Motion 
Picture Association of America, praised TPA. 
Microsoft’s general counsel, Brad 
Smith came out and said: 
Passage of renewed TPA, with its updated 
objectives for digital trade, is critical for America to be able to pursue its interests. And passage is important for Microsoft and our network of more than 400,000 partners— the majority of which are small businesses— to compete in the global economy. 
Chris Padilla, the vice president of 
IBM, also spoke in favor: ‘‘TPA is a critical step in preserving the trans-formative role of data, and in strength-ening America’s economy and competi-tiveness.’’ 
Victoria Espinell, CEO of BSA, the 
software alliance, said: ‘‘This legisla-tion will help ensure that pending trade agreements include necessary rules to promote cross-border data flows.’’ 
Gary Shapiro, CEO of the Consumer 
Electronics Association, said: ‘‘TPA takes a modern approach to trade agreements to ensure a robust digital economy and growth of the Internet,’’ which are ‘‘vital to American innova-tion.’’ 
Dean Garfield, CEO of the Informa-
tion Technology Industry Council, said: ‘‘Tech’s message to Congress is simple: supporting TPA will promote job creation and propel us forward in building a strong 21st century econ-omy.’’ 
John Neuffer, CEO of the Semicon-
ductor Industry Association, said: ‘‘TPA represents a much-needed shot in the arm for free trade, which is crit-ical to the U.S. semiconductor indus-try, to American jobs, and to our econ-omy.’’ 
We are talking about real jobs here. 
We are talking about a potential to raise the average pay by as much as 18 percent. 
Carl Guardino, CEO of the Silicon 
Valley Leadership Group, said: ‘‘Our businesses rely on a robust export mar-ket and this bill will go a long way in empowering the U.S. and enabling U.S. companies to remain competitive across the globe.’’ Mark McCarthy, vice president of the 
Software & Information Industry Asso-ciation, said: ‘‘TPA legislation is cru-cial for finalizing agreements that will 
set the template for 21st Century trade and for protecting the global digital leadership of the United States.’’ 
Scott Belcher, CEO of the Tele-
communications Industry Association said: ‘‘The passage of Trade Promotion Authority legislation is critical to in-creasing the competitiveness of U.S. companies overseas, particularly in the information and communications in-dustry, and to ensuring continued job growth at home.’’ 
So tech has spoken out—in one voice, 
really—to support TPA as essential to innovation and competitiveness. We can put our heads in the sand and act as if this is not important, but it is ex-tremely important. 
Then, you get into agriculture. Agri-
cultural exports support over 1 million U.S. jobs, both on and off the farm. Fis-cal years 2010 to 2014 represented the strongest 5 years in U.S. history for ag-ricultural exports, with sales totaling $675 billion. They are expecting grow once we get fair trade rules with the countries we are currently negotiating with. 
By the way, when we are talking 
about the 11 nations of the TPP nego-tiations we are undergoing, one of the countries we are talking about is Japan. We have had trouble breaking down trade barriers with Japan for years. We now have a Prime Minister over there who is willing to work with us and seize the advantage—not just for Japan but for the region as well. 
If we do not pass this TPA bill, we 
are just throwing the China the Asia- Pacific. They are already making strides in that area that would not be happening if we had this trade agree-ment already. I might add that there is the new innovative bank that they have started. At first, there were only a few countries that wanted to join it. Now it is over 60, as I understand it. Upwards of 60 countries have now jumped on board, including some of the major countries in this negotiation. We are going to just stand here and act as if this is not happening and that our in-terests in free trade are not important unless we get everything we want, which, ironically, we basically get in these agreements. 
U.S. producers rely on and prosper 
from access to foreign markets. Cur-rently, we export half of U.S. wheat, milled rice, and soybean production; 70 percent of walnut and pistachio pro-duction; more than 75 percent of cotton production; 40 percent of grape produc-tion; 20 percent of cherry production; 20 percent of apple production; 20 per-cent of poultry and pork production; and 10 percent of beef production. 
Today, only a relatively small per-
centage of U.S. companies export, yet 95 percent of the world’s consumers live outside of the United States. What are we going to do—ignore these facts and not acknowledge that we need to pass this bill? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:09 May 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18MY6.025 S18MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2959 May 18, 2015 
We need to get real about trade. 
Trade agreements are the most effec-tive way to eliminate foreign tariffs, unscientific regulatory barriers, and bureaucratic administrative proce-dures designed to block trade. 
I could go on and on. Today there are 
some 400 trade agreements, and we have only been party to a small frac-tion. That is because we have not had trade promotion authority. Are we going to sit back and put our heads in the sand and act as if this were not im-portant? 
The manufacturers are rallying be-
hind this bill throughout the country. They said this: 
Manufacturers need TPA and new market- 
opening trade agreements now more than ever. 
That was said by National Associa-
tion of Manufacturers vice chair for international economic policy and Emerson chairman and CEO David Farr. 
He adds: 
Trade is increasingly critical for the bot-
tom lines of businesses of all sizes, but U.S. exports face higher tariffs and more barriers abroad than nearly any other major econ-omy. Manufacturers need TPA to restore U.S. leadership in striking new trade deals that will knock down barriers so that manu-facturers can improve their access to world’s consumers. 
The National Association of Manu-
facturers is the largest manufacturing association in the United States. They are begging us to do this. American manufacturers want TPA. What are we going to do—bury our head in the sand and say that is not so? It is time for us to wake up and realize we have to get in the real world. 
This agreement has been well 
thought through. Is it perfect? No, nothing is perfect around here. But it goes a long way toward resolving our problems, creating more jobs in Amer-ica, more opportunities in America, more income in America, and more economic stability in America. With-out it, my gosh, what are we going to be? Become just a nation that does not participate, when we have the capacity to participate all over the world. This is an important step that we are talk-ing about here and we need to take it. 
Let me take a few more moments—I 
notice the distinguished Senator is here to bring up his amendment. Let me take a few minutes and respond to my colleagues’ concerns about provi-sions contained in the Trans-Pacific Partnership or TPP. 
Specifically, there are some who 
have said that TPP contains an unprec-edented, ‘‘living agreement’’ provision that would allow parties to amend the agreement after it is adopted and, in the process, change U.S. law without Congress’s approval. Let me state this as clearly as possible. These assertions are 100-percent false. No trade agree-ments—past, present or future—can change U.S. law without the consent of Congress. This is not even a close ques-tion. No reasonable interpretation of our 
Constitution, our laws or our trade agreements lends credence to that in-terpretation. Of course, I know that my counter-assertions by themselves will not be enough to convince people they are wrong on this issue. So let’s delve into this a bit further. 
True enough, TPP, the Trans-Pacific 
Partnership, reportedly includes a pro-vision to create a forum along the joint working groups to help parties evalu-ate whether the agreement is being im-plemented as intended and to provide a way to discuss new issues as they arise. But guess what. Most U.S. free-trade agreements contain similar provisions. This is not new or unprecedented. This is standard for every modern trade agreement. My friend from Alabama raised the Korea agreement. It has only been in existence since 2012. We have not seen it fully implemented yet, and it is not fully implemented. 
For example, the U.S.-South Korea 
Free Trade Agreement has a ‘‘joint committee,’’ and CAFTA-DR has a ‘‘free trade commission,’’ both of which perform the same functions as have been reported for the TPP commission. 
These agreements specify that these 
bodies can oversee operations of the agreement. However, nothing in the text of either agreement gives either committee the power to change U.S. law—nothing whatsoever. The same is true of the commission that is report-edly part of TPP. In addition, TPP will almost undoubtedly include a process for amending the agreement. This, too, is standard procedure for modern trade agreements. That is a good thing. 
These provisions, which once again 
are included in all of our existing trade agreements, help ensure that the United States can protect its interests when new issues arise. Most impor-tantly, they contain a backstop to pro-tect our country’s sovereignty. 
For example, in our free-trade agree-
ment with South Korea, the relevant provision states that ‘‘an amendment shall enter into force after the parties exchange written notification certi-fying that they have completed their respective legal requirements and pro-cedures.’’ 
In NAFTA, the section describing the 
amendment process states: ‘‘When so agreed and approved in accordance with the applicable legal procedures of each party, a modification or addition shall constitute an integral part of this agreement.’’ 
Of course, in the United States, the 
applicable legal procedure for amend-ing a free-trade agreement and for any and all changes to U.S. law includes ap-proval by Congress. In other words, no free-trade agreement—again, that is past, present or future—to which the United States is a party can be amend-ed without Congress’s approval. 
Once again, these ‘‘living agreement’’ 
provisions are standard practice for free-trade agreements. For the most part, they have not been remotely con-troversial, up until now, I guess. In fact, one of our colleagues, who has 
been very vocal on this issue and has even filed at least one amendment to our TPA bill on this matter, voted in favor of free-trade agreements with South Korea, Colombia, and Panama, all of which included provisions very similar to those that are reportedly part of TPP. It is not just I who am saying this. 
I have a memo sent to my staff from 
the nonpartisan Congressional Re-search Service that reiterates these points. 
Madam President, I ask unanimous 
consent to have printed in the R
ECORD  
a copy of this memo, immediately fol-lowing my remarks. 
Madam President, this is U.S. Gov-
ernment 101. Under our system, only Congress can change the law. I am cer-tainly not oblivious to the fact a num-ber of my colleagues—both here in the Senate and in the House of Representa-tives—deeply distrust our current President. I am hardly a shrinking vio-let when it comes to criticizing Presi-dent Obama—and even his prede-cessors—and his propensity for over-reach. I have been very critical of this administration’s effort to expand exec-utive power, and I will continue to be. But no one should channel distrust of President Obama into opposition to the TPA bill. If anything, the opposite is true. 
Our bill contains numerous provi-
sions solidifying the principle that U.S. law cannot be changed without Congress’s consent. Under our bill, no secretive provisions of a trade agree-ment can be withheld from Congress and still enter into force. 
Furthermore, the bill goes further 
than any previous version of TPA in ensuring transparency and account-ability in both the trade negotiating process and the approval procedures. 
In short, Madam President, if you are 
suspicious of executive authority but still want to support free trade, you should support our TPA bill. Once again, there is simply no reason to be concerned about ‘‘living agreement’’ provisions in the TPP or any other trade agreement. Our Constitution, our laws, our trade agreements, and, of course, our TPA bill all ensure that when it comes to the U.S. trade policy, Congress has the final say. 
With that, I yield the floor. There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
CONGRESSIONAL RESEARCH SERVICE , 
Washington, DC, May 12, 2015. 
MEMORANDUM  
To: U.S. Senate Committee on Finance, At-
tention: Everett Eissenstat. 
From: Daniel T. Shedd, Legislative Attor-
ney, 7–8441; Brandon J. Murrill, Legisla-tive Attorney, 7–8440. 
Subject: Amendment of Free Trade Agree-
ments and Role of Congress. 
This memorandum responds to your re-
quest regarding whether the President, act-ing alone, can change U.S. domestic law by negotiating an amendment to an existing free trade agreement (FTA). In order for an 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:09 May 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18MY6.026 S18MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2960 May 18, 2015 
amendment to an existing FTA to affect do-
mestic law, Congress would have to imple-ment that change through legislation. Be-cause of the expedited nature of this request, this memorandum does not represent an ex-haustive analysis of FTAs and the processes established to amend those FTAs. 
Under the Constitution, the President has 
the authority to negotiate agreements with foreign countries. However, the Constitution on also identifies Congress as the branch with responsibility to regulate commerce with foreign nations. Therefore, although the President can negotiate FTAs and amendments to FTAs, in order for those agreements to have controlling effect in U.S. domestic law, Congress must enact legisla-tion approving the agreement and providing for the implementation of its requirements, as necessary. For FTAs, the implementing legislation is often enacted through proce-dures established by Trade Promotion Au-thority (TPA), often referred to as ‘‘fast track’’ authority. If any agreement, or any amendment to an agreement, requires a change in U.S. law in order for the United States to come into compliance with the agreement, Congress would have to pass leg-islation for there to be any change to domes-tic law. 
U.S. FTAs often contain provisions allow-
ing for their amendment. For example, the Korea-U.S. Free Trade Agreement (KORUS) provides: ‘‘The Parties may agree, in writ-ing, to amend this Agreemen t . . .’’ How-
ever, it is important to note that FTAs also contain provisions that establish that the domestic legal procedures of each country that is a party to the agreement must be fol-lowed in order for the amendment to take ef-fect. Again, the text from KORUS is illus-trative: ‘‘An amendment shall enter into force after the Parties exchange written no-tifications certifying that they have com-pleted their respective applicable legal re-quirements and procedure s . . .’’ Other FTAs 
contain similar provisions providing that an amendment to an agreement will only have legal force if it is approved through the nec-essary legal procedures of each country that is a party to the agreement. Furthermore, even absent these provisions in FTAs, be-cause FTAs are not viewed as self-executing agreements, an amendment to an FTA would not change domestic law unless Congress en-acted a statute to that effect. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Oregon. 
Mr. WYDEN. Madam President, we 
are a little bit behind and our col-leagues have been very patient. 
I ask unanimous consent that Sen-
ator P
ETERS be able to speak briefly 
about one of his constituents who had a tragic death, followed by our col-league, Senator L
ANKFORD from Okla-
homa. I ask unanimous consent that those Senators be allowed to speak in that order. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from Michigan. 
REMEMBERING RACHEL JACOBS  
Mr. PETERS. Madam President, I 
rise today with a heavy heart and with great sadness to commemorate the life of Rachel Jacobs. Rachel was trag-ically killed in last week’s Amtrak train crash. 
This morning, my wife Colleen and I 
joined hundreds of mourners who at-tended her funeral as she was laid to rest in Metro Detroit. Rachel was only 39 years old when her life was so trag-
ically cut short. She had a life filled with love, with accomplishment, and with promise. She was the beloved daughter of my dear friends Gilda and John Jacobs. Rachel was a wife, the mother of a 2-year-old son, and the CEO of an education startup in Phila-delphia. While she worked in Philadel-phia and lived in New York City, this is a profound loss for the Detroit area, where she grew up but which she never left behind. 
Rachel was the cofounder of Detroit 
Nation, an organization to engage former residents of the Detroit area in cities and communities around our great country. Rachel helped to con-nect people and motivated her friends. She took part in Detroit Homecoming, an event held last fall to engage ac-complished leaders across the United States who grew up in the Metro De-troit area and now want to give back to the community they still love and call home. 
Rachel was a leader in this important 
work—work that will now need to be carried on by those whom she inspired. I am heartbroken for her many friends and deeply saddened by this tragic loss for the Metro Detroit area. 
My heart goes out to her young son 
Jacob, her husband Todd, her wonder-ful parents Gilda and John, her sister Jessica, and her entire family as they struggle with this painful loss. 
As parents, we want to give every-
thing to our children. We want to give them a stable home and a loving fam-ily. We want to give them a great edu-cation and a bright future. But the one thing we cannot give or promise them is a long life. That is in God’s hands, and now Rachel is as well. 
Madam President, we have suffered 
an incredible loss with the passing of Rachel Jacobs. We have lost a brilliant businesswoman, an active community leader, and a loving mother, wife, sis-ter, and daughter. May her memory be a blessing. 
I yield back. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Oklahoma. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1237, AS MODIFIED  
Mr. LANKFORD. Madam President, I 
ask unanimous consent that my amendment No. 1237 be modified with the changes at the desk. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment is so modified. The amendment, as modified, is as 
follows: 
On page 4, between lines 21 and 22, insert 
the following: 
(13) to take into account conditions relat-
ing to religious freedom of any party to ne-gotiations for a trade agreement with the United States. 
Mr. LANKFORD. Madam President, I 
also ask unanimous consent that Sen-ator V
ITTER be added as a cosponsor to 
my amendment. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. Mr. LANKFORD. Madam President, 
trade agreements are about a set of values and beliefs. Do we believe the American workers and American prod-ucts can compete with the rest of the world and provide answers and prod-ucts the world needs? It is an over-whelming yes. When we trade, we not only exchange goods, we exchange ideas and values. Our greatest export is our American value—the dignity of each person, hard work, innovation, and liberty. That is what we send around the world. It has the greatest impact. 
What we wrote into our Declaration 
of Independence is not just an Amer-ican value statement; we believe it is a statement about every person. We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men, not just men and women within the United States but that all people worldwide are created equal and en-dowed by their Creator with certain in-alienable rights, and among these are life, liberty, and the pursuit of happi-ness. 
Governments were created to protect 
the rights given to us by God. We be-lieve every person should have the pro-tection of government to live their faith, not the compulsion of govern-ment to practice any one faith or to be forced to reject all faith altogether. That is one of the reasons Americans are disturbed by the trend in our courts, our military, and our public 
conversation. It is not the task of gov-ernment to purge religious conversa-tion from public life; it is the task of government to protect the rights of every person to live their faith and to guard those who choose not to have any faith at all. 
Thomas Jefferson, in one of the pin-
nacle works of his life, the Virginia Statute for Religious Freedom, states: 
Almighty God hath created the mind free, 
and manifested his supreme will that free it shall remain by making it altogether insusceptible of restraint; that all attempts to influence it by temporal punishments, or burthens, or by civil incapacitations, tend only to beget habits of hypocrisy and mean-ness. 
With that backdrop, I worked for 2 
years with my colleagues to place lan-guage into the negotiating language of this trade bill to push our negotiators to consider religious liberty in their negotiations. I have been told over and over again that we don’t talk about re-ligious freedom in our trade negotia-tions. I have just asked, why not? We should encourage trade with another country when that country acknowl-edges our basic value of the dignity of every person to live their own faith. 
Our Nation is not just an economy; 
our Nation is a set of ideas and values. We believe each person has value and worth. It benefits every person from each nation in the trade agreement if we lead with our values and not sell out for a dollar people who have been in bondage as a prisoner of conscience for years. 
The U.S. Commission on Inter-
national Religious Freedom recently 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:09 May 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18MY6.001 S18MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2961 May 18, 2015 
recommended that the United States 
should ‘‘ensure that human rights and religious freedom are pursued consist-ently and publicly at every level of the U.S.-Vietnam relationship, including in the context of discussions relating to military, trade, or economic and secu-rity assistance, such as Vietnam’s par-ticipation in the Trans-Pacific Part-nership, as well as in programs that ad-dress Internet freedom and civil soci-ety development, among others.’’ 
When people have freedom of con-
science and faith, they are also better trading partners. Their country is sta-ble, their families are stable, and their economy will grow. 
With that, I encourage this body to 
do something new. Let’s start export-ing the values we hold dear, not to compel other nations to have our faith but to have other nations recognize the power of the freedom of religion within their own borders. 
I have a simple amendment to the 
trade promotion authority asking the trade negotiators to take into account conditions relating to religious free-dom of any party to negotiations for a trade agreement with the United States. It is not complicated. It is a simple encouragement, and it is a step toward us exporting our value. 
I ask for the support of this body as 
we consider our greatest export—free-dom. 
With that, I yield back. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Kansas. 
Mr. MORAN. Madam President, I ask 
unanimous consent to address the Sen-ate for 10 minutes. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
AGRICULTURE IN RURAL AMERICA AND  
GOVERNMENT REGULATION  
Mr. MORAN. Madam President, the 
Presiding Officer comes from a State very similar to mine, and what I was going to say is that when you do—in fact, our State has twice as many cat-tle as it has people—you begin to un-derstand the importance of agriculture to our Nation’s economy and the com-munities that comprise our State. In rural Kansas, as it would be in rural Iowa, agriculture is our economic life-blood. 
One of the primary reasons I sought 
public office was my belief in rural America and that it needed a strong voice in Washington advocating on be-half of that part of the country. Since the time I was first elected to Con-gress, I believe that has only become even more important. 
People involved in farming and 
ranching endure challenges that no other industry, no other profession faces. They are at the mercy of Mother Nature and rely on favorable weather to produce a crop. The severe drought that has plagued parts of Kansas for a long number of years and is once again crippling this year’s wheat crop is evi-dence of the unique challenges. 
Farmers and ranchers also operate in 
a global marketplace that oftentimes is distorted by high foreign subsidies 
and tariffs. American farmers are the most efficient producers in the world. Too often, however, our farmers cannot be afforded the opportunity to compete on a level playing field. 
Unfortunately, agriculture is also 
under assault from the Obama adminis-tration. Overregulation by the EPA, the Army Corps of Engineers, and the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service threat-ens the livelihood of farmers and ranchers in my State, which in turn threatens the viability of family busi-nesses that line main streets in rural towns across our State. 
To better understand the damage 
caused by foolish overregulation, con-sider waters of the United States. De-spite the overwhelming outcry that the Obama administration received from American producers—from agriculture and other businesses—after proposing the potentially harmful regulation, the administration has continued their march forward toward finalizing that rule. The regulation is a troublesome expansion of Federal control over the Nation’s waters. The Obama adminis-tration has continued to repeat the mantra that the rule is only intended to clarify the scope of the Clean Water Act, but we all know better. Not only has the rule failed to provide clarity or certainty, it also seeks to expand the EPA’s jurisdiction to include thou-sands of new miles of streams, rivers, and even dry ditches. 
Where I come from, the term ‘‘navi-
gable waters,’’ which is what the stat-ute says, means something on which you can float a boat. We don’t have many of those waters in the State of Kansas. Yet, this administration seems to believe they have the right to en-force those burdensome regulations on land that is far removed from what is traditionally considered navigable waters. 
People in rural Kansas also faced in-
creased regulation from the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service. As my colleagues will recall, I led a debate earlier this year to delist the lesser prairie chicken from the endangered species list. The bird’s listing is creating havoc and un-certainty in Kansas, where its habitat is located. 
Wind energy projects have been aban-
doned, oil-and-gas production has slowed, and farmers and ranchers are faced with uncertainty regarding new restrictions as to what they can do on their privately owned land. 
Those of us from Kansas know that 
we need the return of rainfall and moisture and that will increase the habitat and therefore increase the pop-ulation of the lesser prairie chicken, not burdensome Federal regulations that hinder the rural economy. 
While the lesser prairie chicken regu-
lation is directly harming the western part of Kansas, the administration’s re-cent proposal to list the long-eared bat as a threatened species will do the same in our State’s eastern commu-nities. We often speak about the ever-in-
creasing average age of farmers in the country and the need to encourage more young people to stay on the farm and to return from college to the farm. I could not agree more with this goal. I believe a key component in achieving this objective is to make certain our Nation’s policies and regulations make farming and ranching an attractive venture for our children and grand-children. Unfortunately, the regula-tions we have seen from this adminis-tration too often make farming and ranching much less attractive, much less profitable, and young people have made the conclusion that the battle cannot be won. 
I am deeply concerned about the im-
pact of this administration’s regu-latory scheme and the effect that scheme will have on farmers and ranch-ers, but there remains reason for us to be optimistic about the future of Amer-ican agriculture. We are faced with a growing rural population who is hun-gry for high-quality, nutritious food products grown by American farmers. We must continue to work toward re-ducing foreign barriers to make certain that people from around the globe have affordable access to U.S.-grown prod-ucts. We must continue to invest in policies that lift up rural America, not hold it back. 
I am the chairman of the agriculture 
subcommittee, and I am working to make certain that Congress is doing its part to support farmers and ranchers. American policies should aim to keep rural America strong by way of imple-mentation of the farm bill, preserving and protecting crop insurance, invest-ing in agriculture research, and sup-porting rural development. 
I often tell my colleagues here in 
Washington about the special way of life in Kansas and the opportunities that special way of life continues to provide. The strength of rural Kansas is a key component to what makes our State a great place to live, work, and raise families. The future of commu-nities in rural America depends upon the economic viability of our farmers and ranchers, and it is time to make certain that Federal policies and regu-latory decisions coming out of Wash-ington, DC, reflect this critical impor-tance. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Montana. 
Mr. DAINES. Madam President, I ask 
unanimous consent to speak for up to 7 minutes. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
(The remarks of Mr. D
AINES per-
taining to the introduction of S. 1361 are printed in today’s R
ECORD under 
‘‘Statements on Introduced Bills and Joint Resolutions.’’) 
Mr. DAINES. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Utah. 
Mr. HATCH. I suggest the absence of 
a quorum. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:02 May 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18MY6.030 S18MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2962 May 18, 2015 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. COATS. Madam President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. COATS. Madam President, I ask 
unanimous consent to speak as in morning business for 10 minutes. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
WASTEFUL SPENDING  
Mr. COATS. Madam President, I am 
here on the floor almost every Monday, and this is the 11th time I have been on the floor over the last 3 months or so to speak about the waste of the week. We are trying to identify those areas of fraud and abuse and waste of tax-payers’ money so we can take reason-able steps, hopefully soon in the Con-gress, to end this misuse of taxpayers’ funds. Then we can either return it back to the taxpayers or sometimes use the funds to offset other spending that may be necessary to make for a more efficient government. The tax-payers deserve to have their dollars they send here, after a lot of hard work, treated carefully. We continue to expose areas, and the Office of the In-spector General of the Office of Man-agement and Budget and nonpartisan committees are looking at ways to identify misuse of those funds. 
One of the areas we haven’t spoken 
about but will today are the benefits for higher education. Many of these are well intended and many of them are used effectively. For example, there is a lifetime learning credit for graduate courses and other classes. There is the Hope credit for undergraduate ex-penses. There is the American oppor-tunity tax credit, which temporarily replaced the Hope credit, but that is set to expire. There are a raft of con-fusing proposals that are designed to help people who want to work through their education and get tax credits for the expenses they pay. So this is well intended. However, what has happened is that it has become a confusing mess as to how these are applied and how they are used. 
The Treasury inspector general for 
tax administration determined that the IRS paid out billions of dollars in potentially erroneous education tax credits to more than 3.6 million tax-payers. So Congress has passed a law. They have adjusted the Tax Code to give credits and benefits to those who are going to school to get a graduate education or to get their postsecondary education. This is a worthwhile use, in most cases, but it has been deemed by Congress to be so and made part of the Tax Code. Yet the inspector general who looks at all this has said it has be-come a ripe area for fraud, waste, and abuse, as well as some honest mis-takes. 
I wish to repeat that again. The IRS 
paid out billions of dollars in erroneous education tax credits to more than 3.6 
million taxpayers seeking these cred-its. Now, some say, What do you mean? What are some of the mistakes? Stu-dents who weren’t eligible for the ben-efit got the benefit. Institutions that received the benefits were ineligible to receive the benefits for a number of reasons. 
In most cases, higher education insti-
tutions send out returns known as 1098– Ts to taxpayers who pay for tuition. 
These forms help taxpayers and the IRS determine if students qualify for the education tax benefits, including by indicating whether the student is enrolled more than half time or is a graduate student. In other words, they must show that the student qualifies for the tax benefit. They found out that many don’t qualify but neverthe-less receive those benefits. 
The inspector general reports that 2 
million taxpayers did not submit the form or have the form—the 1098–T pa-perwork—to indicate they had actually paid the tuition. Of these almost 40,000 taxpayers, some received credits for students who are under the age of 14. These tax credits are for postsecondary education. There may be a couple of ge-nius kids out there who are enrolled in college at the age of 14 or under, but I don’t think there are very many, if any under the age of 14 or over the age of 65. 
Additionally, tax credits were award-
ed improperly to over 2,100 incarcer-ated people. 
How do we correct this? Well, there is 
a pretty basic idea I wish to propose. Many of us are familiar with the let-ters we receive back when we make a charitable contribution, and most of us know that if that contribution is over $250, the IRS wants to know that we have proof that we have actually made that charitable contribution. So our tax preparers always ask: Do you have a receipt? Do you have the letter back from the Boy Scouts or your church or wherever you give the money? Do you have that available for when we might happen to need it if the IRS requires it when they are looking into that? 
So what we are proposing is simply a 
requirement that taxpayers should claim a tuition tax credit, have proof that they have actually received the credit and are eligible to receive the credit. That proof is the 1098–T form. We are proposing to simply require that taxpayers hold a valid 1098–T or some form of substantiation in their possession when they fill out their tax returns and claim tuition deductions. 
The Joint Committee on Taxation es-
timated that this very simple require-ment would save $576 million over the next 10 years. We have already proven we can save billions by better manage-ment of taxpayers’ money and now we are going to add another $576 million to this. As my colleagues see, we are on the way to $100 billion of savings through some very basic and simple modifications and changes in our Tax Code and in our procedures in terms of how we run this government. Next week, we will be sharing again 
the fraud and waste of the week, but Congress now has a pool of funds that are misused and a way in which we can either, as I said, offset needed spending programs or return that money to the taxpayers or not have them send it in in the first place. 
It is a dysfunctional government that 
can’t better manage taxpayers’ funds. If we are going to maintain credibility and the support of our taxpayers for what we do that is right, we better stop and pay attention and look and change and modify the abuse that is taking place and bring it to an end. We need to demonstrate that we are looking out carefully at the use of taxpayers’ dol-lars. 
With that, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
C
OATS ). Without objection, it is so or-
dered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1242 
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the following Senators be added as cosponsors to the Brown amendment: S
TABENOW , K LO-
BUCHAR , B ALDWIN , S CHUMER , 
BLUMENTHAL , W HITEHOUSE , U DALL , 
SANDERS , WARREN , MANCHIN , MARKEY , 
REED, FRANKEN , and H EINRICH . 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. BROWN. The support for this 
amendment is broad and deep. The sup-port for this funding level reached 300- some House Members 4 years ago and 70 Senators—including, obviously, a number in each party—4 years ago when we decided to support this num-ber. So this funding level of $575 mil-lion is bipartisan. It was established 4 years ago. 
Some say that $450 million—the 
amount included in the underlying bill—is enough to operate the program and that we should not bring the fund-ing level back to the $575 million. The fact is that we do not really know. What we do know is that TAA—the trade adjustment assistance, the money we provide to workers to be re-trained after they have lost a job be-cause of a decision President Obama and the Congress made to pass a trade agreement, which always produces win-ners and losers—free trade supporters and free trade opponents all agree and even cheerleaders as passionate as the Wall Street Journal, as strongly sup-portive as they are of these free-trade agreements, even they acknowledge there are winners and there are losers. The losers are those people who lost their jobs in Indiana, Ohio, Utah, and all over the country because of deci-sions we made in this body. They are not decisions they made to not show up to work, not decisions they made to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:02 May 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18MY6.016 S18MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2963 May 18, 2015 
not do their work well; they are deci-
sions we made in this Congress and President Obama made at the White House to push these trade agreements, resulting in dislocation, so some work-ers lose their jobs. That is why it is a moral issue that we provide adequate funding for training for these workers. 
I mentioned the years 2009, 2010—it 
cost $685 million each year. Of course, those are years during the great reces-sion. But if you take the average of funding levels for the 3 years when pro-gram eligibility was nearly the same as it is now, TAA expenditures were about $571 million a year. That is roughly the figure we are choosing for our amend-ment, the number the President asked for in his budget originally. 
TAA works. Seventy-six percent of 
participants who completed training in fiscal year 2013 received a degree or an industry-recognized credential. Sev-enty-five percent of workers who exited the program found employment within 6 months. Of those workers who be-came employed, over 90 percent were still employed at the end of the year. So we know trade adjustment assist-ance works. 
This reduction of $125 million a year, 
in other words, is simply cuts for the sake of cuts. 
It helps workers retrain for new jobs 
so they can compete in the global econ-omy. We know that even though the economy is better today than when President Obama took office or it is better today then it was in 2010 before we did the RECOVERY Act or it is bet-ter today than it was that year when we did the auto rescue that helped the Presiding Officer’s State of Indiana and my State of Ohio and the whole na-tional economy so much—we do know that since that time, we have had the South Korea trade agreement, and the President and supporters of that prom-ised 70,000 increased jobs. We have ac-tually lost 70,000 jobs instead because of a swelling trade deficit with South Korea. We have the Trans-Pacific Part-nership. Even its supporters acknowl-edge there will be workers who lose their jobs—they believe a net gain, but nonetheless numbers of workers will lose their jobs and will need retraining. 
So that conservative number of only 
$450 million, when it is clear we need the larger number of $575 million—the same level President Obama included in his budget; the same level that 70 Senators—a number in each party—and 300-plus Members of the House sup-ported. I ask my colleagues to support it again today. 
Again, it was not the choice of these 
workers to lose their jobs; it was the choice of this institution to pass a trade agreement that results in some workers losing their jobs. We all ac-knowledge that on both sides. That is why this amendment is so important to adopt. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Utah. Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent for 30 seconds more. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, look, sig-
nificantly increasing funding levels for TAA may very well make TAA much harder to pass both here and in the House of Representatives. It is a pro-gram that is not supported by a great number of us. That being the case, I hope my colleagues will join me in vot-ing no on this amendment. 
We have put together a bill that lit-
erally has brought together both sides as well as we possibly could. Hopefully, we will vote no on this amendment. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is on agreeing to Brown amendment No. 1242. 
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I ask for 
the yeas and nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. 
Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators 
are necessarily absent: the Senator from Tennessee (Mr. A
LEXANDER ), the 
Senator from Tennessee (Mr. C ORKER ), 
the Senator from Texas (Mr. C RUZ), the 
Senator from South Carolina (Mr. G RA-
HAM), the Senator from Georgia (Mr. 
ISAKSON ), the Senator from Arizona 
(Mr. M CCAIN), the Senator from Alaska 
(Mrs. M URKOWSKI ), the Senator from 
Ohio (Mr. P ORTMAN ), the Senator from 
Florida (Mr. R UBIO), the Senator from 
South Carolina (Mr. S COTT), the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania (Mr. T OOMEY ), 
and the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. V
ITTER ). 
Further, if present and voting, the 
Senator from Tennessee (Mr. A LEX-
ANDER ) would have voted ‘‘nay’’ and 
the Senator from Tennessee (Mr. C
ORKER ) would have voted ‘‘nay.’’ 
Mr. REID. I announce that the Sen-
ator from Illinois (Mr. D URBIN ) and the 
Senator from Washington (Mrs. M UR-
RAY) are necessarily absent. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
LANKFORD ). Are there any other Sen-
ators in the Chamber desiring to vote? 
The result was announced—yeas 45, 
nays 41, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 181 Leg.] 
YEAS—45 
Baldwin 
Bennet Blumenthal Booker Boxer Brown Burr Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Collins Coons Donnelly Feinstein Franken 
Gillibrand Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murphy 
Nelson Peters Reed Reid Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse 
NAYS—41 
Ayotte Barrasso Blunt 
Boozman Capito 
Cassidy Coats 
Cochran Cornyn Cotton Crapo Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Grassley Hatch 
Heller Hoeven Inhofe Johnson Kirk Lankford Lee McConnell Moran Paul Perdue Risch 
Roberts Rounds Sasse Sessions Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Wicker Wyden 
NOT VOTING—14 
Alexander 
Corker Cruz Durbin Graham Isakson 
McCain Murkowski Murray Portman Rubio 
Scott Toomey Vitter 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order requiring 60 votes for the adoption of this amendment, the amendment is rejected. 
VOTE ANNOUNCEMENT  
∑Mr. DURBIN. I was unavoidably de-
layed on United flight No. 616 and not present for the vote on Senator B
ROWN ’s amendment No. 1242 to in-
crease funding levels for the Trade Ad-justment Assistance program. Had I been here, I would have voted yea. ∑ 
VOTE ON AMENDMENT NO . 1237, AS MODIFIED  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the question occurs on agreeing to amendment No. 1237, as modified, offered on behalf of the Sen-ator from Oklahoma, Mr. L
ANKFORD . 
Mr. PAUL. I ask for the yeas and 
nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators 
are necessarily absent: the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
RUZ), the Senator 
from South Carolina (Mr. G RAHAM ), the 
Senator from Georgia (Mr. I SAKSON ), 
the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN), the Senator from Ohio (Mr. 
PORTMAN ), the Senator from Florida 
(Mr. R UBIO), the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania (Mr. T OOMEY ), and the Senator 
from Louisiana (Mr. V ITTER ). 
Further, if present and voting, the 
Senator from Ohio (Mr. P ORTMAN ) 
would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there 
any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? 
The result was announced—yeas 92, 
nays 0, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 182 Leg.] 
YEAS—92 
Alexander 
Ayotte Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Booker Boozman Boxer Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Coats 
Cochran Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Daines Donnelly Durbin Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Flake Franken Gardner Gillibrand 
Grassley Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Inhofe Johnson Kaine King Kirk Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Lee Manchin 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:09 May 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18MY6.017 S18MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2964 May 18, 2015 
Markey 
McCaskill McConnell Menendez Merkley Mikulski Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Paul Perdue Peters 
Reed Reid Risch Roberts Rounds Sanders Sasse Schatz Schumer Scott Sessions Shaheen Shelby 
Stabenow Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wicker Wyden 
NOT VOTING—8 
Cruz 
Graham Isakson McCain 
Portman Rubio Toomey 
Vitter 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order requiring 60 votes for the adoption of this amendment, the amendment, as modified, is agreed to. 
The Senator from Rhode Island. Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that I be al-lowed to speak for up to 20 minutes as in morning business. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
CLIMATE CHANGE  
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, 
April 18, 2012, was not the first time I spoke on the Senate floor on the dan-gers of carbon pollution, but it was the first in the weekly series that brings 
me here today with my increasingly dog-eared sign. 
Opponents of responsible climate ac-
tion do best in the dark, so I knew if anything was going to change around here, we would need to shine some light on the facts, on the science, and on the sophisticated scheme of denial being conducted by the polluters. 
I decided to come to the floor every 
week the Senate is in session to put at least my little light to work, and today I do so for the 100th time, and I thank very much my colleagues who have taken time from their extremely busy schedules to be here, particularly my colleagues from the House, J
IMLAN-
GEVIN and D AVID CICILLINE , who trav-
eled all the way across the building. 
I am not a lone voice on this subject. 
Many colleagues have been speaking out, particularly our ranking member on the Environment and Public Works Committee, Senator B
OXER . Senator 
MARKEY has been speaking out on the 
climate longer than I have been in the Senate. Senators S
CHUMER , N ELSON , 
BLUMENTHAL , SCHATZ , KING, and B ALD-
WINhave each joined me to speak about 
the effects of carbon pollution on their home States and economies. Senator M
ANCHIN and I—from different perspec-
tives—spoke here about our shared be-lief that climate change is real and must be addressed. More than 30 fellow Democrats held the floor overnight to bring attention to climate change under the leadership of Senator S
CHATZ . Our Democratic leader, Sen-
ator R EID, has pressed the Senate to 
face up to this challenge, and thou-sands of people in Rhode Island and across the country have shown their support. 
Sometimes people ask me: How do 
you keep coming up with new ideas? It is easy. There are at least 100 reasons 
to act on climate. Hundreds of Ameri-cans have sent me their reasons through my Web site, Facebook, and Twitter using the hashtag ‘‘100Reasons.’’ I will highlight some of their reasons in this speech. 
What is my No. 1 reason? Easy. 
Rhode Island. The consequences of car-bon pollution for my Ocean State are undeniable. The tide gauge at Naval Station Newport is up nearly 10 inches since the 1930s. The water in Narragan-sett Bay is 3 to 4 degrees Fahrenheit warmer in the winter than just 50 years ago. 
Lori from West Kingston, RI, said 
that is her top reason too. ‘‘We stand to lose the best part of Rhode Island,’’ she wrote, ‘‘the 400 miles of coastline, which will be severely impacted, envi-ronmentally and economically.’’ 
Even Kentucky’s Department of Fish 
and Wildlife has warned—get this—that sea level rise and increased storms along our eastern seaboard could get so bad that it would trigger ‘‘unprece-dented’’ population migration from our east coasts to Kentucky. That is seri-ous. 
Winston Churchill talked about 
‘‘sharp agate points upon which the ponderous balance of destiny turns.’’ What if we now stand at a hinge of his-tory? Will we awaken to the duty and responsibility of our time or will we sleepwalk through it? That is the test we face. 
I have laid out in these speeches the 
mounting effects of carbon pollution all around us, and the evidence abounds. This March, for the first time in human history, the monthly average carbon dioxide in our atmosphere ex-ceeded 400 parts per million. The range had been 170 to 300 parts per million for hundreds of thousands of years. 
Mr. President, 2014 was the hottest 
year ever measured. Fourteen of the warmest 15 years ever measured have been in this century. Our oceans warm as they absorb more than 90 percent of the heat captured by greenhouse gases. You measure their warming with a thermometer. As seawater warms, it expands and sea levels rise. Global av-erage sea level rose about 1 inch from 2005 to 2013. You measure that with a yardstick. Ocean water absorbs rough-ly a quarter of all of our carbon emis-sions, making the water more acidic and upsetting the very chemistry of ocean life. You measure this, too, with a pH test like a third grade class would use for its fish tank. 
It is virtually universal in peer-re-
viewed science that carbon pollution is causing these climate and oceanic changes. Every major scientific society in our country has said so. Our bright-est scientists at NOAA and NASA are unequivocal. But time and again we hear ‘‘I am not a scientist’’ from politi-cians who are refusing to acknowledge 
the evidence. We are not elected to be scientists; we are elected to listen to them. 
If you don’t believe scientists, how 
about generals? Our defense and intel-ligence leaders have repeatedly warned 
of the threats posed by climate change to national security and international stability. 
How about faith leaders? Religious 
leaders of every faith appeal to our moral duty to conserve God’s creation and to protect those most vulnerable to catastrophe. 
How about our titans of industry? 
Leaders such as Apple and Google, Coke and Pepsi, Walmart and Target, Nestle and Mars are all greening their operations and their supply chains and calling on policymakers to act. 
How about constituents? I have 
talked with community and business groups across the United States. Local officials—many of them Republicans— don’t have the luxury of ignoring the changes we see. State scientific agen-cies and State universities are doing much of the leading research on cli-mate change. 
If you are a Senator who is not sure 
climate change is real, manmade, and urgent, ask your home State univer-sity. Even in Kentucky. Even in Okla-homa. 
Flooding puts mayors in kayaks on 
South Florida streets. New Hampshire and Utah ski resorts struggle with shorter and warmer winters, and Alas-kan villages are falling into the sea. Yet, no Republican from these States yet supports serious climate legisla-tion. 
This resistance to plain evidence is 
vexing to many Americans. Elizabeth from Riverside, RI, says her grand-children are her top reason for action. She wrote: 
I fail to understand the Republican opposi-
tion to what is clearly factual scientific in-formation about climate change. Are they not educated? Can they not read? Do they not have children and grandchildren to be concerned about the future they leave? Or is it money that clouds their vision? 
The truth is that Republican co-
operation in this area, which existed for some time, has been shut down by the fossil fuel industry. The polluters have constructed a carefully built ap-paratus of lies propped up by endless dark money. 
Dr. Riley Dunlap of Oklahoma State 
University calls it the ‘‘organized cli-mate-denial machine.’’ He found that nearly 90 percent of climate-denial books published between 1982 and 2010 had ties to conservative fossil fuel- funded think tanks such as the Heart-land Institute. In other words, it is a scam. 
Dr. Robert Brulle of Drexel Univer-
sity has documented the intricate propaganda web of climate denial with over 100 organizations, from industry trade organizations, to conservative think tanks, to plain old phony front groups. The purpose of this denial beast, to quote Dr. Brulle, is ‘‘a delib-erate and organized effort to misdirect the public discussion and distort the public’s understanding of climate.’’ 
John from Tucson, AZ, says this is 
his top reason to act: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:09 May 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18MY6.004 S18MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2965 May 18, 2015 
These ‘‘merchants of doubt,’’ the profes-
sional climate denier campaigners, have lied to us and attacked the people who can help us most; the scientists. 
Sound familiar? It should because the 
fossil fuel industry is using a playbook perfected by the tobacco industry. Big Tobacco used that playbook for dec-ades to bury the health risks of smok-ing. Ultimately, the truth came to light. It ended in a racketeering judg-ment against that industry. 
The Supreme Court has handed the 
polluters a very heavy cudgel with its misguided Citizens United decision, al-lowing corporations to spend—or, more importantly, to threaten to spend—un-limited amounts of undisclosed money in our elections. More than anyone, polluters use that leverage to demand obedience to their climate denial script. 
Jan from Portland, OR, said this 
kind of corruption is her top reason to act on climate. She said: It would be beneath our dignity to ruin our planet just for money. 
Jan, I hope you are right. There has been progress. The Senate has held votes showing 
that a majority believes climate change is real, not a hoax, and is driv-en by human activity. Republican col-leagues such as the chairman of the Energy and Natural Resources Com-mittee, the senior Senator from Geor-gia, and the senior Senator from South Carolina have made comments here recognizing the need to do something. The senior Senator from Maine has a bill on non-CO
2emissions against the 
relentless pressure of the fossil fuel in-dustry and its front groups. That takes real courage. 
The President’s Climate Action Plan 
is ending the polluters’ long free ride. The administration has rolled out strong fuel and energy efficiency stand-ards. Its Clean Power Plan will, for the first time, limit carbon emissions from powerplants. The United States heads an ambitious international climate ef-fort as well, even engaging China, now the world’s largest producer of carbon pollution. 
Perhaps most heartening are the 
American people. Eighty-three percent of Americans, including 6 in 10 Repub-licans, want action to reduce carbon emissions. And with young Republican voters, more than half would describe a climate-denying politician as ‘‘igno-rant,’’ ‘‘out of touch’’ or ‘‘crazy.’’ 
With all this, I think the prospects 
for comprehensive climate change leg-islation are actually pretty good. But as Albert Einstein once said, ‘‘politics is more difficult than physics.’’ That seems literally to be the case here as Citizens United political gridlock keeps us, for now, from heeding laws of nature. 
But when the polluters’ grip slips, I 
will be ready with legislation that many Republicans can support: a fee on carbon emissions. Pricing carbon cor-rects the market failure that lets pol-luters push the cost of air pollution on to everybody else. A carbon fee is a 
market-based tool aligned with con-servative free-market values. Many Re-publicans, at least those beyond the swing of the Citizens United fossil fuel cudgel, have endorsed exactly that idea. 
Let’s have a real debate about it. It 
is time. I will be announcing my car-bon fee proposal on June 10, during an event at the American Enterprise In-stitute. 
Climate change tests us. First, it is 
an environmental test—a grave one. We will be graded in that test against the implacable laws of science and na-ture. Pope Francis has described a con-versation with a humble gardener who said to him: 
God always forgives. Men, women, we for-
give sometimes. But, Father, creation never forgives. 
There are no do-overs, no mulligans— 
not when we mess with God’s laws of nature. 
Behind nature’s test looms a moral 
test. Do we let the influence of a few wealthy industries compromise other people’s livelihoods, even other peo-ple’s lives, all around the planet and off into the future? It is morally wrong, in greed and folly, to foist that price on all those others. That is why Pope Francis is bringing his moral light to bear on climate change, and to quote him: ‘‘There is a clear, definitive and ineluctable ethical imperative to act.’’ Our human morality is being tested. 
Lastly, this is a test of American de-
mocracy. All democracies face the problem of how well they address not just the immediate threat but the looming ones. America’s democracy faces an added responsibility of exam-ple, of being the city on a hill. In a world of competing ideologies, why would we want to tarnish ours? 
This is the top reason for Ralph from 
Westerly, RI. He wrote: 
Someday, world leaders will look back on 
this time that something should have been done to save the planet. . . . We had the chance but let it slip through our fingers. 
We have all done something wrong in 
our lives. Some things we do that are wrong don’t cause much harm. But there is not an oddsmaker in Vegas who would bet against climate change causing a lot of harm. And some things that we do wrong we get away with. But there is no way people in the world won’t know why this happened when that harm hits home. There is no way the flag we fly so proudly won’t be smudged and blotted by our misdeeds and oversights today. 
Think how history regards Neville 
Chamberlain when he misjudged the hinge of history in its time. At least Chamberlain’s goal was noble: peace, peace after the bloody massacres of World War I, peace in his time. Our ex-cuse is what—on climate change? Keep-ing big polluting special interests happy? 
Anybody who is paying attention 
knows those special interests are lying. Anybody paying attention knows they are influence-peddling on a monu-
mental scale. And while the polluters have done their best to hide that their denial tentacles are all part of the same denial beast, people all over who are paying attention have figured it out. 
One day, there will be a reckoning. 
There always is. 
If we wake up, if we get this right, if 
we turn that ponderous balance of des-tiny in our time, then it can be their reckoning, and not all of ours. It can be their shame, not the shame of our de-mocracy, not the shame of our beloved country, not the shame of America. As we close in on this weekend, on Memo-rial Day, we will remember those who fought and bled and died for this great Republic. The real prospect of failing and putting America to shame makes it seriously time for us to wake up. 
Mr. President, once again, I thank 
my colleagues for their courtesy in at-tending this 100th speech. 
I yield the floor. (Applause, Senators rising.) The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
Democratic leader. 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, on behalf of 
the entire Democratic caucus, I wish to extend my accolades, my admiration for the persistence and integrity of Senator W
HITEHOUSE . This is an issue 
that speaks well of him and our entire country, and I am very proud of the work he has done and will continue to do. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Vermont. 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, I will be 
very brief. I have had the privilege of serving longer in this body than any other Member of the Senate, currently. I can count on my one hand, or prob-ably a few fingers, some of the great speeches I have heard by both Repub-licans and Democrats in this body. One great speech I will never forget was that of the Senator from Rhode Island. He speaks to a subject that every sin-gle Vermonter would agree with, and this veteran Senator thanks him. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from New York. 
Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, my 
dear friend and colleague deserves a great moment of recognition today. We are all passionate about issues here in the Senate. But very few of us take to the floor each week to stoke the fire on a single issue and to inspire others to action. That is what Senator W
HITE-
HOUSE has done on one of the defining 
issues of our time—climate change. 
Today’s speech is the 100th such 
speech he has made on the floor of the Senate, pleading us to take meaningful action on climate change. It is the 100th time he has brought that now iconic poster to the floor. We can tell it is getting a little frayed. It is getting a little dented. It is the 100th time many of us have paused and said: ‘‘It’s time to wake up.’’ 
One hundred is a significant number 
today for many reasons. The first rough calculations on the impact of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:11 May 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18MY6.023 S18MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2966 May 18, 2015 
human carbon emissions on the cli-
mate began over 100 years ago in the late 19th century. For decades we have been certain of the science connecting human activity to changes in the glob-al climate. Yet these incremental changes in the climate did not spur us to act. As the good Senator from Rhode Island just said, the years of incre-mental change are over. 
In my home State of New York, 
Superstorm Sandy was a wake-up call. Those who for years have been telling us that a changing climate and rising seas are figments of the imagination had to eat their words after Sandy—the third significant storm to hit New York in those 2 years. Those who con-tinue to deny the real and very tan-gible evidence of climate change are like ostriches with their heads buried in the sand. 
Senator W
HITEHOUSE is right, and 
whether he tells us it is time to wake up 10 times more or another 100, until we do something, he will continue to be right. I thank him for his leadership, his persistence, his eloquence, and his devotion to the cause. I hope for his sake and for all of our sakes that this body takes his words to heart. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from California. 
Mrs. BOXER. Mr. President, I stand 
here as the ranking member of the En-vironment and Public Works Com-mittee. The day Senator W
HITEHOUSE  
got elected, I knew I wanted him on that committee. I think he has shown through the weeks and months and years that what he is going to do is very simple, which is to come to the floor and tell the truth to the Amer-ican people about this issue and bring the facts about this issue to the Sen-ate. 
What I think is fascinating and some-
thing he and I always look at is the deniers on the other side and their lat-est argument, which is that ‘‘we are not scientists.’’ Well, that is obvious. And we are not, either. That is the rea-son we listen to the scientists. There is no scientist who is going to say some-thing because he feels it is going to benefit him or her. They are going to tell the truth. And 98, 99 percent of the scientists agree that what is happening in terms of carbon pollution is hurting this planet and will hurt it irreversibly forever. Anyone in this body who doesn’t listen to this, who turns away from this will be judged by history and their Maker. But that is not good enough, because it is my grandkids and the grandkids of my colleagues who are going to have to deal with this. 
I will close with this. This whole no-
tion of ‘‘I am not a scientist’’ is ridicu-lous and it is ludicrous. If one of our Republican friends went to the doctor and, God forbid, the doctor said you have a serious cancerous tumor and you really need to have it taken care of, they are not going to look at the doctor and say: Well, I don’t know, I am not a doctor. You might get a sec-ond opinion. That is good. In the case 
of climate, we have 97, 98, 99 percent of scientists agreeing on this problem. 
You wouldn’t say to your doctor: 
Gee, I don’t know, maybe I will let this cancer go because I am not a doctor and what do I know? You have to rely on the people who know. And I have never seen anything like this. This is the tobacco company stance, when politicians cleared the way and tobacco businesses stood up and raised their right hand and said that nicotine was not a problem—and we know how that story ended—too late for a lot of people who died of cancer, too late for a lot of people who got hooked on cigarettes. 
We want to make sure S
HELDON  
WHITEHOUSE and those of us who agree 
with him are not going to wait too long. It is not going to be too late. We can actually save our families from the devastation of the ravages of climate change. 
So I say to Senator W
HITEHOUSE : It 
takes a lot of fortitude to stand up here in the Chamber time after time after time, and I think what he has done is make a record, which is very important because he has really touched on and continues to touch on all the new information. That is crit-ical, and everyone should read it be-cause it really does spell it out in very direct terms. 
It also shows the fight that Senator 
W
HITEHOUSE has, the belief that he has 
that we can win this battle. I share that view. It is because, as Senator W
HITEHOUSE points out, a vast major-
ity of the American people, including the vast majority of Republicans out there, think if you are a denier, you are losing it—that is my vernacular. They just don’t believe it. They can’t believe it. They think there is some-thing wrong with you if you are a de-nier. So that is what we have in our back pocket, and right here in the Sen-ate we have this treasure of a person, a Senator who will continue to fight, continue to work, and I can assure him, as long as I am here and even when I am not, I will be echoing many of the things he is saying. 
Thank you very much. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that it be in order during today’s session of the Senate to call up the following amendments: No. 1299, Portman-Stabenow; No. 1251, Sen-ator Brown; No. 1312, Inhofe, as modi-fied; No. 1327, Warren; No. 1226, McCain; and No. 1227, Shaheen. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
The Senator from Oregon. Mr. WYDEN. Reserving the right to 
object. I have no intent to object at this point. I just want to say this, to me, seems like a very balanced pack-age. We have three amendments on each side raising important issues. Chairman H
ATCH has indicated, and I 
support him on this, that we are ready to go again first thing in the morning. I think that is what it is going to take to ensure that all sides feel that they have a chance to have their major con-cerns aired, have their amendments ac-tually voted on. 
I withdraw my reservation and I 
commend Chairman H
ATCH for working 
with us cooperatively so we can have this balanced package go forward. With that, I withdraw my reservation. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
AMENDMENTS NOS . 1312, AS MODIFIED , AND 1226  
TO AMENDMENT NO . 1221 
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, on behalf 
of Senators I NHOFE and M CCAIN, I call 
up amendment No. 1312, as modified, and amendment No. 1226, and ask unan-imous consent that they be reported by number. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The clerk will report en bloc by num-
ber. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
The Senator from Utah [Mr. H ATCH ] pro-
poses en bloc amendments numbered 1312, as modified, and 1226 to Amendment No. 1221. 
The amendments en bloc are as fol-
lows: 
AMENDMENT NO . 1312, AS MODIFIED  
(Purpose: To amend the African Growth and 
Opportunity Act to require the develop-ment of a plan for each sub-Saharan Afri-can country for negotiating and entering into free trade agreements) 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. ll. FREE TRADE AGREEMENTS WITH SUB- 
SAHARAN AFRICAN COUNTRIES. 
(a) P LANREQUIREMENTS AND REPORTING .— 
Section 116 of the African Growth and Oppor-tunity Act (19 U.S.C. 3723) is amended by striking subsections (b) and (c) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(b) P
LANREQUIREMENT .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The President shall de-
velop a plan for the purpose of negotiating and entering into one or more free trade agreements with all sub-Saharan African countries and ranking countries or groups of countries in order of readiness. 
‘‘(2) E
LEMENTS OF PLAN .—The plan required 
by paragraph (1) shall include, for each sub- Saharan African country, the following: 
‘‘(A) The steps such sub-Saharan African 
country needs to be equipped and ready to enter into a free trade agreement with the United States, including the development of a bilateral investment treaty. 
‘‘(B) Milestones for accomplishing each 
step identified in (A) for each sub-Saharan African country, with the goal of estab-lishing a free trade agreement with each sub- Saharan African country not later than 10 years after the date of the enactment of the Trade Act of 2015. 
‘‘(C) A description of the resources re-
quired to assist each sub-Saharan African country in accomplishing each milestone de-scribed in subparagraph (B). 
‘‘(D) The extent to which steps described in 
subparagraph (A), the milestones described 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:11 May 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18MY6.033 S18MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2967 May 18, 2015 
in subparagraph (B), and resources described 
in subparagraph (C) may be accomplished through regional or subregional organiza-tions in sub-Saharan Africa, including the East African Community, the Economic Community of West African States, the Com-mon Market for Eastern and Southern Afri-ca, and the Economic Community of Central African States. 
‘‘(E) Procedures to ensure the following: ‘‘(i) Adequate consultation with Congress 
and the private sector during the negotia-tions. 
‘‘(ii) Consultation with Congress regarding 
all matters relating to implementation of the agreement or agreements. 
‘‘(iii) Approval by Congress of the agree-
ment or agreements. 
‘‘(iv) Adequate consultations with the rel-
evant African governments and African re-gional and subregional intergovernmental organizations during the negotiation of the agreement or agreements. 
‘‘(c) R
EPORTING REQUIREMENT .—Not later 
than 12 months after the date of the enact-ment of the Trade Act of 2015, the President shall prepare and transmit to Congress a re-port containing the plan developed pursuant to subsection (b).’’. 
(c) M
ILLENNIUM CHALLENGE COMPACTS .— 
After the date of the enactment of this Act, the United States Trade Representative and Administrator of the United States Agency 
for International Development shall consult and coordinate with the Chief Executive Of-ficer of the Millennium Challenge Corpora-tion regarding countries that have entered into a Millennium Challenge Compact pursu-ant to section 609 of the Millennium Chal-lenge Act of 2003 (22 U.S.C. 7708) that have been declared eligible to enter into such a Compact for the purpose of developing and carrying out the plan required by subsection (b) of section 116 of the African Growth and Opportunity Act (19 U.S.C. 3723), as amended by subsection (a). 
(d) C
OORDINATION OF USAID W ITHFREE 
TRADE AGREEMENT POLICY .— 
(1) A UTHORIZATION OF FUNDS .—Funds made 
available to the United States Agency for International Development under section 496 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2293) may be used in consultation with the United States Trade Representative— 
(A) to carry out subsection (b) of section 
116 of the African Growth and Opportunity Act (19 U.S.C. 3723), as amended by sub-section (a), including for the deployment of resources in individual eligible countries to assist such country in the development of in-stitutional capacities to carry out such sub-section (b); and 
(B) to coordinate the efforts of the United 
States to establish free trade agreements in accordance with the policy set out in sub-section (a) of such section 116. 
(2) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection: 
(A) E LIGIBLE COUNTRY .—The term ‘‘eligible 
country’’ means a sub-Saharan African coun-try that receives— 
(i) benefits under for the African Growth 
and Opportunity Act (19 U.S.C. 3701 et seq.); and 
(ii) funding from the United States Agency 
for International Development. 
(B) S
UB-SAHARAN AFRICAN COUNTRY .—The 
term ‘‘sub-Saharan African country’’ has the meaning given that term in section 107 of the African Growth and Opportunity Act (19 U.S.C. 3706). 
AMENDMENT NO . 1226 
(Purpose: To repeal a duplicative inspection 
and grading program) 
At the end, add the following: TITLE III—EXPANDING TRADE EXPORTS 
SEC. 301. REPEAL OF DUPLICATIVE INSPECTION 
AND GRADING PROGRAM. 
(a) F OOD, CONSERVATION , AND ENERGY ACT 
OF2008.—Effective June 18, 2008, section 11016 
of the Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008 (Public Law 110–246; 122 Stat. 2130) is re-pealed. 
(b) A
GRICULTURAL ACT OF 2014.—Effective 
February 7, 2014, section 12106 of the Agricul-tural Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–79; 128 Stat. 981) is repealed. 
(c) A
PPLICATION .—The Federal Meat In-
spection Act (21 U.S.C. 601 et seq.) and the Agricultural Marketing Act of 1946 (7 U.S.C. 1621 et seq.) shall be applied and adminis-tered as if the provisions of law struck by this section had not been enacted. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Michigan. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1299 TO AMENDMENT NO . 1221 
Ms. STABENOW. Mr. President, I 
want to say, first of all, thank you to our distinguished leader of the Finance Committee for including the Portman- Stabenow amendment. 
First, before calling it up, I ask 
unanimous consent to add Senator D
ONNELLY as a cosponsor and thank 
Senators B URR, G RAHAM , C OLLINS , 
BALDWIN , B ROWN , C ASEY , H EITKAMP , 
KLOBUCHAR , M ANCHIN , SCHUMER , SHA-
HEEN , and W ARREN for being cosponsors 
as well. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Ms. STABENOW. Mr. President, I 
call up amendment No. 1299. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report. 
The bill clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Michigan [Ms. S TABE -
NOW], for Mr. P ORTMAN , proposes an amend-
ment numbered 1299 to amendment No. 1221. 
Ms. STABENOW. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the reading of the amendment be dispensed with. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendment is as follows: 
(Purpose: To make it a principal negotiating 
objective of the United States to address currency manipulation in trade agree-ments) 
In section 102(b), strike paragraph (11) 
and insert the following: 
(11) C
URRENCY MANIPULATION .—The prin-
cipal negotiating objective of the United States with respect to unfair currency ex-change practices is to target protracted large-scale intervention in one direction in the exchange markets by a party to a trade agreement to gain an unfair competitive ad-vantage in trade over other parties to the agreement, by establishing strong and en-forceable rules against exchange rate manip-ulation that are subject to the same dispute settlement procedures and remedies as other enforceable obligations under the agreement and are consistent with existing principles and agreements of the International Mone-tary Fund and the World Trade Organiza-tion. Nothing in the previous sentence shall be construed to restrict the exercise of do-mestic monetary policy. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Ohio. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1251 TO AMENDMENT NO . 1221 
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I call up 
amendment No. 1251. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report. The bill clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Ohio [Mr. B ROWN ] pro-
poses an amendment numbered 1251 to amendment No. 1221. 
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the reading of the amendment be dispensed with. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendment is as follows: 
(Purpose: To require the approval of Con-
gress before additional countries may join the Trans-Pacific Partnership Agreement) 
At the end of section 107, add the fol-
lowing: 
(c) L
IMITATIONS ON ADDITIONAL COUNTRIES  
JOINING THE TRANS -PACIFIC PARTNERSHIP  
AGREEMENT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The trade authorities pro-
cedures shall apply to an implementing bill submitted with respect to an agreement de-scribed in subsection (a)(2) with the Trans- Pacific Partnership countries only if that implementing bill covers only the countries that are parties to the negotiations for that agreement as of the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(2) A
PPLICABILITY OF TRADE AUTHORITIES  
PROCEDURES TO ADDITIONAL COUNTRIES .—If a 
country or countries not a party to the nego-tiations for the agreement described in sub-section (a)(2) as of the date of the enactment of this Act enter into negotiations to join the agreement after that date, the trade au-thorities procedures shall apply to an imple-menting bill submitted with respect to an agreement with such country or countries to join the agreement described in subsection (a)(2) only if— 
(A) the President notifies Congress of the 
intention of the President to enter into ne-gotiations with such country or countries in accordance with section 105(a)(1)(A); 
(B) during the 90-day period provided for 
under section 105(a)(1)(A) before the Presi-dent initiates such negotiations— 
(i) the Committee on Ways and Means of 
the House of Representatives and the Com-mittee on Finance of the Senate each certify that such country or countries are capable of meeting the standards of the Trans-Pacific Partnership; and 
(ii) the House of Representatives and the 
Senate each approve a resolution approving such country or countries entering into ne-gotiations to join the agreement described in subsection (a)(2); 
(C) the agreement with such country or 
countries to join the agreement described in subsection (a)(2) is entered into before— 
(i) July 1, 2018; or (ii) July 1, 2021, if trade authorities proce-
dures are extended under section 103(c); and 
(D) that implementing bill covers only 
such country or countries. 
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, very 
briefly, in 30 seconds, I will explain the amendment. 
There are 12 countries in the Trans- 
Pacific Partnership. If at some point the President of the United States would like to add another country or two, this amendment simply says that Congress must approve; there must be a vote of the U.S. House of Representa-tives and a vote of the Senate in order to admit a new country. 
There is some concern that the Peo-
ple’s Republic of China, which is now the second largest economy in the world, would come in through the backdoor without congressional ap-proval. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:09 May 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18MY6.005 S18MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2968 May 18, 2015 
We want to make sure that neither 
the President who is in the White House today nor the next President nor the President after that can admit China or any other country with any other large economy or small economy in the TPP without congressional ap-proval. 
We will discuss and debate this 
amendment more tomorrow. 
I thank Senator W
YDEN and Senator 
HATCH for moving this process forward 
and bringing up many amendments to debate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Oregon. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1227 TO AMENDMENT NO . 1221 
(Purpose: To make trade agreements work 
for small businesses) 
Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, on behalf 
of Senator S HAHEEN , I call up her 
amendment, which is amendment No. 1227. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
The Senator from Oregon [Mr. W YDEN ], for 
Mrs. S HAHEEN , proposes an amendment num-
bered 1227 to amendment No. 1221. 
Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the reading of the amendment be dispensed with. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
(The amendment is printed in the 
R
ECORD of May 14, 2015, under ‘‘Text of 
Amendments.’’) 
AMENDMENT NO . 1327 TO AMENDMENT NO . 1221 
Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, on behalf 
of Senator W ARREN , I call up amend-
ment No. 1327. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
DAINES ). The clerk will report. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
The Senator from Oregon [Mr. W YDEN ], for 
Ms. W ARREN , proposes an amendment num-
bered 1327 to amendment No. 1221. 
Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the reading of the amendment be dispensed with. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendment is as follows: 
(Purpose: To prohibit the application of the 
trade authorities procedures to an imple-menting bill submitted with respect to a trade agreement that includes investor- state dispute settlement) 
At the end of section 106(b), add the fol-
lowing: 
(7) F
OR AGREEMENTS THAT THREATEN UNITED  
STATES SOVEREIGNTY .—The trade authorities 
procedures shall not apply to an imple-menting bill submitted with respect to a trade agreement or trade agreements entered into under section 103(b) if such agreement or agreements, the implementing bill, or any statement of administrative action described in subsection (a)(1)(E)(ii) proposed to imple-ment such agreement or agreements, in-cludes investor-state dispute settlement. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Utah. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS 
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to a period of morning busi-
ness, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. HATCH. I suggest the absence of 
a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The bill clerk proceeded to call the 
roll. 
Mr. LANKFORD. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
COMMEMORATING 35 YEARS SINCE 
THE ERUPTION OF MOUNT ST. HELENS 
∑Ms. CANTWELL. Mr. President, 
today marks the 35th anniversary of one of the largest and most devastating volcanic eruptions in the history of our Nation—the 1980 eruption of Mount St. Helens. Today, the people of my State continue to embrace the mountain’s beauty, but retain a profound respect for its power given the potential for a recap of the 1980 eruption and the dev-astation that it brought. 
On the morning of May 18, 1980, small 
eruptions and earthquakes finally cul-minated in a destructive eruption that changed surrounding geography and rendered the neighboring ridges void of life. David Johnston, a scientist with the U.S. Geological Survey was con-ducting measurements on the moun-tain. At 8:32 a.m., as an earthquake brought magma to St. Helens surface, Johnston sent the now infamous radio transmission: ‘‘Vancouver, Vancouver. This is it!’’ Sadly, just seconds later, Johnston was engulfed by the explosion and the ensuing landslide that swept laterally from the mountain at speeds as high as 670 miles per hour. Trag-ically, 57 lives were lost as a result of the eruption and 200 homes were de-stroyed along with bridges, roads, and railways in the vicinity. And the blast incinerated 100-year-old trees and all forms of plant life within the blast zone. Estimates put the total loss of trees at 4 billion board feet. 
In the 35 years since the eruption, 
the private sector and the Federal Gov-ernment’s approach to forestry has changed significantly. Following the eruption, Congress directed the Forest Service to embark on a new approach to forest management. In 1982, Con-gress created the Mount Saint Helens National Volcanic Monument. This 110,000 acre designation has created a kind of ‘‘biological laboratory’’ at the site of the eruption to let nature take its course. That foresight has allowed ecologists to learn that forests didn’t regenerate from clearings the way sci-entists had believed for almost a cen-tury. We also learned the importance of leaving behind a legacy of dead trees to serve as homes for birds and that 
patches of remnant areas existed which supported sporadic groups of live trees. The learnings from this natural dis-aster shaped the forest policy that we see throughout much of Washington and the country today. 
Now, as residents in Washington and 
around the country are witnessing un-usually large forest fires—the Federal Government needs to take the lessons learned following the Mount St. Helens eruptions and apply them to this new challenge. The government needs to do its part to rapidly provide the emer-gency services communities need after large fire and natural disasters. But we also need to stabilize slopes to prevent mudslides through investments in seis-mic monitoring equipment and Light Detection and Ranging or LiDAR. Just as we learned in the Mount St. Helens experiment, a great deal of wildlife thrive in the early forest conditions that come after a wildfire. Those areas need to be considered as managers look at what’s the best for our Federal lands. And what better place to visit that conversation, than on the Na-tional Forest that houses the ecologi-cal record of the Mount St. Helens eruption of 35 years ago. 
Seismic activity in the Pacific 
Northwest isn’t just a once in a genera-tion event, but an ever present reality in Washington State. The eruption of Mount St. Helens provides a clear re-minder of the value of early earth-quake monitoring and warning sys-tems. The Pacific Northwest Seismic Network offers early warning systems and comprehensive seismic monitoring that can warn communities up to a minute before an earthquake occurs, or even future volcanic eruptions. With constant seismic activity throughout much of Washington State, including at volcanos such as Glacier Peak in the Cascades, we must continue to make the vital investments in these early warning systems. 
I look forward to taking lessons 
learned on Mount St. Helens and apply-ing them to a new approach to forest policy. I have also called for us as leg-islators and constituents to begin a conversation around what we want our national forests to look like over the next 50 years. What is working well, and what problems we do not want to see as we think about our 21st century vision for our national forests. 
As we reflect today on the tragic and 
watershed event that happened on Mount St. Helens 35 years ago, we must work to put our forests on a long-term track to successfully delivering the things we expect from them—quality recreation, clean water, clean air, wild-life habitat, and a sustainable supply of wood products. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO WALTON GRESHAM 
∑Mr. COCHRAN. Mr. President, I am 
pleased to commend Walton Gresham of Indianola, MS, for his service and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 May 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18MY6.041 S18MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2969 May 18, 2015 
contributions to the State of Mis-
sissippi while serving as the 79th presi-dent of the Delta Council. This impor-tant organization was formed in 1935 and has grown into a widely respected economic development group rep-resenting the business, professional, and agricultural interests of the Mis-sissippi Delta. I am grateful to Delta Council for its continuous role in meet-ing the economic and quality of life challenges in this unique part of our country. 
Walton Gresham’s tenure as council 
president began soon after Congress en-acted the Agricultural Act of 2014, and his effective leadership has helped Mis-sissippi producers adapt to the new fed-eral agriculture policies established by this new farm bill. Mr. Gresham has been an active leader on transportation issues in our State, and he is construc-tively engaged as Congress prepares to consider legislation to reauthorize Fed-eral spending on highway and public transportation programs that are vi-tally important to the Mississippi Delta and its future. Mr. Gresham’s dedication to confronting health care disparities and higher education needs in our State should also be com-mended. Through its work with Delta Council, Mr. Gresham’s family has im-proved Mississippi’s workforce training and readiness. 
In addition to his role as president of 
Delta Council, Mr. Gresham has been active in the Mississippi Propane Gas Association, the National Propane Gas Association, the Petroleum Marketers Association of America, the Mississippi Petroleum Marketers and Convenience Stores Association, and the Mississippi Economic Council. He serves on the board of directors of Planters Bank, Propane Energy Group, Delta Ter-minal, Gresham-McPherson Oil Com-pany, DoubleQuick, and Indianola In-surance Agency. He is a past president of the Indianola Rotary Club and Indianola Country Club. 
Walton Gresham is a respected busi-
nessman and his performance as presi-dent of Delta Council will complement his well-earned reputation for unselfish service to improve the quality of life for those who live and do business in the Mississippi Delta region. His dedi-cation to the future of the delta and all of those who live there is sincere. I am pleased to join the people of my State in commending Walton Gresham and sharing our appreciation with his wife Laura and their children Lenore and Elizabeth as they prepare for the 80th annual meeting of the Delta Council organizational membership, at which time, he will reflect on his successful tenure before passing the torch to a new president. ∑ 
f 
CONGRATULATING TIM WILSON 
∑Mr. KING. Mr. President, I would 
like to congratulate Mr. Timothy P. Wilson on receiving the Gerda Haas Award for Excellence in Human Rights Education and Leadership from the Holocaust and Human Rights Center of 
Maine. 
The Gerda Haas Award recognizes 
and honors individuals who dem-onstrate excellence and initiative in human rights education and leadership. In the late 1970s, Gerda Haas was ap-pointed to the Maine State School Board of Education and while serving on the board learned that students were not being taught about the Holo-caust in Maine schools. Gerda identi-fied this critical educational void and took action to remedy it, establishing the Holocaust and Human Rights Cen-ter of Maine with the goal of com-bating prejudice and discrimination while encouraging individuals to re-flect and act upon their ethical and moral responsibilities in the modern world. 
Tim Wilson certainly lives up to this 
philosophy. Over the course of his vi-brant life as a teacher, coach, philan-thropist, consultant, government offi-cial, husband, father, and grandfather, Tim has dedicated his time to serving others both at home in Maine and in the international community. 
After graduating from Slippery Rock 
University and the University of Wash-ington, where he was certified to teach English as a second language, Tim served in the Peace Corps in Thailand from 1962 to 1965. When he returned to the U.S., Tim took over as the head coach of the Dexter High School foot-ball team leading them to two Class C co-state championships and two Little Ten Conference titles. Over the course of his coaching career Tim has been a mentor to hundreds, if not thousands of students throughout Maine advocating education and sportsmanship. 
One of Tim’s greatest legacies is his 
work with Seeds of Peace. This student exchange program is focused on bring-ing young people from conflict zones around the world together in order to build lasting relationships and develop the skills needed to advance peace. In the program’s first year, Tim managed the International Camp in Otisfield, ME where a group of 46 Israeli, Pales-tinian, Egyptian, and American teen-agers attended the camp for the inau-gural season. As Seeds of Peace grew to accommodate over 100 students every year, Tim worked as director of both the Seeds of Peace International Camp in Maine and the Seeds of Peace Center for Coexistence in Jerusalem. Cur-rently, Tim serves as a special inter-national advisor to Seeds of Peace which has generated over 5,000 inter-national alumni and which continues to help young people work towards peace in international conflict areas. 
Tim Wilson has worked under four 
Maine Governors, including myself. He has served in posts such as chair of the Maine Human Rights Commission, State ombudsman, and associate com-missioner of programming for the De-partment of Mental Health, Mental Re-tardation and Corrections. He served as director of the State Offices of Energy, Community Services, and Civil Emer-gency Preparedness. He has also been 
the director of admissions at Maine Central Institute in Pittsfield, the as-sociate headmaster at the Hyde School in Bath, ME, and the annual key note speaker at Dirigo Girls State. 
In 1997, the late King Hussein of the 
Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan pre-sented Tim with a Medal of Honor. Seeds of Peace has recognized his ef-forts with a Distinguished Leadership Award and the Maine Youth Camping Association honored him with the Hal-sey Gulick Award. Tim has also been honored with the Distinguished Amer-ican Award by the Maine Chapter of the National Football Foundation. Most recently, Tim received the Franklin H. Williams Award which rec-ognizes ethnically diverse returned Peace Corps Volunteers who exemplify a commitment to community service and the Peace Corps’ goal of promoting a cultural awareness among Ameri-cans. 
Tim Wilson has devoted his life to 
promoting peace and understanding, to educating young people, and to empow-ering them to make their commu-nities—and the world—a better place. I can think of no one more deserving of the Gerda Haas Award. Tim has led a career dedicated to teaching the next generation of young people and he has done a truly spectacular job of pre-paring them. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO JERRY DUNFEY 
∑Mrs. SHAHEEN. Mr. President, I 
wish to extend my best wishes to Jerry Dunfey on his 80th birthday this Satur-day and to salute his lifetime of re-markable achievements as a business leader and political activist. 
Jerry is one of 12 siblings born to 
Catharine and Leroy Dunfey, who emi-grated from Ireland, worked in the tex-tile mills of Lowell, MA, and later opened a small clam stand in Hampton, NH. In the years since, the Dunfeys have gone on to become one of the grand families of Granite State busi-ness and politics. 
As a teenager, Jerry went to work 
managing Dunfey’s Restaurant at Hampton Beach and then made his way through the University of New Hamp-shire by working at the family’s res-taurant in Durham. He and his broth-ers went on to operate other res-taurants, acquired small inns across New England, and founded Dunfey Ho-tels, which under subsequent owners became Omni Hotels. 
In 1968, they purchased the historic 
Parker House hotel in Boston, where they found the archives of the 19th cen-tury Saturday Club salon, which in-cluded Ralph Waldo Emerson, Henry Wadsworth Longfellow, and Oliver Wendell Holmes. Jerry Dunfey reincar-nated this famous club by founding what would become known as the Glob-al Citizens Circle. Since 1974, the circle has brought together elected officials, activists, and ordinary citizens to de-bate leading issues, advocate for civil 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 May 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18MY6.038 S18MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2970 May 18, 2015 
rights, and promote peaceful change in 
South Africa, Northern Ireland, and across the globe. Under auspices of the circle, Jerry has brought to New Hamp-shire speakers ranging from Arch-bishop Desmond Tutu to Ambassador Andrew Young to Arn Chorn-Pond, a survivor of the Cambodian killing fields. Hundreds of circle forums have been convened in Belfast, Soweto, Je-rusalem, Havana, and in cities across the United States. 
Jerry and his wife Nadine Hack have 
a long history of engagement in the U.S. civil rights movement, including a close friendship with the family of Martin Luther King, Jr. They both served on the board of the Martin Lu-ther King, Jr. Center for Nonviolent Social Change, read a psalm at Coretta Scott King’s private family funeral, and were honorary pall bearers at her larger public funeral. They also have close ties with leaders of South Afri-ca’s liberation movement and were guests of state at Nelson Mandela’s in-auguration as President in 1994. 
For more than six decades, the large 
Dunfey and Kennedy families have been closely intertwined in both friend-ship and politics—though Ted Kennedy used to joke that, when it came to chil-dren, ‘‘the Dunfeys are size 12 but the Kennedys are only size 9.’’ Jerry was close friends with John, Bobby, and Ted Kennedy, dating back to the 1950s, and John announced for the Presidency in 1960 at a Dunfey hotel in Man-chester. In 2009, Jerry and Nadine had the singular honor of sitting in the final hour of vigil by Ted Kennedy’s casket at the JFK Presidential Li-brary. 
Jerry Dunfey’s activism in progres-
sive politics has continued strongly into the second decade of the 21st cen-tury. He and Nadine have had five chil-dren and six grandchildren, and they are especially proud that all three gen-erations of their family actively cam-paigned for President Barack Obama. Now on the cusp of his ninth decade, Jerry is retired but far from retiring. 
Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., said, 
‘‘Life’s most persistent and urgent question is: What are you doing for others?’’ Across a lifetime in public life, Jerry Dunfey has answered that question in powerful ways: fighting for civil rights, advancing the cause of so-cial and economic justice here at home, and promoting peace and rec-onciliation across the globe. I con-gratulate Jerry on his 80th birthday and send my best wishes to Nadine, their children and grandchildren, and the entire Dunfey clan. They have con-tributed so much to the civic life of our State and our country. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DR. NICHOLAS 
WOLTER 
∑Mr. TESTER. Mr. President, today I 
wish to recognize a Montanan whose life’s work is helping to improve the health of folks in my home State and across this country. As a board-certified physician in in-
ternal medicine and pulmonary medi-cine, Dr. Nicholas Wolter has been dedicated to improving the health of folks in Montana for several decades. His distinguished career in Montana began more than 30 years ago at the Billings Clinic, where he now serves as the chief executive officer. Under his leadership, the Billings Clinic has be-come the largest health care organiza-tion in Montana, with more than 3,700 employees, including 350 physicians and 400 inpatient nurses. Dr. Wolter is known for his commitment to the peo-ple of Billings, and under his direction the clinic has provided more charity care than any other health care organi-zation in the State and has gained a reputation nationally as a leader in pa-tient safety, quality, and service. 
For the past decade, Dr. Wolter has 
been one of the most influential voices on Capitol Hill in helping to reform our fragmented health care delivery sys-tem and championing the medical- group delivery model. His successes can be seen in several pieces of legislation, including the Affordable Care Act, and have improved care for countless num-bers of patients. Dr. Wolter’s close partnership with our former colleague, Senator Max Baucus, resulted in Mon-tana serving as a model for the rest of the Nation on how best to deliver care in the most rural parts of this Nation. 
Dr. Wolter is a former member of the 
board of directors of the American Medical Group Association and the American Hospital Association. He served two terms as a Commissioner on the Medicare Payment Advisory Com-mission, advising Congress on how to improve care and reduce costs in the health care system. Dr. Wolter was rec-ognized by the Medical Group Manage-ment Association in 2004 as the Physi-cian Executive of the Year and was named by Modern Healthcare as one of the 100 Most Influential People in Health Care in 2010 and 2011, and by Modern Physicians as one of the 50 Most Influential Physicians in Health Care in 2011. 
Dr. Wolter has been a tireless advo-
cate in improving our health care sys-tem and today I am delighted to recog-nize him as he is being entered into the American Medical Group Association’s Policy Hall of Fame. ∑ 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT 
A message from the President of the 
United States was communicated to the Senate by Mr Pate, one of his sec-retaries. PRESIDENTIAL MESSAGE 
REPORT ON THE CONTINUATION 
OF THE NATIONAL EMERGENCY THAT WAS ORIGINALLY DE-CLARED IN EXECUTIVE ORDER 13047 OF MAY 20, 1997, WITH RE-SPECT TO BURMA, RECEIVED DURING ADJOURNMENT OF THE SENATE ON MAY 15, 2015—PM 17 
The PRESIDING OFFICER laid be-
fore the Senate the following message from the President of the United States, together with an accompanying report; which was referred to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: 
To the Congress of the United States: 
Section 202(d) of the National Emer-
gencies Act (50 U.S.C. 1622(d)) provides for the automatic termination of a na-tional emergency unless, within 90 days prior to the anniversary date of its declaration, the President publishes in the Federal Register and transmits to 
the Congress a notice stating that the emergency is to continue in effect be-yond the anniversary date. In accord-ance with this provision, I have sent to the Federal Register for publication the 
enclosed notice stating that the na-tional emergency with respect to Burma that was declared on May 20, 1997, is to continue in effect beyond May 20, 2015. The Government of Burma has made significant progress across a number of important areas, in-cluding the release of over 1,300 polit-ical prisoners, continued progress to-ward a nationwide cease-fire, the dis-charge of hundreds of child soldiers from the military, steps to improve labor standards, and expanding polit-ical space for civil society to have a greater voice in shaping issues critical to Burma’s future. In addition, Burma has become a signatory of the Inter-national Atomic Energy Agency’s Ad-ditional Protocol and ratified the Bio-logical Weapons Convention, signifi-cant steps towards supporting global nonproliferation. Despite these strides, the situation in the country continues to pose an unusual and extraordinary threat to the national security and for-eign policy of the United States. 
Concerns persist regarding the ongo-
ing conflict and human rights abuses in the country, particularly in ethnic mi-nority areas and Rakhine State. In ad-dition, Burma’s military operates with little oversight from the civilian gov-ernment and often acts with impunity. For these reasons, I have determined that it is necessary to continue the na-tional emergency with respect to Burma. 
Despite this action, the United 
States remains committed to sup-porting and strengthening Burma’s re-form efforts and to continue working both with the Burmese government and people to ensure that the democratic transition is sustained and irreversible. 
B
ARACK OBAMA .
THEWHITE HOUSE , May 15, 2015. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:09 May 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18MY6.007 S18MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2971 May 18, 2015 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE 
RECEIVED DURING ADJOURMENT 
Under the authority of the order of 
the Senate of January 6, 2015, the Sec-retary of the Senate, on May 15, 2015, during the adjournment of the Senate, received a message from the House of Representatives announcing that the House agrees to the amendment of the Senate to the bill (H.R. 1191) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to ensure that emergency services volun-teers are not taken into account as em-ployees under the shared responsibility requirements contained in the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, and agrees to the amendment of the Senate to the title of the bill. 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED  
Under the authority of the order of 
the Senate on January 6, 2015, the Sec-retary of the Senate, on May 15, 2015, during the adjournment of the Senate, received a message from the House of Representatives announcing that the Speaker has signed the following en-rolled bills: 
H.R. 606. An act to amend the Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 to exclude certain com-pensation received by public safety officers and their dependents from gross income. 
H.R. 1191. An act to provide for congres-
sional review and oversight of agreements relating to Iran’s nuclear program, and for other purposes. 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE 
At 2:02 p.m., a message from the 
House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the House has passed the following bills, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 2252. An act to clarify the effective 
data of certain provisions of the Border Pa-trol Agent Pay Reform Act of 2014, and for other purposes. 
H.R. 2297. An act to prevent Hezbollah and 
associated entities from gaining access to international financial and other institu-tions, and for other purposes. 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED  
The President pro tempore (Mr. 
HATCH ) announced that on today, May 
18, 2015, he had signed the following bills, which were previously signed by the Speaker of the House: 
H.R. 606. An act to amend the Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 to exclude certain com-pensation received by public safety officers and their dependents from gross income. 
H.R. 1191. An act to provide for congres-
sional review and oversight of agreements relating to Iran’s nuclear program, and for other purposes. 
f 
MEASURES REFERRED 
The following bill was read the first 
and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 2297. An act to prevent Hezbollah and 
associated entities from gaining access to international financial and other institu-tions, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs. MEASURES PLACED ON THE 
CALENDAR 
The following bills were read the sec-
ond time, and placed on the calendar: 
S. 1350. A bill to provide a short-term ex-
tension of Federal-aid highway, highway safety, motor carrier safety, transit, and other programs funded out of the Highway Trust Fund, and for other purposes. 
S. 1357. A bill to extend authority relating 
to roving surveillance, access to business records, and individual terrorists as agents of foreign powers under the Foreign Intel-ligence Surveillance Act of 1978 until July 31, 2015, and for other purposes. 
H.R. 2048. An act to reform the authorities 
of the Federal Government to require the production of certain business records, con-duct electronic surveillance, use pen reg-isters and trap and trace devices, and use other forms of information gathering for for-eign intelligence, counterterrorism, and criminal purposes, and for other purposes. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES 
The following reports of committees 
were submitted: 
By Mr. INHOFE, from the Committee on 
Environment and Public Works, without amendment: 
S. 611. A bill to amend the Safe Drinking 
Water Act to reauthorize technical assist-ance to small public water systems, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 114–47). 
S. 653. A bill to amend the Water Resources 
Research Act of 1984 to reauthorize grants for and require applied water supply research regarding the water resources research and technology institutes established under that Act (Rept. No. 114–48). 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND 
JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
The following bills and joint resolu-
tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. NELSON (for himself, Mrs. 
FEINSTEIN , and Mrs. B OXER ): 
S. 1360. A bill to amend the limitation on 
liability for passenger rail accidents or inci-dents under section 28103 of title 49, United States Code, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
By Mr. DAINES (for himself, Mr. B
AR-
RASSO , Mr. T ESTER , Mr. M ORAN , and 
Ms. H EITKAMP ): 
S. 1361. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to extend and improve the Indian coal production tax credit; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. CARPER (for himself and Mr. 
T
OOMEY ): 
S. 1362. A bill to amend title XI of the So-
cial Security Act to clarify waiver authority regarding programs of all-inclusive care for the elderly (PACE programs); to the Com-mittee on Finance. 
By Mr. CRAPO: 
S. 1363. A bill to require the Secretary of 
Energy to submit to Congress a report as-sessing the capability of the Department of Energy to authorize, host, and oversee pri-vately funded fusion and fission reactor pro-totypes and related demonstration facilities at sites owned by the Department of Energy; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. 
By Mr. SANDERS (for himself, Mr. 
B
ROWN , Ms. H IRONO , Mr. 
BLUMENTHAL , and Mr. F RANKEN ): S. 1364. A bill to amend title XIX of the So-
cial Security Act to require the payment of an additional rebate to the State Medicaid plan in the case of increase in the price of a generic drug at a rate that is greater than the rate of inflation; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. TESTER (for himself, Mr. 
D
AINES , Mr. F RANKEN , Mr. H EINRICH , 
Ms. H EITKAMP , Ms. K LOBUCHAR , and 
Mr. U DALL ): 
S. 1365. A bill to authorize the Secretary of 
the Interior to use designated funding to pay for construction of authorized rural water projects, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
By Mr. SANDERS: 
S. 1366. A bill to amend the charter of the 
Gold Star Wives of America to remove the restriction on the federally chartered cor-poration, and directors and officers of the corporation, attempting to influence legisla-tion; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. DONNELLY (for himself and 
Mr. P
ORTMAN ): 
S. 1367. A bill to amend the Federal Home 
Loan Bank Act with respect to membership eligibility of certain institutions; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 183 
At the request of Mr. B ARRASSO , the 
name of the Senator from Montana (Mr. D
AINES ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 183, a bill to repeal the annual fee on health insurance providers enacted by the Patient Protection and Afford-able Care Act. 
S. 352 
At the request of Ms. A YOTTE , the 
name of the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
352, a bill to amend section 5000A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to pro-vide an additional religious exemption from the individual health coverage mandate, and for other purposes. 
S. 375 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the 
name of the Senator from Virginia (Mr. W
ARNER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
375, a bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to provide a reduced rate of excise tax on beer produced do-mestically by certain qualifying pro-ducers. 
S. 386 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the 
name of the Senator from Montana (Mr. D
AINES ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 386, a bill to limit the authority of States to tax certain income of em-ployees for employment duties per-formed in other States. 
S. 389 
At the request of Ms. H IRONO , the 
name of the Senator from Minnesota (Mr. F
RANKEN ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 389, a bill to amend section 1111(h)(1)(C)(i) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to re-quire that annual State report cards reflect the same race groups as the de-cennial census of population. 
S. 391 
At the request of Mr. P AUL, the name 
of the Senator from South Carolina 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:52 May 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18MY6.012 S18MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2972 May 18, 2015 
(Mr. G RAHAM ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 391, a bill to preserve and protect the free choice of individual employees to form, join, or assist labor organiza-tions, or to refrain from such activi-ties. 
S. 447 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the 
name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Mr. M
ARKEY ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 447, a bill to amend title 28, United States Code, to prohibit the exclusion of individuals from service on a Federal jury on account of sexual orientation or gender identity. 
S. 491 
At the request of Ms. K LOBUCHAR , the 
name of the Senator from Minnesota (Mr. F
RANKEN ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 491, a bill to lift the trade em-bargo on Cuba. 
S. 559 
At the request of Mr. B URR, the name 
of the Senator from South Dakota (Mr. T
HUNE ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
559, a bill to prohibit the Secretary of Education from engaging in regulatory overreach with regard to institutional eligibility under title IV of the Higher Education Act of 1965, and for other purposes. 
S. 578 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the 
name of the Senator from Wyoming (Mr. B
ARRASSO ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 578, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to ensure more timely access to home health services for Medicare beneficiaries under the Medicare program. 
S. 599 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the 
name of the Senator from Alabama (Mr. S
ESSIONS ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 599, a bill to extend and ex-pand the Medicaid emergency psy-chiatric demonstration project. 
S. 613 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , 
the name of the Senator from Con-necticut (Mr. M
URPHY ) was added as a 
cosponsor of S. 613, a bill to amend the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act to improve the efficiency of summer meals. 
S. 682 
At the request of Mr. D ONNELLY , the 
name of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. B
OOZMAN ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 682, a bill to amend the Truth in Lending Act to modify the defini-tions of a mortgage originator and a high-cost mortgage. 
S. 688 
At the request of Mr. M ANCHIN , the 
name of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. M
ENENDEZ ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 688, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to adjust the Medicare hospital readmission reduc-tion program to respond to patient dis-parities, and for other purposes. 
S. 799 
At the request of Mr. M CCONNELL , 
the names of the Senator from Ten-nessee (Mr. C
ORKER ) and the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B ROWN ) were added as 
cosponsors of S. 799, a bill to combat the rise of prenatal opioid abuse and neonatal abstinence syndrome. 
S. 851 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the 
name of the Senator from Montana (Mr. T
ESTER ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 851, a bill to promote neutrality, simplicity, and fairness in the taxation of digital goods and digital services. 
S. 890 
At the request of Ms. C ANTWELL , the 
name of the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 890, a bill to amend title 54, United States Code, to provide con-sistent and reliable authority for, and for the funding of, the Land and Water Conservation Fund to maximize the ef-fectiveness of the Fund for future gen-erations, and for other purposes. 
S. 933 
At the request of Mr. A LEXANDER , the 
name of the Senator from Alabama (Mr. S
ESSIONS ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 933, a bill to amend the Na-tional Labor Relations Act with re-spect to the timing of elections and pre-election hearings and the identi-fication of pre-election issues, and to require that lists of employees eligible to vote in organizing elections be pro-vided to the National Labor Relations Board. 
S. 1006 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the 
name of the Senator from Florida (Mr. N
ELSON ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1006, a bill to incentivize early adop-tion of positive train control, and for other purposes. 
S. 1119 
At the request of Mr. P ETERS , the 
names of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
ARPER ) and the Senator from 
Virginia (Mr. W ARNER ) were added as 
cosponsors of S. 1119, a bill to establish the National Criminal Justice Commis-sion. 
S. 1121 
At the request of Ms. A YOTTE , the 
names of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ), the Senator from Delaware 
(Mr. C ARPER ) and the Senator from 
Vermont (Mr. L EAHY ) were added as co-
sponsors of S. 1121, a bill to amend the Horse Protection Act to designate ad-ditional unlawful acts under the Act, strengthen penalties for violations of the Act, improve Department of Agri-culture enforcement of the Act, and for other purposes. 
S. 1126 
At the request of Mr. C OONS , the 
names of the Senator from California (Mrs. B
OXER ) and the Senator from 
Georgia (Mr. P ERDUE ) were added as co-
sponsors of S. 1126, a bill to modify and extend the National Guard State Part-nership Program. 
S. 1135 
At the request of Mrs. M CCASKILL , 
the name of the Senator from Alabama (Mr. S
ESSIONS ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 1135, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to 
provide for fairness in hospital pay-ments under the Medicare program. 
S. 1142 
At the request of Mr. L EE, the name 
of the Senator from Alabama (Mr. S ES-
SIONS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1142, a bill to clarify that noncommer-cial species found entirely within the borders of a single State are not in interstate commerce or subject to reg-ulation under the Endangered Species Act of 1973 or any other provision of law enacted as an exercise of the power of Congress to regulate interstate com-merce. 
S. 1193 
At the request of Ms. C ANTWELL , the 
name of the Senator from Maine (Ms. C
OLLINS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1193, a bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to make permanent and expand the temporary minimum credit rate for the low-income housing tax credit program. 
S. 1212 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the 
names of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. K
IRK) and the Senator from Maine (Mr. 
KING) were added as cosponsors of S. 
1212, a bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 and the Small Busi-ness Act to expand the availability of employee stock ownership plans in S corporations, and for other purposes. 
S. 1214 
At the request of Mr. M ENENDEZ , the 
names of the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ), the Senator from Cali-
fornia (Mrs. F EINSTEIN ) and the Sen-
ator from Illinois (Mr. K IRK) were 
added as cosponsors of S. 1214, a bill to prevent human health threats posed by the consumption of equines raised in the United States. 
S. 1294 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the 
name of the Senator from Minnesota (Mr. F
RANKEN ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 1294, a bill to require the Sec-retary of Energy and the Secretary of Agriculture to collaborate in pro-moting the development of efficient, economical, and environmentally sus-tainable thermally led wood energy systems. 
S. 1300 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the 
name of the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1300, a bill to amend the section 221 of the Immigration and Nationality Act to provide relief for adoptive families from immigrant visa feeds in certain situations. 
S. 1302 
At the request of Mr. T ESTER , the 
name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1302, a bill to amend the Family and Medical Leave Act of 1993 to provide leave because of the death of a son or daughter. 
S. 1324 
At the request of Mrs. C APITO , the 
name of the Senator from Alabama 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:52 May 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18MY6.017 S18MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2973 May 18, 2015 
(Mr. S ESSIONS ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 1324, a bill to require the Ad-ministrator of the Environmental Pro-tection Agency to fulfill certain re-quirements before regulating standards of performance for new, modified, and reconstructed fossil fuel-fired electric utility generating units, and for other purposes. 
S. RES. 87 
At the request of Mr. M ENENDEZ , the 
names of the Senator from Georgia (Mr. I
SAKSON ) and the Senator from 
Washington (Mrs. M URRAY ) were added 
as cosponsors of S. Res. 87, a resolution to express the sense of the Senate re-garding the rise of anti-Semitism in Europe and to encourage greater co-operation with the European govern-ments, the European Union, and the Organization for Security and Co-oper-ation in Europe in preventing and re-sponding to anti-Semitism. 
S. RES. 168 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the 
names of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. W
YDEN ), the Senator from Wisconsin 
(Ms. B ALDWIN ), the Senator from Min-
nesota (Ms. K LOBUCHAR ) and the Sen-
ator from Wyoming (Mr. E NZI) were 
added as cosponsors of S. Res. 168, a resolution recognizing National Foster Care Month as an opportunity to raise awareness about the challenges of chil-dren in the foster care system, and en-couraging Congress to implement pol-icy to improve the lives of children in the foster care system. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1237 
At the request of Mr. L ANKFORD , the 
names of the Senator from Maryland (Mr. C
ARDIN ), the Senator from Lou-
isiana (Mr. C ASSIDY ) and the Senator 
from Louisiana (Mr. V ITTER ) were 
added as cosponsors of amendment No. 1237 proposed to H.R. 1314, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an admin-istrative appeal relating to adverse de-terminations of tax-exempt status of certain organizations. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1242 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the 
names of the Senator from Michigan (Ms. S
TABENOW ), the Senator from Min-
nesota (Ms. K LOBUCHAR ), the Senator 
from Wisconsin (Ms. B ALDWIN ), the 
Senator from Connecticut (Mr. M UR-
PHY), the Senator from Delaware (Mr. 
COONS ), the Senator from Hawaii (Ms. 
HIRONO ), the Senator from New York 
(Mr. S CHUMER ), the Senator from Con-
necticut (Mr. B LUMENTHAL ), the Sen-
ator from Rhode Island (Mr. W HITE-
HOUSE ), the Senator from New Mexico 
(Mr. U DALL ), the Senator from 
Vermont (Mr. S ANDERS ), the Senator 
from Massachusetts (Ms. W ARREN ), the 
Senator from West Virginia (Mr. M
ANCHIN ), the Senator from Massachu-
setts (Mr. M ARKEY ), the Senator from 
Minnesota (Mr. F RANKEN ), the Senator 
from Rhode Island (Mr. R EED), the Sen-
ator from New Mexico (Mr. H EINRICH ) 
and the Senator from Vermont (Mr. L
EAHY ) were added as cosponsors of 
amendment No. 1242 proposed to H.R. 1314, a bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determinations of tax-exempt status of certain organizations. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1244 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , the 
name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) was added as a cosponsor 
of amendment No. 1244 intended to be proposed to H.R. 1314, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED 
BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
By Mr. DAINES (for himself, Mr. 
BARRASSO , Mr. T ESTER , Mr. 
MORAN , and Ms. H EITKAMP ): 
S. 1361. A bill to amend the Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 to extend and im-prove the Indian coal production tax credit; to the Committee on Finance. 
Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, this year 
marks the 10-year anniversary of the Indian coal production tax credit. This is a crucial tax incentive that levels the playing field for the future develop-ment of tribal coal resources that are currently subject to more regulatory requirements than comparable develop-ment on private, State or Federal land. The credit protects the economic via-bility of existing tribal coal mining projects which support much needed tribal jobs and provide a major source of non-Federal revenue for coal-pro-ducing tribes. 
Over the past 10 years, the Indian 
production coal tax credit has proven to be an essential tool in the work of Montana tribes to achieve self-suffi-ciency, increase economic opportunity, and create good-paying jobs for tribal members. It also has had a significant impact on Montana’s economy as a whole. 
In fact, in the State of Montana, the 
Crow tribe relies on coal production for good-paying jobs and as much as two- thirds of the Crow Nation’s annual non- Federal budget, partially funding Crow elder programs, higher education for tribal youth, and other essential serv-ices for the Crow’s 13,000 enrolled mem-bers. 
Current unemployment on the Crow 
reservation is 47 percent. It would be over 80 percent if it weren’t for the coal jobs. In fact, just last month, I chaired the first ever energy and jobs Senate field hearing on the Crow reservation back in Montana. I heard firsthand how the tax credit is creating economic op-portunities for members of the Crow tribe. Yet the current nature of annual reauthorization has resulted in unnec-essary uncertainty. 
The Crow tribe, as well as all who 
rely on the Indian coal production tax credit, deserve a long-term solution that provides them with the support and certainty they desperately need. In fact, at last month’s hearing, Crow chairman Darrin Old Coyote testified, 
‘‘There are a few federal tax incentives that encourage investment and devel-opment in Indian country, but their utility is diminished by their short- term nature.’’ 
For those who have spent time on the 
Crow reservation and throughout Southeastern Montana, the economic benefits are most evident. The Indian coal production tax credit has served as a catalyst for creating jobs and fos-tering tribal self-determination. 
In fact, the Harvard Project on 
American Indian Economic Develop-ment recently published a study of pre-liminary findings which analyzed the economic effects of this tax provision. The study found that the Indian coal production tax credit contributed 1,600 jobs across Montana and generated $107 million in royalties and tax revenue for the Crow tribe in 2013 alone. In addi-tion, the tax credit stimulates $95 mil-lion in wages for the State of Montana. The Indian coal production tax credit, which expired at the end of 2014 after a 1-year extension, continues to serve the Crow tribe as an effective mecha-nism for economic development. How-ever, it is a constant source of angst due to Congress’s unwillingness to adopt an extension of this provision. 
The benefits of this tax credit are 
evident on tribal lands, especially in Montana. In fact, displayed promi-nently in my Washington, DC, office is a note from Crow chairman Old Coyote’s daughter Evelyn. I have it framed in my office. She wrote: ‘‘Please keep the coal tax credit going to help me and other Crow kids have a brighter future.’’ 
A permanent extension provides 
much needed certainty to invest in large-scale energy production projects and provides a path forward for the long-term prosperity of our tribal na-tions. 
Today, I am introducing much need-
ed legislation that addresses the prob-lem and gives our tribes certainty. I appreciate my colleague Montana Sen-ator J
ONTESTER for joining me in this 
important effort. I wish to thank Mon-tana Representative R
YANZinke for in-
troducing a companion bill in the House of Representatives. I also wish 
to thank the bipartisan Senate team that includes Senators B
ARRASSO , 
MORAN , and H EITKAMP for sponsoring 
this bill. Together, we will continue to advance this legislation for the better-ment of Native American tribes. 
While there is still more to be done 
to better serve our tribes, the perma-nent extension of the Indian coal pro-duction tax credit is a good start. I be-lieve this vital piece of legislation will continue to bring more good-paying jobs to Montana and to our Nation, and I strongly urge my colleagues in the Senate to support it. 
f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND 
PROPOSED 
SA 1249. Mr. MARKEY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:52 May 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18MY6.018 S18MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2974 May 18, 2015 
amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H ATCH  
to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determinations of tax-exempt status of cer-tain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1250. Mr. MARKEY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH  
to the bill H.R. 1314, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1251. Mr. BROWN (for himself, Mr. 
P
ETERS , Mr. S CHUMER , Ms. S TABENOW , Mr. 
MENENDEZ , and Mr. C ASEY ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH  
to the bill H.R. 1314, supra. 
SA 1252. Mr. BROWN (for himself, Mr. 
PORTMAN , Mrs. M CCASKILL , Mr. G RAHAM , Mr. 
BENNET , Mr. B URR, Mr. C ASEY , Mr. D ON-
NELLY , Mr. F RANKEN , Ms. K LOBUCHAR , and 
Mrs. C APITO ) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1253. Mr. BROWN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill 
H.R. 1314, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1254. Mr. BROWN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill 
H.R. 1314, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1255. Mr. BROWN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill 
H.R. 1314, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1256. Mr. BROWN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill 
H.R. 1314, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1257. Mr. BROWN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill 
H.R. 1314, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1258. Mr. BROWN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill 
H.R. 1314, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1259. Mr. BROWN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill 
H.R. 1314, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1260. Mr. BROWN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill 
H.R. 1314, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1261. Mr. BROWN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill 
H.R. 1314, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1262. Mr. BROWN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill 
H.R. 1314, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1263. Mr. BROWN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill 
H.R. 1314, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1264. Mr. BROWN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill 
H.R. 1314, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1265. Mr. BROWN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill 
H.R. 1314, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1266. Mr. BROWN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill 
H.R. 1314, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1267. Mr. BROWN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill 
H.R. 1314, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1268. Mr. BROWN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill 
H.R. 1314, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1269. Mr. BROWN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill 
H.R. 1314, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1270. Mr. BROWN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill 
H.R. 1314, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1271. Mr. BROWN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill 
H.R. 1314, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1272. Mr. BROWN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill 
H.R. 1314, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1273. Mr. BROWN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill 
H.R. 1314, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1274. Mr. BROWN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill 
H.R. 1314, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1275. Mr. BROWN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill 
H.R. 1314, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1276. Mr. BROWN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill 
H.R. 1314, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1277. Mr. BROWN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill 
H.R. 1314, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1278. Mr. BROWN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill 
H.R. 1314, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1279. Mr. BROWN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill 
H.R. 1314, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1280. Mr. BROWN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill 
H.R. 1314, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1281. Mr. BROWN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill 
H.R. 1314, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1282. Mr. BROWN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill 
H.R. 1314, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1283. Mr. BROWN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill 
H.R. 1314, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1284. Mr. BROWN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill 
H.R. 1314, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1285. Mr. BROWN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill 
H.R. 1314, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1286. Mr. BROWN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill 
H.R. 1314, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1287. Mr. BROWN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill 
H.R. 1314, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1288. Mr. BROWN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill 
H.R. 1314, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1289. Mr. BROWN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill 
H.R. 1314, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1290. Mr. BROWN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill 
H.R. 1314, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1291. Mr. BROWN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill 
H.R. 1314, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1292. Mr. BROWN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill 
H.R. 1314, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1293. Mr. BROWN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill 
H.R. 1314, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1294. Mr. BROWN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill 
H.R. 1314, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1295. Mr. BROWN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill 
H.R. 1314, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1296. Mr. BROWN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill 
H.R. 1314, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1297. Mr. BLUMENTHAL (for himself, 
Mr. B
ROWN , and Ms. B ALDWIN ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH  
to the bill H.R. 1314, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1298. Ms. HEITKAMP (for herself and 
Mr. B
OOZMAN ) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1299. Mr. PORTMAN (for himself, Ms. 
STABENOW , Mr. B URR, Mr. B ROWN , Mr. C ASEY , 
Mr. S CHUMER , Mr. G RAHAM , Mrs. S HAHEEN , 
Ms. H EITKAMP , Ms. B ALDWIN , Ms. K LOBUCHAR , 
Mr. M ANCHIN , Ms. W ARREN , Ms. C OLLINS , and 
Mr. D ONNELLY ) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:52 May 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18MY6.022 S18MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2975 May 18, 2015 
proposed by Mr. H ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, 
supra. 
SA 1300. Mr. PORTMAN (for himself, Mrs. 
MCCASKILL , Mr. B URR, Mr. T OOMEY , and Mr. 
GRAHAM ) submitted an amendment intended 
to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 pro-posed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1301. Ms. WARREN (for herself and Mrs. 
MCCASKILL ) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1302. Ms. WARREN (for herself and Mrs. 
MCCASKILL ) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1303. Ms. WARREN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH  
to the bill H.R. 1314, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1304. Ms. WARREN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH  
to the bill H.R. 1314, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1305. Ms. WARREN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH  
to the bill H.R. 1314, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1306. Ms. WARREN (for herself and Mrs. 
M
CCASKILL ) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1307. Ms. WARREN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH  
to the bill H.R. 1314, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1308. Mr. MARKEY (for himself, Mr. 
W
HITEHOUSE , and Mrs. B OXER ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH  
to the bill H.R. 1314, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1309. Mr. BENNET submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH  
to the bill H.R. 1314, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1310. Mr. BENNET submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH  
to the bill H.R. 1314, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1311. Mr. BENNET submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH  
to the bill H.R. 1314, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1312. Mr. INHOFE (for himself and Mr. 
C
OONS ) submitted an amendment intended to 
be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, supra. 
SA 1313. Mr. COATS (for himself and Ms. 
KLOBUCHAR ) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1314. Mr. COATS (for himself, Mrs. 
FEINSTEIN , and Mr. K IRK) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH  
to the bill H.R. 1314, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1315. Mr. BLUNT submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill 
H.R. 1314, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1316. Ms. CANTWELL (for herself, Mr. 
K
AINE, Ms. C OLLINS , and Mr. B ROWN ) sub-
mitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, supra; which was 
ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1317. Ms. BALDWIN (for herself, Mr. 
FRANKEN , and Mr. B LUMENTHAL ) submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH  
to the bill H.R. 1314, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1318. Ms. BALDWIN (for herself and Mr. 
B
LUMENTHAL ) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1319. Ms. BALDWIN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 1314, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1320. Ms. BALDWIN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH  
to the bill H.R. 1314, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1321. Ms. BALDWIN (for herself and Mr. 
M
URPHY ) submitted an amendment intended 
to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 pro-posed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1322. Ms. BALDWIN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH  
to the bill H.R. 1314, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1323. Ms. BALDWIN (for herself and Mr. 
F
RANKEN ) submitted an amendment intended 
to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 pro-posed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1324. Ms. BALDWIN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH  
to the bill H.R. 1314, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1325. Ms. BALDWIN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH  
to the bill H.R. 1314, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1326. Ms. WARREN (for herself and Mrs. 
M
CCASKILL ) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1327. Ms. WARREN (for herself, Ms. 
HEITKAMP , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. D URBIN , Mrs. 
BOXER , Mr. B ROWN , Mr. C ASEY , Mr. F RANKEN , 
Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. M ARKEY , 
Mr. P ETERS , Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mr. S CHATZ , 
Mr. U DALL , and Mr. H EINRICH ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH  
to the bill H.R. 1314, supra. 
SA 1328. Ms. WARREN (for herself, Mr. 
MERKLEY , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , and Ms. B ALD-
WIN) submitted an amendment intended to be 
proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, supra; which 
was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1329. Mr. BROWN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1314, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1330. Mr. BROWN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill 
H.R. 1314, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1331. Mr. BROWN (for himself and Mr. 
D
URBIN ) submitted an amendment intended 
to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 pro-posed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1332. Mr. MURPHY (for himself and Mr. 
BROWN ) submitted an amendment intended 
to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 pro-posed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1333. Mr. MURPHY (for himself, Ms. 
WARREN , and Ms. B ALDWIN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to 
amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H ATCH  
to the bill H.R. 1314, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1334. Mr. CASEY submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill 
H.R. 1314, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1335. Mr. CASEY submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill 
H.R. 1314, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1336. Mr. CASEY submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill 
H.R. 1314, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1337. Mr. CASEY submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill 
H.R. 1314, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1338. Mr. WHITEHOUSE submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH  
to the bill H.R. 1314, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1339. Mr. WHITEHOUSE submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH  
to the bill H.R. 1314, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1340. Mrs. FEINSTEIN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH  
to the bill H.R. 1314, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1341. Mr. BROWN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill 
H.R. 1314, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1342. Mr. RISCH submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill 
H.R. 1314, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1343. Mr. SANDERS submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH  
to the bill H.R. 1314, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1344. Mr. SANDERS submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH  
to the bill H.R. 1314, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1345. Mr. SANDERS submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH  
to the bill H.R. 1314, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1346. Mr. BOOKER submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill 
H.R. 1314, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1347. Mr. MENENDEZ submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH  
to the bill H.R. 1314, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1348. Mr. MENENDEZ (for himself and 
Mr. B
ROWN ) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1349. Mr. MENENDEZ submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH  
to the bill H.R. 1314, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1350. Mr. MENENDEZ (for himself, Mr. 
U
DALL , and Mr. B ROWN ) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:33 Feb 12, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAY 15\S18MY5.REC S18MY5bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2976 May 18, 2015 
H.R. 1314, supra; which was ordered to lie on 
the table. 
SA 1351. Mr. MENENDEZ (for himself, Mr. 
UDALL , and Mr. B ROWN ) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill 
H.R. 1314, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1352. Mr. MENENDEZ submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH  
to the bill H.R. 1314, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1353. Mr. PETERS submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill 
H.R. 1314, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1354. Mrs. BOXER (for herself, Mr. M
AR-
KEY, and Mr. B LUMENTHAL ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH  
to the bill H.R. 1314, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1355. Mrs. BOXER (for herself, Mr. M
AR-
KEY, and Mr. B LUMENTHAL ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH  
to the bill H.R. 1314, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1356. Mrs. BOXER (for herself, Mr. M
AR-
KEY, and Mr. B LUMENTHAL ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH  
to the bill H.R. 1314, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1357. Mrs. BOXER (for herself, Mr. M
AR-
KEY, and Mr. B LUMENTHAL ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH  
to the bill H.R. 1314, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1358. Mrs. BOXER (for herself, Mr. M
AR-
KEY, and Mr. B LUMENTHAL ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH  
to the bill H.R. 1314, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1359. Mrs. BOXER (for herself, Mr. M
AR-
KEY, and Mr. B LUMENTHAL ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH  
to the bill H.R. 1314, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1360. Mrs. BOXER (for herself, Mr. M
AR-
KEY, and Mr. B LUMENTHAL ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH  
to the bill H.R. 1314, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1361. Mrs. BOXER submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill 
H.R. 1314, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1362. Mrs. BOXER (for herself, Mr. M
AR-
KEY, and Mr. B LUMENTHAL ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH  
to the bill H.R. 1314, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1363. Mr. BOOKER submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill 
H.R. 1314, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1364. Mr. SANDERS submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH  
to the bill H.R. 1314, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1365. Ms. BALDWIN (for herself and Mr. 
B
LUMENTHAL ) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. TEXT OF AMENDMENTS 
SA 1249. Mr. MARKEY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of section 102(b), add the fol-
lowing: 
(21) A CCESS TO THE INTERNET .—The prin-
cipal negotiating objectives of the United States with respect to the Internet shall be to preserve equal access to the Internet and to not undermine any law or regulation of the United States with respect to net neu-trality. 
SA 1250. Mr. MARKEY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of section 102(b), add the fol-
lowing: 
(21) P RIVACY .—The principal negotiating 
objectives of the United States with respect to privacy shall be to protect the privacy of data of consumers and individuals and to not reduce protections for privacy under the law and regulations of the United States. 
SA 1251. Mr. BROWN (for himself, 
Mr. P ETERS , Mr. S CHUMER , Ms. S TABE -
NOW, Mr. M ENENDEZ , and Mr. C ASEY ) 
submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 pro-posed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 
1314, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to ad-verse determinations of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; as fol-lows: 
At the end of section 107, add the fol-
lowing: 
(c) L IMITATIONS ON ADDITIONAL COUNTRIES  
JOINING THE TRANS -PACIFIC PARTNERSHIP  
AGREEMENT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The trade authorities pro-
cedures shall apply to an implementing bill submitted with respect to an agreement de-scribed in subsection (a)(2) with the Trans- Pacific Partnership countries only if that implementing bill covers only the countries that are parties to the negotiations for that agreement as of the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(2) A
PPLICABILITY OF TRADE AUTHORITIES  
PROCEDURES TO ADDITIONAL COUNTRIES .—If a 
country or countries not a party to the nego-tiations for the agreement described in sub-section (a)(2) as of the date of the enactment of this Act enter into negotiations to join the agreement after that date, the trade au-thorities procedures shall apply to an imple-menting bill submitted with respect to an agreement with such country or countries to join the agreement described in subsection (a)(2) only if— 
(A) the President notifies Congress of the 
intention of the President to enter into ne-gotiations with such country or countries in accordance with section 105(a)(1)(A); (B) during the 90-day period provided for 
under section 105(a)(1)(A) before the Presi-dent initiates such negotiations— 
(i) the Committee on Ways and Means of 
the House of Representatives and the Com-mittee on Finance of the Senate each certify that such country or countries are capable of meeting the standards of the Trans-Pacific Partnership; and 
(ii) the House of Representatives and the 
Senate each approve a resolution approving such country or countries entering into ne-gotiations to join the agreement described in subsection (a)(2); 
(C) the agreement with such country or 
countries to join the agreement described in subsection (a)(2) is entered into before— 
(i) July 1, 2018; or (ii) July 1, 2021, if trade authorities proce-
dures are extended under section 103(c); and 
(D) that implementing bill covers only 
such country or countries. 
SA 1252. Mr. BROWN (for himself, 
Mr. P ORTMAN , Mrs. M CCASKILL , Mr. 
GRAHAM , Mr. B ENNET , Mr. B URR, Mr. 
CASEY , Mr. D ONNELLY , Mr. F RANKEN , 
Ms. K LOBUCHAR , and Mrs. C APITO ) sub-
mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 pro-posed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 
1314, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to ad-verse determinations of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the end, add the following: 
TITLE III—AMENDMENTS TO ANTI-
DUMPING AND COUNTERVAILING DUTY LAWS 
SEC. 301. CONSEQUENCES OF FAILURE TO CO-
OPERATE WITH A REQUEST FOR IN-FORMATION IN A PROCEEDING. 
Section 776 of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 
U.S.C. 1677e) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (b)— (A) by redesignating paragraphs (1) 
through (4) as subparagraphs (A) through (D), respectively, and by moving such sub-paragraphs, as so redesignated, 2 ems to the right; 
(B) by striking ‘‘A
DVERSE INFERENCES .—If’’ 
and inserting the following: ‘‘A DVERSE IN-
FERENCES .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—If’’; 
(C) by striking ‘‘under this title, may use’’ 
and inserting the following: ‘‘under this title— 
‘‘(A) may use’’; and (D) by striking ‘‘facts otherwise available. 
Such adverse inference may include’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘facts otherwise avail-able; and 
‘‘(B) is not required to determine, or make 
any adjustments to, a countervailable sub-sidy rate or weighted average dumping mar-gin based on any assumptions about informa-tion the interested party would have pro-vided if the interested party had complied with the request for information. 
‘‘(2) P
OTENTIAL SOURCES OF INFORMATION  
FOR ADVERSE INFERENCES .—An adverse infer-
ence under paragraph (1)(A) may include’’; 
(2) in subsection (c)— (A) by striking ‘‘C
ORROBORATION OF SEC-
ONDARY INFORMATION .—When the’’ and in-
serting the following: ‘‘C ORROBORATION OF  
SECONDARY INFORMATION .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
paragraph (2), when the’’; and 
(B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) E
XCEPTION .—The administrative au-
thority and the Commission shall not be re-quired to corroborate any dumping margin 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:52 May 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18MY6.024 S18MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2977 May 18, 2015 
or countervailing duty applied in a separate 
segment of the same proceeding.’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(d) S UBSIDY RATES AND DUMPING MARGINS  
INADVERSE INFERENCE DETERMINATIONS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—If the administering au-
thority uses an inference that is adverse to the interests of a party under subsection (b)(1)(A) in selecting among the facts other-wise available, the administering authority may— 
‘‘(A) in the case of a countervailing duty 
proceeding— 
‘‘(i) use a countervailable subsidy rate ap-
plied for the same or similar program in a countervailing duty proceeding involving the same country, or 
‘‘(ii) if there is no same or similar pro-
gram, use a countervailable subsidy rate for a subsidy program from a proceeding that the administering authority considers rea-sonable to use, and 
‘‘(B) in the case of an antidumping duty 
proceeding, use any dumping margin from any segment of the proceeding under the ap-
plicable antidumping order. 
‘‘(2) D
ISCRETION TO APPLY HIGHEST RATE .— 
In carrying out paragraph (1), the admin-istering authority may apply any of the countervailable subsidy rates or dumping margins specified under that paragraph, in-cluding the highest such rate or margin, based on the evaluation by the administering authority of the situation that resulted in the administering authority using an ad-verse inference in selecting among the facts otherwise available. 
‘‘(3) N
O OBLIGATION TO MAKE CERTAIN ESTI -
MATES OR ADDRESS CERTAIN CLAIMS .—If the 
administering authority uses an adverse in-ference under subsection (b)(1)(A) in select-ing among the facts otherwise available, the administering authority is not required, for purposes of subsection (c) or for any other purpose— 
‘‘(A) to estimate what the countervailable 
subsidy rate or dumping margin would have been if the interested party found to have failed to cooperate under subsection (b)(1) had cooperated, or 
‘‘(B) to demonstrate that the 
countervailable subsidy rate or dumping margin used by the administering authority reflects an alleged commercial reality of the interested party.’’. 
SEC. 302. DEFINITION OF MATERIAL INJURY. 
(a) E FFECT OF PROFITABILITY OF DOMESTIC  
INDUSTRIES .—Section 771(7) of the Tariff Act 
of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1677(7)) is amended by add-ing at the end the following: 
‘‘(J) E
FFECT OF PROFITABILITY .—The Com-
mission shall not determine that there is no material injury or threat of material injury to an industry in the United States merely because that industry is profitable or be-cause the performance of that industry has recently improved.’’. 
(b) E
VALUATION OF IMPACT ON DOMESTIC IN-
DUSTRY IN DETERMINATION OF MATERIAL IN-
JURY .—Subclause (I) of section 771(7)(C)(iii) 
of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1677(7)(C)(iii)) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(I) actual and potential decline in output, 
sales, market share, gross profits, operating profits, net profits, ability to service debt, productivity, return on investments, return on assets, and utilization of capacity,’’. 
(c) C
APTIVE PRODUCTION .—Section 
771(7)(C)(iv) of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1677(7)(C)(iv)) is amended— 
(1) in subclause (I), by striking the comma 
and inserting ‘‘, and’’; 
(2) in subclause (II), by striking ‘‘, and’’ 
and inserting a comma; and 
(3) by striking subclause (III). 
SEC. 303. PARTICULAR MARKET SITUATION. 
(a) D EFINITION OF ORDINARY COURSE OF  
TRADE .—Section 771(15) of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1677(15)) is amended by adding 
at the end the following: 
‘‘(C) Situations in which the administering 
authority determines that the particular market situation prevents a proper compari-son with the export price or constructed ex-port price.’’. 
(b) D
EFINITION OF NORMAL VALUE .—Section 
773(a)(1)(B)(ii)(III) of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1677b(a)(1)(B)(ii)(III)) is amended by striking ‘‘in such other country.’’. 
(c) D
EFINITION OF CONSTRUCTED VALUE .— 
Section 773(e) of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1677b(e)) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘business’’ 
and inserting ‘‘trade’’; and 
(2) By striking the flush text at the end 
and inserting the following: 
‘‘For purposes of paragraph (1), if a par-
ticular market situation exists such that the cost of materials and fabrication or other processing of any kind does not accurately reflect the cost of production in the ordinary course of trade, the administering authority may use another calculation methodology under this subtitle or any other calculation methodology. For purposes of paragraph (1), the cost of materials shall be determined without regard to any internal tax in the ex-porting country imposed on such materials or their disposition that is remitted or re-funded upon exportation of the subject mer-chandise produced from such materials.’’. 
SEC. 304. DISTORTION OF PRICES OR COSTS. 
(a) I NVESTIGATION OF BELOW -COST SALES .— 
Section 773(b)(2) of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1677b(b)(2)) is amended by striking subparagraph (A) and inserting the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(A) R
EASONABLE GROUNDS TO BELIEVE OR  
SUSPECT .— 
‘‘(i) R EVIEW .—In a review conducted under 
section 751 involving a specific exporter, there are reasonable grounds to believe or suspect that sales of the foreign like product have been made at prices that are less than the cost of production of the product if the administering authority disregarded some or all of the exporter’s sales pursuant to para-graph (1) in the investigation or, if a review has been completed, in the most recently completed review. 
‘‘(ii) R
EQUESTS FOR INFORMATION .—In an in-
vestigation initiated under section 732 or a review conducted under section 751, the ad-ministering authority shall request informa-tion necessary to calculate the constructed value and cost of production under sub-sections (e) and (f) to determine whether there are reasonable grounds to believe or suspect that sales of the foreign like product have been made at prices that represent less than the cost of production of the product.’’. 
(b) P
RICES AND COSTS IN NONMARKET ECONO -
MIES.—Section 773(c) of the Tariff Act of 1930 
(19 U.S.C. 1677b(c)) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(5) D
ISCRETION TO DISREGARD CERTAIN  
PRICE OR COST VALUES .—In valuing the fac-
tors of production under paragraph (1) for the subject merchandise, the administering authority may disregard price or cost values without further investigation if the admin-istering authority has determined that broadly available export subsidies existed or particular instances of subsidization oc-curred with respect to those price or cost values or if those price or cost values were subject to an antidumping order.’’. 
SEC. 305. REDUCTION IN BURDEN ON DEPART-
MENT OF COMMERCE BY REDUCING THE NUMBER OF VOLUNTARY RE-SPONDENTS. 
Section 782(a) of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 
U.S.C. 1677m(a)) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), by redesignating sub-
paragraphs (A) and (B) as clauses (i) and (ii), respectively, and by moving such clauses, as 
so redesignated, 2 ems to the right; 
(2) by redesignating paragraphs (1) and (2) 
as subparagraphs (A) and (B), respectively, and by moving such subparagraphs, as so re-designated, 2 ems to the right; 
(3) by striking ‘‘I
NVESTIGATIONS AND RE-
VIEWS .—In’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘I N-
VESTIGATIONS AND REVIEWS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—In’’; 
(4) in paragraph (1), as designated by para-
graph (3), by amending subparagraph (B), as redesignated by paragraph (2), to read as fol-lows: 
‘‘(B) the number of exporters or producers 
subject to the investigation or review is not so large that any additional individual ex-amination of such exporters or producers would be unduly burdensome to the admin-istering authority and inhibit the timely completion of the investigation or review.’’; and 
(5) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) D
ETERMINATION OF UNDULY BURDEN -
SOME .—In determining if an individual exam-
ination under paragraph (1)(B) would be un-duly burdensome, the administering author-ity may consider the following: 
‘‘(A) The complexity of the issues or infor-
mation presented in the proceeding, includ-ing questionnaires and any responses there-to. 
‘‘(B) Any prior experience of the admin-
istering authority in the same or similar proceeding. 
‘‘(C) The total number of investigations 
under subtitle A or B and reviews under sec-tion 751 being conducted by the admin-istering authority as of the date of the deter-mination. 
‘‘(D) Such other factors relating to the 
timely completion of each such investigation and review as the administering authority considers appropriate.’’. 
SEC. 306. APPLICATION TO CANADA AND MEXICO. 
Pursuant to article 1902 of the North Amer-
ican Free Trade Agreement and section 408 of the North American Free Trade Agree-ment Implementation Act (19 U.S.C. 3438), the amendments made by this title shall 
apply with respect to goods from Canada and Mexico. 
SA 1253. Mr. BROWN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike section 203(d)(2) and insert the fol-
lowing: 
(2) T RADE ADJUSTMENT ASSISTANCE FOR  
FIRMS .—Section 255(a) of the Trade Act of 
1974 (19 U.S.C. 2345(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘$16,000,000’’ and all that follows through ‘‘December 31, 2013’’ and inserting ‘‘$50,000,000 for each of the fiscal years 2015 through 2021’’. 
SA 1254. Mr. BROWN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of section 102(b), add the fol-
lowing: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:52 May 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18MY6.026 S18MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2978 May 18, 2015 
(21) P RINCIPAL NEGOTIATING OBJECTIVE DE -
FINED .—In this subsection, the term ‘‘prin-
cipal negotiating objective’’ means a manda-tory negotiating objective of the United States required to be achieved by the Presi-dent for an agreement to be eligible for trade authorities procedures, as defined in section 3(b). 
SA 1255. Mr. BROWN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of section 102(b)(1), add the fol-
lowing: 
(C) to obtain competitive opportunities for 
United States exports of goods by— 
(i) providing reasonable adjustment peri-
ods for import-sensitive products manufac-tured in the United States and maintaining close consultation with Congress with re-spect to those products before initiating ne-gotiations for a trade agreement that re-duces tariffs; 
(ii) taking into account whether a party to 
negotiations for a trade agreement has failed to adhere to any provision of an existing trade agreement with the United States or has circumvented any obligation under any such existing trade agreement; and 
(iii) taking into account whether a product 
is subject to market distortions by reason of— 
(I) the failure of a major producing coun-
try, as determined by the President, to ad-here to any provision of an existing trade agreement with the United States; or 
(II) the circumvention by that country of 
its obligations under an existing trade agree-ment with the United States. 
SA 1256. Mr. BROWN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
In section 102(b)(4), strike subparagraph 
(G). 
SA 1257. Mr. BROWN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
In section 102(b)(4), after subparagraph (E), 
insert the following: 
(F) strengthening the capacity of trading 
partners of the United States to protect the rights and interests of investors through the establishment and maintenance of fair and efficient legal proceedings consistent with the legal principles and practices of the United States; 
SA 1258. Mr. BROWN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative 
appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
In section 102(b)(10), strike subparagraph 
(G). 
SA 1259. Mr. BROWN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
In section 102(b), add at the end the fol-
lowing: 
(21) R ULES OF ORIGIN .—The principal nego-
tiating objective of the United States with respect to rules of origin is to ensure that the benefits of a trade agreement accrue to the parties to the agreement, particularly with respect to goods produced in the United States and goods that incorporate materials produced in the United States. 
SA 1260. Mr. BROWN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
In section 105(a), add at the end the fol-
lowing: 
(6) N EGOTIATIONS REGARDING INDUSTRIAL  
PRODUCTS .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Before initiating or con-
tinuing negotiations with respect to a trade agreement or trade agreements relating to industrial products, the President shall— 
(i) assess— (I) whether there is global overcapacity in 
industrial products, including industrial products subject to the provisions of such agreement or agreements; and 
(II) the enhanced access to the United 
States market that such agreement or agree-ments would provide; and 
(ii) consult with the Committee on Finance 
of the Senate and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives with respect to— 
(I) the potential impact of such agreement 
or agreements on industrial products pro-duced in the United States; 
(II) the results of the assessment con-
ducted under clause (i)(I); 
(III) whether it is appropriate for the 
President to agree to reduce tariffs on indus-trial products based on any conclusions reached in that assessment; and 
(IV) how the President intends to comply 
with all negotiating objectives applicable to such agreement or agreements. 
(B) A
SSESSMENT .—The assessment con-
ducted under subparagraph (A)(i) shall in-clude, at a minimum, an assessment of the following industrial products: 
(i) Steel and steel products. (ii) Aluminum and aluminum products. (iii) Solar products. (iv) Glass, including flat glass and glass-
ware. 
(v) Cement. (vi) Wood. (vii) Paper products. 
SA 1261. Mr. BROWN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
In section 106(b), add at the end the fol-
lowing: 
(7) F OR AGREEMENTS WITH COUNTRIES THAT  
DO NOT PROTECT RELIGIOUS FREEDOMS .—Not-
withstanding any other provision of law, the trade authorities procedures shall not apply to an implementing bill submitted with re-spect to a trade agreement or trade agree-ments with a country that does not protect religious freedoms, as determined in the most recent report on international religious freedom under section 102(b) of the Inter-national Religious Freedom Act of 1998 (22 U.S.C. 6412(b)). 
SA 1262. Mr. BROWN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
In section 106(b), add at the end the fol-
lowing: 
(7) F OR AGREEMENTS WITH NONMARKET ECON -
OMY COUNTRIES .—Notwithstanding any other 
provision of law, the trade authorities proce-dures shall not apply to an implementing bill submitted with respect to a trade agreement or trade agreements with a nonmarket econ-omy country, as defined in section 771(18) of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1677(18)). 
SA 1263. Mr. BROWN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
In section 106(b), add at the end the fol-
lowing: 
(7) F OR AGREEMENTS WITH COUNTRIES CLAS -
SIFIED AS TAX HAVENS .—Notwithstanding any 
other provision of law, the trade authorities procedures shall not apply to an imple-menting bill submitted with respect to a trade agreement or trade agreements with a country— 
(A) that is classified as a tax haven by the 
Government Accountability Office; and 
(B) with which the United States does not 
have a tax treaty in force. 
SA 1264. Mr. BROWN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:52 May 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18MY6.026 S18MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2979 May 18, 2015 
In section 104(a)(3), add at the end the fol-
lowing: 
(D) S UBMISSION AND IMPLEMENTATION OF  
GUIDELINES .— 
(i) I N GENERAL .—The United States Trade 
Representative shall submit to the Com-mittee on Finance of the Senate and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives a copy of the written guidelines developed under subparagraph (A)(i) and any revision to those guidelines under subparagraph (A)(ii). 
(ii) I
MPLEMENTATION .—The United States 
Trade Representative may not implement the written guidelines or revisions, as the case may be, submitted under clause (i) until the date that is 30 days after the submission of those guidelines or revisions under that clause. 
SA 1265. Mr. BROWN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
In section 107, add at the end the following: 
(c) R ULE OF CONSTRUCTION ON NONMARKET  
ECONOMY COUNTRIES .—Nothing in this Act, 
or negotiations for an agreement that were commenced before the date of the enactment of this Act, shall be construed to suggest that any country that is a nonmarket econ-omy country, as defined in section 771(18) of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1677(18)), on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act has transitioned to a market econ-omy for purposes of accession to the World Trade Organization. 
SA 1266. Mr. BROWN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
In section 107, add at the end the following: 
(c) S ENSE OF CONGRESS ON TREATMENT OF  
CHINA.—It is the sense of Congress that the 
People’s Republic of China may not join ne-gotiations for the Trans-Pacific Partnership until the President certifies to Congress that China— 
(1) has not manipulated the exchange rate 
of its currency for a period of not less than one year preceding the certification; and 
(2) has fully transitioned to a market econ-
omy country. 
SA 1267. Mr. BROWN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of section 107, add the fol-
lowing: 
(c) L IMITATION ON ADDITIONAL COUNTRIES  
JOINING THE TRANS -PACIFIC PARTNERSHIP NE-
GOTIATIONS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
paragraph (2), this section shall not apply with respect to an agreement described in 
subsection (a)(2) with the Trans-Pacific Partnership countries if a country that is not a party to the negotiations for that agreement as of the date of the enactment of this Act joins those negotiations. 
(2) A
PPROVAL BY CONGRESS .—This section 
shall apply to an agreement described in sub-section (a)(2) with the Trans-Pacific Partner-ship countries if, for each country that joins the negotiations for the agreement after the date of the enactment of this Act, the House of Representatives and the Senate each ap-prove a resolution approving that country joining the negotiations. 
(3) C
ERTIFICATION .—Before a resolution de-
scribed in paragraph (2) with respect to a country may be voted on by the House of Representatives or the Senate, the Com-mittee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives or the Committee on Fi-nance of the Senate, as the case may be, shall certify that the country meets the standards for the Trans-Pacific Partnership. 
SA 1268. Mr. BROWN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike section 104(a)(2) and insert the fol-
lowing: 
(2) C ONSULTATIONS PRIOR TO ENTRY INTO  
FORCE .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Prior to exchanging notes 
providing for the entry into force of a trade agreement, the United States Trade Rep-resentative shall consult closely and on a timely basis with Members of Congress and committees as specified in paragraph (1), and keep them fully apprised of the measures a trading partner has taken to comply with those provisions of the agreement that are to take effect on the date that the agreement enters into force. 
(B) V
OTE BY COMMITTEE ON WAYS AND MEANS  
AND COMMITTEE ON FINANCE BEFORE ENTRY  
INTO FORCE .— 
(i) N OTICE .—Not later than 90 days before a 
trade agreement enters into force, the United States Trade Representative shall submit to Members of Congress and the com-mittees of the House of Representatives and the Senate with jurisdiction over laws that could be affected by the agreement written notice that the agreement will enter into force. 
(ii) V
OTE BY COMMITTEE ON WAYS AND MEANS  
AND COMMITTEE ON FINANCE .—Not later than 
30 days after receiving notice under clause (i) that a trade agreement will enter into force, the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Finance of the Senate shall each meet and vote on whether or not each country that is a party to the agreement meets the standards of the agreement. 
SA 1269. Mr. BROWN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
In section 104(d), add at the end the fol-
lowing: (5) P UBLIC AVAILABILITY OF NEGOTIATING  
PROPOSALS .—The United States Trade Rep-
resentative shall make available to the pub-lic each proposal made by the United States in negotiations for a trade agreement con-ducted under this Act on the day on which the Trade Representative shares the proposal with any other party to the negotiations. 
SA 1270. Mr. BROWN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
In section 104(d), add at the end the fol-
lowing: 
(5) P UBLIC PARTICIPATION IN TRADE NEGOTIA -
TIONS .—The United States Trade Representa-
tive shall— 
(A) make available to the public each pro-
posed chapter of a trade agreement being ne-gotiated under this Act; and 
(B) provide for a period for public comment 
on each such chapter. 
SA 1271. Mr. BROWN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike section 106(b)(2) and insert the fol-
lowing: 
(2) P ROCEDURES FOR CONSIDERING RESOLU -
TIONS .—(A) Procedural disapproval resolu-
tions— 
(i) in the House of Representatives— (I) may be introduced by any Member of 
the House; 
(II) shall be referred to the Committee on 
Ways and Means and, in addition, to the Committee on Rules; 
(III) may not be amended by either Com-
mittee; and 
(IV) shall be discharged from both such 
Committees on the day on which not less than one-third of the Members of the House become cosponsors of the resolution; and 
(ii) in the Senate— (I) may be introduced by any Member of 
the Senate; 
(II) shall be referred to the Committee on 
Finance; 
(III) may not be amended; and (IV) shall be discharged from the Com-
mittee on Finance on the day on which not less than one-third of the Members of the Senate become cosponsors of the resolution. 
(B) The provisions of subsections (d) and 
(e) of section 152 of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2192) (relating to the floor consider-ation of certain resolutions in the House and Senate) apply to a procedural disapproval resolution introduced with respect to a trade agreement if no other procedural disapproval resolution with respect to that trade agree-ment has previously been reported in that House of Congress by the Committee on Ways and Means or the Committee on Fi-nance, as the case may be, and if no resolu-tion described in clause (ii) of section 5(b)(3)(B) with respect to that trade agree-ment has been reported in that House of Con-gress by the Committee on Ways and Means or the Committee on Finance, as the case may be, pursuant to the procedures set forth in clauses (iii) through (vii) of such section. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:09 May 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18MY6.028 S18MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2980 May 18, 2015 
SA 1272. Mr. BROWN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 23, beginning on line 14, strike 
‘‘(as defined in’’ and all that follows through line 20 and insert ‘‘or its labor laws, or’’. 
SA 1273. Mr. BROWN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title I, add the following: 
SEC. 112. REPORT ON IMPACT OF TRADE AGREE-
MENTS ON PUBLIC HEALTH. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 120 
days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall make available to the public an assessment of the anticipated impact of each trade agreement subject to section 103 on access to medicines in the United States. 
(b) E
LEMENTS .—The assessment shall in-
clude, for each trade agreement, the fol-lowing: 
(1) An estimate of the implications of ap-
plicable elements of the trade agreement for the cost of medical tools and technologies. 
(2) An estimate of any delays of limits to 
generic competition for medical products that may arise as a result of the trade agree-ment above and beyond existing rules in the United States and in United States trading partners. 
SA 1274. Mr. BROWN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Beginning on page 17, strike line 23 and all 
that follows through page 18, line 4, and in-sert the following: 
(C) to respect— (i) the Declaration on the TRIPS Agree-
ment and Public Health, adopted by the World Trade Organization at the Fourth Ministerial Conference at Doha, Qatar on November 14, 2001; 
(ii) the bipartisan congressional agreement 
on trade policy relating to trade agreements with Peru, Colombia, and Panama, dated May 10, 2007 (commonly referred to as the ‘‘May 10 agreement’’); 
(iii) the World Intellectual Property Orga-
nization Development Agenda, adopted in 2007; and 
(iv) World Health Organization Resolution 
61.21 (2008); and 
(D) to ensure that trade agreements pro-
tect all public health intellectual property flexibilities afforded by the agreements spec-ified in subparagraph (C) and all other cur-rent and subsequent related agreements, in-cluded the flexibility to define the scope of patentability nationally, to foster patient- driven innovation, and to promote access to 
medicines for all people. 
SA 1275. Mr. BROWN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 65, between lines 6 and 7, insert 
the following: 
(g) P UBLICATION OF VISITORS TO THE OFFICE  
OF THE UNITED STATES TRADE REPRESENTA -
TIVE.—The United States Trade Representa-
tive shall publish on a publicly available Internet website of the Office of the United States Trade Representative a list of all in-dividuals who visit that Office and are not employees of the Federal Government to fa-cilitate the ability of the public to identify individuals and entities that are seeking to influence trade negotiations. 
SA 1276. Mr. BROWN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title I, add the following: 
SEC. 112. ASSESSMENT OF FOOD SAFETY SYS-
TEMS OF TRANS-PACIFIC PARTNER-SHIP COUNTRIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 90 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Agriculture and the Sec-retary of Health and Human Services shall jointly submit to the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Finance of the Senate a report assessing the food safety systems of the countries involved in the negotiations for a Trans-Pacific Partnership agreement. 
(b) E
LEMENTS .—The report required by sub-
section (a) shall include, with respect to each country involved in the negotiations for a Trans-Pacific Partnership agreement, the following: 
(1) An assessment of the following: (A) The food safety legal and regulatory 
system in place in that country. 
(B) The microbiological and chemical con-
taminant standards used by that country, as compared to such standards in the United States. 
(C) The frequency of testing conducted for 
microbiological and chemical contaminants by the government of that country. 
(D) The food safety laboratory capacity for 
that country. 
(E) The food safety inspection system used 
by that country and the frequency of such inspections. 
(F) Whether that country has a formal food 
safety equivalency agreement or a similar agreement in effect with the United States. 
(G) The volume of food products imported 
into the United States from that country, expressed in pounds amd broken down by classification under the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States, for each of the 5 years preceding the date of the report. 
(H) The amount of each such food product 
that received physical inspection at United States ports of entry each year during the 5- year period preceding the date of the report, expressed as a percentage of the total num-ber of pounds imported from that country 
during that 5-year period. 
(I) The amount of each such food product 
that received laboratory analysis by United States food safety authorities each year dur-ing that 5-year period, expressed as a per-centage of the total number of pounds im-ported from that country during that 5-year period. 
(2) A list of food products that country re-
jected for exportation to the United States during that 5-year period. 
(3) A description of any incidents that led 
to complete bans of food products from being exported to the United States from that country during that 5-year period and the reasons for such bans. 
(4) A description of any incidents in which 
that country has been found to have trans-shipped food products the importation of which is prohibited by the United States from other foreign countries for exportation to the United States. 
(5) A description of major food safety inci-
dents within that country during the 5 years preceding the date of the report that have raised concerns about the food safety system of the country. 
SA 1277. Mr. BROWN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title I, add the following: 
SEC. 112. COMPTROLLER GENERAL OF THE 
UNITED STATES REPORT ON CLASSI-FICATION OF DOCUMENTS RELAT-ING TO TRADE NEGOTIATIONS. 
The Comptroller General of the United 
States shall submit to Congress a report on the classification by the United States Trade Representative of documents relating to trade negotiations, including an assessment of whether or not the classification levels are appropriate, consistent with historical practices, consistent with other the prac-tices of other Federal agencies, and con-sistent with the practices of trading partners of the United States. 
SA 1278. Mr. BROWN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 54, between lines 9 and 10, insert 
the following: 
(C) A CCESS OF CONGRESSIONAL STAFF .—In 
developing guidelines under subparagraph (A), the United States Trade Representative may not require a staff member of a Member of Congress with a proper security clearance described in subparagraph (B)(ii) to be ac-companied by the Member of Congress to have access to documents related to trade negotiations. 
SA 1279. Mr. BROWN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:52 May 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18MY6.031 S18MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2981 May 18, 2015 
appeal relating to adverse determina-
tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 65, between lines 6 and 7, insert 
the following: 
(g) R EPORT ON CLASSIFICATION OF NEGOTI -
ATING PROPOSALS .—Not later than 30 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the United States Trade Representative shall submit to Congress a report— 
(1) describing the policy of the Trade Rep-
resentative with respect to the classification of proposed text for trade agreements and the use of other methods for limiting access to such text; and 
(2) providing a justification for that policy. 
SA 1280. Mr. BROWN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 65, between lines 6 and 7, insert 
the following: 
(g) L IMITATION ON EMPLOYEES OF THE OF-
FICE OF THE UNITED STATES TRADE REP-
RESENTATIVE ACTING AS FOREIGN AGENTS .— 
Section 141 of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2171) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(h) An individual who serves as employee 
of the Office of the United States Trade Rep-resentative may not register as an agent of a foreign principal under section 2 of the Foreign Agents Registration Act of 1938 (22 U.S.C. 612) until the date that is 3 years after 
the date on which the employment of the in-dividual with the Office terminates.’’. 
SA 1281. Mr. BROWN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 22, strike lines 1 through 14 and in-
sert the following: 
(8) S TATE -OWNED AND STATE -CONTROLLED  
ENTERPRISES .—The principle negotiating ob-
jectives of the United States regarding com-petition by state-owned and state-controlled commercial enterprises, including those en-terprises for which the share of the enter-prise owned by the country is less than 50 percent, are— 
(A) to require each state-owned or state- 
controlled enterprise to act solely in a man-ner consistent with commercial consider-ations in all investments, operations, and other activities of the enterprise in the terri-tory of a country that is a party to the trade agreement and is not the country that owns or controls the enterprise; 
(B) to prohibit each country that is a party 
to the trade agreement from providing to an enterprise that is owned or controlled by that country any subsidies or other bene-fits— 
(i) that are not generally available on com-
mercial terms; and 
(ii) that provide an advantage to the enter-
prise or its operations with respect to any investment, operation, or other activity in the territory of another country that is a party to the trade agreement; (C) to not restrict temporary measures 
taken by a country that is a party to the trade agreement that the country deter-mines are necessary to safeguard an essen-tial economic or security interest of that country; 
(D) to require each country that is a party 
to the agreement to make public an annual report with respect to each enterprise that is owned or controlled by that country and that invests in or conducts operations or other activities in the territory of another country that is a party to the trade agree-ment that— 
(i) describes in detail the governing struc-
ture of the enterprise; 
(ii) identifies the share of the interests in 
the capital structure of the enterprise that are held by the government of that country; 
(iii) identifies the members of the board of 
directors of the enterprise; and 
(iv) identifies the annual revenue and total 
assets of the enterprise; 
(E) to subject all state-owned or state-con-
trolled enterprises in a country that is a party to the trade agreement to dispute set-tlement mechanisms in enforcing the trade agreement; and 
(F) to preserve the ability of state-owned 
or state-controlled enterprises to provide le-gitimate public services. 
SA 1282. Mr. BROWN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 33, between lines 9 and 10, insert 
the following: 
(H) to incorporate into the agreement the 
due process protections of the Constitution of the United States and provisions of the Constitution relating to access to docu-ments, open hearings, transparency, and fair and impartial tribunals; 
(I) to require that any dispute settlement 
panel, including an appellate panel, consid-ering a dispute relating to intellectual prop-erty rights or environmental, health, labor, or other related issues include panelists with expertise in the issues that are the subject of the dispute; and 
(J) to require that dispute resolution pro-
ceedings be open to the public and provide timely public access to information regard-ing enforcement of the agreement, disputes under the agreement, and ongoing negotia-tions relating to disputes under the agree-ment. 
SA 1283. Mr. BROWN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 73, between lines 2 and 3, insert 
the following: 
(6) R EPORT ON FOREIGN COUNTRIES .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 45 days be-
fore the President initiates negotiations for a trade agreement with a foreign country, the President shall submit to Congress and make available to the public a report on the foreign country that includes an assessment of whether the foreign country— (i) has a democratic form of government; 
(ii) has adopted the core labor standards 
into the laws and regulations of the foreign country and effectively enforces those stand-ards as reflected in reports by the Com-mittee of Experts on the Application of Con-ventions and Recommendations, the Con-ference Committee on the Application of Standards, and the Committee on Freedom of Association of the International Labour Organization; 
(iii) respects fundamental human rights, as 
reflected in the annual Country Reports on Human Rights Practices of the Department of State; 
(iv) is designated as a country of particular 
concern for religious freedom under section 402(b)(1) of the International Religious Free-dom Act of 1998 (22 U.S.C. 6442(b)(1)); 
(v) is included on the list described in sub-
paragraph (B) or (C) of section 110(b)(1) of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7107(b)(1)) (commonly known as tier 2 and tier 3 of the Trafficking in Persons Report of the Department of State); 
(vi) complies with the multilateral agree-
ments relating to the environment to which the foreign country is a party; 
(vii) has adequate environmental laws and 
regulations, has devoted sufficient resources to implementing those laws and regulations, and has an adequate record of enforcement of those laws and regulations; 
(viii) enforces the rights and flexibilities 
provided under the Agreement on Trade-Re-lated Aspects of Intellectual Property Rights referred to in section 101(d)(15) of the Uru-guay Round Agreements Act (19 U.S.C. 3511(d)(15)); and 
(ix) provides for government transparency, 
due process of law, and respect for inter-national agreements. 
(B) R
EPORT ON ONGOING NEGOTIATIONS .—Not 
later than 30 days after the date of the enact-ment of this Act, the President shall submit to Congress and make available to the public a report on each foreign country with which negotiations for a trade agreement are ongo-ing on such date of enactment that includes the matters required to be included in the re-port under paragraph (1) with respect to that foreign country. 
(C) F
ORM OF REPORT .—Each report required 
under paragraphs (1) and (2) shall be sub-mitted in unclassified form, but may contain a classified annex. 
SA 1284. Mr. BROWN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike section 103 and insert the following: 
SEC. 103. TRADE AGREEMENTS AUTHORITY. 
(a) A GREEMENTS REGARDING TARIFF BAR-
RIERS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—If the President deter-
mines that one or more existing duties or other import restrictions of any foreign country or the United States are unduly bur-dening and restricting the foreign trade of the United States and that the purposes, policies, priorities, and objectives of this title will be promoted thereby, the Presi-dent— 
(A) may enter into trade agreements with 
foreign countries before July 1, 2018; and 
(B) may, subject to paragraphs (2) and (3), 
proclaim— 
(i) such modification or continuance of any 
existing duty, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:52 May 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18MY6.030 S18MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2982 May 18, 2015 
(ii) such continuance of existing duty free 
or excise treatment, or 
(iii) such additional duties, 
as the President determines to be required or appropriate to carry out any such trade agreement. Substantial modifications to, or substantial additional provisions of, a trade agreement entered into after July 1, 2018, shall not be eligible for approval under this title. 
(2) N
OTIFICATION .—The President shall no-
tify Congress of the President’s intention to enter into an agreement under this sub-section. 
(3) L
IMITATIONS .—No proclamation may be 
made under paragraph (1) that— 
(A) reduces any rate of duty (other than a 
rate of duty that does not exceed 5 percent ad valorem on the date of the enactment of this Act) to a rate of duty which is less than 50 percent of the rate of such duty that ap-
plies on such date of enactment; 
(B) reduces the rate of duty below that ap-
plicable under the Uruguay Round Agree-ments or a successor agreement, on any im-port sensitive agricultural product; or 
(C) increases any rate of duty above the 
rate that applied on the date of the enact-ment of this Act. 
(4) A
GGREGATE REDUCTION ; EXEMPTION FROM  
STAGING .— 
(A) A GGREGATE REDUCTION .—Except as pro-
vided in subparagraph (B), the aggregate re-duction in the rate of duty on any article which is in effect on any day pursuant to a trade agreement entered into under para-graph (1) shall not exceed the aggregate re-duction which would have been in effect on such day if— 
(i) a reduction of 3 percent ad valorem or a 
reduction of 
1⁄10of the total reduction, 
whichever is greater, had taken effect on the effective date of the first reduction pro-claimed under paragraph (1) to carry out such agreement with respect to such article; and 
(ii) a reduction equal to the amount appli-
cable under clause (i) had taken effect at 1- year intervals after the effective date of such first reduction. 
(B) E
XEMPTION FROM STAGING .—No staging 
is required under subparagraph (A) with re-spect to a duty reduction that is proclaimed under paragraph (1) for an article of a kind that is not produced in the United States. The United States International Trade Com-mission shall advise the President of the identity of articles that may be exempted from staging under this subparagraph. 
(5) R
OUNDING .—If the President determines 
that such action will simplify the computa-tion of reductions under paragraph (4), the President may round an annual reduction by an amount equal to the lesser of— 
(A) the difference between the reduction 
without regard to this paragraph and the next lower whole number; or 
(B) 
1⁄2of 1 percent ad valorem. 
(6) O THER LIMITATIONS .—A rate of duty re-
duction that may not be proclaimed by rea-son of paragraph (3) may take effect only if a provision authorizing such reduction is in-cluded within an implementing bill provided for under section 106 and that bill is enacted into law. 
(7) O
THER TARIFF MODIFICATIONS .—Notwith-
standing paragraphs (1)(B), (3)(A), (3)(C), and (4) through (6), and subject to the consulta-tion and layover requirements of section 115 of the Uruguay Round Agreements Act (19 U.S.C. 3524), the President may proclaim the modification of any duty or staged rate re-duction of any duty set forth in Schedule XX, as defined in section 2(5) of that Act (19 U.S.C. 3501(5)), if the United States agrees to such modification or staged rate reduction in a negotiation for the reciprocal elimination or harmonization of duties under the aus-
pices of the World Trade Organization. 
(8) A
UTHORITY UNDER URUGUAY ROUND  
AGREEMENTS ACT NOT AFFECTED .—Nothing in 
this subsection shall limit the authority pro-vided to the President under section 111(b) of the Uruguay Round Agreements Act (19 U.S.C. 3521(b)). 
(b) A
GREEMENTS REGARDING TARIFF AND  
NONTARIFF BARRIERS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—(A) If the President deter-
mines that— 
(i) 1 or more existing duties or any other 
import restriction of any foreign country or the United States or any other barrier to, or other distortion of, international trade un-duly burdens or restricts the foreign trade of the United States or adversely affects the United States economy, or 
(ii) the imposition of any such barrier or 
distortion is likely to result in such a bur-den, restriction, or effect, and that the purposes, policies, priorities, and objectives of this title will be promoted thereby, the President may enter into a 
trade agreement described in subparagraph (B) during the period described in subpara-graph (C). 
(B) The President may enter into a trade 
agreement under subparagraph (A) with for-eign countries providing for— 
(i) the reduction or elimination of a duty, 
restriction, barrier, or other distortion de-scribed in subparagraph (A); or 
(ii) the prohibition of, or limitation on the 
imposition of, such barrier or other distor-tion. 
(C) The President may enter into a trade 
agreement under this paragraph before July 1, 2018. Substantial modifications to, or substantial additional provisions of, a trade agreement entered into after July 1, 2018, shall not be eligible for approval under this title. 
(2) C
ONDITIONS .—A trade agreement may be 
entered into under this subsection only if such agreement makes progress in meeting the applicable objectives described in sub-sections (a) and (b) of section 102 and the President satisfies the conditions set forth in sections 104 and 105. 
(3) B
ILLS QUALIFYING FOR TRADE AUTHORI -
TIES PROCEDURES .—(A) The provisions of sec-
tion 151 of the Trade Act of 1974 (in this title referred to as ‘‘trade authorities proce-dures’’) apply to a bill of either House of Congress which contains provisions described in subparagraph (B) to the same extent as such section 151 applies to implementing bills under that section. A bill to which this paragraph applies shall hereafter in this title be referred to as an ‘‘implementing bill’’. 
(B) The provisions referred to in subpara-
graph (A) are— 
(i) a provision approving a trade agreement 
entered into under this subsection and ap-proving the statement of administrative ac-tion, if any, proposed to implement such trade agreement; and 
(ii) if changes in existing laws or new stat-
utory authority are required to implement such trade agreement or agreements, only such provisions as are strictly necessary or appropriate to implement such trade agree-ment or agreements, either repealing or amending existing laws or providing new statutory authority. 
(c) C
OMMENCEMENT OF NEGOTIATIONS .—In 
order to contribute to the continued eco-nomic expansion of the United States, the President shall commence negotiations cov-ering tariff and nontariff barriers affecting any industry, product, or service sector, and expand existing sectoral agreements to coun-tries that are not parties to those agree-ments, in cases where the President deter-mines that such negotiations are feasible and timely and would benefit the United States. Such sectors include agriculture, 
commercial services, intellectual property rights, industrial and capital goods, govern-ment procurement, information technology products, environmental technology and services, medical equipment and services, civil aircraft, and infrastructure products. In so doing, the President shall take into ac-count all of the negotiating objectives set forth in section 102. 
SA 1285. Mr. BROWN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of section 107, add the fol-
lowing: 
(c) A VAILABILITY OF INFORMATION ON AUTO-
MOBILE SUPPLY CHAINS .—The United States 
Trade Representative shall make available to all Members of Congress and their staff with proper security clearances upon request and in a timely and comprehensive manner— 
(1) an analysis of the supply chains in each 
of the Trans-Pacific Partnership countries with respect to automobiles and the esti-mated impact that the rules of origin pro-posal with respect to automobiles by the United States for the Trans-Pacific Partner-ship Agreement will have on those supply chains; and 
(2) a comparison of the rules of origin with 
respect to automobiles under the North American Free Trade Agreement to the rules of origin proposal with respect to auto-mobiles by the United States for the Trans- Pacific Partnership Agreement and an anal-ysis of the effect of each of the rules on the supply chain in the United States with re-spect to automobiles. 
SA 1286. Mr. BROWN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to 
provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of section 107, add the fol-
lowing: 
(c) R EPORT BY SECRETARY OF LABOR ON  
LABOR LAWS OF TRANS -PACIFIC PARTNERSHIP  
COUNTRIES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Labor shall submit to Con-gress a report on the labor laws of the Trans- Pacific Partnership countries. 
(2) E
LEMENTS .—The report required by 
paragraph (1) shall include the following: 
(A) An assessment of whether the labor 
laws of each of the Trans-Pacific Partnership countries comply with the Trans-Pacific Partnership Agreement. 
(B) If those laws are not in compliance 
with that agreement, a description of the steps each such country would be required to take to comply with the agreement during the following periods: 
(i) Before the agreement is signed. (ii) Before the agreement is implemented. (iii) After the agreement takes effect. (C) An assessment of the monitoring, in-
vestigatory, and enforcement mechanisms that each such country has in place to en-sure continued compliance with the labor standards under that agreement. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:31 May 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18MY6.030 S18MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2983 May 18, 2015 
SA 1287. Mr. BROWN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title I, add the following: 
SEC. 112. REPORT BY COMPTROLLER GENERAL 
ON COMPLIANCE WITH AND EN-FORCEMENT OF LABOR PROVISIONS OF TRADE AGREEMENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than two years 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, and not less frequently than every two years thereafter, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to Congress a re-port on compliance by trading partners of the United States with, and enforcement by Federal agencies of, labor provisions of trade agreements to which the United States is a party. 
(b) E
LEMENTS .—Each report required by 
subsection (a) shall assess the status of the implementation by trading partners of the United States of labor provisions of trade agreements to which the United States is a party during the period covered by the re-port, including— 
(1) a description of the steps that trading 
partners have taken, including any assist-ance provided by the United States to carry out those steps, to implement those provi-sions and any other labor initiatives, includ-ing the results of those steps; 
(2) a description of any submission accept-
ed by the Department of Labor regarding a possible violation of a labor provision of a trade agreement to which the United States is a party and any issues relating to the sub-mission process in general, as determined by the Comptroller General; and 
(3) an assessment of the extent to which 
Federal agencies monitor and enforce the implementation by trading partners of the United States of labor provisions of trade agreements to which the United States is a party and report the results of that moni-toring and enforcement to Congress. 
SA 1288. Mr. BROWN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title I, add the following: 
SEC. 112. REPORT BY COMPTROLLER GENERAL 
ON INVESTOR-STATE CASES BROUGHT AGAINST THE UNITED STATES. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of 
the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to Congress a report on— 
(1) each case brought against the Govern-
ment of the United States under investor- state dispute settlement procedures; 
(2) the outcome of each such case; and (3) the resources of the Government of the 
United States expended on each such case. 
SA 1289. Mr. BROWN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-
tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title I, add the following: 
SEC. 112. ANNUAL REPORT BY SECRETARY OF 
COMMERCE ON UNITED STATES IM-PORTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than one year 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, and not less frequently than annually there-after, the Secretary of Commerce shall sub-mit to Congress and publish in the Federal Register a report on imports into the United States. 
(b) E
LEMENTS .—Each report submitted 
under subsection (a) shall identify, for the year covered by the report, disaggregated by country of origin of the import— 
(1) the industry sectors in the United 
States with the most imports; 
(2) the industry sectors in the United 
States with the largest increase in imports as compared to the previous year; and 
(3) the trade agreements, if any, under 
which imports described in paragraph (1) or (2) were imported into the United States and the impact of those imports on employment in the United States. 
SA 1290. Mr. BROWN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 21, strike lines 5 through 14 and in-
sert the following: and interoperable standards, as appropriate; and 
SA 1291. Mr. BROWN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 20, strike line 21 and insert the fol-
lowing: practices; and 
(vii) the prevention of conflicts of interest 
in the development of regulations; 
SA 1292. Mr. BROWN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 19, line 24, insert ‘‘, including pub-
lic and civil society stakeholders,’’ after ‘‘parties’’. 
SA 1293. Mr. BROWN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain 
organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 16, strike lines 20 through 24 and 
insert the following: 
(iii) recognizing that laws and rules that 
distinguish the availability, acquisition, scope, maintenance, use, and enforcement for medical products are not discriminatory and the legal rights of trading partners to implement safeguards for the protection of access to medicines and public health, in ac-cordance with the Agreement on Trade-Re-lated Aspects of Intellectual Property Rights (known as the ‘‘TRIPS Agreement’’), signed in Marrakesh, Morocco, on April 15, 1994; 
SA 1294. Mr. BROWN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 16, line 12, strike ‘‘United States’’ 
and insert ‘‘international’’. 
SA 1295. Mr. BROWN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 3, line 9, insert ‘‘ensure that work-
ers in the United States benefit equally from international trade,’’ after ‘‘United States,’’. 
SA 1296. Mr. BROWN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Beginning on page 13, strike line 23 and all 
that follows through page 14, line 2, and in-sert the following: 
(D) establishing standards for expropria-
tion that require compensation when a gov-ernment seizes or appropriates an invest-ment for its own use or the use of a third party but that do not require compensation when a government regulates an investment in a nondiscriminatory manner that does not transfer ownership or control of the invest-ment; 
SA 1297. Mr. BLUMENTHAL (for 
himself, Mr. B ROWN , and Ms. B ALDWIN ) 
submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 pro-posed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 
1314, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to ad-verse determinations of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
In section 104, strike subsection (d) and in-
sert the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:31 May 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18MY6.034 S18MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2984 May 18, 2015 
(d) C ONSULTATIONS WITH THE PUBLIC .— 
(1) T RANSPARENCY REQUIREMENTS FOR  
TRADE NEGOTIATIONS .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
subparagraph (C), the United States Trade Representative shall make available to Members of Congress and the public, through means including publication on a publicly available Internet website, all formal pro-posals advanced by the United States in ne-gotiations for a trade agreement pursuant to this title not later than 5 calendar days after the earliest of— 
(i) the date on which the proposal is shared 
with another party to the negotiations; 
(ii) the date on which the proposal is sub-
mitted to an advisory committee established under section 135 of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2155); or 
(iii) the date on which the proposal is 
cleared through the interagency process es-
tablished to approve official positions in trade negotiations. 
(B) C
LASSIFIED PROPOSALS SHARED WITH  
FOREIGN GOVERNMENTS .—If text proposed by 
the United States Trade Representative to be included in a trade agreement is classified and is shared with any official of a foreign government, that text shall be declassified when the text is shared with that official and made available to Members of Congress and the public in accordance with subparagraph (A). 
(C) E
XCEPTIONS .—The Trade Representa-
tive shall not be required to make available under subparagraph (A)— 
(i) any formal proposal advanced by the 
United States in negotiations for a trade agreement that is intended to be contained in the provisions of the agreement relating to market access for goods and relates to such market access; or 
(ii) subject to subparagraph (B), any classi-
fied information that does not constitute a formal proposal advanced by the United States in negotiations for a trade agreement. 
(D) F
ORMAL PROPOSAL DEFINED .— 
(i) I N GENERAL .—In this paragraph, the 
term ‘‘formal proposal advanced by the United States in negotiations for a trade agreement’’— 
(I) means any proposed language, position 
paper, summary of position, or other docu-ment that— 
(aa) includes analysis or other language in-
tended to inform negotiations for a trade agreement; 
(bb) is offered or intended to be offered on 
behalf of the United States to any party to the negotiations; and 
(cc) reflects the official position of the 
United States with respect to the negotia-tions; and 
(II) includes any communication regarding 
the negotiations that is shared with other parties to the negotiations after being cleared through the interagency process es-tablished to approve official positions in trade negotiations or that is submitted to an advisory committee established under sec-tion 135 of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2155). 
(ii) E
XCLUSION .—The term ‘‘formal pro-
posal’’ does not include any communication between negotiators or other officials par-ticipating in negotiations for a trade agree-ment that is not intended to reflect the offi-cial position of the United States, including any communication not cleared through the interagency process described in clause (i)(II). 
(E) E
FFECTIVE DATE .— 
(i) I N GENERAL .—The provisions of this 
paragraph apply with respect to negotiations for a trade agreement initiated on or after or pending on the date of the enactment of this Act. (ii) P
ENDING TRADE AGREEMENTS .—In the 
case of a trade agreement pending on the date of the enactment of this Act, the Presi-dent shall, not more than 30 calendar days after such date of enactment, make available to Members of Congress and the public all formal proposals that have been advanced by the United States in negotiations for that trade agreement in accordance with this paragraph. 
(F) S
HARING OF INFORMATION WITH MEMBERS  
OF CONGRESS AND STAFF .—Nothing in this 
section shall be construed to prevent or oth-erwise limit the sharing of classified or un-classified information with Members of Con-gress and staff in accordance with sub-sections (a) and (b). 
(2) G
UIDELINES FOR PUBLIC ENGAGEMENT .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—In carrying out the re-
quirements of paragraph (1), the United States Trade Representative, in consultation with the chairmen and the ranking members of the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Finance of the Senate, respectively— 
(i) shall, not later than 120 days after the 
date of the enactment of this Act, develop written guidelines on public access to infor-mation regarding negotiations conducted under this title; and 
(ii) may make such revisions to the guide-
lines as may be necessary from time to time. 
(B) P
URPOSES .—The guidelines developed 
under subparagraph (A) shall— 
(i) facilitate transparency; (ii) encourage public participation; and (iii) promote collaboration in the negotia-
tion process. 
(C) C
ONTENT .—The guidelines developed 
under subparagraph (A) shall include proce-dures that— 
(i) provide for rapid disclosure of informa-
tion in forms that the public can readily find 
and use; and 
(ii) provide frequent opportunities for pub-
lic input through Federal Register requests for comment and other means. 
(D) D
ISSEMINATION .—The United States 
Trade Representative shall disseminate the guidelines developed under subparagraph (A) to all Federal agencies that could have juris-diction over laws affected by trade negotia-tions. 
SA 1298. Ms. HEITKAMP (for herself 
and Mr. B OOZMAN ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end, add the following: 
TITLE III—AGRICULTURAL EXPORT 
EXPANSION 
SEC. 301. PRIVATE FINANCING OF SALES OF AG-
RICULTURAL COMMODITIES TO CUBA. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding any 
other provision of law (other than section 908 of the Trade Sanctions Reform and Export Enhancement Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7207), as amended by subsection (c)), a person subject to the jurisdiction of the United States may provide payment or financing terms for sales of agricultural commodities to Cuba or an individual or entity in Cuba. 
(b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) A GRICULTURAL COMMODITY .—The term 
‘‘agricultural commodity’’ has the meaning given the term in section 102 of the Agricul-tural Trade Act of 1978 (7 U.S.C. 5602). 
(2) F
INANCING .—The term ‘‘financing’’ in-
cludes any loan or extension of credit. (c) C ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 908 
of the Trade Sanctions Reform and Export Enhancement Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7207) is amended— 
(1) in the section heading, by striking ‘‘
AND 
FINANCING ’’; 
(2) by striking subsection (b); (3) in subsection (a)— (A) by striking ‘‘P
ROHIBITION ’’ and all that 
follows through ‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Notwith-
standing’’ and inserting ‘‘I NGENERAL .—Not-
withstanding’’; and 
(B) by redesignating paragraphs (2) and (3) 
as subsections (b) and (c), respectively, and by moving those subsections, as so redesig-nated, 2 ems to the left; and 
(4) by striking ‘‘paragraph (1)’’ each place 
it appears and inserting ‘‘subsection (a)’’. 
SA 1299. Mr. PORTMAN (for himself, 
Ms. S TABENOW , Mr. B URR, Mr. B ROWN , 
Mr. C ASEY , Mr. S CHUMER , Mr. G RAHAM , 
Mrs. S HAHEEN , Ms. H EITKAMP , Ms. 
BALDWIN , Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mr. 
MANCHIN , Ms. W ARREN , Ms. C OLLINS , 
and Mr. D ONNELLY ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; as follows: 
In section 102(b), strike paragraph (11) and 
insert the following: 
(11) C URRENCY MANIPULATION .—The prin-
cipal negotiating objective of the United States with respect to unfair currency ex-change practices is to target protracted large-scale intervention in one direction in the exchange markets by a party to a trade agreement to gain an unfair competitive ad-vantage in trade over other parties to the agreement, by establishing strong and en-forceable rules against exchange rate manip-ulation that are subject to the same dispute settlement procedures and remedies as other enforceable obligations under the agreement and are consistent with existing principles and agreements of the International Mone-tary Fund and the World Trade Organiza-tion. Nothing in the previous sentence shall be construed to restrict the exercise of do-mestic monetary policy. 
SA 1300. Mr. PORTMAN (for himself, 
Mrs. M CCASKILL , Mr. B URR, Mr. 
TOOMEY , and Mr. G RAHAM ) submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end, add the following: 
TITLE III—PROCESS FOR CONSIDERATION 
OF TEMPORARY DUTY SUSPENSIONS AND REDUCTIONS 
SEC. 301. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘American 
Manufacturing Competitiveness Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 302. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON THE NEED 
FOR A MISCELLANEOUS TARIFF BILL. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-
lowing findings: 
(1) As of the date of the enactment of this 
Act, the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States imposes duties on imported 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:31 May 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18MY6.035 S18MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2985 May 18, 2015 
goods for which there is no domestic avail-
ability or insufficient domestic availability. 
(2) The imposition of duties on such goods 
creates artificial distortions in the economy of the United States that negatively affect United States manufacturers and consumers. 
(3) It is in the interests of the United 
States to update the Harmonized Tariff Schedule every 3 years to eliminate such ar-tificial distortions by suspending or reducing duties on such goods. 
(4) The manufacturing competitiveness of 
the United States around the world will be enhanced if Congress regularly and predict-ably updates the Harmonized Tariff Schedule to suspend or reduce duties on such goods. 
(b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that, to remove the competitive disadvantage to United States manufactures and consumers resulting from an outdated Harmonized Tariff Schedule and to promote the competitiveness of United States manu-facturers, Congress should consider a mis-cellaneous tariff bill not later than 180 days after the United States International Trade Commission and the Department of Com-merce issue reports on proposed duty suspen-sions and reductions under this title. 
SEC. 303. PROCESS FOR CONSIDERATION OF 
DUTY SUSPENSIONS AND REDUC-TIONS. 
(a) P URPOSE .—It is the purpose of this sec-
tion to establish a process by the appropriate congressional committees, in conjunction with the Commission pursuant to its au-thorities under section 332 of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1332), for the submission and consideration of proposed duty suspen-sions and reductions. 
(b) E
STABLISHMENT .—Not later than Octo-
ber 15, 2015, and October 15, 2018, the appro-priate congressional committees shall estab-
lish and, on the same day, publish on their respective publicly available Internet websites a process— 
(1) to provide for the submission and con-
sideration of legislation containing proposed duty suspensions and reductions in a manner that, to the maximum extent practicable, is consistent with the requirements described in subsection (c); and 
(2) to include in a miscellaneous tariff bill 
those duty suspensions and reductions that meet the requirements of this title. 
(c) R
EQUIREMENTS OF COMMISSION .— 
(1) I NITIATION .—Not later than October 15, 
2015, and October 15, 2018, the Commission shall publish in the Federal Register and on a publicly available Internet website of the Commission a notice requesting members of the public to submit to the Commission dur-ing the 60-day period beginning on the date of such publication— 
(A) proposed duty suspensions and reduc-
tions; and 
(B) Commission disclosure forms with re-
spect to such duty suspensions and reduc-tions. 
(2) R
EVIEW .— 
(A) C OMMISSION SUBMISSION TO CONGRESS .— 
As soon as practicable after the expiration of the 60-day period specified in paragraph (1), but not later than 15 days after the expira-tion of such 60-day period, the Commission shall submit to the appropriate congres-sional committees the proposed duty suspen-sions and reductions submitted under para-graph (1)(A) and the Commission disclosure forms with respect to such duty suspensions and reductions submitted under paragraph (1)(B). 
(B) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY OF PROPOSED DUTY  
SUSPENSIONS AND REDUCTIONS .—Not later 
than 15 days after the expiration of the 60- day period specified in paragraph (1), the Commission shall publish on a publicly available Internet website of the Commis-sion the proposed duty suspensions and re-ductions submitted under paragraph (1)(A) 
and the Commission disclosure forms with respect to such duty suspensions and reduc-tions submitted under paragraph (1)(B). 
(C) C
OMMISSION REPORTS TO CONGRESS .—Not 
later than the end of the 90-day period begin-ning on the date of publication of the pro-posed duty suspensions and reductions under subparagraph (B), the Commission shall sub-mit to the appropriate congressional com-mittees a report on each proposed duty sus-pension or reduction submitted pursuant to subsection (b)(1) or paragraph (1)(A) that contains the following information: 
(i) A determination of whether or not do-
mestic production of the article that is the subject of the proposed duty suspension or reduction exists and, if such production ex-ists, whether or not a domestic producer of the article objects to the proposed duty sus-pension or reduction. 
(ii) Any technical changes to the article 
description that are necessary for purposes of administration when articles are pre-sented for importation. 
(iii) The amount of tariff revenue that 
would no longer be collected if the proposed duty suspension or reduction takes effect. 
(iv) A determination of whether or not the 
proposed duty suspension or reduction is available to any person that imports the ar-ticle that is the subject of the proposed duty suspension or reduction. 
(3) P
ROCEDURES .—The Commission shall 
prescribe and publish on a publicly available Internet website of the Commission proce-dures for complying with the requirements of this subsection. 
(4) A
UTHORITIES DESCRIBED .—The Commis-
sion shall carry out this subsection pursuant to its authorities under section 332 of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1332). 
(d) D
EPARTMENT OF COMMERCE REPORT .— 
Not later than the end of the 90-day period beginning on the date of publication of the proposed duty suspensions and reductions under subsection (c)(2)(B), the Secretary of Commerce, in consultation with U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection and other rel-evant Federal agencies, shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a re-port on each proposed duty suspension and reduction submitted pursuant to subsection (b)(1) or (c)(1)(A) that includes the following information: 
(1) A determination of whether or not do-
mestic production of the article that is the subject of the proposed duty suspension or reduction exists and, if such production ex-ists, whether or not a domestic producer of the article objects to the proposed duty sus-pension or reduction. 
(2) Any technical changes to the article de-
scription that are necessary for purposes of administration when articles are presented for importation. 
(e) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—A proposed 
duty suspension or reduction submitted under this section by a Member of Congress shall receive treatment no more favorable than the treatment received by a proposed duty suspension or reduction submitted under this section by a member of the public. 
SEC. 304. REPORT ON EFFECTS OF DUTY SUSPEN-
SIONS AND REDUCTIONS ON UNITED STATES ECONOMY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than May 1, 
2018, and May 1, 2020, the Commission shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report on the effects on the United States economy of temporary duty suspensions and reductions enacted pursuant to this title, including a broad assessment of the economic effects of such duty suspen-sions and reductions on producers, pur-chasers, and consumers in the United States, using case studies describing such effects on selected industries or by type of article as available data permit. (b) R
ECOMMENDATIONS .—The Commission 
shall also solicit and append to the report re-quired under subsection (a) recommenda-tions with respect to those domestic indus-try sectors or specific domestic industries that might benefit from permanent duty sus-pensions and reductions or elimination of du-ties, either through a unilateral action of the United States or though negotiations for reciprocal tariff agreements, with a par-ticular focus on inequities created by tariff inversions. 
(c) F
ORM OF REPORT .—Each report required 
by this section shall be submitted in unclas-sified form, but may include a classified annex. 
SEC. 305. JUDICIAL REVIEW PRECLUDED. 
The exercise of functions under this title 
shall not be subject to judicial review. 
SEC. 306. DEFINITIONS. 
In this title: (1) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional 
committees’’ means the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Finance of the Sen-ate. 
(2) C
OMMISSION .—The term ‘‘Commission’’ 
means the United States International Trade Commission. 
(3) C
OMMISSION DISCLOSURE FORM .—The 
term ‘‘Commission disclosure form’’ means, with respect to a proposed duty suspension or reduction, a document submitted by a member of the public to the Commission that contains the following: 
(A) The contact information for any known 
importers of the article to which the pro-posed duty suspension or reduction would apply. 
(B) A certification by the member of the 
public that the proposed duty suspension or reduction is available to any person import-ing the article to which the proposed duty suspension or reduction would apply. 
(4) D
OMESTIC PRODUCER .—The term ‘‘do-
mestic producer’’ means a person that dem-onstrates production, or imminent produc-tion, in the United States of an article that is identical to, or like or directly competi-tive with, an article to which a proposed duty suspension or reduction would apply. 
(5) D
UTY SUSPENSION OR REDUCTION .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The term ‘‘duty suspen-
sion or reduction’’ means an amendment to subchapter II of chapter 99 of the Har-monized Tariff Schedule of the United States that— 
(i)(I) extends an existing temporary duty 
suspension or reduction of duty on an article under that subchapter; or 
(II) provides for a new temporary duty sus-
pension or reduction of duty on an article under that subchapter; and 
(ii) otherwise meets the requirements de-
scribed in subparagraph (B). 
(B) R
EQUIREMENTS .—A duty suspension or 
reduction meets the requirements described in this subparagraph if— 
(i) the duty suspension or reduction can be 
administered by U.S. Customs and Border Protection; 
(ii) the estimated loss in revenue to the 
United States from the duty suspension or reduction does not exceed $500,000 in a cal-endar year during which the duty suspension or reduction would be in effect, as deter-mined by the Congressional Budget Office; and 
(iii) the duty suspension or reduction is 
available to any person importing the article that is the subject of the duty suspension or reduction. 
(6) M
EMBER OF CONGRESS .—The term 
‘‘Member of Congress’’ means a Senator or a Representative in, or Delegate or Resident Commissioner to, Congress. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:31 May 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18MY6.035 S18MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2986 May 18, 2015 
(7) M ISCELLANEOUS TARIFF BILL .—The term 
‘‘miscellaneous tariff bill’’ means a bill of ei-ther House of Congress that contains only— 
(A) duty suspensions and reductions that— (i) meet the applicable requirements for— (I) consideration of duty suspensions and 
reductions described in section 303; or 
(II) any other process required under the 
Rules of the House of Representatives or the Senate; and 
(ii) are not the subject of an objection be-
cause such duty suspensions and reductions do not comply with the requirements of this title from— 
(I) a Member of Congress; or (II) a domestic producer, as contained in 
comments submitted to the appropriate con-gressional committees, the Commission, or the Department of Commerce under section 303; and 
(B) provisions included in bills introduced 
in the House of Representatives or the Sen-ate pursuant to a process described in sub-paragraph (A)(i)(II) that correct an error in the text or administration of a provision of the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States. 
SA 1301. Ms. WARREN (for herself 
and Mrs. M CCASKILL ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike section 203(c) and insert the fol-
lowing: 
(c) R EEMPLOYMENT TRADE ADJUSTMENT AS-
SISTANCE .—Section 246 of the Trade Act of 
1974 (19 U.S.C. 2318) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)(3)(B)(ii), by striking 
‘‘$50,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$55,000’’; and 
(2) in subsection (b)(1), by striking ‘‘De-
cember 31, 2013’’ and inserting ‘‘June 30, 2021’’. 
SA 1302. Ms. WARREN (for herself 
and Mrs. M CCASKILL ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end, add the following: 
TITLE III—MISCELLANEOUS 
SEC. 301. RESTORATION OF BUREAU OF LABOR 
STATISTICS INTERNATIONAL PRICE PROGRAM EXPORT PRICE INDICES. 
The Secretary of Commerce shall restore 
the activities of the Bureau of Labor Statis-tics International Price Program relating to export price indices. 
SA 1303. Ms. WARREN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike section 103 and insert the following: SEC. 103. TRADE AGREEMENTS AUTHORITY. 
(a) A GREEMENTS REGARDING TARIFF BAR-
RIERS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Whenever the President 
determines that one or more existing duties or other import restrictions of any foreign country or the United States are unduly bur-dening and restricting the foreign trade of the United States and that the purposes, policies, priorities, and objectives of this Act will be promoted thereby, the President— 
(A) may enter into trade agreements with 
foreign countries before January 19, 2017; and 
(B) may, subject to paragraphs (2) and (3), 
proclaim— 
(i) such modification or continuance of any 
existing duty, 
(ii) such continuance of existing duty free 
or excise treatment, or 
(iii) such additional duties, 
as the President determines to be required or 
appropriate to carry out any such trade agreement. Substantial modifications to, or substantial additional provisions of, a trade agreement entered into after January 19, 2017, shall not be eligible for approval under this Act. 
(2) N
OTIFICATION .—The President shall no-
tify Congress of the President’s intention to enter into an agreement under this sub-section. 
(3) L
IMITATIONS .—No proclamation may be 
made under paragraph (1) that— 
(A) reduces any rate of duty (other than a 
rate of duty that does not exceed 5 percent ad valorem on the date of the enactment of this Act) to a rate of duty which is less than 50 percent of the rate of such duty that ap-plies on such date of enactment; 
(B) reduces the rate of duty below that ap-
plicable under the Uruguay Round Agree-ments or a successor agreement, on any im-port sensitive agricultural product; or 
(C) increases any rate of duty above the 
rate that applied on the date of the enact-ment of this Act. 
(4) A
GGREGATE REDUCTION ; EXEMPTION FROM  
STAGING .— 
(A) A GGREGATE REDUCTION .—Except as pro-
vided in subparagraph (B), the aggregate re-duction in the rate of duty on any article which is in effect on any day pursuant to a trade agreement entered into under para-graph (1) shall not exceed the aggregate re-duction which would have been in effect on such day if— 
(i) a reduction of 3 percent ad valorem or a 
reduction of 
1⁄10of the total reduction, 
whichever is greater, had taken effect on the effective date of the first reduction pro-claimed under paragraph (1) to carry out such agreement with respect to such article; and 
(ii) a reduction equal to the amount appli-
cable under clause (i) had taken effect at 1- year intervals after the effective date of such first reduction. 
(B) E
XEMPTION FROM STAGING .—No staging 
is required under subparagraph (A) with re-spect to a duty reduction that is proclaimed under paragraph (1) for an article of a kind that is not produced in the United States. The United States International Trade Com-mission shall advise the President of the identity of articles that may be exempted from staging under this subparagraph. 
(5) R
OUNDING .—If the President determines 
that such action will simplify the computa-tion of reductions under paragraph (4), the President may round an annual reduction by an amount equal to the lesser of— 
(A) the difference between the reduction 
without regard to this paragraph and the next lower whole number; or 
(B) 
1⁄2of 1 percent ad valorem. 
(6) O THER LIMITATIONS .—A rate of duty re-
duction that may not be proclaimed by rea-son of paragraph (3) may take effect only if 
a provision authorizing such reduction is in-cluded within an implementing bill provided for under section 6 and that bill is enacted into law. 
(7) O
THER TARIFF MODIFICATIONS .—Notwith-
standing paragraphs (1)(B), (3)(A), (3)(C), and (4) through (6), and subject to the consulta-tion and layover requirements of section 115 of the Uruguay Round Agreements Act (19 U.S.C. 3524), the President may proclaim the modification of any duty or staged rate re-duction of any duty set forth in Schedule XX, as defined in section 2(5) of that Act (19 U.S.C. 3501(5)), if the United States agrees to such modification or staged rate reduction in a negotiation for the reciprocal elimination or harmonization of duties under the aus-pices of the World Trade Organization. 
(8) A
UTHORITY UNDER URUGUAY ROUND  
AGREEMENTS ACT NOT AFFECTED .—Nothing in 
this subsection shall limit the authority pro-vided to the President under section 111(b) of the Uruguay Round Agreements Act (19 U.S.C. 3521(b)). 
(b) A
GREEMENTS REGARDING TARIFF AND  
NONTARIFF BARRIERS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—(A) Whenever the Presi-
dent determines that— 
(i) 1 or more existing duties or any other 
import restriction of any foreign country or the United States or any other barrier to, or other distortion of, international trade un-duly burdens or restricts the foreign trade of the United States or adversely affects the United States economy, or 
(ii) the imposition of any such barrier or 
distortion is likely to result in such a bur-den, restriction, or effect, 
and that the purposes, policies, priorities, 
and objectives of this Act will be promoted thereby, the President may enter into a trade agreement described in subparagraph (B) during the period described in subpara-graph (C). 
(B) The President may enter into a trade 
agreement under subparagraph (A) with for-eign countries providing for— 
(i) the reduction or elimination of a duty, 
restriction, barrier, or other distortion de-scribed in subparagraph (A); or 
(ii) the prohibition of, or limitation on the 
imposition of, such barrier or other distor-tion. 
(C) The President may enter into a trade 
agreement under this paragraph before Janu-ary 19, 2017. Substantial modifications to, or substantial additional provisions of, a trade agreement entered into after January 19, 2017, shall not be eligible for approval under this Act. 
(2) C
ONDITIONS .—A trade agreement may be 
entered into under this subsection only if such agreement makes progress in meeting the applicable objectives described in sub-sections (a) and (b) of section 2 and the President satisfies the conditions set forth in sections 4 and 5. 
(3) B
ILLS QUALIFYING FOR TRADE AUTHORI -
TIES PROCEDURES .—(A) The provisions of sec-
tion 151 of the Trade Act of 1974 (in this Act referred to as ‘‘trade authorities proce-dures’’) apply to a bill of either House of 
Congress which contains provisions described in subparagraph (B) to the same extent as such section 151 applies to implementing bills under that section. A bill to which this paragraph applies shall hereafter in this Act be referred to as an ‘‘implementing bill’’. 
(B) The provisions referred to in subpara-
graph (A) are— 
(i) a provision approving a trade agreement 
entered into under this subsection and ap-proving the statement of administrative ac-tion, if any, proposed to implement such trade agreement; and 
(ii) if changes in existing laws or new stat-
utory authority are required to implement 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:31 May 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18MY6.035 S18MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2987 May 18, 2015 
such trade agreement or agreements, only 
such provisions as are strictly necessary or appropriate to implement such trade agree-ment or agreements, either repealing or amending existing laws or providing new statutory authority. 
(c) C
OMMENCEMENT OF NEGOTIATIONS .—In 
order to contribute to the continued eco-nomic expansion of the United States, the President shall commence negotiations cov-ering tariff and nontariff barriers affecting any industry, product, or service sector, and expand existing sectoral agreements to coun-tries that are not parties to those agree-ments, in cases where the President deter-mines that such negotiations are feasible and timely and would benefit the United States. Such sectors include agriculture, commercial services, intellectual property rights, industrial and capital goods, govern-ment procurement, information technology products, environmental technology and services, medical equipment and services, civil aircraft, and infrastructure products. In so doing, the President shall take into ac-count all of the negotiating objectives set forth in section 2. 
SA 1304. Ms. WARREN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of section 103, add the fol-
lowing: 
(e) T ERMINATION OF TRADE AGREEMENTS  
AUTHORITY IF AN AGREEMENT INCREASES THE  
TRADE DEFICIT .—The authority to enter into 
trade agreements under this section shall terminate on the date on which the Sec-retary of Commerce determines that the United States annual bilateral trade deficit with any country that is a party to a trade agreement entered into under this section after the date of the enactment of this Act increases by more than 10 percent after that agreement enters into force. 
SA 1305. Ms. WARREN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of section 103, add the fol-
lowing: 
(e) T ERMINATION OF TRADE AGREEMENTS  
AUTHORITY FOR VIOLATIONS OF LABOR COM-
MITMENTS .—The authority to enter into 
trade agreements under this section shall terminate if— 
(1) the Secretary of Labor receives a sub-
mission from an organization alleging that a country that is a party to a trade agreement entered into under this section is not ful-filling its labor commitments under that agreement; and 
(2) the Secretary does not issue, by the 
date that is one year after the date on which the Secretary receives that submission, a publicly available report that— 
(A) summarizes the investigation of the 
Secretary with respect to the allegations in the submission; and 
(B) sets forth any findings and rec-
ommendations of the Secretary based on that investigation, including any rec-
ommendation that the United States request consultations with that country under the agreement. 
SA 1306. Ms. WARREN (for herself 
and Mrs. M CCASKILL ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end, add the following: 
TITLE III—MISCELLANEOUS 
SEC. 301. CONTINUED OPERATION OF BUREAU OF 
LABOR STATISTICS MASS LAYOFF STATISTICS PROGRAM. 
The Secretary of Commerce shall ensure 
that the Bureau of Labor Statistics Mass Layoff Statistics program, including the col-lection of data on plant closings, receives funding sufficient to ensure that the pro-gram continues operating. 
SA 1307. Ms. WARREN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 65, between lines 6 and 7, insert 
the following: 
(g) C OMMUNICATIONS OF ADVISORY COMMIT -
TEES MADEPUBLIC .—The President shall en-
sure that any communications made by an advisory committee established under sec-tion 135 of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2155) with respect to negotiations under this title are made available to the public if more than 50 percent of the members of the advi-sory committee represent industry interests, as determined by the United States Trade Representative. 
SA 1308. Mr. MARKEY (for himself, 
Mr. W HITEHOUSE , and Mrs. B OXER ) sub-
mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 pro-posed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 
1314, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to ad-verse determinations of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the end of section 102(b), add the fol-
lowing: 
(21) P ROTECTING CLEAN AIR , WATER , AND 
FOOD .—The principal negotiating objectives 
of the United States with respect to clean air, clean water, and food safety are to pre-serve the rights of all governments to regu-late and enact laws providing for public health and environmental protections and to ensure the rights of all governments to exer-cise any legal rights or safeguards, including under any existing law or regulation, to pro-tect and provide clean air, clean water, and safe food without the threat of trade-related penalties. 
SA 1309. Mr. BENNET submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of section 102(a), add the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(13) to ensure that trade policies and 
trade agreements contribute to the reduc-tion of poverty and the elimination of hun-ger.’’. 
SA 1310. Mr. BENNET submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end, add the following: 
TITLE III—OTHER MATTERS 
SEC. 301. ENFORCEMENT UNDER TITLE III OF 
THE TRADE ACT OF 1974 WITH RE-SPECT TO CERTAIN ACTS, POLICIES, AND PRACTICES RELATING TO THE ENVIRONMENT. 
Section 301(d)(3)(B) of the Trade Act of 1974 
(19 U.S.C. 2411(d)(3)(B)) is amended— 
(1) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the 
end; 
(2) in clause (iii)(V), by striking the period 
at the end and inserting ‘‘, or’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iv) constitutes a persistent pattern of 
conduct by the government of the foreign country under which that government— 
‘‘(I) fails to effectively enforce the environ-
mental laws of the foreign country, 
‘‘(II) waives or otherwise derogates from 
the environmental laws of the foreign coun-try or weakens the protections afforded by such laws, 
‘‘(III) fails to provide for judicial or admin-
istrative proceedings giving access to rem-edies for violations of the environmental laws of the foreign country, 
‘‘(IV) fails to provide appropriate and effec-
tive sanctions or remedies for violations of the environmental laws of the foreign coun-try, or 
‘‘(V) fails to effectively enforce environ-
mental commitments under agreements to which the foreign country and the United States are a party.’’. 
SA 1311. Mr. BENNET submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end, add the following: 
TITLE III—ENGAGEMENT ON CURRENCY 
EXCHANGE RATE AND ECONOMIC POLI-CIES 
SEC. 311. ENHANCEMENT OF ENGAGEMENT ON 
CURRENCY EXCHANGE RATE AND ECONOMIC POLICIES WITH CERTAIN MAJOR TRADING PARTNERS OF THE UNITED STATES. 
(a) M AJOR TRADING PARTNER REPORT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, and not less frequently than once every 180 days thereafter, the Secretary shall submit 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:31 May 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18MY6.033 S18MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2988 May 18, 2015 
to the appropriate committees of Congress a 
report on the macroeconomic and currency exchange rate policies of each country that is a major trading partner of the United States. 
(2) E
LEMENTS .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Each report submitted 
under paragraph (1) shall contain— 
(i) for each country that is a major trading 
partner of the United States— 
(I) that country’s bilateral trade balance 
with the United States; 
(II) that country’s current account balance 
as a percentage of its gross domestic prod-uct; 
(III) the change in that country’s current 
account balance as a percentage of its gross domestic product during the 3-year period preceding the submission of the report; 
(IV) that country’s foreign exchange re-
serves as a percentage of its short-term debt; and 
(V) that country’s foreign exchange re-
serves as a percentage of its gross domestic product; and 
(ii) an enhanced analysis of macro-
economic and exchange rate policies for each country— 
(I) that is a major trading partner of the 
United States; 
(II) the currency of which is persistently 
and substantially undervalued; 
(III) that has— (aa) a significant bilateral trade surplus 
with the United States; and 
(bb) a material global current account sur-
plus; and 
(IV) that has engaged in persistent one- 
sided intervention in the foreign exchange market. 
(B) E
NHANCED ANALYSIS .—Each enhanced 
analysis under subparagraph (A)(ii) shall in-clude, for each country with respect to which an analysis is made under that subpara-graph— 
(i) a description of developments in the 
currency markets of that country, including, to the greatest extent feasible, developments with respect to currency interventions; 
(ii) a description of trends in the real effec-
tive exchange rate of the currency of that 
country and in the degree of undervaluation of that currency; 
(iii) an analysis of changes in the capital 
controls and trade restrictions of that coun-try; and 
(iv) patterns in the reserve accumulation 
of that country. 
(b) E
NGAGEMENT ON EXCHANGE RATE AND  
ECONOMIC POLICIES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
paragraph (2), the President, through the Secretary, shall commence enhanced bilat-eral engagement with each country for which an enhanced analysis of macro-economic and currency exchange rate poli-cies is included in the report submitted under subsection (a), in order to— 
(A) urge implementation of policies to ad-
dress the causes of the undervaluation of its currency, its bilateral trade surplus with the United States, and its material global cur-rent account surplus, including undervalu-ation and surpluses relating to exchange rate management; 
(B) express the concern of the United 
States with respect to the adverse trade and economic effects of that undervaluation and those surpluses; 
(C) develop measureable objectives for ad-
dressing that undervaluation and those sur-pluses; and 
(D) advise that country of the ability of 
the President to take action under sub-section (c). 
(2) E
XCEPTION .—The Secretary may deter-
mine not to enhance bilateral engagement with a country under paragraph (1) for which an enhanced analysis of macroeconomic and 
exchange rate policies is included in the re-port submitted under subsection (a) if the Secretary submits to the appropriate com-mittees of Congress a report that describes how the currency and other macroeconomic policies of that country are addressing the undervaluation and surpluses specified in paragraph (1)(A) with respect to that coun-try, including undervaluation and surpluses relating to exchange rate management. 
(c) R
EMEDIAL ACTION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—If, on the date that is one 
year after the commencement of enhanced bilateral engagement by the President with respect to a country under subsection (b)(1), the country has failed to adopt appropriate policies to correct the undervaluation and surpluses described in subsection (b)(1)(A) with respect to that country, the President may take one or more of the following ac-tions: 
(A) Prohibit the Overseas Private Invest-
ment Corporation from approving any new financing (including any insurance, reinsur-ance, or guarantee) with respect to a project located in that country on and after such date. 
(B) Except as provided in paragraph (2), 
and pursuant to paragraph (3), prohibit the Federal Government from procuring, or en-tering into any contract for the procurement of, goods or services from that country on and after such date. 
(C) Instruct the United States Executive 
Director of the International Monetary Fund to use the voice and vote of the United States to call for additional rigorous surveil-
lance of the macroeconomic and exchange rate policies of that country and, as appro-priate, formal consultations on findings of currency manipulation. 
(D) Instruct the United States Trade Rep-
resentative to take into account, in con-sultation with the Secretary, in assessing whether to enter into a bilateral or regional trade agreement with that country or to ini-tiate or participate in negotiations with re-spect to a bilateral or regional trade agree-ment with that country, the extent to which that country has failed to adopt appropriate policies to correct the undervaluation and surpluses described in subsection (b)(1)(A). 
(2) E
XCEPTION .—The President may not 
apply a prohibition under paragraph (1)(B) with respect to a country that is a party to the Agreement on Government Procurement or a free trade agreement to which the United States is a party. 
(3) C
ONSULTATIONS .— 
(A) O FFICE OF MANAGEMENT AND BUDGET .— 
Before applying a prohibition under para-graph (1)(B), the President shall consult with the Director of the Office of Management and Budget to determine whether such prohi-bition would subject the taxpayers of the United States to unreasonable cost. 
(B) C
ONGRESS .—The President shall consult 
with the appropriate committees of Congress with respect to any action the President takes under paragraph (1)(B), including whether the President has consulted as re-quired under subparagraph (A). 
(d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) A GREEMENT ON GOVERNMENT PROCURE -
MENT .—The term ‘‘Agreement on Govern-
ment Procurement’’ means the agreement referred to in section 101(d)(17) of the Uru-guay Round Agreements Act (19 U.S.C. 3511(d)(17)). 
(2) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CON -
GRESS .—The term ‘‘appropriate committees 
of Congress’’ means— 
(A) the Committee on Banking, Housing, 
and Urban Affairs and the Committee on Fi-nance of the Senate; and (B) the Committee on Financial Services 
and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives. 
(3) C
OUNTRY .—The term ‘‘country’’ means a 
foreign country, dependent territory, or pos-session of a foreign country, and may include an association of 2 or more foreign countries, dependent territories, or possessions of coun-tries into a customs union outside the United States. 
(4) R
EAL EFFECTIVE EXCHANGE RATE .—The 
term ‘‘real effective exchange rate’’ means a weighted average of bilateral exchange rates, expressed in price-adjusted terms. 
(5) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ 
means the Secretary of the Treasury. 
SEC. 312. ADVISORY COMMITTEE ON INTER-
NATIONAL EXCHANGE RATE POLICY. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—There is established an 
Advisory Committee on International Ex-change Rate Policy (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Committee’’). 
(2) D
UTIES .—The Committee shall be re-
sponsible for advising the Secretary of the Treasury with respect to the impact of inter-national exchange rates and financial poli-cies on the economy of the United States. 
(b) M
EMBERSHIP .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Committee shall be 
composed of 9 members as follows, none of whom shall be employees of the Federal Gov-ernment: 
(A) Three members shall be appointed by 
the President pro tempore of the Senate, upon the recommendation of the chairmen and ranking members of the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs and the Committee on Finance of the Senate. 
(B) Three members shall be appointed by 
the Speaker of the House of Representatives upon the recommendation of the chairmen and ranking members of the Committee on Financial Services and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representa-tives. 
(C) Three members shall be appointed by 
the President. 
(2) Q
UALIFICATIONS .—Members shall be se-
lected under paragraph (1) on the basis of their objectivity and demonstrated expertise in finance, economics, or currency exchange. 
(3) T
ERMS .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Members shall be ap-
pointed for a term of 2 years or until the Committee terminates. 
(B) R
EAPPOINTMENT .—A member may be re-
appointed to the Committee for additional terms. 
(4) V
ACANCIES .—Any vacancy in the Com-
mittee shall not affect its powers, but shall be filled in the same manner as the original appointment. 
(c) D
URATION OF COMMITTEE .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Committee shall ter-
minate on the date that is 2 years after the date of the enactment of this Act unless re-newed by the President for a subsequent 2- year period. 
(2) C
ONTINUED RENEWAL .—The President 
may continue to renew the Committee for successive 2-year periods by taking appro-priate action to renew the Committee prior to the date on which the Committee would otherwise terminate. 
(d) M
EETINGS .—The Committee shall hold 
not less than 2 meetings each calendar year. 
(e) C HAIRPERSON .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Committee shall elect 
from among its members a chairperson for a term of 2 years or until the Committee ter-minates. 
(2) R
EELECTION ; SUBSEQUENT TERMS .—A 
chairperson of the Committee may be re-elected chairperson but is ineligible to serve consecutive terms as chairperson. 
(f) S
TAFF .—The Secretary of the Treasury 
shall make available to the Committee such 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:31 May 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18MY6.036 S18MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2989 May 18, 2015 
staff, information, personnel, administrative 
services, and assistance as the Committee may reasonably require to carry out the ac-tivities of the Committee. 
(g) A
PPLICATION OF THE FEDERAL ADVISORY  
COMMITTEE ACT.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
paragraph (2), the provisions of the Federal Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.) shall apply to the Committee. 
(2) E
XCEPTION .—Meetings of the Committee 
shall be exempt from the requirements of subsections (a) and (b) of section 10 and sec-tion 11 of the Federal Advisory Committee Act (relating to open meetings, public no-tice, public participation, and public avail-ability of documents), whenever and to the extent it is determined by the President or the Secretary of the Treasury that such meetings will be concerned with matters the disclosure of which— 
(A) would seriously compromise the devel-
opment by the Government of the United States of monetary or financial policy; or 
(B) is likely to— (i) lead to significant financial speculation 
in currencies, securities, or commodities; or 
(ii) significantly endanger the stability of 
any financial institution. 
(h) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
There are authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary of the Treasury for each fiscal year in which the Committee is in effect $1,000,000 to carry out this section. 
SA 1312. Mr. INHOFE (for himself 
and Mr. C OONS ) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. ll. FREE TRADE AGREEMENTS WITH SUB- 
SAHARAN AFRICAN COUNTRIES. 
(a) P LANREQUIREMENTS AND REPORTING .— 
Section 116 of the African Growth and Oppor-tunity Act (19 U.S.C. 3723) is amended by striking subsections (b) and (c) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(b) P
LANREQUIREMENT .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The President shall de-
velop a plan for the purpose of negotiating and entering into one or more free trade agreements with all sub-Saharan African countries and ranking countries or groups of countries in order of readiness. 
‘‘(2) E
LEMENTS OF PLAN .—The plan required 
by paragraph (1) shall include, for each sub- Saharan African country, the following: 
‘‘(A) The steps such sub-Saharan African 
country needs to be equipped and ready to enter into a free trade agreement with the United States, including the development of a bilateral investment treaty. 
‘‘(B) Milestones for accomplishing each 
step identified in (A) for each sub-Saharan African country, with the goal of estab-lishing a free trade agreement with each sub- Saharan African country not later than 10 years after the date of the enactment of the Trade Act of 2015. 
‘‘(C) A description of the resources re-
quired to assist each sub-Saharan African country in accomplishing each milestone de-scribed in subparagraph (B). 
‘‘(D) The extent to which steps described in 
subparagraph (A), the milestones described in subparagraph (B), and resources described in subparagraph (C) may be accomplished through regional or subregional organiza-tions in sub-Saharan Africa, including the East African Community, the Economic 
Community of West African States, the Com-mon Market for Eastern and Southern Afri-ca, and the Economic Community of Central African States. 
‘‘(E) Procedures to ensure the following: ‘‘(i) Adequate consultation with Congress 
and the private sector during the negotia-tions. 
‘‘(ii) Consultation with Congress regarding 
all matters relating to implementation of the agreement or agreements. 
‘‘(iii) Approval by Congress of the agree-
ment or agreements. 
‘‘(iv) Adequate consultations with the rel-
evant African governments and African re-gional and subregional intergovernmental organizations during the negotiation of the agreement or agreements. 
‘‘(c) R
EPORTING REQUIREMENT .—Not later 
than 12 months after the date of the enact-ment of the Trade Act of 2015, the President shall prepare and transmit to Congress a re-port containing the plan developed pursuant to subsection (b).’’. 
(b) E
LIGIBLE COUNTRIES .—Section 104(a)(1) 
of the African Growth and Opportunity Act (19 U.S.C. 3703(a)(1)) is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (E), by striking ‘‘and’’ 
at the end; 
(2) in subparagraph (F), by adding ‘‘and’’ at 
the end; and 
(3) by inserting after subparagraph (F) the 
following: 
‘‘(G) a free trade agreement with the 
United States, in accordance with section 116(b);’’. 
(c) M
ILLENNIUM CHALLENGE COMPACTS .— 
After the date of the enactment of this Act, the United States Trade Representative and Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development shall consult and coordinate with the Chief Executive Of-ficer of the Millennium Challenge Corpora-tion regarding countries that have entered into a Millennium Challenge Compact pursu-ant to section 609 of the Millennium Chal-lenge Act of 2003 (22 U.S.C. 7708) that have been declared eligible to enter into such a 
Compact for the purpose of developing and carrying out the plan required by subsection (b) of section 116 of the African Growth and Opportunity Act (19 U.S.C. 3723), as amended by subsection (a). 
(d) C
OORDINATION OF USAID W ITHFREE 
TRADE AGREEMENT POLICY .— 
(1) A UTHORIZATION OF FUNDS .—Funds made 
available to the United States Agency for International Development under section 496 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2293) may be used in consultation with the United States Trade Representative— 
(A) to carry out subsection (b) of section 
116 of the African Growth and Opportunity Act (19 U.S.C. 3723), as amended by sub-section (a), including for the deployment of resources in individual eligible countries to assist such country in the development of in-stitutional capacities to carry out such sub-section (b); and 
(B) to coordinate the efforts of the United 
States to establish free trade agreements in accordance with the policy set out in sub-section (a) of such section 116. 
(2) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection: 
(A) E LIGIBLE COUNTRY .—The term ‘‘eligible 
country’’ means a sub-Saharan African coun-try that receives— 
(i) benefits under for the African Growth 
and Opportunity Act (19 U.S.C. 3701 et seq.); and 
(ii) funding from the United States Agency 
for International Development. 
(B) S
UB-SAHARAN AFRICAN COUNTRY .—The 
term ‘‘sub-Saharan African country’’ has the meaning given that term in section 107 of the African Growth and Opportunity Act (19 U.S.C. 3706). SA 1313. Mr. COATS (for himself and 
Ms. K LOBUCHAR ) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title I, insert the following: 
SEC. 112. OFFICIAL DEDICATED TO HEALTH CARE 
ISSUES IN THE OFFICE OF THE UNITED STATES TRADE REPRESENT-ATIVE. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-
lowing findings: 
(1) Health care accounts for almost 
$6,000,000,000,000 of the global economy and is expected to grow even more in the years ahead. 
(2) The United States is the global leader 
in the health sector, including pharma-ceuticals, medical devices, health informa-tion technology systems, insurance, and health care delivery. 
(3) By some estimates, the health sector is 
the largest private sector employer in the United States. 
(4) Because of the size and complexity of 
the health sector, a dedicated health official is needed in the Office of the United States Trade Representative to coordinate policy on health care-related trade issues with indus-try, health care workers, other offices within the Office of the United States Trade Rep-resentative, and other Federal agencies, as well as to promote United States health ex-ports. 
(b) O
FFICIAL DEDICATED TO HEALTH CARE 
ISSUES IN THE OFFICE OF THE UNITED STATES  
TRADE REPRESENTATIVE .—Section 141 of the 
Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2171) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(h) O
FFICIAL DEDICATED TO HEALTH CARE 
ISSUES .—The United States Trade Represent-
ative shall ensure that there is within the Office of the United States Trade Represent-ative an official dedicated to health care issues. That official shall be responsible for coordinating policy on health care-related trade issues with industry, health care work-ers, other offices within the Office of the United States Trade Representative, and other Federal agencies, and for promoting United States health exports.’’. 
SA 1314. Mr. COATS (for himself, 
Mrs. F EINSTEIN , and Mr. K IRK) sub-
mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 pro-posed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 
1314, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to ad-verse determinations of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the end, add the following: 
TITLE III—MISCELLANEOUS 
SEC. 301. ELIMINATION OF TARIFFS ON CERTAIN 
EDUCATIONAL DEVICES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 85 of the Har-
monized Tariff Schedule of the United States is amended by inserting in numerical se-quence the following new subheading, with the article description for subheading 8543.70.94 having the same degree of indenta-tion as the article description for subheading 8543.70.92: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:31 May 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18MY6.036 S18MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2990 May 18, 2015 
‘‘ 8543.70.94 Electronic educational devices designed or intended primarily for children ..... Free 35% ’’. 
(b) E FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment 
made by subsection (a) applies to goods en-tered, or withdrawn from warehouse for con-sumption, on or after the 15th day after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SA 1315. Mr. BLUNT submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end, add the following: 
TITLE III—EVASION OF ANTIDUMPING 
AND COUNTERVAILING DUTY ORDERS 
SEC. 301. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Enforcing 
Orders and Reducing Customs Evasion Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 302. PROCEDURES FOR INVESTIGATING 
CLAIMS OF EVASION OF ANTI-DUMPING AND COUNTERVAILING DUTY ORDERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Tariff Act of 1930 is 
amended by inserting after section 516A (19 U.S.C. 1516a) the following: 
‘‘SEC. 517. PROCEDURES FOR INVESTIGATING 
CLAIMS OF EVASION OF ANTI-DUMPING AND COUNTERVAILING DUTY ORDERS. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
‘‘(1) A DMINISTERING AUTHORITY .—The term 
‘administering authority’ has the meaning given that term in section 771(1). 
‘‘(2) C
OMMISSIONER .—The term ‘Commis-
sioner’ means the Commissioner responsible for U.S. Customs and Border Protection, act-ing pursuant to the delegation by the Sec-retary of the Treasury of the authority of the Secretary with respect to customs rev-enue functions (as defined in section 415 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 215)). 
‘‘(3) C
OVERED MERCHANDISE .—The term 
‘covered merchandise’ means merchandise that is subject to— 
‘‘(A) an antidumping duty order issued 
under section 736; 
‘‘(B) a finding issued under the Anti-
dumping Act, 1921; or 
‘‘(C) a countervailing duty order issued 
under section 706. 
‘‘(4) E
NTER ; ENTRY .—The terms ‘enter’ and 
‘entry’ refer to the entry, or withdrawal from warehouse for consumption, of mer-chandise in the customs territory of the United States. 
‘‘(5) E
VASION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
subparagraph (B), the term ‘evasion’ refers to entering covered merchandise into the customs territory of the United States by means of any document or electronically transmitted data or information, written or 
oral statement, or act that is material and false, or any omission that is material, and that results in any cash deposit or other se-curity or any amount of applicable anti-dumping or countervailing duties being re-duced or not being applied with respect to the merchandise. 
‘‘(B) E
XCEPTION FOR CLERICAL ERROR .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
clause (ii), the term ‘evasion’ does not in-clude entering covered merchandise into the customs territory of the United States by means of— 
‘‘(I) a document or electronically trans-
mitted data or information, written or oral statement, or act that is false as a result of a clerical error; or ‘‘(II) an omission that results from a cler-
ical error. 
‘‘(ii) P
ATTERNS OF NEGLIGENT CONDUCT .—If 
the Commissioner determines that a person has entered covered merchandise into the customs territory of the United States by means of a clerical error referred to in sub-clause (I) or (II) of clause (i) and that the clerical error is part of a pattern of negligent conduct on the part of that person, the Com-missioner may determine, notwithstanding clause (i), that the person has entered such covered merchandise into the customs terri-tory of the United States through evasion. 
‘‘(iii) E
LECTRONIC REPETITION OF ERRORS .— 
For purposes of clause (ii), the mere non-intentional repetition by an electronic sys-tem of an initial clerical error does not con-stitute a pattern of negligent conduct. 
‘‘(iv) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—A deter-
mination by the Commissioner that a person has entered covered merchandise into the customs territory of the United States by means of a clerical error referred to in sub-clause (I) or (II) of clause (i) rather than through evasion shall not be construed to ex-cuse that person from the payment of any duties applicable to the merchandise. 
‘‘(6) I
NTERESTED PARTY .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The term ‘interested 
party’ means— 
‘‘(i) a manufacturer, producer, or whole-
saler in the United States of a domestic like product; 
‘‘(ii) a certified union or recognized union 
or group of workers that is representative of an industry engaged in the manufacture, production, or wholesale in the United States of a domestic like product; 
‘‘(iii) a trade or business association a ma-
jority of whose members manufacture, produce, or wholesale a domestic like prod-uct in the United States; 
‘‘(iv) an association, a majority of whose 
members is composed of interested parties described in clause (i), (ii), or (iii) with re-spect to a domestic like product; and 
‘‘(v) if the covered merchandise is a proc-
essed agricultural product, as defined in sec-tion 771(4)(E), a coalition or trade associa-tion that is representative of either— 
‘‘(I) processors; ‘‘(II) processors and producers; or ‘‘(III) processors and growers, 
but this clause shall cease to have effect if the United States Trade Representative noti-fies the administering authority and the Commission that the application of this clause is inconsistent with the international obligations of the United States. 
‘‘(B) D
OMESTIC LIKE PRODUCT .—For pur-
poses of subparagraph (A), the term ‘domes-tic like product’ means a product that is like, or in the absence of like, most similar in characteristics and uses with, covered merchandise. 
‘‘(b) I
NVESTIGATIONS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 10 busi-
ness days after receiving an allegation de-scribed in paragraph (2) or a referral de-scribed in paragraph (3), the Commissioner shall initiate an investigation if the Com-missioner determines that the information provided in the allegation or the referral, as the case may be, reasonably suggests that covered merchandise has been entered into the customs territory of the United States through evasion. 
‘‘(2) A
LLEGATION DESCRIBED .—An allegation 
described in this paragraph is an allegation that a person has entered covered merchan-dise into the customs territory of the United States through evasion that is— 
‘‘(A) filed with the Commissioner by an in-
terested party; and ‘‘(B) accompanied by information reason-
ably available to the party that filed the al-legation. 
‘‘(3) R
EFERRAL DESCRIBED .—A referral de-
scribed in this paragraph is information sub-mitted to the Commissioner by any other Federal agency, including the Department of Commerce or the United States Inter-national Trade Commission, that reasonably suggests that a person has entered covered merchandise into the customs territory of the United States through evasion. 
‘‘(4) C
ONSOLIDATION OF ALLEGATIONS AND  
REFERRALS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Commissioner may 
consolidate multiple allegations described in paragraph (2) and referrals described in para-graph (3) into a single investigation if the Commissioner determines it is appropriate to do so. 
‘‘(B) E
FFECT ON TIMING REQUIREMENTS .—If 
the Commissioner consolidates multiple alle-gations or referrals into a single investiga-tion under subparagraph (A), the date on which the Commissioner receives the first such allegation or referral shall be used for purposes of the requirement under paragraph (1) with respect to the timing of the initi-ation of the investigation. 
‘‘(5) I
NFORMATION -SHARING TO PROTECT  
HEALTH AND SAFETY .—If, during the course of 
conducting an investigation under paragraph (1) with respect to covered merchandise, the Commissioner has reason to suspect that such covered merchandise may pose a health or safety risk to consumers, the Commis-sioner shall provide, as appropriate, informa-tion to the appropriate Federal agencies for purposes of mitigating the risk. 
‘‘(6) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE AND ADVICE .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Upon request, the Com-
missioner shall provide technical assistance and advice to eligible small businesses to en-able such businesses to prepare and submit allegations described in paragraph (2), except that the Commissioner may deny assistance if the Commissioner concludes that the alle-gation, if submitted, would not lead to the initiation of an investigation under this sub-section or any other action to address the al-legation. 
‘‘(B) E
LIGIBLE SMALL BUSINESS DEFINED .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—In this paragraph, the 
term ‘eligible small business’ means any business concern that the Commissioner de-termines, due to its small size, has neither adequate internal resources nor the financial ability to obtain qualified outside assistance in preparing and filing allegations described in paragraph (2). 
‘‘(ii) N
ON-REVIEWABILITY .—The determina-
tion of the Commissioner regarding whether a business concern is an eligible small busi-ness for purposes of this paragraph is not re-viewable by any other agency or by any court. 
‘‘(c) D
ETERMINATIONS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 270 cal-
endar days after the date on which the Com-missioner initiates an investigation under subsection (b) with respect to covered mer-chandise, the Commissioner shall make a de-termination, based on substantial evidence, with respect to whether such covered mer-chandise was entered into the customs terri-tory of the United States through evasion. 
‘‘(2) A
UTHORITY TO COLLECT AND VERIFY AD -
DITIONAL INFORMATION .—In making a deter-
mination under paragraph (1) with respect to covered merchandise, the Commissioner may collect such additional information as is nec-essary to make the determination through such methods as the Commissioner considers appropriate, including by— 
‘‘(A) issuing a questionnaire with respect 
to such covered merchandise to— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:48 May 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18MY6.037 S18MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2991 May 18, 2015 
‘‘(i) an interested party that filed an alle-
gation under paragraph (2) of subsection (b) that resulted in the initiation of an inves-tigation under paragraph (1) of that sub-section with respect to such covered mer-chandise; 
‘‘(ii) a person alleged to have entered such 
covered merchandise into the customs terri-tory of the United States through evasion; 
‘‘(iii) a person that is a foreign producer or 
exporter of such covered merchandise; or 
‘‘(iv) the government of a country from 
which such covered merchandise was ex-ported; and 
‘‘(B) conducting verifications, including 
on-site verifications, of any relevant infor-mation. 
‘‘(3) A
DVERSE INFERENCE .—If the Commis-
sioner finds that a party or person described in clause (i), (ii), or (iii) of paragraph (2)(A) has failed to cooperate by not acting to the best of the party or person’s ability to com-ply with a request for information, the Com-missioner may, in making a determination under paragraph (1), use an inference that is adverse to the interests of that party or per-son in selecting from among the facts other-wise available to make the determination. 
‘‘(4) N
OTIFICATION .—Not later than 5 busi-
ness days after making a determination under paragraph (1) with respect to covered merchandise, the Commissioner— 
‘‘(A) shall provide to each interested party 
that filed an allegation under paragraph (2) of subsection (b) that resulted in the initi-ation of an investigation under paragraph (1) of that subsection with respect to such cov-ered merchandise a notification of the deter-mination and may, in addition, include an explanation of the basis for the determina-tion; and 
‘‘(B) may provide to importers, in such 
manner as the Commissioner determines ap-propriate, information discovered in the in-vestigation that the Commissioner deter-mines will help educate importers with re-spect to importing merchandise into the cus-toms territory of the United States in ac-cordance with all applicable laws and regula-tions. 
‘‘(d) E
FFECT OF DETERMINATIONS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—If the Commissioner 
makes a determination under subsection (c) that covered merchandise was entered into 
the customs territory of the United States through evasion, the Commissioner shall— 
‘‘(A)(i) suspend the liquidation of unliqui-
dated entries of such covered merchandise that are subject to the determination and that enter on or after the date of the initi-ation of the investigation under subsection (b) with respect to such covered merchandise and on or before the date of the determina-tion; or 
‘‘(ii) if the Commissioner has already sus-
pended the liquidation of such entries pursu-ant to subsection (e)(1), continue to suspend the liquidation of such entries; 
‘‘(B) pursuant to the Commissioner’s au-
thority under section 504(b)— 
‘‘(i) extend the period for liquidating unliq-
uidated entries of such covered merchandise that are subject to the determination and that entered before the date of the initiation of the investigation; or 
‘‘(ii) if the Commissioner has already ex-
tended the period for liquidating such entries pursuant to subsection (e)(1), continue to ex-tend the period for liquidating such entries; 
‘‘(C) notify the administering authority of 
the determination and request that the ad-ministering authority— 
‘‘(i) identify the applicable antidumping or 
countervailing duty assessment rates for en-tries described in subparagraphs (A) and (B); or 
‘‘(ii) if no such assessment rate for such an 
entry is available at the time, identify the applicable cash deposit rate to be applied to 
the entry, with the applicable antidumping or countervailing duty assessment rate to be provided as soon as that rate becomes avail-able; 
‘‘(D) require the posting of cash deposits 
and assess duties on entries described in sub-paragraphs (A) and (B) in accordance with the instructions received from the admin-istering authority under paragraph (2); and 
‘‘(E) take such additional enforcement 
measures as the Commissioner determines appropriate, such as— 
‘‘(i) initiating proceedings under section 
592 or 596; 
‘‘(ii) implementing, in consultation with 
the relevant Federal agencies, rule sets or modifications to rules sets for identifying, particularly through the Automated Tar-geting System and the Automated Commer-cial Environment authorized under section 13031(f) of the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985 (19 U.S.C. 58c(f)), importers, other parties, and merchandise that may be associated with evasion; 
‘‘(iii) requiring, with respect to merchan-
dise for which the importer has repeatedly provided incomplete or erroneous entry sum-mary information in connection with deter-minations of evasion, the importer to deposit estimated duties at the time of entry; and 
‘‘(iv) referring the record in whole or in 
part to U.S. Immigration and Customs En-
forcement for civil or criminal investigation. 
‘‘(2) C
OOPERATION OF ADMINISTERING AU -
THORITY .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Upon receiving a notifi-
cation from the Commissioner under para-graph (1)(C), the administering authority shall promptly provide to the Commissioner the applicable cash deposit rates and anti-dumping or countervailing duty assessment rates and any necessary liquidation instruc-tions. 
‘‘(B) S
PECIAL RULE FOR CASES IN WHICH THE  
PRODUCER OR EXPORTER IS UNKNOWN .—If the 
Commissioner and the administering author-ity are unable to determine the producer or exporter of the merchandise with respect to which a notification is made under para-graph (1)(C), the administering authority shall identify, as the applicable cash deposit rate or antidumping or countervailing duty assessment rate, the cash deposit or duty (as the case may be) in the highest amount ap-plicable to any producer or exporter, includ-ing the ‘all-others’ rate of the merchandise subject to an antidumping order or counter-vailing duty order under section 736 or 706, respectively, or a finding issued under the Antidumping Act, 1921, or any administra-tive review conducted under section 751. 
‘‘(e) I
NTERIM MEASURES .—Not later than 90 
calendar days after initiating an investiga-tion under subsection (b) with respect to cov-ered merchandise, the Commissioner shall decide based on the investigation if there is a reasonable suspicion that such covered merchandise was entered into the customs territory of the United States through eva-sion and, if the Commissioner decides there is such a reasonable suspicion, the Commis-sioner shall— 
‘‘(1) suspend the liquidation of each unliq-
uidated entry of such covered merchandise that entered on or after the date of the initi-ation of the investigation; 
‘‘(2) pursuant to the Commissioner’s au-
thority under section 504(b), extend the pe-riod for liquidating each unliquidated entry of such covered merchandise that entered be-fore the date of the initiation of the inves-tigation; and 
‘‘(3) pursuant to the Commissioner’s au-
thority under section 623, take such addi-tional measures as the Commissioner deter-mines necessary to protect the revenue of the United States, including requiring a sin-gle transaction bond or additional security 
or the posting of a cash deposit with respect to such covered merchandise. 
‘‘(f) A
DMINISTRATIVE REVIEW .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 30 busi-
ness days after the Commissioner makes a determination under subsection (c) with re-spect to whether covered merchandise was entered into the customs territory of the United States through evasion, a person de-termined to have entered such covered mer-chandise through evasion or an interested party that filed an allegation under para-graph (2) of subsection (b) that resulted in the initiation of an investigation under para-graph (1) of that subsection with respect to such covered merchandise may file an appeal with the Commissioner for de novo review of the determination. 
‘‘(2) T
IMELINE FOR REVIEW .—Not later than 
60 business days after an appeal of a deter-mination is filed under paragraph (1), the Commissioner shall complete the review of the determination. 
‘‘(g) J
UDICIAL REVIEW .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 30 busi-
ness days after the Commissioner completes a review under subsection (f) of a determina-tion under subsection (c) with respect to whether covered merchandise was entered into the customs territory of the United States through evasion, a person determined to have entered such covered merchandise through evasion or an interested party that filed an allegation under paragraph (2) of subsection (b) that resulted in the initiation of an investigation under paragraph (1) of that subsection with respect to such covered merchandise may commence a civil action in the United States Court of International Trade by filing concurrently a summons and complaint contesting any factual findings or legal conclusions upon which the determina-tion is based. 
‘‘(2) S
TANDARD OF REVIEW .—In a civil ac-
tion under this subsection, the court shall hold unlawful any determination, finding, or conclusion found to be arbitrary, capricious, an abuse of discretion, or otherwise not in accordance with law. 
‘‘(h) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION WITHRESPECT  
TOOTHER CIVIL AND CRIMINAL PROCEEDINGS  
AND INVESTIGATIONS .—No determination 
under subsection (c) or action taken by the Commissioner pursuant to this section shall be construed to limit the authority to carry out, or the scope of, any other proceeding or investigation pursuant to any other provi-sion of Federal or State law, including sec-tions 592 and 596.’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 
1581(c) of title 28, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘or 517’’ after ‘‘516A’’. 
(c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall take effect on the date that is 180 days after the date of the en-actment of this Act. 
(d) R
EGULATIONS .—Not later than the date 
that is 180 days after the date of the enact-ment of this Act, the Secretary of the Treas-ury shall prescribe such regulations as may be necessary to implement the amendments made by this section. 
(e) A
PPLICATION TO CANADA AND MEXICO .— 
Pursuant to article 1902 of the North Amer-ican Free Trade Agreement and section 408 of the North American Free Trade Agree-ment Implementation Act (19 U.S.C. 3438), the amendments made by this section shall apply with respect to goods from Canada and Mexico. 
SEC. 303. ANNUAL REPORT ON PREVENTION AND 
INVESTIGATION OF EVASION OF ANTIDUMPING AND COUNTER-VAILING DUTY ORDERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than January 15 
of each calendar year that begins on or after the date that is 270 days after the date of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:31 May 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18MY6.037 S18MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2992 May 18, 2015 
enactment of this Act, the Commissioner, in 
consultation with the Secretary of Com-merce and the Director of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement, shall submit to the Committee on Finance of the Senate and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives a report on the ef-forts being taken to prevent and investigate the entry of covered merchandise into the customs territory of the United States through evasion. 
(b) C
ONTENTS .—Each report required under 
subsection (a) shall include— 
(1) for the calendar year preceding the sub-
mission of the report— 
(A) a summary of the efforts of U.S. Cus-
toms and Border Protection to prevent and investigate the entry of covered merchandise into the customs territory of the United States through evasion; 
(B) the number of allegations of evasion re-
ceived under subsection (b) of section 517 of the Tariff Act of 1930, as added by section 302 of this Act, and the number of such allega-tions resulting in investigations by U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection or any other agency; 
(C) a summary of investigations initiated 
under subsection (b) of such section 517, in-cluding— 
(i) the number and nature of the investiga-
tions initiated, conducted, and completed; and 
(ii) the resolution of each completed inves-
tigation; 
(D) the number of investigations initiated 
under that subsection not completed during the time provided for making determina-tions under subsection (c) of such section 517 and an explanation for why the investiga-tions could not be completed on time; 
(E) the amount of additional duties that 
were determined to be owed as a result of such investigations, the amount of such du-ties that were collected, and, for any such duties not collected, a description of the rea-sons those duties were not collected; 
(F) with respect to each such investigation 
that led to the imposition of a penalty, the amount of the penalty; 
(G) an identification of the countries of or-
igin of covered merchandise determined under subsection (c) of such section 517 to be entered into the customs territory of the United States through evasion; 
(H) the amount of antidumping and coun-
tervailing duties collected as a result of any investigations or other actions by U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection or any other agency; 
(I) a description of the allocation of per-
sonnel and other resources of U.S. Customs and Border Protection and U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement to prevent and in-vestigate evasion, including any assessments conducted regarding the allocation of such personnel and resources; and 
(J) a description of training conducted to 
increase expertise and effectiveness in the prevention and investigation of evasion; and 
(2) a description of processes and proce-
dures of U.S. Customs and Border Protection to prevent and investigate evasion, includ-ing— 
(A) the specific guidelines, policies, and 
practices used by U.S. Customs and Border Protection to ensure that allegations of eva-sion are promptly evaluated and acted upon in a timely manner; 
(B) an evaluation of the efficacy of those 
guidelines, policies, and practices; 
(C) an identification of any changes since 
the last report required by this section, if any, that have materially improved or re-duced the effectiveness of U.S. Customs and Border Protection in preventing and inves-tigating evasion; (D) a description of the development and 
implementation of policies for the applica-tion of single entry and continuous bonds for entries of covered merchandise to suffi-ciently protect the collection of anti-dumping and countervailing duties commen-surate with the level of risk of not collecting those duties; 
(E) a description of the processes and pro-
cedures for increased cooperation and infor-mation sharing with the Department of Com-merce, U.S. Immigration and Customs En-forcement, and any other relevant Federal agencies to prevent and investigate evasion; and 
(F) an identification of any recommended 
policy changes for other Federal agencies or legislative changes to improve the effective-ness of U.S. Customs and Border Protection in preventing and investigating evasion. 
(c) P
UBLIC SUMMARY .—The Commissioner 
shall make available to the public a sum-mary of the report required by subsection (a) that includes, at a minimum— 
(1) a description of the type of merchandise 
with respect to which investigations were initiated under subsection (b) of section 517 of the Tariff Act of 1930, as added by section 302 of this Act; 
(2) the amount of additional duties deter-
mined to be owed as a result of such inves-tigations and the amount of such duties that were collected; 
(3) an identification of the countries of ori-
gin of covered merchandise determined under subsection (c) of such section 517 to be entered into the customs territory of the United States through evasion; and 
(4) a description of the types of measures 
used by U.S. Customs and Border Protection to prevent and investigate evasion. 
(d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section, the terms 
‘‘covered merchandise’’ and ‘‘evasion’’ have the meanings given those terms in section 517(a) of the Tariff Act of 1930, as added by section 302 of this Act. 
SA 1316. Ms. CANTWELL (for herself, 
Mr. K AINE, Ms. C OLLINS , and Mr. 
BROWN ) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the 
bill H.R. 1314, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relat-ing to adverse determinations of tax- exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . TAX CREDIT FOR APPRENTICESHIP 
PROGRAMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subpart D of part IV of 
subchapter A of chapter 1 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 45S. CREDIT FOR APPRENTICESHIP PRO-
GRAM EXPENSES. 
‘‘(a) T AXCREDIT .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—For purposes of section 
38, in the case of an employer, the appren-ticeship program credit determined under this section for any taxable year is an amount equal to— 
‘‘(A) with respect to each qualified indi-
vidual in a qualified apprenticeship program, the lesser of— 
‘‘(i) the amount of any wages (as defined in 
section 51(c)(1)) paid or incurred by the em-ployer with respect to such qualified indi-vidual during the taxable year, or 
‘‘(ii) $5,000, and ‘‘(B) with respect to each qualified indi-
vidual in a qualified multi-employer appren-ticeship program, the lesser of— ‘‘(i) an amount equal to the product of— 
‘‘(I) the total number of hours of work per-
formed by such qualified individual for such employer during such taxable year, multi-plied by 
‘‘(II) $3, or ‘‘(ii) $5,000. ‘‘(2) E
STABLISHED APPRENTICESHIP PRO -
GRAMS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The apprenticeship pro-
gram credit determined under this section for the taxable year shall only be applicable to the number of qualified individuals em-ployed by the employer through a qualified apprenticeship program or a qualified multi- employer apprenticeship program which are in excess of the apprenticeship participation average for such employer (as determined under subparagraph (B)). 
‘‘(B) A
PPRENTICESHIP PARTICIPATION AVER -
AGE.—For purposes of subparagraph (A), the 
apprenticeship participation average shall be equal to the average of the total number of qualified individuals employed by the em-ployer through a qualified apprenticeship program or qualified multi-employer appren-ticeship program for— 
‘‘(i) the 3 preceding taxable years, or ‘‘(ii) the number of taxable years in which 
the qualified apprenticeship program or the qualified multi-employer apprenticeship pro-gram was in existence, whichever is less. 
‘‘(3) D
ENIAL OF DOUBLE BENEFIT .—No deduc-
tion or any other credit shall be allowed under this chapter for any amount taken into account in determining the credit under this section. 
‘‘(4) E
LECTION NOT TO CLAIM CREDIT .—This 
section shall not apply to a taxpayer for any taxable year if such taxpayer elects to have this section not apply for such taxable year. 
‘‘(5) L
IMITATION .—The apprenticeship pro-
gram credit under this section shall not be allowed for more than 3 taxable years with respect to any qualified individual. 
‘‘(b) Q
UALIFIED INDIVIDUAL .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—For purposes of this sec-
tion, the term ‘qualified individual’ means, with respect to any taxable year, an indi-vidual who is an apprentice and— 
‘‘(A) is participating in a qualified appren-
ticeship program or a qualified multi-em-ployer apprenticeship program with an em-ployer that is subject to the terms of a valid apprenticeship agreement (as defined in the Act of August 16, 1937 (commonly known as the ‘National Apprenticeship Act’; 50 Stat. 664, chapter 663; 29 U.S.C. 50 et seq.)), 
‘‘(B) has been employed under a qualified 
apprenticeship program or a qualified multi- employer apprenticeship program for a pe-riod of not less than 7 months that ends within the taxable year, 
‘‘(C) is not a highly compensated employee 
(as defined in section 414(q)), and 
‘‘(D) is not a seasonal worker (as defined in 
section 45R(d)(5)(B)). 
‘‘(2) T
RAINING RECEIVED BY MEMBERS OF THE  
ARMED FORCES .—An employer shall consider 
and may accept, in the case of a qualified in-dividual participating in a qualified appren-ticeship program or a qualified multi-em-ployer apprenticeship program, any relevant training or instruction received by such indi-vidual while serving in the Armed Forces of the United States, for the purpose of satis-fying the applicable training and instruction requirements under such qualified appren-ticeship program. 
‘‘(c) Q
UALIFIED APPRENTICESHIP PROGRAM  
ANDQUALIFIED MULTI-EMPLOYER APPRENTICE -
SHIP PROGRAM .— 
‘‘(1) Q UALIFIED APPRENTICESHIP PROGRAM .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—For purposes of this sec-
tion, the term ‘qualified apprenticeship pro-gram’ means a program registered under the National Apprenticeship Act, whether or not 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:31 May 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18MY6.037 S18MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2993 May 18, 2015 
such program is sponsored by an employer, 
which— 
‘‘(i) provides qualified individuals with on- 
the-job training and instruction for a quali-fied occupation with the employer, 
‘‘(ii) is registered with the Office of Ap-
prenticeship of the Employment and Train-ing Administration of the Department of Labor or a State apprenticeship agency rec-ognized by such Office of Apprenticeship, 
‘‘(iii) maintains records relating to the 
qualified individual, in such manner as the Secretary, after consultation with the Sec-retary of Labor, may prescribe, and 
‘‘(iv) satisfies such other requirements as 
the Secretary, after consultation with the Secretary of Labor, may prescribe. 
‘‘(B) Q
UALIFIED OCCUPATION .—For purposes 
of subparagraph (A)(i), the term ‘qualified occupation’ means a skilled trade occupation in a high-demand mechanical, technical, healthcare, or technology field (or such other occupational field as the Secretary, after consultation with the Secretary of Labor, may prescribe) that satisfies the cri-teria for an apprenticeable occupation under the National Apprenticeship Act. 
‘‘(2) Q
UALIFIED MULTI -EMPLOYER APPREN -
TICESHIP PROGRAM .—The term ‘qualified 
multi-employer apprenticeship program’ means an apprenticeship program described in paragraph (1) in which multiple employers are required to contribute and that is main-tained pursuant to 1 or more collective bar-gaining agreements between 1 or more em-ployee organizations and such employers. 
‘‘(d) A
PPRENTICESHIP AGREEMENT .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—For purposes of this sec-
tion, the term ‘apprenticeship agreement’ means an agreement between a qualified in-dividual and an employer that satisfies the criteria under the National Apprenticeship Act. 
‘‘(2) C
REDIT FOR TRAINING RECEIVED UNDER  
APPRENTICESHIP AGREEMENT .—If a qualified 
individual has received training or instruc-tion through a qualified apprenticeship pro-gram or a qualified multi-employer appren-ticeship program with an employer which is subsequently unable to satisfy its obliga-tions under the apprenticeship agreement, such individual may transfer any completed training or instruction for purposes of satis-fying any applicable training and instruction requirements under a separate apprentice-ship agreement with a different employer. 
‘‘(e) A
PPLICATION OF CERTAIN RULES .—For 
purposes of this section, all persons treated as a single employer under subsection (a) or (b) of section 52, or subsections (m) or (o) of section 414, shall be treated as a single per-son. 
‘‘(f) R
EGULATIONS .—The Secretary shall 
prescribe such regulations as may be nec-essary to carry out the provisions of this sec-tion. 
‘‘(g) T
ERMINATION .—This section shall not 
apply with respect to any wages paid to or any hours of work performed by a qualified individual after December 31, 2020.’’. 
(b) C
REDIT TO BEPART OF GENERAL BUSI-
NESS CREDIT .—Section 38(b) of the Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ‘‘plus’’ at the end of paragraph (35), by strik-ing the period at the end of paragraph (36) and inserting ‘‘, plus’’, and by adding at the end the following new paragraph: 
‘‘(37) the apprenticeship program expenses 
credit determined under section 45S(a).’’. 
(c) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
sections for subpart D of part IV of sub-chapter A of chapter 1 of the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new item: 
‘‘Sec. 45S. Credit for apprenticeship program 
expenses.’’. 
(d) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) R ULE FOR EMPLOYMENT CREDITS .—Sec-
tion 280C(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by inserting ‘‘45S(a),’’ after ‘‘45P(a),’’. 
(2) E
XCLUSION FOR DETERMINATION OF CRED -
IT FOR INCREASING RESEARCH ACTIVITIES .— 
Clause (iii) of section 41(b)(2)(D) of such Code is amended by inserting ‘‘the apprenticeship program credit under section 45S(a) or’’ after ‘‘in determining’’. 
(e) E
VALUATION .—Not later than 3 years 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit a report to the Committees on Finance and Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate and the Committees on Ways and Means and Education and the Workforce of the House of Representatives that contains an evaluation of the activities authorized under this Act, including— 
(1) the extent to which qualified individ-
uals completed qualified apprenticeship pro-grams and qualified multi-employer appren-ticeship programs; 
(2) whether qualified individuals remained 
employed by an employer that received an apprenticeship program credit under section 45S of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and the length of such employment following ex-piration of the apprenticeship period; 
(3) whether qualified individuals who com-
pleted a qualified apprenticeship program or a qualified multi-employer apprenticeship program remained employed in the same oc-cupation or field; and 
(4) recommendations for legislative and ad-
ministrative actions to improve the effec-tiveness of the apprenticeship program cred-it under section 45S of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. 
(f) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2015. 
SEC. lll . ENCOURAGING MENTORS TO TRAIN 
THE FUTURE. 
(a) E ARLY DISTRIBUTIONS FROM QUALIFIED  
RETIREMENT PLANS .—Section 72(t)(2) of the 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (A)— (A) by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end of clause 
(vii); 
(B) by striking the period at the end of 
clause (viii) and inserting ‘‘, or’’; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following new 
clause: 
‘‘(ix) made to an employee who is serving 
as a mentor.’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following new 
subparagraph: 
‘‘(H) D
ISTRIBUTIONS TO MENTORS .—For pur-
poses of this paragraph, the term ‘mentor’ means an individual who— 
‘‘(i) has attained 55 years of age, ‘‘(ii) is not separated from their employ-
ment with a company, corporation, or insti-tution of higher education, 
‘‘(iii) in accordance with such require-
ments and standards as the Secretary deter-mines to be necessary, has substantially re-duced their hours of employment with their employer, with the individual to be engaged in mentoring activities described in clause (iv) for not less than 20 percent of the hours of employment after such reduction, and 
‘‘(iv) is responsible for the training and 
education of employees or students in an area of expertise for which the individual has a professional credential, certificate, or de-gree.’’. 
(b) D
ISTRIBUTIONS DURING WORKING RETIRE -
MENT .—Paragraph (36) of section 401(a) of the 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(36) D
ISTRIBUTIONS DURING WORKING RE -
TIREMENT .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—A trust forming part of 
a pension plan shall not be treated as failing to constitute a qualified trust under this sec-
tion solely because the plan provides that a distribution may be made from such trust to an employee who— 
‘‘(i) has attained age 62 and who is not sep-
arated from employment at the time of such distribution, or 
‘‘(ii) subject to subparagraph (B), is serving 
as a mentor (as such term is defined in sec-tion 72(t)(2)(H)). 
‘‘(B) L
IMITATION ON DISTRIBUTIONS TO MEN -
TORS .—For purposes of subparagraph (A)(ii), 
the amount of the distribution made to an employee who is serving as a mentor shall not be greater than the amount equal to the product obtained by multiplying— 
‘‘(i) the amount of the distribution that 
would have been payable to the employee if such employee had separated from employ-ment instead of reducing their hours of em-ployment with their employer and engaging in mentoring activities, in accordance with clauses (iii) and (iv) of section 72(t)(2)(H), by 
‘‘(ii) the percentage equal to the quotient 
obtained by dividing— 
‘‘(I) the sum of— ‘‘(aa) the number of hours per pay period 
by which the employee’s hours of employ-ment are reduced, and 
‘‘(bb) the number of hours of employment 
that such employee is engaging in mentoring activities, by 
‘‘(II) the total number of hours per pay pe-
riod worked by the employee before such re-duction in hours of employment.’’. 
(c) ERISA.—Subparagraph (A) of section 
3(2) of the Employee Retirement Income Se-curity Act of 1974 (29 U.S.C. 1002(2)) is amend-ed by striking the period at the end and in-serting the following: ‘‘, or solely because such distribution is made to an employee who is serving as a mentor (as such term is defined in section 72(t)(2)(H) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986).’’. 
(d) A
PPLICATION .—The amendments made 
by this section shall apply to distributions made in taxable years beginning after De-cember 31, 2015 and before January 1, 2021. 
SA 1317. Ms. BALDWIN (for herself, 
Mr. F RANKEN , and Mr. B LUMENTHAL ) 
submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 pro-posed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 
1314, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to ad-verse determinations of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
Beginning on page 33, strike line 10 and all 
that follows through page 34, line 4, and in-sert the following: 
(16) T
RADE REMEDY LAWS .—The principal 
negotiating objectives of the United States with respect to trade remedy laws are the following: 
(A) To preserve the ability of the United 
States to enforce vigorously its trade laws, including antidumping and countervailing duty and safeguard laws, and not to enter into agreements that lessen in any respect the effectiveness of domestic and inter-national disciplines— 
(i) on unfair trade, especially dumping and 
subsidies, or 
(ii) that address import increases or 
surges, such as under the safeguard remedy, in order to ensure that United States work-ers, farmers and agricultural producers, and firms can compete fully on fair terms and enjoy the benefits of reciprocal trade conces-sions. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:31 May 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18MY6.038 S18MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2994 May 18, 2015 
(B) To eliminate the underlying causes of 
unfair trade practices and import surges, in-cluding closed markets, subsidization, gov-ernment practices promoting, enabling, or tolerating anticompetitive practices, and 
other forms of government intervention that generate or sustain excess, uneconomic ca-pacity. 
SA 1318. Ms. BALDWIN (for herself 
and Mr. B LUMENTHAL ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of section 106(b), add the fol-
lowing: 
(7) F OR AGREEMENTS WITH COUNTRIES THAT  
CRIMINALIZE HOMOSEXUALITY .—Notwith-
standing any other provision of law, the trade authorities procedures shall not apply to an implementing bill submitted with re-spect to a trade agreement or trade agree-ments entered into under section 3(b) with a country the government of which criminal-izes homosexuality or persecutes or other-wise punishes individuals on the basis of sex-ual orientation or gender identity, as identi-fied by the Secretary of State in the most re-cent annual Country Reports on Human Rights Practices under section 116 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2151n). 
SA 1319. Ms. BALDWIN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to pro-vide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title I, add the following: 
SEC. 112. NOTIFICATION OF WAIVERS OF DOMES-
TIC CONTENT RESTRICTIONS. 
The Office of Federal Procurement Policy 
shall notify the public each time the applica-tion of a law, regulation, procedure, or prac-tice regarding Government procurement is waived under section 301 of the Trade Agree-ments Act of 1979 (19 U.S.C. 2511) to permit a entity organized under the laws of a country with which the United States enters into a free trade agreement under section 103(b) to compete for a Federal procurement contract. 
SA 1320. Ms. BALDWIN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 36, between lines 17 and 18, insert 
the following: 
(21) M ANUFACTURING JOBS AND WAGES .—The 
principal negotiating objective of the United States with respect to manufacturing jobs and wages is to ensure that a trade agree-ment benefits the parties to the agreement, particularly with respect to resulting in net increases in manufacturing jobs and wages in the United States. 
SA 1321. Ms. BALDWIN (for herself 
and Mr. M URPHY ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to 
amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 50, between lines 11 and 12, insert 
the following: 
(e) P ROHIBITION ON WAIVING DOMESTIC CON-
TENT RESTRICTIONS .—The President may not 
designate, under subsection (b) of section 301 of the Trade Agreements Act of 1979 (19 U.S.C. 2511), a country with which the United States enters into a trade agreement under this section for purposes of exercising the waiver authority provided under such sec-tion 301. 
SA 1322. Ms. BALDWIN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 90, between lines 15 and 16, insert 
the following: 
(5) L IMITATION ON EFFECT OF AGREEMENTS  
WITH PRIORITY FOREIGN COUNTRIES .—Any 
agreement entered into under section 103(b) with a country that has been identified as a priority foreign country under section 182(a)(2) of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2242(a)(2)) during each of the 3 years pre-ceding the date on which the agreement was entered into shall not enter into force with respect to the United States until the date that is 3 years after the most recent date on which that country was so identified. 
SA 1323. Ms. BALDWIN (for herself 
and Mr. F RANKEN ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 4, between lines 21 and 22, insert 
the following: 
(13) to oppose any attempts to weaken in 
any respect the trade remedy laws of the United States. 
SA 1324. Ms. BALDWIN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end, add the following: 
TITLE III—MISCELLANEOUS 
SEC. 301. ENVIRONMENTAL IMPROVEMENT 
TRUST FUND. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—There is established in 
the Treasury of the United States a trust fund to be known as the ‘‘Environmental Im-provement Trust Fund’’ (in this section re-ferred to as the ‘‘Trust Fund’’), consisting of 
such amounts as may be transferred to the Trust Fund under subsection (b) and any amounts that may be credited to the Trust Fund under subsection (d)(3). 
(b) T
RANSFER OF AMOUNTS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of the 
Treasury shall transfer to the Trust Fund, from the general fund of the Treasury, amounts determined by the Secretary to be equivalent to amounts received in the gen-eral fund that are attributable to the duties collected, during the period specified in para-graph (3), pursuant to a countervailing duty order or an antidumping duty order under title VII of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1671 et seq.) or a finding under the Anti-dumping Act, 1921 (title II of the Act of May 27, 1921; 42 Stat. 11, chapter 14) on articles produced by manufacturers in the following industries, as determined by the Secretary: 
(A) Food and beverages. (B) Textiles. (C) Lumber. (D) Paper and printing. (E) Chemicals. (F) Plastics and rubber. (G) Nonmetallic minerals. (H) Primary metals. (I) Fabricated metals. (J) Machinery and equipment. (K) Electronic equipment. (L) Transportation equipment. (M) Any other manufacturing industry if 
domestic manufacturers in that industry are required to purchase new equipment or hire new employees in order to comply with regu-lations promulgated by the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency relat-ing to improving overall environmental quality. 
(2) D
ETERMINATION .—In determining if do-
mestic manufacturers are required to pur-chase new equipment or hire new employees in order to comply with regulations under paragraph (1)(M), the Secretary shall consult with the Administrator. 
(3) P
ERIOD SPECIFIED .—The period specified 
in this paragraph begins on January 1, 2016, and ends on the date that is 5 years after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(c) A
VAILABILITY OF AMOUNTS IN TRUST  
FUND.— 
(1) A VAILABILITY FOR ASSISTING DOMESTIC  
MANUFACTURERS .—Amounts in the Trust 
Fund shall be available to the Adminis-trator, as provided by appropriation Acts— 
(A) to assist any domestic manufacturer in 
an industry specified in subsection (b)(1) if that domestic manufacturer is required to purchase new equipment or hire new employ-ees in order to comply with any regulations promulgated by the Administrator relating to improving overall environmental quality, as determined by the Administrator; and 
(B) to cover administrative costs incurred 
by the Administrator in carrying out sub-paragraph (A). 
(2) D
ISTRIBUTION OF AMOUNTS .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraph 
(B), the Administrator shall distribute amounts available for assistance under para-graph (1)(A) among domestic manufacturers in the industries specified in subsection (b)(1) in proportion to the estimated impact of regulations described in such paragraph on the prices in the United States of articles produced by domestic manufacturers in such industries, as determined by the Adminis-trator. 
(B) E
XCLUSION .—Of the amounts distrib-
uted under subparagraph (A), 75 percent of those amounts shall be distributed to domes-tic manufacturers that are small or medium sized enterprises, as determined by the Ad-ministrator. 
(d) I
NVESTMENT OF TRUST FUND.— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:31 May 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18MY6.038 S18MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2995 May 18, 2015 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of the 
Treasury shall invest such portion of the Trust Fund as is not required to meet cur-rent withdrawals in interest-bearing obliga-tions of the United States or in obligations guaranteed as to both principal and interest by the United States. 
(2) O
BLIGATIONS .— 
(A) A CQUISITION .—The obligations specified 
in paragraph (1) may be acquired on original issue at the issue price or by purchase of out-standing obligations at the market price. 
(B) S
ALE.—Any obligation acquired by the 
Trust Fund may be sold by the Secretary of the Treasury at the market price. 
(3) I
NTEREST AND PROCEEDS FROM SALE OR  
REDEMPTION OF OBLIGATIONS .—The interest 
on, and the proceeds from the sale or re-demption of, any obligations held in the Trust Fund shall be credited to and form a part of the Trust Fund. 
(e) D
OMESTIC MANUFACTURER DEFINED .—In 
this section, the term ‘‘domestic manufac-turer’’ means a person that produces articles in the United States. 
SA 1325. Ms. BALDWIN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end, add the following: 
TITLE III—EXPANSION OF ELIGIBLE 
PROGRAMS 
SEC. 301. EXPANSION OF ELIGIBLE PROGRAMS. 
The Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 
1001 et seq.) is amended— 
(1) in section 481(b), by adding at the end 
the following: 
‘‘(5)(A) For purposes of parts D and E, the 
term ‘eligible program’ includes a program of not less than 250 clock hours of instruc-tion, offered during a minimum of 5 weeks of instruction that leads an industry–recog-nized credential. 
‘‘(B) In this paragraph, the term ‘industry- 
recognized credential’ means an industry- recognized credential that— 
‘‘(i) is demonstrated to be of high quality 
by the institution offering the program in the program participation agreement under section 487; 
‘‘(ii) meets the current, as of the date of 
the determination, or projected needs of a local or regional workforce for recruitment, screening, hiring, retention, or advancement purposes— 
‘‘(I) as determined by the State in which 
the program is located, in consultation with business entities; or 
‘‘(II) as demonstrated by the institution of-
fering the program leading to the credential; and 
‘‘(iii) is, where applicable, endorsed by a 
nationally recognized trade association or organization representing a significant part of the industry or sector.’’; and 
(2) in section 487(a), by adding at the end 
the following: 
‘‘(30) In the case of an institution that of-
fers a program of not less than 250 clock hours of instruction, offered during a min-imum of 5 weeks of instruction that leads an industry–recognized credential, as provided under section 481(b)(5), the institution will demonstrate to the Secretary that the indus-try-recognized credential is of high qual-ity.’’. 
SA 1326. Ms. WARREN (for herself 
and Mrs. M CCASKILL ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to 
amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of section 106(b), add the fol-
lowing: 
(7) F OR AGREEMENTS THAT THREATEN UNITED  
STATES SOVEREIGNTY .—The trade authorities 
procedures shall not apply to an imple-menting bill submitted with respect to a trade agreement entered into under section 103(b) if— 
(A) the agreement, the implementing bill, 
or any statement of administrative action described in subsection (a)(1)(E)(ii) proposed to implement the agreement, includes an in-vestor-state dispute settlement arbitration mechanism; and 
(B) any other party to the agreement has 
opted out of all or part of the arbitration mechanism. 
SA 1327. Ms. WARREN (for herself, 
Ms. H EITKAMP , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. D UR-
BIN, Mrs. B OXER , Mr. B ROWN , Mr. 
CASEY , Mr. F RANKEN , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , 
Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. P ETERS , 
Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mr. S CHATZ , Mr. 
UDALL , and Mr. H EINRICH ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; as follows: 
At the end of section 106(b), add the fol-
lowing: 
(7) F OR AGREEMENTS THAT THREATEN UNITED  
STATES SOVEREIGNTY .—The trade authorities 
procedures shall not apply to an imple-menting bill submitted with respect to a trade agreement or trade agreements entered into under section 103(b) if such agreement or agreements, the implementing bill, or any statement of administrative action described in subsection (a)(1)(E)(ii) proposed to imple-ment such agreement or agreements, in-cludes investor-state dispute settlement. 
SA 1328. Ms. WARREN (for herself, 
Mr. M ERKLEY , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , and 
Ms. B ALDWIN ) submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the 
bill H.R. 1314, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relat-ing to adverse determinations of tax- exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of section 106(b), add the fol-
lowing: 
(7) F OR AGREEMENTS THAT UNDERMINE THE  
FINANCIAL STABILITY OF THE UNITED STATES .— 
The trade authorities procedures shall not apply to an implementing bill submitted with respect to a trade agreement or trade agreements entered into under section 103(b) if such agreement or agreements include pro-visions relating to financial services regula-tion. 
SA 1329. Mr. BROWN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend the 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to pro-vide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
After section 3, add the following: 
SEC. 4. EXTENSION OF TRADE ADJUSTMENT AS-
SISTANCE TO PUBLIC AGENCY WORKERS. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—Section 247 of the Trade 
Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2319) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (3)— (A) in the matter preceding subparagraph 
(A), by striking ‘‘The’’ and inserting ‘‘Sub-ject to section 222(d)(5), the’’; and 
(B) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘or 
service sector firm’’ and inserting ‘‘, service sector firm, or public agency’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(19) The term ‘public agency’ means a de-
partment or agency of a State or local gov-ernment or of the Federal Government, or a subdivision thereof.’’. 
(b) G
ROUP ELIGIBILITY REQUIREMENTS .— 
Section 222 of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2272) is amended— 
(1) by redesignating subsections (c), (d), 
and (e) as subsections (d), (e), and (f), respec-tively; 
(2) by inserting after subsection (b) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(c) A
DVERSELY AFFECTED WORKERS IN  
PUBLIC AGENCIES .—A group of workers in a 
public agency shall be certified by the Sec-retary as eligible to apply for adjustment as-sistance under this chapter pursuant to a pe-tition filed under section 221 if the Secretary determines that— 
‘‘(1) a significant number or proportion of 
the workers in the public agency have be-come totally or partially separated, or are threatened to become totally or partially separated; 
‘‘(2) the public agency has acquired from a 
foreign country services like or directly competitive with services which are supplied by such agency; and 
‘‘(3) the acquisition of services described in 
paragraph (2) contributed importantly to such workers’ separation or threat of separa-tion.’’; 
(3) in subsection (d) (as redesignated), by 
adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(5) R
EFERENCE TO FIRM .—For purposes of 
subsections (a) and (b), the term ‘firm’ does not include a public agency.’’; and 
(4) in paragraph (2) of subsection (e) (as re-
designated), by striking ‘‘subsection (a) or (b)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (a), (b), or (c)’’. 
SA 1330. Mr. BROWN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 14, strike lines 3 through 6 and in-
sert the following: 
(E) ensuring foreign investors have access 
to justice to seek relief from harms inflicted in the territory of or by the United States ’ trading partners; 
SA 1331. Mr. BROWN (for himself and 
Mr. D URBIN ) submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the 
bill H.R. 1314, to amend the Internal 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:31 May 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18MY6.039 S18MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2996 May 18, 2015 
Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a 
right to an administrative appeal relat-ing to adverse determinations of tax- exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 36, between lines 17 and 18, insert 
the following: 
(21) P UBLIC HEALTH .—The principal negoti-
ating objectives of the United States with re-spect to public health are— 
(A) to strengthen the commitments made 
in the bipartisan congressional agreement on trade policy relating to trade agreements with Peru, Colombia, and Panama, dated May 10, 2007 (commonly referred to as the ‘‘May 10 agreement’’); 
(B) to ensure that a party to a trade agree-
ment with the United States adopts and maintains current rights and obligations under— 
(i) the Declaration on the TRIPS Agree-
ment and Public Health, adopted by the World Trade Organization at the Fourth Ministerial Conference at Doha, Qatar, on November 14, 2001; 
(ii) the World Intellectual Property Orga-
nization Development Agenda, adopted in 2007; and 
(iii) World Health Organization Resolution 
61.21 (2008); 
(C) to ensure that no provision of a trade 
agreement imposes upon the United States or any other party to the agreement any rule that may be interpreted as undermining or limiting access to medical tools and tech-nologies, including pharmaceutical products, diagnostics, vaccines, or other medical de-vices, or the practice of medicine; and 
(D) to recognize the right of all govern-
ments to regulate and enact laws in the in-terest of public health and the right of all governments to exercise any legal rights or safeguards to protect public health without the threat of trade-related penalties. 
SA 1332. Mr. MURPHY (for himself 
and Mr. B ROWN ) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of section 102(b), add the fol-
lowing: 
(21) D EMOCRACY .—The principal negoti-
ating objective of the United States with re-spect to democracy is to require the trading partners of the United States to maintain open and free democratic elections at all lev-els of government. 
SA 1333. Mr. MURPHY (for himself, 
Ms. W ARREN , and Ms. B ALDWIN ) sub-
mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 pro-posed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 
1314, to amend the Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to ad-verse determinations of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the end of section 102(a), add the fol-
lowing: 
(13) to preserve and grow manufacturing in 
the United States by recognizing the impli-cations to the national security of the United States of the erosion of the defense industrial base and to ensure that any waiv-
er under section 301 of the Trade Agreements Act of 1979 (19 U.S.C. 2511) regarding Govern-ment procurement is exercised only if— 
(A) the waiver does not cause the closure 
of a domestic manufacturer; and 
(B) domestic manufacturers are unable to 
produce the item to be procured. 
SA 1334. Mr. CASEY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 44, line 9, insert before the end pe-
riod the following: ‘‘and does not violate, weaken, or undermine the requirements of chapter 83 of title 41, United States Code (commonly known as the ‘Buy American Act’) or section 313 of title 23, United States Code’’. 
SA 1335. Mr. CASEY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 79, lines 3 and 4, strike ‘‘and the 
interests of United States consumers’’ and insert ‘‘the interests of United States con-sumers, and the wages, living standards, and employment prospects of United States workers’’. 
SA 1336. Mr. CASEY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
In section 105(a), add at the end the fol-
lowing: 
(6) N EGOTIATIONS REGARDING AUTOMOBILES  
AND AUTO PARTS .—Before initiating or con-
tinuing negotiations with respect to a trade agreement or trade agreements relating to automobiles and auto parts, the President shall— 
(A) assess the likelihood of such agreement 
or agreements substantially reducing the overall global trade deficit of the United States in automobiles and auto parts; 
(B) determine whether the countries par-
ticipating in the negotiations maintain non-tariff barriers or other policies or practices that distort trade in automobiles and auto parts and identify the impact of those bar-riers, policies, or practices on producers of automobiles and auto parts in the United States and the employees of those producers; and 
(C) consult with the Committee on Finance 
of the Senate and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives with respect to— 
(i) the results of the assessment conducted 
under subparagraph (A); 
(ii) whether it is appropriate for the Presi-
dent to agree to reduce tariffs on auto-mobiles or auto parts based on any conclu-
sions reached in that assessment; and 
(iii) how the President intends to comply 
with all negotiating objectives applicable to such agreement or agreements. 
SA 1337. Mr. CASEY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 90, between lines 17 and 18, insert 
the following: 
(1) C ERTIFICATION THAT NEGOTIATING OBJEC -
TIVES HAVE BEEN ACHIEVED .— 
(A) C ONSIDERATION BY COMMITTEE ON WAYS  
AND MEANS AND COMMITTEE ON FINANCE .—Not 
later than 90 days after the President sub-mits to Congress a copy of the final legal text of a trade agreement under subsection (a)(1)(E), the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Finance of the Senate shall each meet, consider whether or not the agreement achieves the negotiating objec-tives set forth in section 102, and vote on whether to certify that the agreement achieves those objectives. 
(B) A
PPLICABILITY OF TRADE AUTHORITIES  
PROCEDURES .—The trade authorities proce-
dures shall not apply to an implementing bill submitted with respect to a trade agreement unless the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives and the Com-mittee on Finance of the Senate both vote to certify under subparagraph (A) that the agreement achieves the negotiating objec-tives set forth in section 102. 
SA 1338. Mr. WHITEHOUSE sub-
mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 pro-posed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 
1314, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to ad-verse determinations of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the end of section 111(6)(B), add the fol-
lowing: 
(viii) The United Nations Framework Con-
vention on Climate Change. 
SA 1339. Mr. WHITEHOUSE sub-
mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 pro-posed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 
1314, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to ad-verse determinations of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the end of section 106(b), add the fol-
lowing: 
(7) F OR AGREEMENTS THAT DO NOT ALLOW  
GREENHOUSE GAS EMISSIONS PRICING OR SIMI -
LAR POLICIES .—Notwithstanding any other 
provision of law, the trade authorities proce-dures shall not apply to an implementing bill submitted with respect to a trade agreement or trade agreements entered into under sec-tion 103(b) unless the agreement or agree-ments explicitly permit parties to the agree-ment or agreements to price greenhouse gas 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:31 May 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18MY6.040 S18MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2997 May 18, 2015 
emissions or adopt other policies that have 
substantially the same effect in reducing greenhouse gas emissions as pricing such emissions. 
SA 1340. Mrs. FEINSTEIN submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end, add the following: 
TITLE III—TRADE PREFERENCES FOR 
NEPAL 
SEC. 301. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Nepal 
Trade Preferences Act’’. 
SEC. 302. ELIGIBILITY REQUIREMENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The President may au-
thorize the provision of preferential treat-ment under this title to articles that are im-ported directly from Nepal into the customs territory of the United States pursuant to section 303 if the President determines— 
(1) that Nepal meets the requirements set 
forth in paragraphs (1), (2), and (3) of section 104(a) of the African Growth and Opportunity Act (19 U.S.C. 3703(a)); and 
(2) after taking into account the factors 
set forth in paragraphs (1) through (7) of sub-section (c) of section 502 of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2462), that Nepal meets the eli-gibility requirements of such section 502. 
(b) W
ITHDRAWAL , SUSPENSION , ORLIMITA -
TION OF PREFERENTIAL TREATMENT ; MANDA -
TORY GRADUATION .—The provisions of sub-
sections (d) and (e) of section 502 of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2462) shall apply with respect to Nepal to the same extent and in the same manner as such provisions apply with respect to beneficiary developing coun-tries under title V of that Act (19 U.S.C. 2461 et seq.). 
SEC. 303. ELIGIBLE ARTICLES. 
(a) C ERTAIN MANUFACTURED AND OTHER AR-
TICLES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—An article described in 
paragraph (2) may enter the customs terri-tory of the United States free of duty. 
(2) A
RTICLES DESCRIBED .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—An article is described in 
this paragraph if— 
(i) the article is the growth, product, or 
manufacture of Nepal; 
(ii) the article is imported directly from 
Nepal into the customs territory of the United States; 
(iii) the article is described in subpara-
graphs (B) through (G) of subsection (b)(1) of section 503 of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2463); 
(iv) the President determines, after receiv-
ing the advice of the United States Inter-national Trade Commission in accordance with subsection (e) of that section, that the article is not import-sensitive in the context of imports from Nepal; and 
(v) subject to subparagraph (C), the sum of 
the cost or value of the materials produced in, and the direct costs of processing oper-ations performed in, Nepal or the customs territory of the United States is not less than 35 percent of the appraised value of the article at the time it is entered. 
(B) E
XCLUSIONS .—An article shall not be 
treated as the growth, product, or manufac-ture of Nepal for purposes of subparagraph (A)(i) by virtue of having merely under-gone— 
(i) simple combining or packaging oper-
ations; or (ii) mere dilution with water or mere dilu-
tion with another substance that does not materially alter the characteristics of the article. 
(C) L
IMITATION ON UNITED STATES COST .— 
For purposes of subparagraph (A)(v), the cost or value of materials produced in, and the di-rect costs of processing operations performed in, the customs territory of the United States and attributed to the 35-percent re-quirement under that subparagraph may not exceed 15 percent of the appraised value of the article at the time it is entered. 
(b) T
EXTILE AND APPAREL ARTICLES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—A textile or apparel arti-
cle described in paragraph (2) or (3) may enter the customs territory of the United States free of duty. 
(2) T
EXTILE AND APPAREL ARTICLES WHOLLY  
ASSEMBLED IN NEPAL .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—A textile or apparel arti-
cle is described in this paragraph if the tex-tile or apparel article is— 
(i) wholly assembled in Nepal, without re-
gard to the country of origin of the yarn or fabric used to make the articles; and 
(ii) imported directly from Nepal into the 
customs territory of the United States. 
(B) A
GGREGATE LIMIT .—The aggregate 
quantity of textile and apparel articles de-scribed in subparagraph (A) imported into the customs territory of the United States from Nepal during a calendar year under this subsection may not exceed one half of one percent of the aggregate square meter equivalents of all textile and apparel articles imported into the customs territory of the United States in the most recent 12-month period for which data are available. 
(3) H
ANDLOOMED , HANDMADE , FOLKLORE AR -
TICLES AND ETHNIC PRINTED FABRICS .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—A textile or apparel arti-
cle is described in this paragraph if the tex-tile or apparel article is— 
(i) imported directly from Nepal into the 
customs territory of the United States; 
(ii) on a list of textile and apparel articles 
determined by the President, after consulta-tion with the Government of Nepal, to be handloomed, handmade, folklore articles or ethnic printed fabrics of Nepal; and 
(iii) certified as a handloomed, handmade, 
folklore article or an ethnic printed fabric of Nepal by the competent authority of Nepal. 
(B) E
THNIC PRINTED FABRIC .—For purposes 
of subparagraph (A), an ethnic printed fabric of Nepal is fabric— 
(i) containing a selvedge on both edges and 
having a width of less than 50 inches; 
(ii) classifiable under subheading 5208.52.30 
or 5208.52.40 of the Harmonized Tariff Sched-ule of the United States; 
(iii) of a type that contains designs, sym-
bols, and other characteristics of Nepal— 
(I) normally produced for and sold in indig-
enous markets in Nepal; and 
(II) normally sold in Nepal by the piece as 
opposed to being tailored into garments be-fore being sold in indigenous markets in Nepal; 
(iv) printed, including waxed, in Nepal; and (v) formed in the United States from yarns 
formed in the United States or formed in Nepal from yarns originating in either the United States or Nepal. 
(4) Q
UANTITATIVE LIMITATION .—Preferential 
treatment under this subsection shall be ex-tended in the 1-year period beginning Janu-ary 1, 2016, and in each of the succeeding 10 1-year periods, to imports of textile and ap-parel articles from Nepal under this sub-section in an amount not to exceed one half of one percent of the aggregate square meter equivalents of all textile and apparel articles imported into the customs territory of the United States in the most recent 12-month period for which data are available. (5) V
ERIFICATION WITH RESPECT TO TRANS -
SHIPMENT FOR CERTAIN APPAREL ARTICLES .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Not later than April 1, 
July 1, October 1, and January 1 of each year, the Commissioner responsible for U.S. Customs and Border Protection shall verify that textile and apparel articles imported from Nepal to which preferential treatment is extended under this subsection are not being unlawfully transshipped into the United States. 
(B) R
EPORT TO PRESIDENT .—If the Commis-
sioner determines pursuant to subparagraph (A) that textile and apparel articles im-ported from Nepal to which preferential treatment is extended under this subsection are being unlawfully transshipped into the United States, the Commissioner shall re-port that determination to the President. 
(C) A
UTHORITY TO REDUCE QUANTITATIVE  
LIMITATION .—If, in any 1-year period with re-
spect to which the President extends pref-erential treatment to textile and apparel ar-ticles under this subsection, the Commis-sioner reports to the President pursuant to subparagraph (B) regarding unlawful trans-shipments, the President— 
(i) may modify the quantitative limitation 
under paragraph (4) as the President con-siders appropriate to account for such trans-shipments; and 
(ii) if the President modifies that limita-
tion under clause (i), shall publish notice of the modification in the Federal Register. 
(6) S
URGE MECHANISM .—The provisions of 
subparagraph (B) of section 112(b)(3) of the African Growth and Opportunity Act (19 U.S.C. 3721(b)(3)) shall apply to textile and apparel articles imported from Nepal to which preferential treatment is extended under this subsection to the same extent and in the same manner that such provisions apply to textile and apparel articles de-scribed in such section 112(b)(3) and imported from a beneficiary sub-Saharan African country. 
(7) S
PECIAL ELIGIBILITY RULES ; PROTECTIONS  
AGAINST TRANSSHIPMENT .—The provisions of 
subsection (e) of section 112 and section 113 of the African Growth and Opportunity Act (19 U.S.C. 3721 and 3722) shall apply to textile and apparel articles imported from Nepal to which preferential treatment is extended under this subsection to the same extent and in the same manner that such provisions apply to textile and apparel articles im-ported from beneficiary sub-Saharan coun-tries to which preferential treatment is ex-tended under such section 112. 
SEC. 304. REPORTING REQUIREMENT. 
The President shall monitor, review, and 
report to Congress, not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter, on the implementa-tion of this title and on the trade and invest-ment policy of the United States with re-spect to Nepal. 
SEC. 305. TERMINATION OF PREFERENTIAL 
TREATMENT. 
No preferential treatment extended under 
this title shall remain in effect after Decem-ber 31, 2025. 
SEC. 306. EFFECTIVE DATE. 
The provisions of this title shall take ef-
fect on January 1, 2016. 
SA 1341. Mr. BROWN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:31 May 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18MY6.041 S18MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2998 May 18, 2015 
At the end, add the following: 
TITLE III—MISCELLANEOUS 
SEC. 301. ELIMINATION OF CONSUMPTIVE DE-
MAND EXCEPTION TO PROHIBITION ON IMPORTATION OF GOODS MADE WITH CONVICT LABOR, FORCED LABOR, OR INDENTURED LABOR; RE-PORT. 
(a) E LIMINATION OF CONSUMPTIVE DEMAND  
EXCEPTION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 307 of the Tariff 
Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1307) is amended by striking ‘‘The provisions of this section’’ and all that follows through ‘‘of the United States.’’. 
(2) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendment 
made by paragraph (1) shall take effect on the date that is 15 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(b) R
EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 180 
days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter, the Commis-sioner responsible for U.S. Customs and Bor-der Protection shall submit to the Com-mittee on Finance of the Senate and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives a report on compliance with section 307 of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1307) that includes the following: 
(1) The number of instances in which mer-
chandise was denied entry pursuant to that section during the 1-year period preceding the submission of the report. 
(2) A description of the merchandise denied 
entry pursuant to that section. 
(3) Such other information as the Commis-
sioner considers appropriate with respect to monitoring and enforcing compliance with that section. 
SA 1342. Mr. RISCH submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end, add the following: 
TITLE øll ¿—DETERRING LABOR 
SLOWDOWNS 
SEC. øll ¿. DETERRING LABOR SLOWDOWNS. 
(a) A MENDMENTS TO THE NATIONAL LABOR  
RELATIONS ACT.—The National Labor Rela-
tions Act is amended— 
(1) in section 1 (29 U.S.C. 151), by adding at 
the end the following: 
‘‘International trade is one of the most im-
portant components of the economy of the United States and will likely continue to grow in the future. In order to remain com-petitive in an increasingly competitive glob-al economy, it is essential that the United States possess a highly efficient and reliable public and private transportation network. The ports of the United States are an in-creasingly important part of such transpor-tation network. Experience has dem-onstrated that frequent and periodic disrup-tions to commerce in the maritime industry in the form of deliberate and unprotected labor slowdowns at the ports of the United States have led to substantial and frequent economic disruption and loss, interfering with the free flow of domestic and inter-national commerce and threatening the eco-nomic health of the United States, as well as its citizens and businesses. Such frequent and periodic disruptions to commerce in the maritime industry hurt the reputation of the United States in the global economy, cause the ports of the United States to lose busi-ness, and represent a serious and burgeoning threat to the financial health and economic stability of the United States. It is hereby 
declared to be the policy of the United States to eliminate the causes and mitigate the effects of such disruptions to commerce in the maritime industry and to provide ef-fective and prompt remedies to individuals injured by such disruptions.’’; 
(2) in section 2 (29 U.S.C. 152), by adding at 
the end the following: 
‘‘(15) The term ‘employee engaged in mari-
time employment’ has the meaning given the term ‘employee’ in section 2(3) of the Longshore and Harbor Workers’ Compensa-tion Act (33 U.S.C. 902(3)). 
‘‘(16) The term ‘labor slowdown’— ‘‘(A) includes any intentional effort by em-
ployees to reduce productivity or efficiency in the performance of any duty of such em-ployees; and 
‘‘(B) does not include any such effort re-
quired by the good faith belief of such em-ployees that an abnormally dangerous condi-tion exists at the place of employment of such employees.’’; 
(3) in section 8(b) (29 U.S.C. 158(b)), by add-
ing at the end the following: 
‘‘(8) in representing, or seeking to rep-
resent, employees engaged in maritime em-ployment, to engage in a labor slowdown at any time, including when a collective-bar-gaining agreement is in effect.’’; 
(4) in section 9 (29 U.S.C. 159), by adding at 
the end the following: 
‘‘(f) E
FFECT OF LABOR SLOWDOWNS .—If a 
labor organization has been found, pursuant to a final order of the Board, to have vio-lated section 8(b)(8), the Board shall— 
‘‘(1) revoke the exclusive recognition or 
certification of the labor organization, which shall immediately cease to be entitled to represent the employees in the bargaining unit of such labor organization; or 
‘‘(2) take other appropriate disciplinary ac-
tion.’’; and 
(5) in section 10(l) (29 U.S.C. 160(l)), in the 
first sentence, by striking ‘‘or section 8(b)(7)’’ and inserting ‘‘or paragraph (7) or (8) of section 8(b)’’. 
(b) A
MENDMENT TO THE LABOR MANAGEMENT  
RELATIONS ACT, 1947.—Section 303 of the 
Labor Management Relations Act, 1947 (29 U.S.C. 187) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘in sec-
tion 8(b)(4)’’ and inserting ‘‘under paragraph (4) or (8) of section 8(b)’’; 
(2) in subsection (b), by inserting ‘‘, includ-
ing reasonable attorney fees for a violation under section 8(b)(8) of the National Labor Relations Act (29 U.S.C. 158(b)(8))’’ before the period; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(c) In an action for damages resulting 
from a violation of section 8(b)(8) of the Na-tional Labor Relations Act (29 U.S.C. 158(b)(8)), it shall not be a defense that the injured party has, in any manner, waived, or purported to waive, the right of such party to pursue monetary damages relating to the labor slowdown at issue— 
‘‘(1) in connection with a contractual 
grievance alleging a violation of a clause prohibiting a strike, or a similar clause, in a collective-bargaining agreement; or 
‘‘(2) in connection with an action for a 
breach of such a clause under section 301.’’. 
SA 1343. Mr. SANDERS submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. ll. PROTECTING THE UNITED STATES 
POSTAL SERVICE. 
(a) M ORATORIUM ON CLOSING OR CONSOLI -
DATING POSTAL FACILITIES .—During the 2- 
year period beginning on the date of enact-ment of this Act, the United States Postal Service may not close or consolidate any processing and distribution center, proc-essing and distribution facility, network dis-tribution center, or other facility that is op-erated by the United States Postal Service, the primary function of which is to sort and process mail. 
(b) R
EINSTATEMENT OF OVERNIGHT SERVICE  
STANDARDS .—During the 2-year period begin-
ning on the date of enactment of this Act, the United States Postal Service shall apply the service standards for first-class mail and periodicals under part 121 of title 39, Code of Federal Regulations, that were in effect on July 1, 2012. 
SA 1344. Mr. SANDERS submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end, add the following: 
TITLE III—MISCELLANEOUS 
SEC. 301. WITHDRAWAL OF NORMAL TRADE RE-
LATIONS TREATMENT FROM THE PEOPLE’S REPUBLIC OF CHINA. 
Notwithstanding the provisions of title I of 
the Act to authorize extension of non-discriminatory treatment (normal trade re-lations treatment) to the People’s Republic of China, and to establish a framework for relations between the United States and the People’s Republic of China (Public Law 106– 286; 114 Stat. 880), or any other provision of law, effective on the date of the enactment of this Act— 
(1) normal trade relations treatment shall 
not apply pursuant to section 101 of that Act to the products of the People’s Republic of China; 
(2) normal trade relations treatment may 
thereafter be extended to the products of that country only in accordance with the provisions of chapter 1 of title IV of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2431 et seq.), as in effect with respect to the products of the People’s Republic of China on the day before the effective date of the accession of the People’s Republic of China to the World Trade Organization; and 
(3) the extension of waiver authority that 
was in effect with respect to the People’s Re-public of China under section 402(d)(1) of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2432(d)(1)) on the day before the effective date of the accession of the People’s Republic of China to the World Trade Organization shall, upon the en-actment of this Act, be deemed not to have expired, and shall continue in effect until the date that is 90 days after the date of such en-actment. 
SA 1345. Mr. SANDERS submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:11 Feb 12, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAY 15\S18MY5.REC S18MY5bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2999 May 18, 2015 
At the end, add the following: 
TITLE III—UNITED STATES EMPLOYEE 
OWNERSHIP BANK 
SECTION 301. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘United 
States Employee Ownership Bank Act’’. 
SEC. 302. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds that— 
(1) between January 2000 and February 
2015, the manufacturing sector lost 4,963,000 jobs; 
(2) as of February 2015, only 12,321,000 
workers in the United States were employed in the manufacturing sector, lower than July 1941; 
(3) at the end of 2014, the United States had 
a trade deficit of $505,047,000,000, including a record-breaking $342,632,500,000 trade deficit with China; 
(4) preserving and increasing decent paying 
jobs must be a top priority of Congress; 
(5) providing loan guarantees, direct loans, 
and technical assistance to employees to buy their own companies will preserve and in-crease employment in the United States; and 
(6) the time has come to establish the 
United States Employee Ownership Bank to preserve and expand jobs in the United States through Employee Stock Ownership Plans and worker-owned cooperatives. 
SEC. 303. DEFINITIONS. 
In this title— (1) the term ‘‘Bank’’ means the United 
States Employee Ownership Bank, estab-lished under section 304; 
(2) the term ‘‘eligible worker-owned coop-
erative’’ has the meaning given that term in section 1042(c) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986; 
(3) the term ‘‘employee stock ownership 
plan’’ has the meaning given that term in section 4975(e) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986; and 
(4) the term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Sec-
retary of the Treasury. 
SEC. 304. ESTABLISHMENT OF UNITED STATES 
EMPLOYEE OWNERSHIP BANK WITH-IN THE DEPARTMENT OF THE TREASURY. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT OF BANK.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall establish the United States Employee Ownership Bank to foster in-creased employee ownership of United States companies and greater employee participa-tion in company decision-making through-out the United States. 
(2) O
RGANIZATION OF THE BANK .— 
(A) M ANAGEMENT .—The Secretary shall ap-
point a Director to serve as the head of the Bank, who shall serve at the pleasure of the Secretary. 
(B) S
TAFF .—The Director may select, ap-
point, employ, and fix the compensation of the employees that are necessary to carry out the functions of the Bank. 
(b) D
UTIES OF BANK.—The Bank is author-
ized to provide loans, on a direct or guaran-teed basis, which may be subordinated to the interests of all other creditors— 
(1) to purchase a company through an em-
ployee stock ownership plan or an eligible worker-owned cooperative, which shall be not less than 51 percent employee-owned, or will become not less than 51 percent em-ployee-owned as a result of financial assist-ance from the Bank; 
(2) to allow a company that is less than 51 
percent employee-owned to become not less than 51 percent employee-owned; 
(3) to allow a company that is not less than 
51 percent employee-owned to increase the level of employee ownership at the company; and 
(4) to allow a company that is not less than 
51 percent employee-owned to expand oper-ations and increase or preserve employment. (c) P
RECONDITIONS .—Before the Bank 
makes any subordinated loan or guarantees a loan under subsection (b)(1), a business plan shall be submitted to the Bank that— 
(1) shows that— (A) not less than 51 percent of all interests 
in the company is or will be owned or con-trolled by an employee stock ownership plan or eligible worker-owned cooperative; 
(B) the board of directors of the company 
is or will be elected by shareholders on a 1 share to 1 vote basis or by members of the el-igible worker-owned cooperative on a 1 mem-ber to 1 vote basis, except that shares held by the employee stock ownership plan will be voted according to section 409(e) of the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986, with partici-pants providing voting instructions to the trustee of the employee stock ownership plan in accordance with the terms of the em-ployee stock ownership plan and the require-ments of that section 409(e); and 
(C) all employees will receive basic infor-
mation about company progress and have the opportunity to participate in day-to-day operations; and 
(2) includes a feasibility study from an ob-
jective third party with a positive deter-mination that the employee stock ownership plan or eligible worker-owned cooperative will generate enough of a margin to pay back any loan, subordinated loan, or loan guar-antee that was made possible through the Bank. 
(d) T
ERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR LOANS AND  
LOAN GUARANTEES .—Notwithstanding any 
other provision of law, a loan that is pro-vided or guaranteed under this section shall— 
(1) bear interest at an annual rate, as de-
termined by the Secretary— 
(A) in the case of a direct loan provided 
under this section— 
(i) sufficient to cover the cost of borrowing 
to the Department of the Treasury for obli-gations of comparable maturity; or 
(ii) of 4 percent; and (B) in the case of a loan guaranteed under 
this section, in an amount that is equal to the current applicable market rate for a loan of comparable maturity; and 
(2) have a term of not more than 12 years. 
SEC. 305. EMPLOYEE RIGHT OF FIRST REFUSAL 
BEFORE PLANT OR FACILITY CLOS-ING. 
Section 3 of the Worker Adjustment and 
Retraining Notification Act (29 U.S.C. 2102) is amended— 
(1) in the heading, by inserting: ‘‘ ; 
EM-
PLOYEE STOCK OWNERSHIP PLANS OR ELIGIBLE  
WORKER -OWNED COOPERATIVES ’’ after ‘‘lay-
offs’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(e) E MPLOYEE STOCK OWNERSHIP PLANS  
AND ELIGIBLE WORKER -OWNED COOPERA -
TIVES .— 
‘‘(1) G ENERAL RULE .—If an employer orders 
a plant or facility closing in connection with the termination of operations at the plant or facility, the employer shall offer its employ-ees an opportunity to purchase the plant or facility through an employee stock owner-ship plan (as that term is defined in section 4975(e) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986) or an eligible worker-owned cooperative (as that term is defined in section 1042(c) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986) that is not less than 51 percent employee-owned. The value of the company that is to be the sub-ject of the plan or cooperative shall be the fair market value of the plant or facility, as determined by an appraisal by an inde-pendent third party jointly selected by the employer and the employees. The cost of the appraisal may be shared evenly between the employer and the employees. 
‘‘(2) E
XEMPTIONS .—Paragraph (1) shall not 
apply— ‘‘(A) if an employer orders a plant closing 
but will retain the assets of the plant to con-tinue or begin a business within the United States; or 
‘‘(B) if an employer orders a plant closing 
and the employer intends to continue the business conducted at the plant at another plant within the United States.’’. 
SEC. 306. REGULATIONS ON SAFETY AND SOUND-
NESS AND PREVENTING COMPETI-TION WITH COMMERCIAL INSTITU-TIONS. 
Not later than 90 days after the date of en-
actment of this Act, the Secretary shall pre-scribe such regulations as are necessary to implement this title and the amendments made by this title, including— 
(1) regulations to ensure the safety and 
soundness of the Bank; and 
(2) regulations to ensure that the Bank 
will not compete with commercial financial institutions. 
SEC. 307. COMMUNITY REINVESTMENT CREDIT. 
Section 804 of the Community Reinvest-
ment Act of 1977 (12 U.S.C. 2903) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(e) E
STABLISHMENT OF EMPLOYEE STOCK  
OWNERSHIP PLANS AND ELIGIBLE WORKER - 
OWNED COOPERATIVES .—In assessing and tak-
ing into account, under subsection (a), the record of a financial institution, the appro-priate Federal financial supervisory agency 
may consider as a factor capital invest-ments, loans, loan participation, technical assistance, financial advice, grants, and other ventures undertaken by the institution to support or enable employees to establish employee stock ownership plans or eligible worker-owned cooperatives (as those terms are defined in sections 4975(e) and 1042(c) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, respec-tively), that are not less than 51 percent em-ployee-owned plans or cooperatives.’’. 
SEC. 308. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
There are authorized to be appropriated to 
the Secretary to carry out this title— 
(1) $500,000,000 for fiscal year 2016; and (2) such sums as may be necessary for each 
fiscal year thereafter. 
SA 1346. Mr. BOOKER submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of section 105(a), insert the fol-
lowing: 
(6) R EPORT ON POTENTIAL UNITED STATES  
TRADING PARTNERS .— 
(A) R EQUIREMENT FOR REPORT .—Not later 
than 45 days prior to the date the President initiates negotiations for a trade agreement with a country, the Chairman of the United States International Trade Commission shall prepare and submit to Congress a report on market access opportunities and challenges arising from such trade agreement. 
(B) C
ONTENT .—Each report required by sub-
paragraph (A) shall assess— 
(i) tariff and nontariff barriers, policies, 
and practices of the government of the coun-try; 
(ii) expected opportunities for United 
States exports to the country if such tariff and nontariff barriers are eliminated; and 
(iii) the potential impact of the trade 
agreement on aggregate employment and job displacement of workers in the United States and the country. 
(C) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY OF REPORT .—Each 
report required by subparagraph (A) shall be made available to the public. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:31 May 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18MY6.043 S18MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3000 May 18, 2015 
SA 1347. Mr. MENENDEZ submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
After section 106, insert the following: 
SEC. 107. WITHDRAWAL FROM TRADE AGREE-
MENTS THAT LEAD TO OUTSOURC-ING OF MANUFACTURING JOBS. 
(a) N OTIFICATIONS OF DECREASE IN MANU-
FACTURING EMPLOYMENT BY CONGRESSIONAL  
BUDGET OFFICE .—The Director of the Con-
gressional Budget Office shall notify Con-gress if, at any time during the 3-year period beginning on the date on which a trade agreement entered into under section 103(b) enters into force, the Director determines that manufacturing employment in the United States has decreased by 100,000 jobs or more since the entry into force of the agreement. 
(b) W
ITHDRAWAL .—The United States shall 
withdraw from a trade agreement entered into under section 103(b) on the date of the enactment of a joint resolution of with-drawal under subsection (c) with respect to that agreement. 
(c) J
OINT RESOLUTION OF WITHDRAWAL .— 
(1) J OINT RESOLUTION OF WITHDRAWAL DE -
FINED .—In this subsection, the term ‘‘joint 
resolution of withdrawal’’, with respect to a trade agreement entered into under section 103(b), means only a joint resolution of ei-ther House of Congress the sole matter after the resolving clause of which is as follows: ‘‘That the United States withdraws from the trade agreement with lllll .’’, with the 
blank space being filled with the country or countries that are parties to the agreement. 
(2) I
NTRODUCTION .—During the 60-day pe-
riod beginning on the date on which the Di-rector submits to Congress a notification under subsection (a), any Member of the House or Senate may introduce a joint reso-lution of withdrawal. 
(3) C
OMMITTEE REFERRAL .—A joint resolu-
tion of withdrawal shall not be referred to a committee in the House of Representatives or the Senate. 
(4) F
LOOR CONSIDERATION .—The provisions 
of subsections (d) and (e) of section 152 of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2192) (relating to the floor consideration of certain resolutions in the House and Senate) apply to a joint resolution of withdrawal to the same extent such provisions apply to joint resolutions under subsection (a) of that section. 
SA 1348. Mr. MENENDEZ (for himself 
and Mr. B ROWN ) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of section 102(b), add the fol-
lowing: 
(21) W ORST FORMS OF CHILD LABOR .—The 
principal negotiating objectives of the United States with respect to the worst forms of child labor are— 
(A) to prevent distortions in the conduct of 
international trade caused by the use of the worst forms of child labor, in whole or in part, in the production of goods for export in international commerce; and (B) to redress unfair and illegitimate com-
petition based upon the use of the worst forms of child labor, in whole or in part, in the production of goods for export in inter-national commerce, including by— 
(i) promoting universal ratification and 
full compliance by all trading partners of the United States with ILO Convention No. 182 Concerning the Prohibition and Immediate Action for the Elimination of the Worst Forms of Child Labor; 
(ii) clarifying the right under subsections 
(a) and (b) of Article XX of GATT 1994 to enact and enforce national measures that are necessary to protect public morals or to pro-tect human, animal, or plant life or health, including measures that limit or ban the im-portation of goods or services that are pro-duced through the use of the worst forms of child labor; 
(iii) ensuring that any multilateral or bi-
lateral trade agreement that is entered into by the United States requires all parties to such agreement to enact and enforce laws that satisfy their international legal obliga-tions to prevent the use of the worst forms of child labor, especially in the conduct of international trade; and 
(iv) providing for strong enforcement of 
laws that require all trading partners of the United States to prevent the use of the worst forms of child labor, especially in the con-duct of international trade, through acces-sible, expeditious, and effective civil, admin-istrative, and criminal enforcement mecha-nisms, including procedures to impound at the border or otherwise refuse entry of goods made, in whole or in part, through the use of the worst forms of child labor. 
SA 1349. Mr. MENENDEZ submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie 
on the table; as follows: 
In section 102(b)(1)(A), after ‘‘global value 
chains,’’ insert ‘‘especially those global value chains established under existing trade agreements,’’. 
SA 1350. Mr. MENENDEZ (for him-
self, Mr. U DALL , and Mr. B ROWN ) sub-
mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 pro-posed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 
1314, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to ad-verse determinations of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the end of section 102(b)(10), add the fol-
lowing: 
(J) to ensure that each party to a trade 
agreement implements all measures to bring its environmental laws and regulations into compliance with the agreement before the agreement enters into effect. 
SA 1351. Mr. MENENDEZ (for him-
self, Mr. U DALL , and Mr. B ROWN ) sub-
mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 pro-posed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 
1314, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to ad-verse determinations of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which 
was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the end of section 102(b)(10), add the fol-
lowing: 
(J) to ensure that each party to a trade 
agreement implements all measures to bring its labor laws and regulations into compli-ance with the agreement before the agree-ment enters into effect. 
SA 1352. Mr. MENENDEZ submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of section 106(b), add the fol-
lowing: 
(7) L IMITATIONS ON PROCEDURES WITH RE -
SPECT TO AGREEMENTS WITH COUNTRIES THAT  
DISCRIMINATE AGAINST LGBT INDIVIDUALS .— 
The trade authorities procedures shall not apply to any implementing bill submitted with respect to a trade agreement or trade agreements entered into under section 103(b) with a country that discriminates against lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgendered (LGBT) individuals. 
SA 1353. Mr. PETERS submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of section 105(f), add the fol-
lowing: 
(4) R EPORT ON FAIR TRADE INDEX .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Not later than one year 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the United States Trade Representative shall submit to Congress a report on each foreign country with which the United States has conducted negotiations under this title that— 
(i) analyzes the acts, policies, and practices 
of such foreign country that negatively im-pact the trade relationship of the United States with such foreign country; 
(ii) analyzes the adherence of such foreign 
country to international trade norms; 
(iii) assesses the compliance of such for-
eign country with fair trade factors (includ-ing the factors specified in subparagraph (B)); and 
(iv) ranks each such foreign country in 
order from most to least egregious violator of those fair trade factors. 
(B) F
AIR TRADE FACTORS .—The fair trade 
factors for each foreign country included in the report under subparagraph (A) shall in-clude the following: 
(i) An assessment of the extent to which 
that country manipulates the exchange rate for its currency, including an assessment of the following: 
(I) Whether that country had a current ac-
count surplus during the 180-day period pre-ceding the submission of the report. 
(II) Whether that country increased its for-
eign exchange reserves during that period. 
(III) Whether the amount of foreign ex-
change reserves of that country is more than the total value of exports from that country during a 3-month period. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:31 May 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18MY6.043 S18MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3001 May 18, 2015 
(IV) Such other factors as the United 
States Trade Representative considers ap-propriate. 
(ii) An assessment of the localization bar-
riers to trade with that country, including an assessment of the following: 
(I) Whether that country has formal legal 
and regulatory measures designed to protect, favor, or stimulate industries, service pro-viders, or intellectual property from that country at the expense of goods, services, or intellectual property from other countries, including local content requirements, sub-sidies, or other preferences available only if producers use local goods, locally-owned service providers, or locally-owned or devel-oped intellectual property. 
(II) Any requirements in that country to 
provide services using local facilities or in-frastructure. 
(III) Any measures taken by that country 
to promote the transfer of technology or in-tellectual property from foreign entities to domestic entities. 
(IV) Any requirements in that country to 
comply with standards specific to that coun-try or region that create unnecessary obsta-cles to trade. 
(V) Any requirements in that country to 
conduct duplicative conformity assessment procedures that the United States Trade Representative considers unjustified. 
(VI) Such other factors as the United 
States Trade Representative considers ap-propriate. 
(iii) An assessment of any other barriers to 
trade with that country, including consid-ering the ranking of that country in the Na-tional Trade Estimate submitted to Congress under section 181(b) of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2241(b)). 
(iv) An assessment of the extent to which 
that country protects intellectual property rights, including considering whether that country is identified by the United States Trade Representative under section 182 of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2242) as a country that denies adequate and effective protection of intellectual property rights or denies fair and equitable market access to United States persons that rely upon intel-lectual property rights protection. 
(v) An assessment of the extent to which 
that country exhibits discriminatory pref-erences for domestic production, including considering any findings of the Trade Policy Review Body of the World Trade Organiza-tion with respect to that country. 
(vi) An assessment of the labor rights and 
labor practices in that country, including the findings with respect to that country in-cluded in the report on labor rights required by subsection (d)(3). 
SA 1354. Mrs. BOXER (for herself, Mr. 
MARKEY , and Mr. B LUMENTHAL ) sub-
mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 pro-posed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 
1314, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to ad-verse determinations of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-
lows: 
On page 36, between lines 17 and 18, insert 
the following new principal negotiating ob-jective: 
(21) A
DDRESSING CLIMATE CHANGE .—All 
trade agreements to which the United States is a party shall recognize the right of all gov-ernments to regulate and enact laws in the interest of addressing climate change and the rights of all governments to exercise any legal rights or safeguards to reduce green-house gas emissions without the threat of 
trade-related penalties. 
SA 1355. Mrs. BOXER (for herself, Mr. 
MARKEY , and Mr. B LUMENTHAL ) sub-
mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 pro-posed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 
1314, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to ad-verse determinations of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
On page 15, between lines 17 and 18, insert 
the following: 
(I) ensuring that the procedures for resolv-
ing investor-state disputes involving claims for expected future profits or similar com-pensation related to the exercise by the United States or a State of any legal rights or safeguards to protect or provide for clean air, clean water, or safe food, including ac-tions under any existing or future law or reg-ulation, occur under the jurisdiction of a court of the United States or a State and not through the dispute settlement mechanism. 
SA 1356. Mrs. BOXER (for herself, Mr. 
MARKEY , and Mr. B LUMENTHAL ) sub-
mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 pro-posed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 
1314, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to ad-verse determinations of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
On page 15, between lines 17 and 18, insert 
the following: 
(I) ensuring that the procedures for resolv-
ing investor-state disputes involving claims for expected future profits or similar com-pensation related to the exercise by the United States or a State of any legal rights or safeguards to provide for reductions in children’s exposure to carcinogens and toxic substances in toys and other consumer prod-ucts, including actions under any existing or future law or regulation, occur under the ju-risdiction of a court of the United States or a State and not through the dispute settle-ment mechanism. 
SA 1357. Mrs. BOXER (for herself, Mr. 
MARKEY , and Mr. B LUMENTHAL ) sub-
mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 pro-posed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 
1314, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to ad-verse determinations of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-
lows: 
On page 15, between lines 17 and 18, insert 
the following: 
(I) ensuring that the procedures for resolv-
ing investor-state disputes involving claims for expected future profits or similar com-pensation related to the exercise by the United States or a State of any legal rights or safeguards to provide for reductions in ex-posure to substances that are known to cause cancer or other serious health impacts, including actions under any existing or fu-ture law or regulation, occur under the juris-diction of a court of the United States or a State and not through the dispute settle-ment mechanism. SA 1358. Mrs. BOXER (for herself, Mr. 
MARKEY , and Mr. B LUMENTHAL ) sub-
mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 pro-posed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 
1314, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to ad-verse determinations of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
On page 15, between lines 17 and 18, insert 
the following: 
(I) ensuring that the procedures for resolv-
ing investor-state disputes involving claims for expected future profits or similar com-pensation related to the exercise by the United States or a State of any legal rights or safeguards to provide for reductions in the pesticide residue levels on food, including ac-tions under any existing or future law or reg-ulation, occur under the jurisdiction of a court of the United States or a State and not through the dispute settlement mechanism. 
SA 1359. Mrs. BOXER (for herself, Mr. 
MARKEY , and Mr. B LUMENTHAL ) sub-
mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 pro-posed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 
1314, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to ad-verse determinations of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
On page 15, between lines 17 and 18, insert 
the following: 
(I) ensuring that the procedures for resolv-
ing investor-state disputes involving claims for expected future profits or similar com-pensation related to the exercise by the United States or a State of any legal rights or safeguards to provide for the reductions in the emission of, or exposure to, toxic air pol-lutants, including actions under any existing or future law or regulation, occur under the jurisdiction of a court of the United States or a State and not through the dispute set-tlement mechanism. 
SA 1360. Mrs. BOXER (for herself, Mr. 
MARKEY , and Mr. B LUMENTHAL ) sub-
mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 pro-posed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 
1314, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to ad-verse determinations of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
On page 15, between lines 17 and 18, insert 
the following: 
(I) ensuring that the procedures for resolv-
ing investor-state disputes involving claims for expected future profits or similar com-pensation related to the exercise by the United States or a State of any legal rights or safeguards to provide for the reductions in the exposure to asbestos, including actions under any existing or future law or regula-tion, occur under the jurisdiction of a court of the United States or a State and not through the dispute settlement mechanism. 
SA 1361. Mrs. BOXER submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:31 May 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18MY6.045 S18MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3002 May 18, 2015 
HATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of section 106(b), add the fol-
lowing: 
(7) L IMITATION ON TRADE AUTHORITIES PRO -
CEDURES FOR AGREEMENTS WITH CERTAIN  
COUNTRIES .—The trade authorities proce-
dures shall not apply to any implementing bill submitted with respect to a trade agree-ment or trade agreements entered into under section 103(b) with a country that has a min-imum wage that is less than $1.00 an hour, as determined by the Secretary of Labor. 
SA 1362. Mrs. BOXER (for herself, Mr. 
MARKEY , and Mr. B LUMENTHAL ) sub-
mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 pro-posed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 
1314, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to ad-verse determinations of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
On page 15, between lines 17 and 18, insert 
the following: 
(I) ensuring that the procedures for resolv-
ing investor-state disputes involving claims for expected future profits or similar com-pensation related to the exercise by the United States or a State of any legal rights or safeguards to provide for reductions in contaminants harmful to public health in drinking water, including actions under any existing or future law or regulation, occur under the jurisdiction of a court of the United States or a State and not through the dispute settlement mechanism. 
SA 1363. Mr. BOOKER submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain 
organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end, add the following: 
TITLE III—MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS 
Subtitle A—Tax Credit for Apprenticeship 
Programs 
SEC. 301. CREDIT FOR EMPLOYEES PARTICI-
PATING IN QUALIFIED APPRENTICE-SHIP PROGRAMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subpart D of part IV of 
subchapter A of chapter 1 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 45S. EMPLOYEES PARTICIPATING IN QUALI-
FIED APPRENTICESHIP PROGRAMS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—For purposes of section 
38, the apprenticeship credit determined under this section for the taxable year is an amount equal to the sum of the applicable credit amounts (as determined under sub-section (b)) for each of apprentice of the em-ployer that exceeds the applicable appren-ticeship level (as determined under sub-section (e)) during such taxable year. 
‘‘(b) A
PPLICABLE CREDIT AMOUNT .—For pur-
poses of subsection (a), the applicable credit amount for each apprentice for each taxable year is equal to— 
‘‘(1) $1,500, in the case of an apprentice 
who— ‘‘(A) has not attained 25 years of age at the 
close of the taxable year, or 
‘‘(B) is certified as eligible to apply for ad-
justment assistance under section 222 of the Trade Act of 1974, and 
‘‘(2) $1,000, in the case of any apprentice 
not described in paragraph (1). 
‘‘(c) L
IMITATION ON NUMBER OF YEARS  
WHICH CREDIT MAYBETAKEN INTO AC-
COUNT .—The apprenticeship credit shall not 
be allowed for more than 2 taxable years with respect to any apprentice. 
‘‘(d) A
PPRENTICE .—For purposes of this sec-
tion, the term ‘apprentice’ means any em-ployee who is employed by the employer— 
‘‘(1) in an officially recognized 
apprenticeable occupation, as determined by the Office of Apprenticeship of the Employ-ment and Training Administration of the De-partment of Labor, and 
‘‘(2) pursuant to an apprentice agreement 
registered with— 
‘‘(A) the Office of Apprenticeship of the 
Employment and Training Administration of the Department of Labor, or 
‘‘(B) a recognized State apprenticeship 
agency, as determined by the Office of Ap-prenticeship of the Employment and Train-ing Administration of the Department of Labor. 
‘‘(e) A
PPLICABLE APPRENTICESHIP LEVEL .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—For purposes this sec-
tion, the applicable apprenticeship level shall be equal to— 
‘‘(A) in the case of any apprentice de-
scribed in subsection (b)(1), the amount equal to 80 percent of the average number of such apprentices of the employer for the 3 taxable years preceding the taxable year for which the credit is being determined, round-ed to the next lower whole number; and 
‘‘(B) in the case of any apprentices de-
scribed in subsection (b)(2), the amount equal to 80 percent of the average number of such apprentices of the employer for the 3 taxable years preceding the taxable year for which the credit is being determined, round-ed to the next lower whole number. 
‘‘(2) F
IRST YEAR OF NEW APPRENTICESHIP  
PROGRAMS .—In the case of an employer 
which did not have any apprentices during any taxable year in the 3 taxable years pre-ceding the taxable year for which the credit is being determined, the applicable appren-ticeship level shall be equal to zero. 
‘‘(f) C
OORDINATION WITHOTHER CREDITS .— 
The amount of credit otherwise allowable under sections 45A, 51(a), and 1396(a) with re-spect to any employee shall be reduced by the credit allowed by this section with re-spect to such employee. 
‘‘(g) C
ERTAIN RULES TOAPPLY .—Rules 
similar to the rules of subsections (i)(1) and (k) of section 51 shall apply for purposes of this section.’’. 
(b) C
REDIT MADE PART OF GENERAL BUSI-
NESS CREDIT .—Subsection (b) of section 38 of 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ‘‘plus’’ at the end of paragraph (35), by striking the period at the end of paragraph (36) and inserting ‘‘, plus’’, and by adding at the end the following new para-graph: 
‘‘(37) the apprenticeship credit determined 
under section 45S(a).’’. 
(c) D
ENIAL OF DOUBLE BENEFIT .—Sub-
section (a) of section 280C of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by inserting ‘‘45S(a),’’ after ‘‘45P(a),’’. 
(d) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
sections for subpart D of part IV of sub-chapter A of chapter 1 of the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new item: 
‘‘Sec. 45S. Employees participating in quali-
fied apprenticeship programs.’’. 
(e) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall apply to individ-uals commencing apprenticeship programs 
after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(f) L IMITATION ON GOVERNMENT PRINTING  
COSTS.—Not later than 90 days after the date 
of enactment of this Act, the Director of the Office of Management and Budget shall co-ordinate with the heads of Federal depart-ments and independent agencies to— 
(1) determine which Government publica-
tions could be available on Government websites and no longer printed and to devise a strategy to reduce overall Government printing costs over the 10-year period begin-ning with fiscal year 2015, except that the Di-rector shall ensure that essential printed documents prepared for social security re-cipients, medicare beneficiaries, and other populations in areas with limited Internet access or use continue to remain available; 
(2) establish government wide Federal 
guidelines on employee printing; and 
(3) issue guidelines requiring every depart-
ment, agency, commission, or office to list at a prominent place near the beginning of each publication distributed to the public and issued or paid for by the Federal Govern-ment— 
(A) the name of the issuing agency, depart-
ment, commission, or office; 
(B) the total number of copies of the docu-
ment printed; 
(C) the collective cost of producing and 
printing all of the copies of the document; and 
(D) the name of the entity publishing the 
document. 
Subtitle B—Build America Bonds 
SEC. 311. BUILD AMERICA BONDS MADE PERMA-
NENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subparagraph (B) of sec-
tion 54AA(d)(1) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by inserting ‘‘or during a 
period beginning on or after the date of the enactment of the Bipartisan Congressional Trade Priorities and Accountability Act of 2015,’’ after ‘‘January 1, 2011,’’. 
(b) R
EDUCTION IN CREDIT PERCENTAGE TO  
BONDHOLDERS .—Subsection (b) of section 
54AA of such Code is amended to read as fol-lows: 
‘‘(b) A
MOUNT OF CREDIT .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The amount of the credit 
determined under this subsection with re-spect to any interest payment date for a build America bond is the applicable per-centage of the amount of interest payable by the issuer with respect to such date. 
‘‘(2) A
PPLICABLE PERCENTAGE .—For pur-
poses of paragraph (1), the applicable per-centage shall be determined under the fol-lowing table: 
‘‘In the case of a bond 
issued The applicable 
during calendar 
year: percentage is: 
2009 or 2010 ...................................... 35
2014 .................................................. 312015 .................................................. 302016 .................................................. 292017 and thereafter .......................... 28.’’. (c) S
PECIAL RULES .—Subsection (f) of sec-
tion 54AA of such Code is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: 
‘‘(3) A
PPLICATION OF OTHER RULES .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any 
other provision of law, a build America bond shall be considered a recovery zone economic development bond (as defined in section 1400U–2) for purposes of application of sec-tion 1601 of title I of division B of Public Law 111–5 (26 U.S.C. 54C note). 
‘‘(B) P
UBLIC TRANSPORTATION PROJECTS .— 
Recipients of any financial assistance au-thorized under this section that funds public transportation projects, as defined in Title 49, United States Code, must comply with the grant requirements described under sec-tion 5309 of such title.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:31 May 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18MY6.046 S18MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3003 May 18, 2015 
(d) E XTENSION OF PAYMENTS TO ISSUERS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 6431 of such Code 
is amended— 
(A) by inserting ‘‘or during a period begin-
ning on or after the date of the enactment of the Bipartisan Congressional Trade Prior-ities and Accountability Act of 2015,’’ after ‘‘January 1, 2011,’’ in subsection (a), and 
(B) by striking ‘‘before January 1, 2011’’ in 
subsection (f)(1)(B) and inserting ‘‘during a particular period’’. 
(2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Subsection 
(g) of section 54AA of such Code is amended— 
(A) by inserting ‘‘or during a period begin-
ning on or after the date of the enactment of the Bipartisan Congressional Trade Prior-ities and Accountability Act of 2015,’’ after ‘‘January 1, 2011,’’, and 
(B) by striking ‘‘Q
UALIFIED BONDS ISSUED  
BEFORE 2011’’ in the heading and inserting 
‘‘CERTAIN QUALIFIED BONDS ’’. 
(e) R EDUCTION IN PERCENTAGE OF PAYMENTS  
TOISSUERS .—Subsection (b) of section 6431 of 
such Code is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘The Secretary’’ and insert-
ing the following: 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary’’, 
(2) by striking ‘‘35 percent’’ and inserting 
‘‘the applicable percentage’’, and 
(3) by adding at the end the following new 
paragraph: 
‘‘(2) A PPLICABLE PERCENTAGE .—For pur-
poses of this subsection, the term ‘applicable percentage’ means the percentage deter-mined in accordance with the following table: 
‘‘In the case of a 
qualified bond The applicable 
issued during cal-
endar year: percentage is: 
2009 or 2010 ...................................... 35
2014 .................................................. 312015 .................................................. 302016 .................................................. 292017 and thereafter .......................... 28.’’. (f) C
URRENT REFUNDINGS PERMITTED .—Sub-
section (g) of section 54AA of such Code is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: 
‘‘(3) T
REATMENT OF CURRENT REFUNDING  
BONDS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—For purposes of this sub-
section, the term ‘qualified bond’ includes any bond (or series of bonds) issued to refund a qualified bond if— 
‘‘(i) the average maturity date of the issue 
of which the refunding bond is a part is not later than the average maturity date of the bonds to be refunded by such issue, 
‘‘(ii) the amount of the refunding bond does 
not exceed the outstanding amount of the re-funded bond, and 
‘‘(iii) the refunded bond is redeemed not 
later than 90 days after the date of the issuance of the refunding bond. 
‘‘(B) A
PPLICABLE PERCENTAGE .—In the case 
of a refunding bond referred to in subpara-graph (A), the applicable percentage with re-spect to such bond under section 6431(b) shall be the lowest percentage specified in para-graph (2) of such section. 
‘‘(C) D
ETERMINATION OF AVERAGE MATU -
RITY.—For purposes of subparagraph (A)(i), 
average maturity shall be determined in ac-cordance with section 147(b)(2)(A). 
‘‘(D) I
SSUANCE RESTRICTION NOT APPLICA -
BLE.—Subsection (d)(1)(B) shall not apply to 
a refunding bond referred to in subparagraph (A).’’. 
(g) C
LARIFICATION RELATED TO LEVEES AND  
FLOOD CONTROL PROJECTS .—Subparagraph 
(A) of section 54AA(g)(2) of such Code is amended by inserting ‘‘(including capital ex-penditures for levees and other flood control projects)’’ after ‘‘capital expenditures’’. 
(h) G
ROSS-UPO F PAYMENT TO ISSUERS IN  
CASE OF SEQUESTRATION .—In the case of any payment under section 6431(b) of the Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 made after the date of the enactment of this Act to which seques-tration applies, the amount of such payment shall be increased to an amount equal to— 
(1) such payment (determined before such 
sequestration), multiplied by 
(2) the quotient obtained by dividing 1 by 
the amount by which 1 exceeds the percent-age reduction in such payment pursuant to such sequestration. 
For purposes of this subsection, the term 
‘‘sequestration’’ means any reduction in di-rect spending ordered in accordance with a sequestration report prepared by the Direc-tor of the Office and Management and Budg-et pursuant to the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 or the Statutory Pay-As-You-Go Act of 2010. 
(i) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall apply to obliga-tions issued on or after the date of the enact-ment of this Act. 
Subtitle C—Export Promotion Reform 
SEC. 321. IMPROVED COORDINATION OF EXPORT 
PROMOTION ACTIVITIES OF FED-ERAL AGENCIES THROUGH TRADE PROMOTION COORDINATING COM-MITTEE. 
(a) D UTIES OF COMMITTEE .—Section 2312(b) 
of the Export Enhancement Act of 1988 (15 U.S.C. 4727(b)) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘and’’ 
after the semicolon; 
(2) by redesignating paragraph (6) as para-
graph (7); and 
(3) by inserting after paragraph (5) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(4) in making the assessments under para-
graph (5), review the proposed annual budget of each agency described in that paragraph under procedures established by the TPCC for such review, before the agency submits that budget to the Office of Management and Budget and the President for inclusion in the budget of the President submitted to Con-gress under section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code; and’’. 
(b) S
TRATEGIC PLAN.—Section 2312(c) of the 
Export Enhancement Act of 1988 is amend-ed— 
(1) by redesignating paragraphs (3) through 
(6) as paragraphs (4) through (7), respec-tively; and 
(2) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(3) in conducting the review and devel-
oping the plan under paragraph (2), take into account recommendations from a represent-ative number of United States exporters, in particular small businesses and medium- sized businesses, and representatives of United States workers;’’. 
(c) I
MPLEMENTATION .—Section 2312 of the 
Export Enhancement Act of 1988 is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(g) I
MPLEMENTATION .—The President shall 
take such steps as are necessary to provide the chairperson of the TPCC with the au-thority to ensure that the TPCC carries out each of its duties under subsection (b) and develops and implements the strategic plan under subsection (c).’’. 
(d) S
MALL BUSINESS DEFINED .—Section 2312 
of the Export Enhancement Act of 1988, as amended by subsection (c), is further amend-ed by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(h) S
MALL BUSINESS DEFINED .—In this sec-
tion, the term ‘small business’ means a small business concern as defined under section 3 of the Small Business Act (15 25 U.S.C. 632).’’. 
SEC. 322. EFFECTIVE DEPLOYMENT OF UNITED 
STATES COMMERCIAL SERVICE RE-SOURCES IN FOREIGN OFFICES. 
Section 2301(c)(4) of the Export Enhance-
ment Act of 1988 (15 U.S.C. 4721(c)(4)) is amended— (1) by redesignating subparagraphs (B) 
through (F) as subparagraphs (C) through (G), respectively; and 
(2) by striking ‘‘(4) F
OREIGN OFFICES .—(A) 
The Secretary may’’ and inserting the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(4) F
OREIGN OFFICES .—(A)(i) In consulta-
tion with the Trade Promotion Coordinating Committee established under section 2312(a), the Secretary shall, not less frequently than once every 5 years— 
‘‘(I) conduct a global assessment of over-
seas markets to identify those markets with the greatest potential for increasing United States exports; and 
‘‘(II) deploy Commercial Service personnel 
and other resources on the basis of the global assessment conducted under subclause (I). 
‘‘(ii) Each global assessment conducted 
under clause (i)(I) shall take into account recommendations from a representative number of United States exporters, in par-ticular small businesses (as defined in sec-tion 2312(h)) and medium-sized businesses, and representatives of United States work-ers. 
‘‘(iii) Not later than 180 days after the date 
of the enactment of the Bipartisan Congres-sional Trade Priorities and Accountability Act of 2015, and not less frequently than once every 5 years thereafter, the Secretary shall submit to Congress the results of the most recent global assessment conducted under clause (i)(I) and a plan for deployment of per-sonnel and resources under clause (i)(II) on the basis of that global assessment. 
‘‘(B) The Secretary may’’’. 
SEC. 323. STRENGTHENED COMMERCIAL DIPLO-
MACY IN SUPPORT OF UNITED STATES EXPORTS. 
(a) D EVELOPMENT OF PLAN.—Section 207(c) 
of the Foreign Service Act of 1980 (22 U.S.C. 3927(c)) is amended by inserting before the period at the end the following: ‘‘, including through the development of a plan, drafted in consultation with the Trade Promotion Coordinating Committee established under section 2312(a) of the Export Enhancement Act of 1988 (15 U.S.C. 4727(a)), for effective di-plomacy to remove or reduce obstacles to ex-ports of United States goods and services’’. 
(b) A
SSESSMENTS AND PROMOTIONS .—Sec-
tion 603 of the Foreign Service Act of 1980 (22 U.S.C. 4003) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (b), by striking the second 
sentence; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(c)(1) Precepts for selection boards re-
sponsible for recommending promotions into and within the Senior Foreign Service shall emphasize performance which demonstrates the strong policy formulation capabilities, executive leadership qualities, and highly de-veloped functional and area expertise, which are required for the Senior Foreign Service. 
‘‘(2) Precepts described in paragraph (1) re-
lated to functional and area expertise shall include, with respect to members of the Service with responsibilities relating to eco-nomic affairs, expertise on the effectiveness of efforts to promote the export of United States goods and services in accordance with a commercial diplomacy plan developed pur-suant to section 207(c).’’. 
(c) I
NSPECTOR GENERAL .—Section 209(b) of 
the Foreign Service Act of 1980 (22 U.S.C. 3929(b)) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘and’’ at 
the end; 
(2) by redesignating paragraph (5) as para-
graph (6); and 
(3) by inserting after paragraph (4) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(5) the effectiveness of commercial diplo-
macy relating to the promotion of exports of United States goods and services; and’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:31 May 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18MY6.047 S18MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3004 May 18, 2015 
Subtitle D—STEM Education 
SEC. 331. GRANTS FOR STEM EDUCATION. 
(a) P URPOSE .—The purpose of this section 
is to improve student academic achievement in science, technology, engineering, and mathematics, including computer science, by— 
(1) improving instruction in such subjects 
through grade 12; 
(2) improving student engagement in, and 
increasing student access to, such subjects; 
(3) improving the quality and effectiveness 
of classroom instruction by recruiting, train-ing, and supporting highly rated teachers and providing robust tools and supports for students and teachers in such subjects; and 
(4) closing student achievement gaps, and 
preparing more students to be college and career ready in such subjects. 
(b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) T ERMS IN THE ESEA .—The terms ‘‘ele-
mentary school’’, ‘‘secondary school’’, ‘‘Sec-retary’’, and ‘‘State educational agency’’ shall have the meanings given the terms in section 9101 of the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7801). 
(2) E
LIGIBLE ENTITY .—The term ‘‘eligible 
entity’’ means— 
(A) a State educational agency; or (B) a State educational agency in partner-
ship with 1 or more State educational agen-cies. 
(3) S
TATE .—The term ‘‘State’’ means— 
(A) any of the 50 States; (B) the District of Columbia; (C) the Bureau of Indian Education; or (D) the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico. 
(c) R
ESERVATIONS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—From the amounts appro-
priated for this section for a fiscal year, the Secretary shall reserve— 
(A) not more than 2 percent to provide 
technical assistance to States under this sec-tion; 
(B) not more than 5 percent for State ca-
pacity-building grants under this section, if the Secretary is awarding such grants in ac-cordance with paragraph (2); and 
(C) 10 percent for STEM Master Teacher 
Corps programs described under subsection (g)(2). 
(2) C
APACITY -BUILDING GRANTS .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—In any year for which 
funding is distributed competitively, as de-scribed in subsection (e)(1), the Secretary may award 1 capacity-building grant to each State that does not receive a grant under subsection (e), on a competitive basis, to en-able such State to become more competitive in future years. 
(B) D
URATION .—Grants awarded under sub-
paragraph (A) shall be for a period of 1 year. 
(d) F ORMULA GRANTS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—For each fiscal year for 
which the amount appropriated to carry out this section, and not reserved under sub-section (c)(1), is equal to or more than $300,000,000, the Secretary shall award grants to States, based on the formula described in paragraph (2) to carry out activities de-scribed in subsection (g)(1). 
(2) D
ISTRIBUTION OF FUNDS .—The Secretary 
shall allot to each State— 
(A) an amount that bears the same rela-
tionship to 35 percent of the excess amount described in paragraph (1) as the number of individuals ages 5 through 17 in the State, as determined by the Secretary on the basis of the most recent satisfactory data, bears to the number of those individuals in all such States, as so determined; and 
(B) an amount that bears the same rela-
tionship to 65 percent of the excess amount as the number of individuals ages 5 through 17 from families with incomes below the pov-erty line in the State, as determined by the Secretary on the basis of the most recent satisfactory data, bears to the number of 
those individuals in all such States, as so de-termined. 
(3) F
UNDING MINIMUM .—No State receiving 
an allotment under this subsection may re-ceive less than 
1⁄2of 1 percent of the total 
amount allotted under paragraph (1) for a 
fiscal year. 
(4) P UERTO RICO .—The amount allotted 
under paragraph (2) to the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico for a fiscal year may not exceed 
1⁄2of 1 percent of the total amount allotted 
under paragraph (1) for such fiscal year. 
(5) R EALLOTMENT OF UNUSED FUNDS .—If a 
State does not successfully apply, the Sec-retary shall reallot the amount of the State’s allotment to the remaining States in accordance with this subsection. 
(e) C
OMPETITIVE GRANTS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—For each fiscal year for 
which the amount appropriated to carry out this section, and not reserved under sub-section (c)(1), is less than $300,000,000, the Secretary shall award grants, on a competi-tive basis, to eligible entities to enable such eligible entities to carry out the activities described in subsection (g)(1). 
(2) D
URATION .—Grants awarded under this 
subsection shall be for a period of not more than 3 years. 
(3) R
ENEWAL .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—If an eligible entity dem-
onstrates progress on the performance metrics established under subsection (h)(1), the Secretary may renew a grant for an addi-tional 2-year period. 
(B) R
EDUCED FUNDING .—Grant funds award-
ed under subparagraph (A) shall be awarded at a reduced amount. 
(f) A
PPLICATIONS .—Each eligible entity or 
State desiring a grant under this section, whether through a competitive grant under subsection (e) or through an allotment under subsection (d), shall submit an application to the Secretary at such time, in such manner, and accompanied by such information as the Secretary may require. 
(g) A
UTHORIZED ACTIVITIES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Each State or eligible en-
tity receiving a grant under this section shall use such grant funds to carry out ac-tivities to promote the subject fields of science, technology, engineering, and mathe-matics in elementary schools and secondary schools. 
(2) STEM 
MASTER TEACHER CORPS .—The 
Secretary shall use funds reserved in accord-ance with subsection (c)(1)(C) to establish STEM Master Teacher Corps programs, which shall be programs that— 
(A) elevate the status of the science, tech-
nology, engineering, and mathematics teach-ing profession by recognizing and rewarding outstanding teachers in those subjects; and 
(B) attract and retain effective science, 
technology, engineering, and mathematics teachers, particularly in high-need schools, by offering them additional compensation, instructional resources, and instructional leadership roles. 
(h) P
ERFORMANCE METRICS AND REPORT .— 
(1) P ERFORMANCE METRICS .—The Secretary, 
acting through the Director of the Institute of Education Sciences, shall establish per-formance metrics to evaluate the effective-ness of the activities carried out under this section. 
(2) A
NNUAL REPORT .—Each State or eligible 
entity that receives a grant under this sec-tion shall prepare and submit an annual re-port to the Secretary, which shall include in-formation relevant to the performance metrics described in paragraph (1). 
(i) E
VALUATION .—The Secretary shall— 
(1) acting through the Director of the In-
stitute of Education Sciences, and in con-sultation with the Director of the National Science Foundation— (A) evaluate the implementation and im-
pact of the activities supported under this section, including progress measured by the metrics established under subsection (h)(1); and 
(B) identify best practices to improve in-
struction in science, technology, engineer-ing, and mathematics subjects; and 
(2) disseminate, in consultation with the 
National Science Foundation, research on best practices to improve instruction in science, technology, engineering, and mathe-matics subjects. 
SEC. 332. INNOVATIVE INSPIRATION SCHOOL 
GRANT PROGRAM. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) L OCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCY .—The term 
‘‘local educational agency’’ has the meaning given the term in section 9101 of the Elemen-tary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7801). 
(2) L
OW-INCOME STUDENT .—The term ‘‘low- 
income student’’ means a student who is eli-gible for a free or reduced price lunch under the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act (42 U.S.C. 1751 et seq.). 
(3) S
ECONDARY SCHOOL .—The term ‘‘sec-
ondary school’’ has the meaning given the term in section 9101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7801). 
(4) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ 
means the Secretary of Education. 
(5) STEM.—The term ‘‘STEM’’ means 
science, technology, engineering (including robotics), or mathematics, and includes the field of computer science. 
(6) N
ON-TRADITIONAL STEM TEACHING METH -
OD.—The term ‘‘non-traditional STEM teach-
ing method’’ means a STEM education meth-od or strategy such as incorporating self-di-rected student learning, inquiry-based learn-ing, cooperative learning in small groups, collaboration with mentors in the field of study, and participation in STEM-related competitions. 
(b) G
OALS OF PROGRAM .—The goals of the 
Innovation Inspiration grant program are— 
(1) to provide opportunities for local edu-
cational agencies to support non-traditional STEM teaching methods; 
(2) to support the participation of students 
in nonprofit STEM competitions; 
(3) to foster innovation and broaden inter-
est in, and access to, careers in the STEM fields by investing in programs supported by educators and professional mentors who re-ceive hands-on training and ongoing commu-nications that strengthen the interactions of the educators and mentors with— 
(A) students who are involved in STEM ac-
tivities; and 
(B) other students in the STEM classrooms 
and communities of such educators and men-tors; and 
(4) to encourage collaboration among stu-
dents, engineers, and professional mentors. 
(c) P
ROGRAM AUTHORIZED .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary is author-
ized to award grants, on a competitive basis, to local educational agencies to enable the local educational agencies— 
(A) to promote STEM in secondary schools 
and after school programs; 
(B) to support the participation of sec-
ondary school students in non-traditional STEM teaching methods; and 
(C) to broaden secondary school students’ 
access to careers in STEM. 
(2) D
URATION .—The Secretary shall award 
each grant under this section for a period of not more than 5 years. 
(3) A
MOUNTS .—The Secretary shall award a 
grant under this section in an amount that is sufficient to carry out the goals of this sec-tion. 
(d) A
PPLICATION .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:31 May 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18MY6.047 S18MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3005 May 18, 2015 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Each local educational 
agency desiring a grant under this section shall submit an application to the Secretary 
at such time, in such manner, and con-taining such information as the Secretary may reasonably require. 
(2) P
RIORITY .—In awarding grants under 
this section, the Secretary shall give pri-ority to applications from local educational agencies that propose to carry out activities that target— 
(A) a rural or urban school; (B) a low-performing school or local edu-
cational agency; or 
(C) a local educational agency or school 
that serves low-income students. 
(e) U
SES OF FUNDS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Each local educational 
agency that receives a grant under this sec-tion shall use the grant funds for any of the following: 
(A) STEM 
EDUCATION AND CAREER ACTIVI -
TIES.—Promotion of STEM education and ca-
reer activities. 
(B) P URCHASE OF PARTS .—The purchase of 
parts and supplies needed to support partici-pation in non-traditional STEM teaching methods. 
(C) T
EACHER INCENTIVES AND STIPENDS .—In-
centives and stipends for teachers involved in non-traditional STEM teaching methods outside of their regular teaching duties. 
(D) S
UPPORT AND EXPENSES .—Support and 
expenses for student participation in re-gional and national nonprofit STEM com-petitions. 
(E) A
DDITIONAL MATERIALS AND SUPPORT .— 
Additional materials and support, such as equipment, facility use, technology, broadband access, and other expenses, di-rectly associated with non-traditional STEM teaching and mentoring. 
(F) O
THER ACTIVITIES .—Carrying out other 
activities that are related to the goals of the grant program, as described in subsection (b). 
(2) P
ROHIBITION .—A local educational agen-
cy shall not use grant funds awarded under this section to participate in any STEM competition that is not a nonprofit competi-tion. 
(3) A
DMINISTRATIVE COSTS .—Each local edu-
cational agency that receives a grant under this section may use not more than 2 percent of the grant funds for costs related to the ad-ministration of the grant project. 
(f) M
ATCHING REQUIREMENT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2), 
each local educational agency that receives a grant under this section shall secure, to-ward the cost of the activities assisted under the grant, from non-Federal sources, an amount equal to 50 percent of the grant. The non-Federal contribution may be provided in cash or in-kind. 
(2) W
AIVER .—The Secretary may waive all 
or part of the matching requirement de-scribed in paragraph (1) for a local edu-cational agency if the Secretary determines that applying the matching requirement would result in a serious financial hardship or a financial inability to carry out the goals of the grant project. 
(g) S
UPPLEMENT , N OTSUPPLANT .—Grant 
funds provided to a local educational agency under this section shall be used to supple-ment, and not supplant, funds that would otherwise be used for activities authorized under this section. 
(h) E
VALUATION .—The Secretary shall es-
tablish an evaluation program to determine the efficacy of the grant program established by this section, which shall include com-paring students participating in a grant project funded under this section to similar students who do not so participate, in order to assess the impact of student participation on— (1) what courses a student takes in the fu-
ture; and 
(2) a student’s postsecondary study. 
Subtitle E—Extension of Tax Credit for 
Research Expenses 
SEC. 341. TEMPORARY EXTENSION OF RESEARCH 
CREDIT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Paragraph (1) of section 
41(h) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2014’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2019’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall apply to amounts paid or incurred after December 31, 2014. 
Subtitle F—Hollings Manufacturing 
Extension Partnership 
SEC. 351. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS 
FOR HOLLINGS MANUFACTURING EXTENSION PARTNERSHIP. 
There is authorized to be appropriated to 
the Secretary of Commerce to carry out the Hollings Manufacturing Extension Partner-ship under sections 25 and 26 of the National Institute of Standards and Technology Act (15 U.S.C. 278k and 278l)— 
(1) for each of fiscal years 2016 through 
2021, $192,450,000; and 
(2) for fiscal year 2022 and each fiscal year 
thereafter, such sums as may be necessary. 
SA 1364. Mr. SANDERS submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in title I, add the 
following: 
SEC. 1 lll . DRUG IMPORTATION. 
(a) P ROMULGATION OF REGULATIONS .—The 
trade authorities procedures shall not apply to an implementing bill submitted with re-spect to a trade agreement or trade agree-ments entered into under section 103(b) until the Secretary of Health and Human Services promulgates regulations under section 804(b) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 384(b)), as amended by subsection (b)(2). 
(b) A
MENDMENTS TO FFDCA.—Section 804 
of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 384) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)(1), by striking ‘‘phar-
macist or wholesaler’’ and inserting ‘‘phar-macist, wholesaler, or the head of a relevant agency of the Federal Government’’; 
(2) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘from 
Canada’’; 
(3) in subsection (f), by striking ‘‘Canada’’ 
and inserting ‘‘ any country that is a party to the Trans-Pacific Partnership Agree-ment’’; and 
(4) in subsection (j)— (A) in the heading of paragraph (3), by 
striking ‘‘C
ANADA ’’ and inserting ‘‘ A FOREIGN  
COUNTRY ’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (3)(C), by striking ‘‘from 
Canada’’ and inserting ‘‘from a country that is a party to the Trans-Pacific Partnership Agreement’’. 
(c) P
RESCRIPTION DRUG IMPORTATION .—The 
principal negotiating objective of the United States regarding the importation of prescrip-tion drugs is to permit the importation of such drugs from any country that is a party to a trade agreement with the United States, pursuant to section 804 of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 384). 
SA 1365. Ms. BALDWIN (for herself 
and Mr. B LUMENTHAL ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to 
amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of section 106(b), add the fol-
lowing: 
(7) F OR AGREEMENTS WITH COUNTRIES THAT  
CRIMINALIZE HOMOSEXUALITY .—The trade au-
thorities procedures shall not apply to an implementing bill submitted with respect to a trade agreement entered into under section 103(b) with a country the government of which criminalizes homosexuality or per-secutes or otherwise punishes individuals on the basis of sexual orientation or gender identity, as identified by the Secretary of State in the most recent annual Country Re-ports on Human Rights Practices under sec-tion 116 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2151n). 
f 
PRIVILEGES OF THE FLOOR 
Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the following staff of the Finance Committee be al-lowed on the Senate floor for the re-mainder of this week: Nikesh Patel and Jennifer Kay. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
MEASURES PLACED ON THE CAL-
ENDAR—S. 1350, S. 1357, and H.R. 2048 
Mr. LANKFORD. Mr. President, I un-
derstand there are three bills at the desk due for a second reading. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will read the bills by title for the second time. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 1350) to provide a short-term ex-
tension of Federal-aid highway, highway safety, motor carrier safety, transit, and other programs funded out of the Highway Trust Fund, and for other purposes. 
A bill (S. 1357) to extend authority relating 
to roving surveillance, access to business records, and individual terrorists as agents of foreign powers under the Foreign Intel-ligence Surveillance Act of 1978 until July 31, 2015, and for other purposes. 
A bill (H.R. 2048) to reform the authorities 
of the Federal Government to require the production of certain business records, con-duct electronic surveillance, use pen reg-isters and trap and trace devices, and use other forms of information gathering for for-eign intelligence, counterterrorism, and criminal purposes, and for other purposes. 
Mr. LANKFORD. In order to place 
the bills on the calendar under the pro-visions of rule XIV, I object to further proceedings en bloc. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-
tion is heard. 
The bills will be placed on the cal-
endar. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:31 May 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18MY6.047 S18MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3006 May 18, 2015 
AUTHORIZING USE OF THE CAP-
ITOL GROUNDS, THE ROTUNDA OF THE CAPITOL, AND EMANCI-PATION HALL IN THE CAPITOL VISITOR CENTER 
Mr. LANKFORD. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the consideration of H. Con. Res. 43, which is at the desk. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the concurrent resolu-tion by title. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A concurrent resolution (H. Con. Res. 43) 
authorizing the use of the Capitol Grounds, the rotunda of the Capitol, and Emanci-pation Hall in the Capitol Visitor Center for official Congressional events surrounding the visit of His Holiness Pope Francis to the United States Capitol. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the concurrent resolution. 
Mr. LANKFORD. I ask unanimous 
consent that the concurrent resolution be agreed to and the motion to recon-sider be laid upon the table with no in-tervening action or debate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The concurrent resolution (H. Con. 
Res. 43) was agreed to. 
f 
ORDERS FOR TUESDAY, MAY 19, 
2015 
Mr. LANKFORD. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that when the Sen-ate completes its business today, it ad-journ until 10 a.m., Tuesday, May 19; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two lead-ers be reserved for their use later in the day; that following leader remarks, the Senate be in a period of morning business for 1 hour, with Senators per-mitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each, with the time equally di-vided, with the Democrats controlling the first half and the majority control-ling the final half; further, that fol-lowing morning business, the Senate resume consideration of H.R. 1314; fi-nally, that the Senate recess from 12:30 p.m. until 2:15 p.m. to allow for the weekly conference meetings. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ORDER FOR ADJOURNMENT 
Mr. LANKFORD. Mr. President, if 
there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order, following the remarks of Senator P
ORTMAN for up to 10 min-
utes. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The Senator from Ohio. 
f 
CURRENCY MANIPULATION 
Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I 
thank the Presiding Officer for allow-ing me to speak briefly about an 
amendment I am offering to the trade promotion authority legislation. 
Also, I was not here earlier because I 
was unavoidably detained. I was on a flight to arrive at National Airport, and because of thunderstorms, they di-verted us to Richmond, VA, where I spent about an hour this evening. 
If I had been here, I would have voted 
yes on both the trade adjustment as-sistance legislation and also the reli-gious freedom legislation that came be-fore this Chamber earlier this evening. 
Again, I appreciate the opportunity 
to speak now about an amendment I am offering to the underlying legisla-tion, the trade promotion authority. 
This amendment is regarding cur-
rency manipulation, something we have talked a lot about in this Cham-ber over the last week. Now is the op-portunity for us to speak with our votes on behalf of the people we rep-resent, who believe that, yes, we should be trading with other countries. In fact, I strongly believe that we should be expanding our exports and, there-fore, I support trade-opening agree-ments that could be negotiated under a trade promotion authority. 
But I also believe that we need to 
level the playing field, so that while we are expanding trade and increasing our exports and therefore creating more jobs in my home State of Ohio and around the country, at the same time, we are able to tell those workers and farmers that other countries are going to be required to play by the rules. 
There are lots of issues that get ad-
dressed here in this Chamber regarding leveling that playing field. One is to ensure that countries don’t dump their products here in the United States, and we have language in the Customs bill that deals with that, to ensure that companies can indeed seek a remedy and seek help for that. 
We also talk about subsidized prod-
ucts that come to the United States, to our shores, to compete unfairly. We have legislation to address that as well. 
But there are other issues that need 
to be addressed to ensure that, again, countries are playing by the rules. One is currency manipulation. 
We are in the process now of giving 
our government the ability to nego-tiate an agreement that could lower tariffs and nontariff barriers to our products, and that is a good thing, whether it is the agreement with Asia, the so-called TPP Agreement, or the agreement in Europe, the so-called TTIP Agreement and others. 
But the reality is that we are also in 
a situation where, regardless of what agreements we negotiated, many of the benefits of those reductions in tariffs or nontariff barriers could immediately be countered by another country say-ing: Do you know what? I am going to intervene aggressively in international currency markets to lower the price, to lower the cost of my currency, so that my exports, specifically to United States, will be less expensive. And, by 
the way, it also affects other countries in the meantime. So relative to the dollar, their currency is lower, so, therefore, their exports are less expen-sive to us, and our exports to them are more expensive. 
When I walk the shop floors in Ohio 
and I talk to workers and I talk to management about how this affects us in Ohio, what I hear very directly is: Rob, we are all for trade. We believe we can compete. But we need to be able to compete on a playing field where ev-erybody is agreeing that there will be certain rules of the road. 
There are rules of the road. The 
amendment that we are offering, de-spite what some people have been say-ing about it and what I have seen writ-ten even today, which is inaccurate— the rules of the road are actually set up by the International Monetary Fund and by the World Trade Organization, by reference to the IMF. 
As an example, every single country 
we are negotiating with right now with regard to Trans-Pacific Partnership— the so-called TPP—is a signatory to this International Monetary Fund and to the WTO. Therefore, they are obliged to live with these rules. 
Our amendment is very simple. All it 
says is that these rules apply just as they are currently provided for by the International Monetary Fund, and that countries, when they are negotiating with us in a trade agreement, need to be consistent with those obligations that they have undertaken and that there is an enforceability measure. In other words, if they don’t do it, there will be some consequences. Right now, there is no enforcement penalty. This is one reason we continue to see in some cases currency manipulation, which in turn, again, hurts our workers and our farmers, who just want the chance to be able to compete—and compete fairly. 
I would also say there has been some 
misinformation about this amendment out there regarding whether it would affect monetary policy. We will see under this amendment that we have clarified that—not that it was ever a question in my mind or of others who drafted it. We clarified that to the ex-tent that we have actually said: This does not apply to monetary policy. It doesn’t apply to macroeconomic pol-icy, decisions that countries make. 
Instead, again, it takes the very spe-
cific undertakings that the IMF has es-tablished for all these countries, which says: You cannot intervene in pur-chasing other currencies and doing so in a way to expand your exports un-fairly. 
So I think this is a very important 
debate we are having with regard to trade promotion authority. We need to get back in the business of expanding trade for our workers and our farmers. 
The Presiding Officer’s wheat farm-
ers in Montana are looking forward to a chance to get into some of these mar-kets where they have been essentially 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:31 May 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18MY6.044 S18MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3007 May 18, 2015 
closed out because other countries 
have completed trade agreements low-ering tariffs and we have not. So this will be good for the Presiding Officer’s farmers and for the farmers in Ohio. One in every three acres they plant is now planted for export. It will be good for our soybean farmers in Ohio, as 50 percent of their crop is exported. It will be good for the workers of Ohio, as 25 percent of our manufacturing jobs are now export jobs. 
But we are losing ground because 
over the last 7 years, we haven’t been able to knock down these barriers be-cause we haven’t had this trade pro-motion authority, which is necessary in order to create the opportunity for us to export more. 
Again, while we are doing that and 
using the leverage of our market here in the United States of America, the largest economy, we must also be sure that we are dealing with dumping, with subsidization, and, yes, with currency manipulation and other aspects of trade that simply aren’t fair. 
Recently, I received a letter signed 
by thousands of Ohio auto workers, and they called currency manipulation ‘‘the most critical barrier in the 21st century.’’ They get it. These are work-ers who work at the transmission plant in Sharonville, OH, but I see this all over Ohio. More than 1,500 UAW work-ers will soon manufacture Ford’s me-dium-duty truck in Avon Lake, OH. We are really excited about that. This is actually production that was moved from Mexico to the United States. 
This is what they told me: We want 
to be able to compete. We want to be able to keep our jobs here at Avon Lake, OH. 
They said: Currency manipulation 
hurts American competitiveness here at home and export markets where we compete around the world. 
This assembly plant’s mission is to 
provide our customers with the highest quality, and the safest, most reliable automotive products and services, while also fostering continuous growth and prosperity for our families and the surrounding communities. That is why they say that we must ensure that trade policies do not undermine this progress in the U.S. auto industry and in U.S. manufacturing. 
By the way, this letter was jointly 
signed not just by UAW members but also by the plant manager and other members of management at this com-pany. Why? Because they get it. If they are working hard, making concessions, becoming more efficient to be more competitive, they are willing to do it. They know they have to. They get it. We are an international marketplace now. There is global competition. But they want to be darn sure that they aren’t having an unfair advantage weighed against them because another 
government, as they say, cheated on their currency. 
Given what we are hearing from 
these American workers, I have intro-duced this bipartisan amendment with Senator S
TABENOW , cracking down on 
currency manipulation. I have been on the floor a number of times to talk about this. I want to be sure that we have the opportunity to be able to move forward with this amendment. We also have a number of other cospon-sors, including Senators B
URR, BROWN , 
GRAHAM , C ASEY , C OLLINS , S CHUMER , 
SHAHEEN , H EITKAMP , B ALDWIN , K LO-
BUCHAR , M ANCHIN , W ARREN , and D ON-
NELLY . 
We are pleased that our work here is 
backed up—yes—by the auto compa-nies, including GM, Chrysler, Ford, but also by U.S. Steel, Nucor Steel, AK Steel, and others. This very idea of en-forceable currency disciplines in trade has been backed up again and again. It has been endorsed by 60 Senators on the floor of the Senate through either votes or letters that they have signed and by 230 Members of the House. 
Again, what it does is it gives teeth 
to the existing IMF and WTO rules against currency manipulation. 
Some have said: Well, this is kind of 
a stretch. Why are we dealing with cur-rency manipulation in this legislation? Let me remind them that the TPA bill being considered today—the one with-out this amendment in it, the one that was offered by Chairman H
ATCH , my 
friend O RRIN HATCH , and supported by 
Treasury Secretary Jack Lew—so the administration—includes a negotiating objective to address currency concerns. 
So this notion that we shouldn’t have 
this involved in the trade agreement— it is in the underlying TPA. The prob-lem is it is not enforceable. So we say that we agree that currency manipula-tion is a bad thing because it distorts trade and it distorts free markets. 
I am a conservative. I believe we 
shouldn’t be encouraging distortion. 
The difference between the negoti-
ating objective in the bill and the one I am proposing is that ours is actually enforceable. It gives us the opportunity to actually make a difference in this debate, to be able to ensure that coun-tries do indeed abide by the rules they have promised to follow as members of the International Monetary Fund. 
Some have said this is a poison pill 
for trade. I don’t quite get that. Again, trade promotion authority already in-cludes currency manipulation. The question is whether it should be en-forceable. If we believe, as we say we do, that this is wrong, why wouldn’t we want to have some ability to enforce it? 
As I said earlier, this legislation spe-
cifically excludes domestic monetary policy. It is now in the text of the 
amendment itself, which is different than it was in committee. 
So I very much appreciate being al-
lowed to speak on this tonight. I appre-ciate the opportunity for me to offer this amendment that I have drafted with Senators S
TABENOW and others. I 
look forward to talking more about this issue later this week. I do believe it is important that we move forward on providing the opportunity for the workers I represent, the farmers I rep-resent, and the service providers in Ohio to expand their exports. It creates not just more jobs but good-paying jobs. On average, those jobs pay 15 to 18 percent more—and better benefits. That is important. America needs to get back in the business of expanding exports. For 7 years we haven’t had that and other countries have, through hundreds of trade agreements that left us out and lowered the barriers be-tween their countries. That hurts us. We want that market share. We don’t want to lose it. 
But, again, as we do that, let’s be 
darned sure that we are giving our workers and our farmers a fair shake so they have the opportunity. If they play by the rules and they work hard, they become more efficient, they make the concessions, and they know this is going to be something where they have the opportunity to excel, to compete, and ultimately to help create jobs and opportunity here in this country. 
Just as we are encouraging other 
countries to take on our free enterprise system and our values we hold so dear, we should also encourage them to take on these rules of fairness, including prohibiting the manipulation of cur-rency that is explicitly directed at in-creasing our costs and decreasing their costs as they send exports to us. 
I appreciate the opportunity to speak 
tonight. 
VOTE EXPLANATION  
I would reiterate that I support the 
Brown amendment No. 1242. I was not able to be here for the vote because I was unavoidably detained and was di-verted from National Airport. 
I also want to say that I support the 
Lankford amendment No. 1237, again, regarding the religious freedoms and making that a part of trade negotia-tion objectives as well. 
I yield the floor. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 10 A.M. 
TOMORROW 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate stands adjourned until 10 a.m. tomorrow. 
Thereupon, the Senate, at 7:57 p.m., 
adjourned until Tuesday, May 19, 2015, at 10 a.m. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:31 May 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18MY6.046 S18MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E729 May 18, 2015 
TRIBUTE TO VITILIGO MONTH 
HON. HENRY C. ‘‘HANK’’ JOHNSON, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, May 18, 2015 
Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I 
submit the following Proclamation: 
Whereas, Vitiligo is an autoimmune disorder 
that affects over three million Americans with no known cure to combat this disorder which causes a loss of pigment cells in humans; and 
Whereas, Vitiligo Bond, Inc., is an organiza-
tion that continues to serve those who live with or are affected by the autoimmune dis-order Vitiligo, by empowering patients, bring-ing attention to the disease, and leading the way to find a cure through research; and 
Whereas, today millions of Americans gath-
er to raise awareness and funds to assist indi-viduals living with Vitiligo; and 
Whereas, this unique organization has given 
of themselves tirelessly and unconditionally to advocate for our citizens and their families who battle Vitiligo; and 
Whereas, Vitiligo Bond and other organiza-
tions have vowed to serve our district, state and nation by being the sword and shield for those who live with Vitiligo, encouraging better treatments, funding research and educating people about the disease to help heal families and strengthen our resolve to find a cure; and 
Whereas, the U.S. Representative of the 
Fourth District of Georgia has set aside this day to honor and recognize the millions of people who are living with Vitiligo and those who are leading the fight for the cure to end Vitiligo; now therefore, I, H
ENRY C. ‘‘H ANK’’ 
JOHNSON , JR. do hereby proclaim the month of 
June as Vitiligo Awareness Month in the 4th Congressional District. 
Proclaimed, this 1st day of June, 2015. 
f 
HONORING THE RANCOCAS VAL-
LEY REGIONAL HIGH SCHOOL NAVY JUNIOR RESERVE OFFICER TRAINING CORPS 
HON. THOMAS MacARTHUR 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, May 18, 2015 
Mr. M ACARTHUR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to honor a remarkable and distinguished group of young men and women from my district, The Rancocas Valley Regional High School Navy Junior Reserve Officer Training Corps (NJROTC). The Rancocas Valley Regional High School NJROTC has been recognized for four consecutive years as a Distinguished Unit, and has received academic honors twice. 
The Rancocas Valley Regional High School 
NJROTC battalion has completed almost 2,600 hours of community service and over 2,000 hours of school support. Led by 18 sen-ior members this group has embraced and lived the Navy core values of Honor, Courage, and Commitment. Thank you to the Rancocas 
Valley NJROTC for your hard work and for your dedication to your community. 
f 
A TRIBUTE TO EAGLE SCOUT 
TREVOR IMM 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, May 18, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate Trevor Imm of Boy Scout Troop 208 in Clive, Iowa, for achieving the rank of Eagle Scout. The Eagle Scout rank is the highest advancement rank in scouting. Only about five percent of Boy Scouts earn the Eagle Scout Award. The award is a performance-based achievement with high standards that have been well-main-tained for more than a century. 
Trevor Imm, now a 14-year old freshman at 
Prairieview School in Waukee, has been a member of the Scouts since he was a Tiger Cub with Pack 181 at Walnut Hills Elementary School in Urbandale. His parents, Mark and Rachael Imm, were his Den Leaders for four years during Cub Scouts. After earning the Arrow of Light Award, the highest award as a Webelos Scout, Trevor crossed over to Boy Scouts with Troop 208 in Clive, Iowa, where his Dad joined him as an Assistant Scout-master. Trevor has served in several leader-ship roles for the Troop and was elected by his fellow Scouts in Troop 208 to the Order of the Arrow, where he became a Brotherhood Member with the Mitigwa Lodge. 
To earn the Eagle Scout rank, Trevor was 
required to pass specific tests that are orga-nized by objectives and merit badges, and complete an Eagle Project to benefit the com-munity. Trevor’s Eagle Project was centered around Ashworth Road Baptist Church in West Des Moines. His plans included remodeling their ‘‘For Kid’s Sake Foster Family Clothing Closet.’’ Trevor organized the remodel so that it included a fresh coat of colorful paint, new clear bins for a more organized system of storing and displaying items, the installation of new wall shelving for donated shoes, and the construction of freestanding shelves for jeans. He even led the creation of a safe play area for young children to play while parents shop. 
Mr. Speaker, the example set by this young 
man and his family in serving their community demonstrates the rewards of hard work, dedi-cation, and perseverance. I am honored to represent Trevor and his family in the United States Congress. I know that all of my col-leagues in the House will join me in congratu-lating him on reaching the rank of Eagle Scout, and I wish him continued success in his future education and career. PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. SCOTT PERRY 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, May 18, 2015 
Mr. PERRY. Mr. Speaker, on May 14, 2015, 
I inadvertently voted ‘‘nay’’ on Roll Call 232. I intended to vote ‘‘aye’’. This amendment, of-fered by Chairman M
CCAUL of Texas, would 
include counterterrorism and border security activities in the list of preferred applications which the Department of Defense considers when transferring excess property to other federal agencies. This is a strong amendment, and I want the R
ECORD to reflect my support 
of it. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO MS. WINIFRED 
PIERCE 
HON. HENRY C. ‘‘HANK’’ JOHNSON, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, May 18, 2015 
Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I 
submit the following Proclamation: 
Whereas, thirty-four years ago a virtuous 
woman of God accepted her calling to serve as a teacher and professional educator; and 
Whereas, Ms. Winifred L. Pierce has en-
hanced the academic curriculum of Public Schools in North Carolina, Texas and Georgia, and has increased the goodwill of the schools in my district in Gwinnett and DeKalb Coun-ties. Her work resonates throughout the com-munity and she has created a legacy for stu-dents through scholarships and servitude; and 
Whereas, this phenomenal woman has 
shared her time and talents as a friend, a fear-less leader and a servant to ensure that all students receive the best education and skills to become outstanding leaders of our commu-nities and nation; and 
Whereas, Ms. Winifred L. Pierce is a corner-
stone in our community who has enhanced the lives of thousands for the betterment of my District and our Nation; and 
Whereas, the U.S. Representative of the 
Fourth District of Georgia has set aside this day to honor and recognize Ms. Winifred L. Pierce on her retirement and to wish her well in her new endeavors; now therefore, I, H
ENRY  
C. ‘‘H ANK’’ JOHNSON , JR. do hereby proclaim 
May 23, 2015 as Ms. Winifred L. Pierce Day in the 4th Congressional District. 
Proclaimed, this 23rd day of May, 2015. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE LEADERSHIP 
OF TONY FRANSETTA 
HON. ALAN GRAYSON 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, May 18, 2015 
Mr. GRAYSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize Tony Fransetta for a lifetime of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:28 May 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A18MY8.001 E18MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E730 May 18, 2015 
service and leadership. Tony was born in 
Kimball, West Virginia. He served in the U.S. Navy for four years earning the United Nations Service Medal, Korean Service Medal, and the Good Conduct Ribbon. 
Tony began working for Ford Motor Com-
pany in 1956, and stayed with the company until his retirement in 1990. During his employ-ment with Ford Motor Company, Tony rep-resented 15,000 employees in contract nego-tiations and chaired programs involving quality control, employee involvement, insurance ben-efits, drug treatment, and employee education. Tony also co-chaired a national joint mortality study on cancer and heart disease in the in-dustrial workplace that was published in pro-fessional journals. 
Since his retirement, Tony has served on 
several advisory councils for hospitals and health networks such as Kaiser Health Foun-dation, Southwest General Hospital, Wel-lington Regional Medical Center, and the Re-gional Medicare Advisory Council for South-east Florida. 
Currently, Tony serves as the President of 
the Florida Alliance for Retired Americans, an advocacy group for working and retired Ameri-cans with over 200,000 members. Tony is also the Chairman for the area Auto Retiree Coun-cil, U.A.W. Florida Retiree C.A.P., rep-resenting 26,000 retirees in Florida, Vice President of the Executive Board for Florida AFL–CIO, and General Policy Board Member for the National Alliance for Retired Ameri-cans. 
In 2005, Tony was appointed as a delegate 
to the White House Conference on Aging (WHCOA). In 2011, Tony received the Alliance for Retired Americans President’s Award. The Award read, ‘‘presented to Tony Fransetta, President, Florida Alliance for Retired Ameri-cans, for his lifetime of public service on be-half of older Americans and for guiding and growing the Alliance for Retired Americans’’. 
Tony was happily married to his wife, Lena, 
for 49 years until she passed away in 2008. Together, they raised two beautiful daughters and have five grandchildren. 
I am honored to recognize Tony Fransetta 
for his leadership and service to his commu-nity. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. DIANE BLACK 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, May 18, 2015 
Mrs. BLACK. Mr. Speaker, on Roll Call 
#233 for passage of Rohrabacher Amendment #51, Roll Call #234 for passage of Lamborn Amendment #312, Roll Call #235 for passage of Blumenauer Amendment #246, Roll Call #236 for passage of Lucas Amendment #119, Roll Call #237 for passage of Nadler Amend-ment #272, Roll Call #238 for passage of the Democrat Motion to Recommit, and Roll Call #239 for final passage of H.R. 1735 which took place Friday, May 15, 2015, I am not re-corded because I was unavoidably detained. 
Had I been present, I would have voted Aye 
on Roll Call #233, the Rohrabacher Amend-ment #51, on Roll Call #234, the Lamborn Amendment #312, on Roll Call #236, the Lucas Amendment #119, and on Roll Call #239 for final passage of H.R. 1735. I would have voted Nay on Roll Call #235, the Blu-
menauer Amendment #246, on Roll Call #237, the Nadler Amendment #272, and on Roll Call #238 against the Motion to Recommit. 
f 
HONORING JARED DILELLO OF 
THE UNITED STATES POSTAL SERVICE 
HON. THOMAS MacARTHUR 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, May 18, 2015 
Mr. M ACARTHUR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to honor a remarkable and distinguished gen-tleman, Mr. Jared Dilello. Mr. Dilello has been employed by the United States Postal Service for the past two years. 
On November 21, 2014 Mr. Dilello was 
working on his normal route in Willingboro, NJ. Mr. Dilello found that one of his customers was unconscious on the ground next to a ve-hicle along the route. With the assistance of the 911 operator, Mr. Dilello was able to re-vive the gentleman and extend his life. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank Mr. Dilello for his hard work and congratulate him for his dedication to the community. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO MRS. KATRICE 
WALKER 
HON. HENRY C. ‘‘HANK’’ JOHNSON, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, May 18, 2015 
Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I 
submit the following Proclamation: 
Whereas, in the Fourth Congressional Dis-
trict of Georgia, there are many individuals who are called upon to contribute to the needs of our community through leadership and serv-ice; and 
Whereas, Mrs. Katrice Stephenson Walker 
has answered that call by giving of herself as a secretary at Dunaire Elementary School, and as a beloved wife, daughter and friend; and 
Whereas, Mrs. Walker has been chosen as 
the 2015 Educational Support Professional of the Year, representing Dunaire Elementary School; and 
Whereas, this phenomenal woman has 
shared her time and talents for the betterment of our community and our nation through her tireless works, unyielding support and words of encouragement; and 
Whereas, Mrs. Walker is a virtuous woman, 
a courageous woman and a fearless leader who has shared her vision, talents and pas-sion to help ensure that our children receive the support and education that is relevant not only for today, but well into the future, be-cause she truly understands that our children are the future; and 
Whereas, the U.S. Representative of the 
Fourth District of Georgia has set aside this day to honor and recognize Mrs. Katrice Ste-phenson Walker for her leadership and service for our District and in recognition of this sin-gular honor as the 2015 Educational Support Professional of the Year at Dunaire Elemen-tary School; now therefore, I, H
ENRY C. 
‘‘HANK’’ JOHNSON , JR., do hereby proclaim May 6, 2015 as Mrs. Katrice Stephenson Walker 
Day in the 4th Congressional District. 
Proclaimed, this 6th day of May, 2015. 
f 
JOE KECK TRIBUTE 
HON. SCOTT R. TIPTON 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, May 18, 2015 
Mr. TIPTON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in 
honor of Mr. Joe Keck. As the director of the Small Business Development Center in South-west Colorado, Mr. Keck has played a vital role in enhancing the lives of the citizens in the Four Corners region. 
A graduate of Fort Lewis College, Mr. Keck 
has been an inspiring and impactful force to the small business community of Southwest Colorado since 1975. Joe assisted the Ute Mountain Ute and Southern Ute Indian Tribes in a planning and economic advisory capacity before becoming a small business owner him-self in 1993. Today, he and his wife carry on that tradition as joint-owners of Susie’s Hall-mark in Cortez. By providing counseling, train-ing and other program services tailored to the individual needs of small businesses, Joe has helped many businesses manage the uneasi-ness of the startup phase so that they may then grow and prosper. 
A tireless and dedicated pillar of the com-
munity, Mr. Keck’s role as a public servant spans across multiple organizations. Including a lengthy stint of eight years of service on the Cortez City Council, Joe has sat on the Colo-rado Aeronautical Board and Region 9 Eco-nomic Development District Board. To ensure fair representation of Western Colorado in the legislature, he has been an active member of Club 20 and worked vigorously as a member of its board of directors. 
Mr. Speaker, Mr. Keck’s selfless work and 
dedication to serving his community is truly to be admired. I stand with the residents of Southwest Colorado in thanking Joe and con-gratulating him on a remarkable career of pub-lic service. I’m honored to know Joe and even though he is retiring from his post as the di-rector of SBDC, he leaves with us an enriched Southwestern community situated for a suc-cessful future. 
f 
A TRIBUTE TO EAGLE SCOUT 
MASON JEFFRIES 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, May 18, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate Mason Jeffries of Boy Scout Troop 208 in Clive, Iowa, for achieving the rank of Eagle Scout. The Eagle Scout rank is the highest advancement rank in scouting. Only about five percent of Boy Scouts earn the Eagle Scout Award. The award is a performance-based achievement with high standards that have been well-main-tained for more than a century. 
Mason joined Cub Scout Pack 181 in 2007 
as a first grader at Walnut Hills Elementary School in Urbandale. He became the Pack’s Top Popcorn Salesman for four consecutive 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:28 May 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A18MY8.005 E18MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E731 May 18, 2015 
years—reaching sales records above $3,000 a 
year—and even earning a college scholarship. He earned Cub Scout’s highest award, the Arrow of Light, as a Webelos Scout before crossing over to Boy Scout Troop 208 in Clive, where his parents, Pete and Kristin Jeffries, are active in Troop Leadership. 
As a Boy Scout, Mason has volunteered in 
the community with the Variety Telethon, Waukee Food Pantry, Clive Greenbelt Park, Meals for the Heartland, Vacation Bible School, and various other Eagle Scout projects. Due to his dedication to the commu-nity, he was honored by his fellow Scouts in Troop 208 who elected him to serve in the Order of the Arrow, where he became a Broth-
erhood Member with the Mitigwa Lodge. Mason has held a number of leadership roles in Troop 208, including Senior Patrol Leader, Assistant Senior Patrol Leader, Librarian, Scribe, and twice as Patrol Leader. 
To earn the Eagle Scout rank, a Boy Scout 
must pass specific tests organized by require-ments and merit badges, and complete an Eagle Project to benefit the community. For his Eagle Scout Service Project, Mason refur-bished the front of the Waukee Public Library after the construction of the facility’s new addi-tion in 2014. He led a group of Scouts and adults in pulling up all the existing shrubs, bushes and plants, adding metal edging, planting over 30 grasses, shrubs and plants, and finishing the landscaping with new mulch and decorative rocks. 
Mr. Speaker, the example set by this young 
man and his family’s service to their commu-nity demonstrates the rewards of hard work, dedication and perseverance. I am honored to represent Mason and his family in the United States Congress. I know that all of my col-leagues in the House will join me in congratu-lating him on reaching the rank of Eagle Scout, and I wish him continued success in his future education and career. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE GRAND OPEN-
ING OF THE SHELBYVILLE-BED-FORD COUNTY PUBLIC LIBRARY 
HON. SCOTT DesJARLAIS 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, May 18, 2015 
Mr. D ESJARLAIS. Mr. Speaker, I am proud 
today to recognize the grand opening of the Shelbyville-Bedford County Public Library, for-merly the Argie Cooper Public Library. 
In any community, libraries serve an ex-
tremely important role by operating as a point of access for literary classics, promoting edu-cational opportunities for local citizens, and fostering a love for reading in both children and adults. The Shelbyville-Bedford County Public Library has done all of these things, both meeting and exceeding our community’s demands for educational resources and pro-grams. 
The new library is a tremendous asset to 
Bedford County and is the result of decades of a lot of good people doing great things for their community. We are all very excited to see a long-awaited dream become a beautiful reality, possessing a sense of the past while embracing the future. 
I wish the best and look forward to the li-
brary’s many years of service to Bedford County and its residents. TRIBUTE TO MRS. BENITA OSBEY 
HON. HENRY C. ‘‘HANK’’ JOHNSON, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, May 18, 2015 
Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I 
submit the following Proclamation: 
Whereas, our lives have been touched by 
the life of Mrs. Benita Ann Robinson Osbey, she gave of herself to better our community and the causes that were near and dear to her heart; and 
Whereas, Mrs. Osbey’s work is present in 
DeKalb County, Georgia for all to see, being an advocate for the youth, education, ovarian cancer support and research; and 
Whereas, this remarkable woman gave of 
herself, her time, her talent and her life; never asking for fame or fortune but only to uplift those in need; and 
Whereas, Mrs. Benita Ann Robinson Osbey 
led by doing, behind the scenes, as well as front and center for the city of Los Angeles, California, DeKalb County, Georgia, the Geor-gia Ovarian Cancer Alliance, her beloved church Saint Phillip African Methodist Epis-copal Church, and for her beloved Delta Sigma Theta Sorority, Inc.; and 
Whereas, this virtuous Proverbs 31 woman 
was a wife, daughter, niece, sister, aunt and a friend; she was a warrior, a matriarch, and a woman of great integrity; and 
Whereas, the U.S. Representative of the 
Fourth District of Georgia has set aside this day to bestow a Congressional recognition on Mrs. Benita Ann Robinson Osbey for her lead-ership, friendship and service to all of the citi-zens of Georgia and throughout the Nation; now therefore, I, H
ENRY C. ‘‘H ANK’’ JOHNSON , 
JR., do hereby attest to the 114th Congress 
that Mrs. Benita Ann Robinson Osbey of DeKalb County, Georgia is deemed worthy and deserving of this ‘‘Congressional Honor.’’ 
Mrs. Benita Ann Robinson Osbey, U.S. Cit-
izen of Distinction in the 4th Congressional District of Georgia. 
Proclaimed, this 3rd day of May, 2015. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE AND SERVICE 
OF SSGT FALEAGAFULU ILAOA 
HON. AUMUA AMATA COLEMAN 
RADEWAGEN 
OF AMERICAN SAMOA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, May 18, 2015 
Mrs. RADEWAGEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today in memory of Staff Sergeant (SSGT) Faleagafulu Ilaoa, who lost his life while serv-ing our great nation. 
Ilaoa, whose parents hailed from the village 
of Leone, American Samoa was born on April 6, 1948, in San Francisco, CA, SSGT Ilaoa spent his youth like many of us do . . . dreaming of one day serving his country in our armed forces. Never to be deterred from his goals; following graduation from high school, Ilaoa joined the Air Force as a Military Police-man. These men not only serve as police offi-cers to their fellow service members, but also participated in rescue operations, often in hos-tile territory. 
On Monday, May 13, 1975, the U.S. mer-
chant ship Mayaguez was seized by Khmer Rouge forces off the coast of Cambodia. The 
following evening a rescue operation to save those on board the merchant vessel was launched by the Air Force’s 56th Security Po-lice Squadron (SPS). 
At around 8:30 in the evening, on route to 
the Mayaguez , the Chinook helicopter carrying 
the 23 security police operators, including SSGT Ilaoa disappeared from radar approxi-mately 40 miles from their base in a remote area of Northwest Thailand. To this day, the cause of the crash, whether it was mechanical malfunction, pilot error or enemy fire, is not known. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask all Members of the U.S. 
House of Representatives to join me recog-nizing the sacrifice of all who lost their lives on this mission and I personally would like to sa-lute SSGT Ilaoa for his service to our nation and the proud legacy he left for all American Samoans. 
f 
HONORING THE BRAUN FAMILY 
HON. BRAD SHERMAN 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, May 18, 2015 
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor a family whose commitment to service and Jewish prayer, study and music at my own synagogue, Valley Beth Shalom, spans more than six decades. The Braun family’s 
dedication to Valley Beth Shalom has enriched the lives of our congregation and strengthened our community. 
In 1960, Dick and Barbara Braun became 
members of Valley Beth Shalom. During the past fifty-five years, five generations of the Braun family have been involved in Valley Beth Shalom synagogue life. This includes, in addition to Dick and Barbara, Dick’s mother Elisabeth, Dick and Barbara’s four children and their spouses—Jon and Lynn, David and Sherri (of blessed memory) and Ellen, Robert and Sandra, Sarah and Shai, as well as their nine grandchildren and their spouses, and fi-nally a great grandchild. 
The contributions of the Braun family to Val-
ley Beth Shalom are legend. Dick has sung in the congregational choir and served as Hazzan Sheyni since 1968. He has served on the Valley Beth Shalom Board of Directors for more than 40 years and also served on the Executive Committee. Barbara is also a long time member of the synagogue choir, and was an involved member of the Sisterhood and a member of the first class of the Valley Beth Shalom Counseling Center where she served for over 20 years. Jon and his wife Lynn have also served on the Valley Beth Shalom Board of Directors, and Lynn has chaired the Annual Gala Event and served on the Executive Com-mittee of the synagogue. David is a member of the Valley Beth Shalom Board, the Board of the Schulweis Institute and is a Vice-Presi-dent-elect of the congregation. Nate, one of the grandchildren, is secretary of the syna-gogue’s Board, and his wife, Effie, is a Board member. In addition to all of the family’s lead-ership contributions to the synagogue, mem-bers of the Braun family have also been gen-erous benefactors of Valley Beth Shalom in support of all of its enriching programs. 
The Braun family’s contributions to the com-
munity reach farther than just our congrega-tion: Dick is a general surgeon, who for many 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:28 May 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A18MY8.009 E18MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E732 May 18, 2015 
years was the chief of surgery at Kaiser 
Permanente in Panorama City. Barbara was an elementary school teacher. Among the four children and their spouses are four physicians, a mental health therapist, an attorney, a teacher and a rabbi. Dick is also the founder and chairman of the Jewish Music Commis-sion of Los Angeles, which brings new Jewish music into the life of the community. Lynn vis-its my Washington, D.C. office every year to meet with me as an advocate for the Amer-ican Academy of Ophthalmology. 
I am proud to be part of a synagogue that 
values these contributions by honoring the Braun family in their Family of the Year Cele-bration. They are living the legacy of our teacher and late rabbi, Rabbi Harold M. Schulweis. I thank the Braun family for their significant contributions towards bettering our synagogue and our community. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO MR. BOBBY LEE 
GLEATON, JR. 
HON. HENRY C. ‘‘HANK’’ JOHNSON, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, May 18, 2015 
Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I 
submit the following Proclamation: 
Whereas, in the Fourth Congressional Dis-
trict of Georgia, there are many individuals and families whose loved ones have given the ‘‘last full measure of devotion’’ by serving our country; and 
Whereas, Mr. Bobby Lee Gleaton, Jr., an 
American hero, grew up and was educated in the Fourth District; and 
Whereas, Bobby Lee Gleaton, Jr., who led 
an exemplary life, was born October 17, 1989 and received his education from Cedar Grove Elementary, Cedar Grove Middle School and Cedar Grove High School where he received a full band scholarship to Morris Brown Col-lege and ultimately became a member of the Purple Haze Drum Line; and 
Whereas, he enlisted in the U.S. Army Re-
serve as a Medical Logistics Specialist (E4) that was assigned to the 384th Medical Logis-tics Company in Fort Gillem, GA; and 
Whereas, he faithfully served his Country 
until April 4th, 2015 when he departed this life as we know it; and 
Whereas, this remarkable young man gave 
of himself, his time, his talent and his life as a soldier, a son, a brother, a servant of the Lord, a musician-drum major and friend to many; and 
Whereas, this nation owes a tremendous 
debt of gratitude to him and his family who made a great sacrifice to serve this Country and; 
Whereas, the U.S. Representative of the 
Fourth District of Georgia recognizes Mr. Bobby Lee Gleaton, Jr., as a citizen of great worth and so noted distinction; now therefore, I, H
ENRY C. ‘‘H ANK’’ JOHNSON , JR. do hereby 
attest to the 114th Congress that Mr. Bobby Lee Gleaton, Jr., is deemed worthy and de-serving of this ‘‘Congressional Honor’’ by de-claring Mr. Bobby Lee Gleaton, Jr., U.S. Cit-izen of Distinction in the 4th Congressional District. 
Proclaimed, this 9th day of April, 2015. HONORING THE 90TH BIRTHDAY OF 
GLADYS AGATHA MORTON 
HON. BETTY McCOLLUM 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, May 18, 2015 
Ms. M CCOLLUM. Mr. Speaker, it is a privi-
lege to recognize Gladys Agatha Morton and the many contributions she has made as she prepares to celebrate her 90th birthday. Glad-ys is a consummate community leader, a kind and generous person who has been dedicated to her family and the City of Saint Paul, Min-nesota throughout her life. She has made a lasting and positive impact on Saint Paul fami-lies and neighborhoods. 
Born in Ramsey County, Minnesota on May 
31, 1925 to Eli and Christine Preble, Gladys has always considered the East Side of Saint Paul home. In 1953 she married Russell Mor-ton and raised a son named Philip. Like many East Siders, Gladys became a valued em-ployee at 3M, serving as a Payroll Manager. 
Soon Gladys found herself very busy out-
side of work and family too—volunteering and serving on behalf of her community. Her work ethic, knowledge and commitment to the city earned her appointment to numerous leader-ship positions. She served on the Board of Zoning Appeals for 40 years, the Saint Paul Planning Commission for 23 years, the Saint Paul Charter Commission and even as an in-terim Ward 7 Saint Paul City Councilmember in 1997. In 2000, Gladys earned a place in U.S. history serving as a Minnesota Elector for the 2000 Presidential Election. 
Gladys had a hand in shaping every neigh-
borhood in Saint Paul, but her passion has al-ways been rooted in the East Side. She chaired numerous local task forces and the North East Neighborhoods Development Cor-poration. Her guidance helped develop Saint Paul into the beautiful and economically vi-brant community that we enjoy today. Few can match her expertise and knowledge on munic-ipal zoning, planning regulations and eco-nomic development. 
Now Gladys spends much of her time with 
the people who give her the greatest joy in life: her granddaughter Lisette, and her hus-band Hugh, and great-granddaughter Elissa. It is no surprise that Gladys’ enthusiasm for pub-lic service has been passed on to Lisette. I know that she is very proud of her grand-daughter’s own public service career, which began with my friend and predecessor, the late Congressman Bruce Vento, and continues today serving as Legislative Director for Con-gressman J
ERROLD NADLER of New York. 
Mr. Speaker, please join me in rising to 
honor Gladys Agatha Morton on her 90th birthday. As many family and admirers pre-pare to gather and wish her well, we can all recognize the great inspiration her service is to all of us who strive to make our country bet-ter. 
f 
A TRIBUTE TO JERRY CLARK 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, May 18, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize Mr. Jerry Clark for his many years of service on the Guthrie County 
Fair Board. 
Mr. Clark represented Dodge Township for 
more than 40 years on the fair board, just like his father had done before him. His grandson, Collin Clark, has now stepped into the role and will continue the family’s hard work on the Guthrie County Fair Board that began 50 years ago with his great-grandfather. 
I know that my colleagues in the United 
States Congress join me in commending Mr. Jerry Clark for his service to Guthrie County and wish him the best following his retirement from his duties. It is an honor to represent Iowans like him in Congress, and I wish him all the best in his future endeavors. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO L ATOYA JOWERS 
HON. HENRY C. ‘‘HANK’’ JOHNSON, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, May 18, 2015 
Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I 
submit the following Proclamation: 
Whereas, in the Fourth Congressional Dis-
trict of Georgia, our greatest and most valu-able assets are our children. Our children are the future and are educated and guided by our teachers; and 
Whereas, Ms. LaToya Jowers is a teacher 
in DeKalb County, Georgia and an educator at Dunaire Elementary School, who has dem-onstrated fifteen years of leadership and serv-ice to our children and our district; and 
Whereas, Ms. Jowers has been awarded 
the honor of Teacher of the Year 2015, rep-resenting Dunaire Elementary School; and 
Whereas, this phenomenal woman is not 
only active at Dunaire Elementary School, but also in our community, her sorority, Delta Sigma Theta Sorority, Inc., and her church, Greater Travelers Rest Baptist Church in De-catur, Georgia; and 
Whereas, Ms. Jowers can be described as 
a Proverbs 31 woman. She is devoted to serv-ing our community daily as an educator who imparts knowledge and skills for the success of our children. She is a motivator, an inno-vator and a model citizen who gives and ask for nothing in return; and 
Whereas, the U.S. Representative of the 
Fourth District of Georgia has set aside this day to honor and recognize Ms. LaToya Jowers for her leadership and service for our District and in recognition of this singular honor as 2015 Teacher of the Year at Dunaire Elementary School; now therefore, I, H
ENRY C. 
‘‘HANK’’ JOHNSON , JR., do hereby proclaim May 
6, 2015 as Ms. LaToya Jowers Day in the 4th Congressional District. 
Proclaimed, this 6th day of May, 2015. 
f 
EXPRESSING CONDOLENCES TO 
THE FAMILIES OF THE MARINES THAT DIED IN THE HELICOPTER CRASH IN NEPAL ON MAY 12, 2015 
HON. ANDER CRENSHAW 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, May 18, 2015 
Mr. CRENSHAW. Mr. Speaker, I rise today, 
as the co-chair of the Congressional Nepal 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:28 May 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K18MY8.004 E18MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E733 May 18, 2015 
Caucus and as an ardent supporter of the 
U.S. Military, to express my deepest condo-lences to the families of the six U.S. Marines and two Nepali soldiers, who died in the heli-copter crash last Tuesday, May 12, 2015 in Nepal. 
As we all know, Nepal suffered from the cat-
astrophic 7.8 magnitude earthquake that hit Saturday, April 25, 2015, as well as many large aftershocks, including a 7.3 magnitude aftershock on May 12, 2015. Reports indicate that more than 8,000 people have been killed and 17,000 people have been injured in this poor and fragile country. 
Among the first responders to this crisis 
were our dedicated men and women of the U.S. Marine Corps. America has a long and honorable history of humanitarian assistance during worldwide disasters and conflicts, and our men and women in uniform have consist-ently put themselves in harm’s way to protect America and to protect our allies during times of need. 
On this occasion, the eight were aboard a 
UH–1Y Huey helicopter that disappeared over northern Nepal, during a trip to fly relief mate-rials to stricken villages. 
Capt. Dustin R. Lukasiewicz of Nebraska; 
Capt. Christopher L. Norgren of Kansas; Sgt. Ward M. Johnson IV of Florida; Sgt. Eric M. Seaman of California; Cpl. Sara A. Medina of Illinois, and Lance Cpl. Jacob A. Hug of Ari-zona have paid the ultimate sacrifice for the sake of the Nepalis, and they make me proud, once again, to be an American. 
I am grateful for the leadership and dedica-
tion of Ambassador Bodde, the U.S. Embassy team in Nepal, the Department of Defense, and our service men and women for their ef-forts and their sacrifices to aid Nepal. To the people of Nepal, the United States stands with you during this difficult time. To the families of the six Marines, we thank you for paying the ultimate sacrifice, and our prayers are with you during this time of loss and immeasurable sadness. 
f 
HONORING SENIOR CORPS WEEK 
AND THE SERVICE OF OLDER AMERICANS 
HON. RAU´L M. GRIJALVA 
OF ARIZONA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, May 18, 2015 
Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in 
support of national Senior Corps week. 
Older Americans bring a lifetime of skills 
and experience as parents, workers, and citi-zens that can be tapped to meet challenges in our communities. 
For more than four decades Senior Corps, 
and its three programs—RSVP, Senior Com-panions, and Foster Grandparents—have proven to be a highly effective way to engage Americans ages 55 and over in meeting na-tional and community needs. 
Each year Senior Corps provides opportuni-
ties for nearly 330,000 older Americans across the nation, including approximately 450 in Southern Arizona, to serve their communities. Foster Grandparents serve one-on-one as tu-tors and mentors to young Arizonans who have special needs. Senior Companions help homebound Arizona seniors and other adults maintain independence in their own homes. RSVP volunteers conduct safety patrols for local police departments, protect the environ-
ment, tutor and mentor youth, respond to nat-ural disasters, and provide other services through more than 130 groups across Arizona. 
Senior Corps volunteers last year provided 
more than 96.2 million hours of service, help-ing to improve the lives of our most vulnerable citizens, strengthen our educational system, protect our environment, provide independent living services, and contribute to our public safety. 
Senior Corps volunteers build a capacity of 
organizations and communities by serving through more than 65,000 nonprofit, commu-nity, educational, and faith-based community groups nationwide. 
At a time of mounting social needs and 
growing interest in service by older Americans, there is an unprecedented opportunity to har-ness the talents of 55-plus volunteers to ad-dress community challenges. 
Service by older Americans helps volunteers 
by keeping them active, healthy, and engaged; helps our communities by solving local prob-lems, and helps our nation by saving taxpayer dollars, reducing healthcare costs, and strengthening our democracy. 
The sixth annual Senior Corps Week, taking 
place May 18–22, 2015, is a time to thank Senior Corps volunteers for their service and recognize their positive impact and value to our communities and nation. 
f 
HONORING DR. ROY GLEN BROWER 
HON. C.A. DUTCH RUPPERSBERGER 
OF MARYLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, May 18, 2015 
Mr. RUPPERSBERGER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
before you today to honor my constituent, Dr. Roy Glen Brower, Professor of Medicine and the Medical Director of the Medical Intensive Care Unit at Johns Hopkins Hospital, on the occasion of his receipt of the American Tho-racic Society’s Assembly on Critical Care 7th Annual Lifetime Achievement Award. 
Originally from Kingston, New York, Dr. 
Brower graduated from Cornell University in 1972 and the Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine in 1976. He subsequently com-pleted his Internship and Residency in Internal Medicine at Johns Hopkins Hospital in 1979. 
Feeling the need for one last adventure, Dr. 
Brower traveled to Keams Canyon, Arizona, with his wife, Theresa Brower, in 1979. He be-came a Medical Officer in the Indian Health Service, working at the Keams Canyon Indian Hospital and Clinics. 
After returning to Baltimore in 1981 and 
completing his Fellowship in Pulmonary and Critical Care Medicine at the Johns Hopkins University, Dr. Brower began what has be-come a long and illustrious career at the Johns Hopkins Hospital. While his accomplish-ments and contributions to critical care medi-cine are too numerous to list here, several de-serve special mention. 
In 1988, Dr. Brower became the Director of 
the Critical Care Medicine Program in the Divi-sion of Pulmonary and Critical Care Medicine and the Medical Director of the Medical Inten-sive Care Unit, positions he continues to hold and excel at to this day. 
In 2000, Dr. Brower and his colleagues in 
the Acute Respiratory Distress Syndrome (ARDS) Network published ‘‘Ventilation with 
Lower Tidal Volumes as Compared with Tradi-tional Tidal Volumes for Acute Lung Injury and the Acute Respiratory Distress Syndrome’’ in the New England Journal of Medicine. Dr. Brower served as the Chair of the Protocol and Writing Committees for this study, which reduced fatalities of Intensive Care Unit pa-tients with ARDS by 9 percent. Dr. Brower’s study became the second most cited medical publication for a decade. 
Dr. Brower is a devoted and loving hus-
band, father, son, brother, and friend. His re-search has saved the lives of thousands and advanced the field of medicine all over the world. He has been called the foundation of the Johns Hopkins critical care group, a role model for his division and beyond, and an out-standing teacher. His family and colleagues have no doubt that he fights for the best in science and medicine. He is in the right war at the right time. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO CROSSROADSNEWS 
HON. HENRY C. ‘‘HANK’’ JOHNSON, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, May 18, 2015 
Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I 
submit the following Proclamation: 
Whereas, CrossRoadsNews began pub-
lishing in 1995, bringing a much-needed voice to and for the citizens of South DeKalb Coun-ty; and 
Whereas, Jennifer and Curtis Parker—jour-
nalists extraordinaire—published the first issue of CrossRoadsNews on their personal com-puter in their Decatur home with the desire and vision to touch the lives of thousands in 
their community by informing, educating and enlightening their neighbors on issues that af-fect the quality of life, county services and economic impact of businesses in South DeKalb. The first 3,000 copies were circulated among twenty eight subdivisions along Kelly Chapel and Wesley Chapel roads; and 
Whereas, in 2001, CrossRoadsNews was 
publishing twice per month with a circulation of 15,000; In 2005, CrossRoadsNews was pub-lishing weekly and has since been publishing in print and online reaching an audience of more than 188,000 with 28,000 copies pub-lished weekly; and 
Whereas, with the power of the pen and the 
consensus of the community, CrossRoadsNews is keeping the community active with its award-winning reporting, com-munity health fairs and educational panels thanks to a stellar team of editors, reporters and employees; and 
Whereas, CrossRoadsNews is a great ex-
ample of the American Dream writ large, a family-owned operation providing excellent service, employment opportunities and top- notch journalism that ‘‘keeps America honest’’ and thus contributes to the local and state economy; and 
Whereas, the U.S. Representative of the 
Fourth District of Georgia is today, officially honoring, recognizing and congratulating CrossRoadsNews, on their twenty (20th) year anniversary as a business anchor in our Dis-trict; now therefore, I, H
ENRY C. ‘‘H ANK’’ JOHN-
SON, JR. do hereby proclaim April 25, 2015 as 
CrossRoadsNews, Inc. Day in the 4th Con-gressional District of Georgia. 
Proclaimed, this 25th day of April, 2015. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:28 May 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K18MY8.005 E18MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E734 May 18, 2015 
HONORING WALTER ROGER JOHN-
SON, SR. FOR HIS SERVICE TO OUR NATION 
HON. ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON 
OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, May 18, 2015 
Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, on May 8, 
2015, Americans celebrated the 70th anniver-sary of V–E Day, the day that the United States and its allies accepted the uncondi-tional surrender of Nazi Germany—and cele-brated the end of World War II (WWII) in Eu-rope. I rise today to ask the House of Rep-resentatives to join me in honoring and cele-brating the life of Walter Roger Johnson, Sr., an American hero, for his significant accom-plishments and service to the United States during WWII. Mr. Johnson not only served his country as a ‘‘Buffalo Soldier’’ in both the U.S. 10th and 28th Horse Cavalry Regiments, he also served as a soldier on the ‘‘Red Ball Ex-press’’ in the 3825th Quartermaster Truck Company while overseas. 
Walter Roger Johnson, Sr., a native Wash-
ingtonian, was fascinated by the colored sol-diers he saw riding horseback trot past his home, on D.C.’s then dirt roads. His admira-tion of the soldiers prompted him to run away and join the Cavalry, but at age 15 he was sent home. In February 1943, Mr. Johnson en-listed in the army at Ft. Myer, Virginia. He served in the 10th Horse Cavalry Regiment and finally in the 28th Horse Cavalry at Camp Lockett, CA, the U.S.’s final Horse Cavalry Regiment. The 28th served double duty as the southern defense for the Western Defense Command. It’s there that he earned the rankings of a rifle ‘‘sharpshooter’’ and an ‘‘ex-pert’’ with a .45 pistol. Mr. Johnson would jok-ingly say, ‘‘I hit hard, shoot straight, and cut deep!’’ 
In March 1944, the 28th was shipped to 
North Africa, inactivated, and converted into a Combat Service Support Troop. Mr. Johnson was assigned to the 3825th Quartermaster Truck Company, which later became a part of WWII’s most massive logistics operation, the ‘‘Red Ball Express,’’ an operation primarily manned by colored soldiers. Mr. Johnson served as a ‘‘Red Ball Express’’ truck driver— in which he, along with his unit, hauled sup-plies, 24/7, to the First and Third Armies so that the Army could continue their advance-ment across France. 
A proud descendant of Native Americans 
and African Africans, Mr. Johnson never fal-tered in telling his proud story of being an American soldier, American champion, and champion of liberty, equality, and dignity. Like millions of nameless, faceless colored men, Mr. Johnson was an American war hero who helped win wars for this great country, but was unable to win the fight for freedom right here at home. 
Mr. Johnson was decorated with the Euro-
pean-African-Middle Eastern Campaign Medal, the American Campaign Medal, the WWII Vic-tory Medal, and the Lapel Button. He was honorably discharged in November of 1945 at Camp Campbell, Kentucky. 
In the summer of 2014, coinciding with the 
70th anniversary of D-Day, June 6, 1944, Mr. Johnson’s story was published in the following three publications, ‘‘The Rocket,’’ ‘‘Dis-patches,’’ and ‘‘Aspirations’’ under the title ‘‘World War II Soldier Remembered: From 
Buffalo Soldier to Red Ball Express Soldier.’’ 
Mr. Speaker, I ask that the House join me 
in honoring Walter Roger Johnson, Sr., for his service to our Nation. 
f 
A TRIBUTE TO THE SOUTH-
WESTERN COMMUNITY COLLEGE SPORTS SHOOTING TEAM 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, May 18, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate the Southwestern Community College Sport Shooting team for winning the Iowa Collegiate Shooting Sports Conference Championship. 
The SWCC Spartans won the championship 
by more than 90 targets, and claimed indi-vidual titles in the male division, by Brandon Dvorsky, and the female division, by Shelby Woods. Their performance in the Conference Championship capped off a great season that included being the Iowa Collegiate Shooting Sports Conference Champions and the Iowa Department of Natural Resources State Champions. They finished the season undefeated in all conference competitions, and placed sixth at the National competition. 
Mr. Speaker, the example set by these stu-
dents and coaches demonstrates that hard work, dedication, and perseverance deliver re-sults. I am honored to represent them in the United States Congress. I know all of my col-leagues in the House join me in congratulating the SWCC Sports Shooting team on their ac-complishments this year. I wish nothing but continued success to the dedicated members of this team and Southwestern Community College moving forward. 
f 
THANKING ANDREW STRAUGHAN 
FOR HIS SERVICE TO THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
HON. STENY H. HOYER 
OF MARYLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, May 18, 2015 
Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to thank 
Andrew Straughan from Maryland’s Fifth Dis-trict who will be retiring in June after more than thirty-three years of outstanding service to this House in a number of administrative and support roles. I am proud to represent him in Congress. 
Andrew began his career with the House in 
1982 as a laborer, delivering furniture to Mem-bers’ offices and Committee rooms for the Of-fice of the Clerk. By the following year, he was appointed as an inventory control clerk, con-ducting inventory of office furnishings, assist-ing in storeroom management, and helping to create a report for the General Services Ad-ministration. 
When the Office of the Chief Administrative 
Officer was created, Mr. Straughan was named Assistant Supervisor of the Asset Man-agement Division, requiring him to act as a li-aison between the Department of Office Fur-nishings and the House Information Systems. His abilities caught the attention of manage-ment, and in 1994 he was named Manager of 
Logistics and Central Receiving and Warehousing, where he oversaw the Office Supply Warehouse. 
From 2008 to 2010, Andrew was detailed as 
the manager of the Logistics Department, where he developed policies and oversaw a staff of more than forty employees. He then returned to his role as Manager of Central Re-ceiving and Warehousing, the position he cur-rently holds. 
Among his proudest accomplishments are 
being a member of the Source Selection Team for FAIMS, a governmental computer program, and choosing the vendors for pur-chasing. He was named the Contracting Office Representative for both the Warehousing Con-tract and the Temporary Labor Contract for temporary staff hired during Congressional transitions. 
Andrew’s father, Walter Straughan, also 
spent his career with the House as an elec-trician, and his brother, Danny Straughan, cur-rently works for the Senate’s Electrical Depart-ment. 
I congratulate Andrew, and I ask my col-
leagues to join me in thanking him for his dis-tinguished service to the House and to our country. I wish him and his family all the best as Andrew begins a new chapter in his life. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE BIRTH OF 
JAMES HENRY JACKSON 
HON. BRETT GUTHRIE 
OF KENTUCKY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, May 18, 2015 
Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
congratulate Megan Spindel Jackson and her husband, Kyle Jackson, on the birth of their son, James Henry Jackson. 
Henry was born at 11:38 a.m. on Saturday, 
May 16, 2015. Weighing in at 7lbs, 15oz, Henry has his parents beaming with pride. 
With Megan, my Legislative Director/Deputy 
Chief of Staff as his mother, and Kyle, Con-gressman J
EBHENSARLING ’s (TX–05) Legisla-
tive Director/Deputy Chief of Staff as his fa-ther, I trust Henry will be climbing the Capitol Hill ladder in no time at all. 
Megan has been an integral part of my of-
fice’s legislative operation since I first came to Washington, and I am excited to witness her grow into her most important role yet—a Mom. I have no doubt that Megan and Kyle will be phenomenal parents, who are devoted to Henry’s well-being and bright future. 
Congratulations and best wishes to the 
Spindel and Jackson families. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO PASTOR ULYSSES 
PONDER 
HON. HENRY C. ‘‘HANK’’ JOHNSON, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, May 18, 2015 
Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I 
submit the following Proclamation: 
Whereas, in the Fourth Congressional Dis-
trict of Georgia, there are many individuals 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:28 May 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A18MY8.019 E18MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E735 May 18, 2015 
who are called to contribute to the needs of 
our community through leadership and serv-ice; and 
Whereas, Pastor Ulysses Ponder has given 
of himself to lead Poplar Springs Baptist Church these past twenty-seven (27) years; 
and 
Whereas, Pastor Ponder under the guid-
ance of God has pioneered and sustained Poplar Springs Baptist Church as a known crowned jewel in our district for years, enrich-ing the lives of thousands; and 
Whereas, this remarkable and tenacious 
man of God has shared his time and talents for the betterment of our community over the past twenty-seven (27) years by preaching the gospel, teaching the gospel and living the gos-pel; and 
Whereas, Pastor Ponder serves as a man 
of the cloth in the church, community and fam-ily: he is always teaching the Word and he puts the Word into action daily; and 
Whereas, the U.S. Representative of the 
Fourth District of Georgia has set aside this day to honor and recognize Pastor Ulysses Ponder for his leadership and service for our District as he celebrates his 27th Pastoral an-niversary; now therefore, I, H
ENRY C. ‘‘H ANK’’ 
JOHNSON , JR. do hereby proclaim May 3, 2015 
as Pastor Ulysses Ponder Day in the 4th Con-gressional District of Georgia. 
Proclaimed, this 3rd day of May, 2015. 
f 
CONGRATULATING THE GRAND 
HAVEN VFW POST ON 10 SUC-CESSFUL YEARS OF RIB FEST 
HON. BILL HUIZENGA 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, May 18, 2015 
Mr. HUIZENGA of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today to recognize Grand Haven VFW Post 2326 for their efforts to assist veterans and their families through their annual ‘‘Rib Fest’’ fundraiser event. 
Celebrating its 10th year, the Rib Fest event 
brings together West Michigan restaurants to compete in an event that raises funds for vet-erans and their families as well as maintaining the group’s individual VFW post. 
The event’s most significant community con-
tribution is the Ward-Goff Scholarship Fund established by VFW members in honor of Elwin Ward and Richard Goff. The Ward-Goff Scholarship is awarded to a child, grandchild or great-grandchild of a good-standing mem-ber of the Grand Haven VFW post. Each year the award is given in remembrance of these two American patriots who gave their lives for their country during the Vietnam War. 
Through their events like the annual Rib 
Fest, or many other areas of community in-volvement, the Grand Haven VFW Post 2326 continues to prove to future generations the values that make America great. I wish the 2015 Rib Fest all of the best, and look forward to sharing a meal with our veterans. RECOGNIZING NOAH MASIH, WIN-
NER OF NATIONAL NUMBER KNOCKOUT 
HON. TOM EMMER 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, May 18, 2015 
Mr. EMMER of Minnesota. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today in recognition of Noah Masih, a 6th grader from Clearwater, Minnesota. Noah is a national champion, having recently won the National Number Knockout. 
The National Number Knockout is a math 
competition for students ages 9–14, and com-petitors play to improve their calculating speed. The competition involves a board of 36 numbers and use of dice to create an addi-tional variable. Noah beat out 15 other finalists to claim the title. 
I am always awestruck by those who find 
their passion in numbers. Noah’s feat is noth-ing short of impressive, and is a testament to a fantastic homeschooling program. 
I know I speak for the 6th District when I 
say we are so proud of Noah and his accom-plishments, and I look forward with eager an-ticipation to seeing what the future holds for this bright young scholar. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask that this body join me in 
congratulating Noah Masih on his success in mathematics. 
f 
A TRIBUTE TO ELLEN LEMKE 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, May 18, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate Ellen Lemke of Bedford, Iowa on the celebration of her 100th birthday today, on May 18, 2015. 
Ellen is a pillar of her community and has a 
legacy of service to others that we should all aspire to. She is still an active member in her community who volunteers her time at the local nursing home where, as she says, she likes to ‘‘read to the old folks.’’ She also stays involved in her church and other community organizations like the Community Singers, a group that travels to nine surrounding commu-nities to perform to nursing homes. She was awarded the 2013 Iowan of the Day award, an honor that is bestowed to Iowans who have truly made a difference in their communities. She continues to write a weekly news column for the local paper, the Bedford Times Press. 
She has exhibited the integrity, Iowa pride, 
hard work and dedication that make all of us proud. She has left an incredible legacy to her family that includes her children Rita and Henry, and her community as a whole. 
Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to represent 
Ellen in the United States Congress and it is my pleasure to wish her a very happy 100th birthday. I invite my colleagues in the House to join me in congratulating Ms. Lemke on reaching this incredible milestone, and wishing her continued health and happiness in the years to come. PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. NIKI TSONGAS 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, May 18, 2015 
Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Speaker, I will be ab-
sent from the House May 18th through May 21st to attend my daughter’s wedding. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO REV. NIOLENE A. 
DURHAM 
HON. HENRY C. ‘‘HANK’’ JOHNSON, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, May 18, 2015 
Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I 
submit the following Proclamation: 
Whereas, twenty years ago a virtuous 
woman of God accepted her calling to preach and teach the gospel of Jesus Christ at Aman-da Flipper African Methodist Episcopal Church in Decatur, Georgia; and 
Whereas, the Reverend Niolene A. Durham 
under the guidance of God has pioneered and sustained Amanda Flipper African Methodist Episcopal Church as an instrument in our community that uplifts the spiritual, physical and mental welfare of our citizens; and 
Whereas, this phenomenal woman of God 
has shared her time and talents for the better-ment of our community and our nation through her inspiration, words of encouragement, tire-less works, and outreach ministries, that have been and continue to be a beacon of light to those in need; and 
Whereas, Pastor Durham is a spiritual war-
rior, a woman of compassion, a fearless lead-er and a servant to all, but most of all she is a visionary who impacted and transformed our society as a whole by sharing the gospel of Jesus Christ with not only her Church, but with also our District and the world; and 
Whereas, the U.S. Representative of the 
Fourth District of Georgia has set aside this day to honor and recognize Pastor Niolene A. Durham for her outstanding leadership and service to our District; now therefore, I, H
ENRY  
C. ‘‘H ANK’’ JOHNSON , JR. do hereby proclaim 
April 25, 2015 as Reverend Niolene A. Dur-ham Day in the 4th Congressional District. 
Proclaimed, this 25th day of April, 2015. 
f 
HONORING JOSHUE LEYVA FOR 
HIS ACCOMPLISHMENTS AND UN-WAVERING DEDICATION TO SERVING HIS COMMUNITY AND THE COACHELLA VALLEY 
HON. RAUL RUIZ 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, May 18, 2015 
Mr. RUIZ. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to con-
gratulate and recognize Mr. Joshue Leyva, a mature young pre-medical student. Joshue’s talent, integrity, dedication and passion for community service are indications that he un-questionably will fulfill his goal of becoming a doctor and serve the underserved commu-nities of the Coachella Valley. 
Joshue, a second generation immigrant, is a 
shining example of how migrant families con-tribute to and make our great nation stronger. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:28 May 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A18MY8.022 E18MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E736 May 18, 2015 
When Joshue’s family arrived in the U.S. in 
1980, they came with nothing, searching for a new beginning and a better life for their chil-dren. Overcoming hardship through hard work, their son Joshue became the first in his family to graduate from a university, my own alma mater, the University of California, Los Ange-les (UCLA). 
Despite his young age, Joshue has an ex-
tensive list of accomplishments. He was one of the first student participants in the Future Physician Leaders (FPL) mentorship program, created to address the physician shortage cri-sis in our communities. In 2011 Joshue show-cased his leadership, becoming the founder of ‘‘A Healthier Future,’’ a community outreach program to provide health education and med-ical screenings to the most vulnerable popu-lations in the Coachella Valley. He was also a lead research and volunteer coordinator for the Coachella Valley Healthcare Initiative. Joshue’s dedication to community service also crossed national borders when he became a volunteer for the Ministerio de Salud, a pro-gram that every year gives free medical care to vulnerable populations in the city of Guada-lajara, Mexico. 
Joshue Leyva has been an integral and es-
sential part of my District staff, committed to excellence in public service for the betterment of our communities. As he leaves my office to pursue his dreams—an American Dream—I wish him well and look forward to reading about his future accomplishments. 
f 
RECOGNIZING LIEUTENANT COLO-
NEL ALEXANDER H. ISAAC, JR. FOR HIS OUTSTANDING MILI-TARY SERVICE ON THE OCCA-SION OF HIS RETIREMENT 
HON. DANIEL T. KILDEE 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, May 18, 2015 
Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, I ask the United 
States House of Representatives join me in recognizing Lieutenant Colonel Alexander H. Isaac, Jr., for his 22 years of distinguished military service and to congratulate him on his retirement from the United States Armed Forces. 
Lieutenant Colonel Alexander H. Isaac, Jr. 
has been decorated with numerous medals, awards and service distinctions. It is my honor to recognize such a distinguished citizen. 
LTC Isaac began serving his nation in the 
United States Army in 1993 with the 3rd Bat-talion, 14th Infantry Regiment, 2nd Brigade, 10th Mountain Division (Light Infantry). Here he served as a Rifle Platoon Leader, Assistant Operations Officer, and as a Rifle Company Executive Officer. During his time with the ‘‘Golden Dragons,’’ LTC Isaac had multiple de-ployments throughout the United States, Cen-tral America, and a deployment to Haiti as part of Operation UPHOLD DEMOCRACY. In 1999, LTC Isaac assumed command of A Company, 2–2 Infantry, and his company was deployed to Kosovo in support of Operation JOINT GUARDIAN. 
In 2001, LTC Isaac was assigned to Military 
District of Washington as a project officer where he designed the command’s centralized Cyber Operations Center. In 2003, LTC Isaac was selected to support the Coalition Provi-sional Authorities’ staff as Special Projects Li-
aison between the Iraqi Ministry of Commu-nications and U.S. Embassy in Iraq. 
In 2010, LTC Isaac was selected as the 
Task Force liaison to the National Counterter-rorism Center in McLean, Virginia. In 2011, LTC Isaac was one of three officers respon-sible for the establishment of a robust data analytics program within Special Operations Command as well as implementing a next- generation visualization system for the Joint Interagency Task Force—National Capital Re-gion, a subordinate unit within Joint Special Operations Command. 
Mr. Speaker, I applaud Lieutenant Colonel 
Alexander H. Isaac, Jr. and extend my heart-felt appreciation to him for his years of service to our great country. 
f 
50TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE HEAD 
START PROGRAMS 
HON. LINDA T. SA´NCHEZ 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, May 18, 2015 
Ms. LINDA T. SA ´NCHEZ of California. Mr. 
Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the 50th an-niversary of the Head Start program. Since its enactment, Head Start has helped more than 30 million families prepare for a lifetime of learning. Last year, nearly 36 thousand chil-dren in my district were a part of this program. 
Head Start’s fundamental purpose is to en-
sure that every child starts life on an equal playing field, regardless of their parents’ in-come, country of origin, or zip code. It pro-vides hard-working families access to com-prehensive preschool programs that include nutritional, social and other services critical to early childhood development. Education is our nation’s great equalizer—and few investments are more meaningful and have a larger return to society than programs like Head Start. 
It’s simple: when children receive quality, 
early childhood education, we give them the best chance to succeed. Studies have shown that kids who have been through Head Start are healthier, more academically accom-plished, and more likely to make positive con-tributions to society. 
My family understands first-hand just how 
life changing this program is. Head Start gave my family the tools we needed to succeed; tools that stretched well beyond the class-room. I would not be here today if it were not for the life changing resources and quality education that Head Start provided. On this 50th anniversary of Head Start, I renew my commitment to strengthening and extending this vital program, so that every child—regard-less of their circumstance—has the best op-portunity and chance to succeed in life. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. BILLY LONG 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, May 18, 2015 
Mr. LONG. Mr. Speaker,  Friday, May 15, 
2015 I was away from the Capitol to attend my daughter’s graduation from the University of Missouri Medical School. Due to this event, I was unable to vote on any legislative meas-
ures on this date. 
On the amendment of Mr. R
OHRABACHER of 
California, Amendment No. 23 to H.R. 1735, Rollcall Vote No. 233, had I been present I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
On the amendment of Mr. L
AMBORN of Colo-
rado, Amendment No. 27 to H.R. 1735, Roll-call Vote No. 234, had I been present I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
On the amendment of Mr. B
LUMENAUER of 
Oregon, Amendment No. 32 to H.R. 1735, Rollcall Vote No. 235 to H.R. 1735, had I been present I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
On the amendment of Mr. L
UCAS of Okla-
homa, Amendment No. 38 to H.R. 1735, Roll-call Vote No. 236, had I been present I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
On the amendment of Mr. N
ADLER of New 
York, Amendment No. 41 to H.R. 1735, Roll-call Vote No. 237 to H.R. 1735, had I been present I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
On Motion to Recommit with Instructions 
H.R. 1735, Rollcall Vote No. 238, had I been present I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
On Passage of H.R. 1735, to authorize ap-
propriations for fiscal year 2016 for military ac-tivities of the Department of Defense, Rollcall Vote No. 239, had I been present I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
f 
RECOGNIZING FOSTER CARE 
MONTH 
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, May 18, 2015 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize Foster Care Month and ac-knowledge the foster parents, family members, volunteers, mentors, policymakers, child wel-fare professionals, and other community mem-bers who ensure that every child has an op-portunity for a brighter future. 
I am honored to be a founding member of 
the Congressional Caucus for Foster Youth, a caucus that allows Members to gain a better understanding of the current state of foster care throughout the nation and identify poten-tial federal policy modifications that could im-prove outcomes for the children in our coun-try’s foster care systems. 
In my home state of Texas there are more 
than 69,000 children in foster care, which is nearly 14.9 percent of the 463,000 children and youth in foster care nationally. 
Nearly two of every three (65%) of children 
who are not placed in a permanent home emancipate themselves from the system and are often left unemployed, without a place to live and resort to homeless shelters. 
2015 marks the 103rd anniversary of the 
Children’s Bureau which works to support, as-sist, and improve the lives of children in foster care. 
Throughout its history, the Children’s Bu-
reau has published the Minimum Standards of Child Welfare, which acknowledges the impor-tance of keeping children in their own homes or providing a ‘‘home-life’’ experience with fos-ter families as well as overseeing the tem-porary placement of 8,000 European children in WWII. 
Before the creation of the Children’s Bu-
reau, children in foster care would often be 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:28 May 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A18MY8.028 E18MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E737 May 18, 2015 
placed in the hands of private religious organi-
zations. 
Mr. Speaker, it is vital that we continue to 
create more programs, and hold more events and activities to educate and inform Ameri-cans about children successfully placed in per-manent homes, debunk myths about the proc-ess, and acknowledge the thousands of chil-dren who could potentially become a part of these statistics. 
Through these efforts we can increase the 
rate of adoption, decrease the rate of home-lessness among the youths in this group, and help develop future leaders and innovative thinkers of tomorrow. 
I would like to take a moment to recognize 
the families who have opened their hearts and homes to foster children. 
Foster parents play a critical role in the lives 
of some of the most vulnerable youth in Texas and across the country. 
They help hold our nation’s social fabric to-
gether by ensuring that thousands of young people in this country stay on track towards successful futures. 
This month, we celebrate them and their ef-
forts to change the lives of these children. 
National Foster Care Month is an appro-
priate time to recognize and commend all those who are helping to improve the lives of children in foster care. 
But it also serves as a reminder that more 
must be done. 
These children deserve to grow up in a lov-
ing home that is safe, happy, and most impor-tantly one they can call their own. 
f 
HONORING DANIEL J. FELIX ON 
THE OCCASION OF HIS RETIRE-MENT FROM THE U.S. FOREST SERVICE 
HON. RAUL RUIZ 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, May 18, 2015 
Mr. RUIZ. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to honor 
District Chief Daniel J. Felix as he retires after more than 30 years of firefighting service to our nation, the majority of those years dedi-cated to protecting the beautiful mountains of San Bernardino and San Jacinto, located in California’s 36th District. 
In 1983, Mr. Felix started his firefighting ca-
reer as an intern on the Superior National For-est Boundary Waters Canoe Area Wilderness in Minnesota. After obtaining his Masters of Science in Resource Management from the University of Wisconsin—Madison, Mr. Felix volunteered for the Superior National Forest. 
Mr. Felix was later hired on by the Superior 
National Forest in Minnesota and the Olympic National Forest in Washington State. Two years later, Mr. Felix came to the San Bernardino National Forest Heart Bar Station, where he spent his first year fighting fire with the Forest Service. 
In 1997 Mr. Felix was promoted to Captain 
at the Kenworthy Station of the San Jacinto Ranger District. He went on to be promoted to Battalion Chief of San Jacinto Ranger District in 2001, promoted to Forest Fuels Officer on San Bernardino National Forest in 2007, and in 2010 promoted to District Fire Management Officer in the San Jacinto Ranger District. 
Mr. Speaker, Chief Felix’s dedication to the 
protection of our forests and the safety of our residents deserves acknowledgment. On be-
half of all the mountain communities and the residents of California’s 36th Congressional District, I would like to thank and congratulate Mr. Felix for his service and wish him well in his retirement. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. JOHN A. YARMUTH 
OF KENTUCKY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, May 18, 2015 
Mr. YARMUTH. Mr. Speaker, I unfortunately 
was unable to be present for several votes taken on the House floor on April 30 and May 1, 2015, missing Roll Call Votes #192 through #215. Had I been present, I would have voted in the following manner: 
Roll Call #192: YEA. Roll Call #193: NAY. Roll Call #194: NAY. Roll Call #195: NAY. Roll Call #196: YEA. Roll Call #197: NAY. Roll Call #198: YEA. Roll Call #199: NAY. Roll Call #200: NAY. Roll Call #201: YEA. Roll Call #202: YEA. Roll Call #203: YEA. Roll Call #204: YEA. 
Roll Call #205: NAY. Roll Call #206: NAY. Roll Call #207: NAY. Roll Call #208: NAY. Roll Call #209: NAY. Roll Call #210: NAY. Roll Call #211: NAY. Roll Call #212: NAY. Roll Call #213: NAY. Roll Call #214: YEA. Roll Call #215: NAY. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO RACHEL JACOBS 
HON. DEBBIE DINGELL 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, May 18, 2015 
Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, today, I at-
tended the funeral of Rachel Jacobs, a wife, mother, daughter and a native Michigander, who was taken far too soon. Rachel’s parents are friends of many of us in the Michigan Con-gressional Delegation and we watched her mature into an incredible young woman. 
Last week, Rachel was on her way home to 
New York to her husband and two-year-old son when her Amtrak train derailed in Phila-delphia, killing Rachel and seven other pas-sengers. 
This was a senseless tragedy. Rachel’s life was cut short when she was 
just making her mark on this world. She had recently started a job as CEO of an education software startup and was enjoying the success of running her own company. 
Rachel was an incredible businesswoman, 
but more than that, she was kind, generous, compassionate, caring and a true advocate for priorities she cared about. She touched count-less lives from Michigan to New York. 
This weekend at a Memorial Service in New 
York City, her friends called her a ‘‘beacon of light.’’ Those sentiments were echoed today at 
her funeral in Southfield, Michigan. 
Her friends spoke of her zest for life and her 
infectious energy and enthusiasm. 
Rachel used that energy and enthusiasm to 
give back to the hometown she loved. She founded the non-profit, Detroit Nation, to bring together former Detroit residents in support of the economic development and cultural inno-vation of the region. 
Rachel lived a life worth celebrating. No 
words can make this better for her family or loved ones, and no action can bring her back. Her parents today were torn by grief and look-ing for answers they could not find. 
All of us in this chamber have a moral re-
sponsibility to do what we can to understand what happened to cause that accident on the railways and ensure a tragedy like this never happens again. 
We must hold ourselves accountable for fix-
ing this—for ensuring the transportation sys-tems America depends on are safe and se-cure and no more families or friends are robbed of the people they love and no more communities are left with a hole of losing someone who was the glue for so many. 
We owe it to Rachel and her family, and to 
all those who lost loved ones in this senseless tragedy, to understand the problem and pledge to never let this happen again. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO SAMI ANDERSON 
HON. RODNEY DAVIS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, May 18, 2015 
Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise today to congratulate Sami Anderson of Champaign, Illinois on being selected as a 2015 Elizabeth Dole Foundation Fellow. This program recognizes military and veteran care-givers who go above and beyond to advocate on behalf of our nation’s 5.5 million parents, spouses, children and other loved ones caring for our nation’s wounded warriors. 
Sami has exemplified extraordinary commit-
ment to veterans throughout her personal and professional life. In 2005 her husband, U.S. Army Sergeant Garrett Anderson, lost his arm and suffered a traumatic brain injury when an improvised explosive device detonated under his Humvee during a patrol mission in Iraq. Demonstrating great perseverance, together they were able to overcome many challenges on the way to Garrett’s successful, recovery. 
After leaving the Army, Garrett continued to 
serve his country as a part of my staff where he was responsible for outreach and con-stituent service to his fellow veterans. During his tenure with my office I also had the privi-lege of seeing Sami’s efforts first hand. 
As part of her fellowship, she will have the 
opportunity to talk with leaders in Washington, D.C. to address the challenges faced by our veterans and their caregivers. I have no doubt that she will be an effective advocate. 
It is my goal to ensure we provide our vet-
erans with the benefits and care that they de-serve. I thank Sami and the Elizabeth Dole Foundation for their part in fulfilling that goal. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:28 May 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18MY8.031 E18MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E738 May 18, 2015 
COMMENDING VALERIE S. VELEZ 
FOR COORDINATING THE PEER LEADERS UNITING STUDENTS PROGRAM (PLUS) TO ADVOCATE FOR ENVIRONMENTAL PREVEN-TION POLICIES AND TO REDUCE TOBACCO USE AMONG YOUTH 
HON. RAUL RUIZ 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, May 18, 2015 
Mr. RUIZ. Mr. Speaker, today I am honored 
to recognize Health Education Program Spe-cialist, Valerie S. Velez for her tireless efforts to preserve the Peer Leaders Uniting Students (PLUS) program that engages student leaders to address the social issues in their commu-nity. This year they have chosen to focus on eliminating social disparities in tobacco use in the local community of Hemet, California. 
Ms. Velez has been working as a Health 
Education Program Specialist at the Hemet Unified School District (HUSD) since 1992. She earned a Master’s degree in Public Health from U.C. Berkeley and B.S. from U.C. Davis in Applied Behavioral Sciences. In addi-tion, Ms. Velez has been responsible for co-ordinating a wide variety of programs, includ-ing health education and safe school climate programs for HUSD; federal initiatives from the U.S. Department of Education, and the State Tobacco Use Prevention Education grant. 
The PLUS program engages middle and 
high school students as peer leaders pro-moting mutual understanding and respect on their campuses, working toward innovating so-lutions that create more welcoming, positive and connected school environments in which students can thrive socially and academically. 
In 2014, almost 100 students from the 
HUSD began collaborating with the Hemet Community Action Network and the California Department of Public Health to improve social disparities in tobacco use in the local commu-nity through youth advocacy. Students also made a presentation to the City Council to demonstrate the detrimental health effects of second hand smoke and tobacco waste. Soon after, the City Council adopted a landmark or-dinance for the City of Hemet that bans to-bacco use in parks. 
I am pleased to recognize Ms. Velez for her 
service and for being a champion for the PLUS program, in the face of budget obsta-cles. 
For her work and on behalf of the HUSD 
students, I applaud Ms. Velez on her dedica-tion to make our community better and look forward to even more accomplishments in the future. 
f 
200 YEARS OF EXEMPLARY SERV-
ICE FROM MOBILE DISTRICT, U.S. ARMY CORPS OF ENGINEERS 
HON. BRADLEY BYRNE 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, May 18, 2015 
Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, on May 4, 1815, 
the Chief of Engineers issued orders to Lieu-tenant Hipolite Dumas, which began the long and proud history of engineering service to the Gulf Coast and Mobile. Mobile District, U.S. Army Corps of Engi-
neers is celebrating 200 years of exemplary service to the Southeast region, the U.S. mili-tary and the Nation. 
For its first 70 years in Mobile and along the 
Gulf Coast, these engineers surveyed and for-tified the southern coast from St. Marks River in Florida to Lake Pontchartrain to the west. Forts were the key elements of the coastal de-fense system, but complementary structures such as lighthouses and towers were also constructed. In addition to the coastal fortifica-tions, Gulf Coast engineers also began sur-veys to look at connecting the inland water-ways with the Tennessee-Coosa River canal study. 
Following the Civil War, in 1870, an engi-
neer office was opened in Mobile, Alabama. Eighteen years later the Mobile District was of-ficially established in a formal reorganization of operations at the national level. 
The nation turned toward rebuilding the 
economy after the Civil War and developing the nation’s transportation system became a positive, tangible means of measuring progress. Major navigation surveys were con-ducted on Southeastern rivers such as the Coosa River, the Apalachicola-Chattahoochee Flint, the Black Warrior, Tennessee- Tombigbee, and the Alabama River between 1870 and 1879. 
When Mobile District was established in 
1888, the District’s boundaries were from the Escambia River westward to the East Pearl River. Montgomery District had responsibilities from the Escambia River eastward to St. Marks River in Florida. In 1933 the two dis-tricts merged into one, the Mobile District. The District also was also given responsibilities for all military construction for the Army and Army Air Corps in Mississippi, Tennessee and Ala-bama. 
The 1930’s were a busy time for the Motile 
District. Modernization of the Black Warrior River system began, taking the number of locks required to transit the waterway from 17 to 5. Construction of Brookley Field, the Southeast Army Air Depot and the Mobile Air Service Command during World War II began. The Flood Control Act of 1936 set into motion a national flood protection plan and gave the Corps jurisdiction over federal flood control protection investigation and river improve-ments. 
As busy as the 1930’s were, World War II 
resulted in the largest wartime mobilization ef-fort ever for the United States. The magnitude of Mobile District’s work can be judged by ex-penditure for construction. Between December 1941 and December 1943, nearly $1 billion was expended in the District on facilities that included 32 Army airfields, an ordnance train-ing center, two arsenals, three Army ground force depots, five harbor defense installations, nine Civil Aviation Administration airfields, two Army Air Force supply depots, one Army Air Force cantonment, six Ordnance manufac-turing plants, nine Army ground force canton-ments and six special installations. 
In the 1950’s construction of Buford Dam in 
Georgia was initiated, Jim Woodruff Lock and Dam was completed, Walter F. George Lock and Dam construction began and the Army Ballistic Missile Agency was established at Redstone Arsenal, Huntsville, Alabama in 1956. 
In 1959 NASA was established at Redstone 
Arsenal for the Saturn Project. The construc-tion of facilities for the Saturn project, a rocket 
program that was the work of the von Braun team at Redstone, was one of Mobile District’s biggest projects. The District was responsible for the testing facilities at Redstone Arsenal associated with the Saturn booster, and even-tually one of the major construction projects of the post Korean War period, the Mississippi Test Facility. 
In the 1960’s, the District continued the leg-
acy of improving and developing the Nation’s inland waterway transportation system. West Point Dam was authorized, Carters Dam on the Coosawattee River and Millers Ferry Lock and Dam on the Alabama River began. Con-struction of the Claiborne Lock and Dam and Robert F. Henry Lock and Dam also began in the 60’s. 
In the 1970’s Mobile again took on new re-
sponsibilities. Construction responsibility for Cape Canaveral District was shifted to Mobile. Military construction in Florida, the Panama Canal activities and Central/South America programs were also shifted to Mobile. The 1970’s also saw construction begin on the Tennessee-Tombigbee Waterway, at the time the largest Civil Works project in Corps his-tory. 
The 70’s ended with Hurricane Fredric hit-
ting Mobile on September 12, 1979. Under Public Law 84–99 the Corps was authorized to provide emergency assistance during disas-ters. The States of Alabama, Florida and Mis-sissippi were all declared Federal disaster areas. Mobile District has been a national leader in emergency response actions for the Corps. Through the District’s innovation the Corps developed a national-level Detachable Tactical Operations System to provide imme-diate support to disaster stricken areas. This was never more evident than after 9/11 when the District supported the New York City police and fire departments with these units. 
The 80’s saw innovation within the Corps, 
with Mobile District once again leading the way. Life Cycle/Project Management was first tested and then established in Mobile District. It has now become the standard for Corps management. This decade also saw the open-ing of the Tennessee-Tombigbee Waterway to navigation, creating the transportation artery from the Gulf Coast to the Nation’s mid-sec-tion first envisioned in the mid 1800’s. Base Realignment and Closure also began in the 80’s. Mobile District has been involved in all the BRAC National Environmental Policy Act requirements for BRAC from 1988 until the present. 
The closing decade of the 1900’s once 
again revealed Mobile’s innovation. In 1994 the Scanning Hydrographic Operational Air-borne Lidar Survey, or SHOALS, was first tested. This innovative 3–D technology was adapted for underwater mapping. When later combined with the U.S. Navy’s CHARTS sys-tem, the team became a world leader in un-derwater mapping. The 1990s also saw the completion of the J–6 Large Rocket Test Fa-cility, the completion of the John J. Sparkman Center located at the U.S. Army Arsenal at Redstone, Alabama. The Sparkman Center and follow on phases, encompasses more than 1 million square feet and is one of the most modern military facilities in the world. 
As the Nation entered the new century Mo-
bile District continued its record of excellence. The Von Braun Center at Redstone Arsenal was completed in 2014 and is home to the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:28 May 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A18MY8.036 E18MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E739 May 18, 2015 
Space and Missile Defense Command and the 
Missile Defense Agency. The District re-sponded to and assisted in recovery oper-ations when four hurricanes struck the State of Florida in 2004. In 2005, Mobile District began a comprehensive analysis and design for the Mississippi coastal counties to make them more resilient and less susceptible to risk from hurricane and storm damage following the devastating landfall of Hurricane Katrina along the Mississippi coast. From this analysis came the Mississippi Coastal Improvement Program, an innovative approach to achieving the goal of a more resilient coast. 
Since 2000, Mobile has also completed four 
Headquarters complexes for major key com-mands, U.S. Central Command, U.S. Southern Command, U.S. Army Material Command and the U.S. Special Operations Command. They also were the design and construction agent for the new cantonment area and training ranges for the 7th Special Forces Group (Air-borne) which relocated from Fort Bragg, North Carolina to Eglin Air Force Base, Florida. They are also responsible for the construction of various facilities at Eglin Air Force Base to support the Joint Strike Fighter program. 
Mobile District continues to serve a variety 
of programs and missions in Alabama, Florida, Georgia, Mississippi, Tennessee and Central and South America. While I know my col-leagues from these States are as appreciative as I am for their work, I am especially proud to have the District Headquarters in my District and in Mobile. 
It is with pride that I say, Happy Birthday to 
Mobile District on your two hundred years of exemplary, innovative and dedicated service. On behalf of a grateful Nation, thank you to all the civilian and military members of the Mobile District for all you have done. 
f 
COMMEMORATING THE 50TH 
ANNIVERSARY OF HEAD START 
HON. FILEMON VELA 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, May 18, 2015 
Mr. VELA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to com-
memorate the 50th Anniversary of Head Start, which provides children from low-income fami-lies access to comprehensive preschool pro-grams and prepares children for success in kindergarten and beyond. 
On May 18, 1965, President Lyndon B. 
Johnson launched Project Head Start as an eight-week summer demonstration project to teach low-income students needed skills be-fore they started kindergarten. Over the past 50 years, Head Start has served 30 million children and families across the country who earn less than 100 percent of the federal pov-erty line or who have a disability. 
Head Start is administered by the Depart-
ment of Health and Human Services (HHS) and directly supports local agencies delivering services. The services Head Start children and their families receive include education, nutri-tion, dental, health, mental health transition, parental involvement and complete social service support. This strong support network provides the tools families need for their chil-dren to succeed upon entering primary school. 
Continued access to the Early Head Start 
and Head Start programs helps ensure that children develop the academic and life skills 
they need to succeed in their academic ca-reers. Head Start alumni are more likely to fin-ish high school, go to college, and be in good health, and are less likely to commit a crime. In 2012, HHS conducted a study that by the end of the 3rd grade, children who participated in the program were more likely to have favor-able social emotional developmental outcomes and favorable cognitive impacts. 
For 50 years, this program has given chil-
dren the tools to succeed by ensuring a high quality education and access to healthcare and social services. The Head Start program represents a critical investment in the edu-cation of our nation’s children. 
In 2014, local affiliates like Neighbors in 
Need of Services Inc. (NINOS) and Commu-nity Action Corporation of South Texas (CACOST) served over 8,000 children in the 34th District of Texas. These organizations help improve the lives of children and their families in South Texas. Mr. Speaker, I con-gratulate Head Start on its 50th Anniversary today, and I wish continued success to all the Head Start staff and volunteers who are help-ing people, changing lives, and building com-munities. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE 50TH ANNI-
VERSARY OF THE HEAD START PROGRAM 
HON. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, May 18, 2015 
Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of the 50th Anniversary of Head Start. ‘‘Project Head Start’’ was launched by President Lyndon B. Johnson on May 18, 1965. Originally designed as an eight week summer demonstration project, Head Start has expanded into an array of prerchool programs that provides chil-dren from low-income families with a com-prehensive array of services to prepare them for successful entry into kindergarten and illu-minates the pathway for a brighter future. 
In the State of Texas, 71,465 children and 
pregnant women were benefitted by Head Start last year. 4,068 of those served were from the 30th Congressional District of Texas—the district that I serve. Head Start is instrumental in uplifting families in my home state by providing resources to families who, just like you and me, want to see their children reach their full potential. 
In its 50 year history, Head Start has served 
more than 30 million children and their fami-lies. Head Start alumni are more likely to finish high school, continue on to college and be-come self-reliant wage earners. This is only possible because of the access to services Head Start provides to disadvantaged chil-dren. It is important that, at this critical junc-ture in our nation’s history, we increase our support of all Head Start programs. Every child in America should be afforded an equal opportunity to succeed, regardless of their socio-economic background. 
President Obama recently called upon all 
Americans, including leaders of private and philanthropic organizations, communities and governments at every level, to make invest-ments in our next generation of thinkers, dreamers and doers. Investing in early child-
hood education is one of the best investments we can make as a nation. There is no better way to strengthen our economy and bolster our communities. 
As a body of legislators, we have an oppor-
tunity and a responsibility to lead by example. We can help hardworking, low-income families build pathways out of poverty. We owe it to our future and the future of our great nation to ensure that all of our children have all equal opportunity to succeed. If, as a society, we are serious about giving children a bright and promising future, we must increase our invest-ment and expand the vital programs Head Start offers. 
Mr. Speaker, today, as we celebrate the 
50th Anniversary of Head Start, I ask, that as a body, we reaffirm our investment in the chil-dren of America. Now is the time to expand upon the vision of President Lyndon Baines Johnson and his ‘‘Great Society’’ programs that resulted in the creation of Head Start. I urge my colleagues to support bipartisan ef-forts to give all of America’s children a head start in life and close the educational oppor-tunity gap. 
f 
HONORING DR. TOMA ´S MORALES 
ON THE OCCASION OF HIS AP-POINTMENT AS NATIONAL CHAIRMAN OF THE HISPANIC AS-SOCIATION OF COLLEGES AND UNIVERSITIES 
HON. RAUL RUIZ 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, May 18, 2015 
Mr. RUIZ. Mr. Speaker, today I am honored 
to recognize California State University, San Bernardino (CSUSB) President, Dr. Toma ´s 
Morales on his appointment to serve as Na-tional Chairman of the Hispanic Association of Colleges and Universities (HACU). 
Dr. Morales has led a life of distinguished 
service as an Educator and University Presi-dent, and has held senior positions at three of the largest public universities in the nation, in-cluding California State University (CSU), The State University of New York (SUNY) and the City University of New York (CUNY). Among his many contributions to higher education, Dr. Morales has also served as Co-Chair of the National Task Force on College Readiness for the American Association of State Colleges and Universities, creating a roadmap for K–12 school systems to prepare students for college upon graduation. 
Born in Puerto Rico and raised in New York, 
Dr. Morales knows firsthand the struggles our youth face as they strive to achieve the Amer-ican Dream through higher education. Growing up, Dr. Morales worked hard by delivering newspapers and cleaning apartment floors be-fore realizing his own dreams through edu-cation. 
Overcoming adversity, Dr. Morales went on 
to earn a bachelor’s degree in history from SUNY New Paltz and a master’s degree and doctorate in educational administration and policy studies from SUNY Albany. 
I am proud to recognize Dr. Morales’ nearly 
four decades of service and look forward to seeing the vision and leadership he will bring to the National Hispanic Association of Col-leges and Universities and their mission to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:28 May 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A18MY8.037 E18MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E740 May 18, 2015 
promote the development of member colleges 
and universities to improve the access to and the quality of post-secondary educational op-portunities for Hispanic students. 
For his work on behalf of aspiring students, 
I congratulate Dr. Morales on his appointment to serve as the President of the Hispanic As-sociation of Colleges and Universities and look forward to his future success. 
SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS 
Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, 
agreed to by the Senate of February 4, 1977, calls for establishment of a sys-tem for a computerized schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate com-mittees, subcommittees, joint commit-tees, and committees of conference. This title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate Daily Digest—designated by the Rules Com-mittee—of the time, place and purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or changes in the meetings as they occur. 
As an additional procedure along 
with the computerization of this infor-mation, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD  
on Monday and Wednesday of each week. 
Meetings scheduled for Monday, May 
18, 2015 may be found in the Daily Di-gest of today’s R
ECORD . 
MEETINGS SCHEDULED 
MAY 19 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and 
Transportation 
To hold hearings to examine Federal 
Aviation Administration reauthoriza-tion, focusing on air traffic control modernization and reform. 
SR–253 
Committee on Energy and Natural Re-
sources 
To hold hearings to examine S. 562, to 
promote exploration for geothermal re-sources, S. 822, to expand geothermal production, S. 1026, to amend the En-ergy Independence and Security Act of 2007 to repeal a provision prohibiting Federal agencies from procuring alter-native fuels, S. 1057, to promote geo-thermal energy, S. 1058, to promote re-search, development, and demonstra-tion of marine and hydrokinetic renew-able energy technologies, S. 1103, to re-instate and extend the deadline for commencement of construction of a hydroelectric project involving Clark Canyon Dam, S. 1104, to extend the deadline for commencement of con-struction of a hydroelectric project in-volving the Gibson Dam, S. 1199, to au-thorize Federal agencies to provide al-ternative fuel to Federal employees on a reimbursable basis, S. 1215, to amend the Methane Hydrate Research and De-velopment Act of 2000 to provide for the development of methane hydrate as a commercially viable source of en-ergy, S. 1222, to amend the Federal Power Act to provide for reports relat-ing to electric capacity resources of transmission organizations and the amendment of certain tariffs to address the procurement of electric capacity resources, S. 1224, to reconcile differing Federal approaches to condensate, S. 
1226, to amend the Mineral Leasing Act and the Mineral Leasing Act for Ac-quired Lands to promote a greater do-mestic helium supply, to establish a Federal helium leasing program for public land, and to secure a helium supply for national defense and Federal researchers, S. 1236, to amend the Fed-eral Power Act to modify certain re-quirements relating to trial-type hear-ings with respect to certain license ap-plications before the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, S. 1264, to amend the Public Utility Regulatory Policies Act of 1978 to establish a re-newable electricity standard, S. 1270, to amend the Energy Policy Act of 2005 to reauthorize hydroelectric production incentives and hydroelectric efficiency improvement incentives, S. 1271, to re-quire the Secretary of the Interior to issue regulations to prevent or mini-mize the venting and flaring of gas in oil and gas production operations in the United States, S. 1272, to direct the Comptroller General of the United States to conduct a study on the ef-fects of forward capacity auctions and other capacity mechanisms, S. 1276, to amend the Gulf of Mexico Energy Secu-rity Act of 2006 to increase energy ex-ploration and production on the outer Continental Shelf in the Gulf of Mex-ico, S. 1278, to amend the Outer Conti-nental Shelf Lands Act to provide for the conduct of certain lease sales in the Alaska outer Continental Shelf re-gion, to make certain modifications to the North Slope Science Initiative, S. 1279, to provide for revenue sharing of qualified revenues from leases in the South Atlantic planning area, S. 1280, to direct the Secretary of the Interior to establish an annual production in-centive fee with respect to Federal on-shore and offshore land that is subject to a lease for production of oil or nat-ural gas under which production is not occurring, S. 1282, to amend the Energy Policy Act of 2005 to require the Sec-retary of Energy to consider the objec-tive of improving the conversion, use, and storage of carbon dioxide produced from fossil fuels in carrying out re-search and development programs under that Act, S. 1283, to amend the Energy Policy Act of 2005 to repeal cer-tain programs, to establish a coal tech-nology program, S. 1285, to authorize the Secretary of Energy to enter into 
contracts to provide certain price sta-bilization support relating to electric generation units that use coal-based generation technology, S. 1294, to re-quire the Secretary of Energy and the Secretary of Agriculture to collaborate in promoting the development of effi-cient, economical, and environ-mentally sustainable thermally led wood energy systems, and S. 1304, to re-quire the Secretary of Energy to estab-lish a pilot competitive grant program for the development of a skilled energy workforce. 
SD–366 
Committee on Environment and Public 
Works 
Subcommittee on Fisheries, Water, and 
Wildlife 
To hold hearings to examine S. 1140, to 
require the Secretary of the Army and the Administrator of the Environ-mental Protection Agency to propose a regulation revising the definition of the term ‘‘waters of the United States’’. 
SD–406 Committee on Finance 
To hold hearings to examine how to safe-
ly reduce reliance on foster care group homes. 
SD–215 
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, 
and Pensions 
To hold an oversight hearing to examine 
the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, focusing on examining EEOC’s enforcement and litigation pro-grams. 
SD–430 
10:30 a.m. 
Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Military Construction 
and Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies 
Business meeting to consider an original 
bill entitled, ‘‘Military Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2016’’. 
SD–124 
Committee on the Budget 
To hold an oversight hearing to examine 
the Congressional Budget Office. 
SD–608 
2 p.m. 
Committee on Small Business and Entre-
preneurship 
To hold hearings to examine proposed en-
vironmental regulation’s impacts on America’s small businesses. 
SR–428A 
2:30 p.m. 
Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Energy and Water Devel-
opment 
Business meeting to consider an original 
bill entitled, ‘‘Energy and Water Devel-opment Appropriations Act, 2016’’. 
SD–138 
Committee on the Judiciary Subcommittee on Crime and Terrorism 
To hold hearings to examine body cam-
eras, focusing on whether technology can increase protection for law enforce-ment officers and the public. 
SD–226 
Select Committee on Intelligence 
To receive a closed briefing on certain 
intelligence matters. 
SH–219 
2:45 p.m. 
Committee on Foreign Relations 
To hold hearings to examine the nomina-
tions of Mileydi Guilarte, of the Dis-trict of Columbia, to be United States Alternate Executive Director of the Inter-American Development Bank, Jennifer Ann Haverkamp, of Indiana, to be Assistant Secretary for Oceans and International Environmental and Scientific Affairs, and Brian James Egan, of Maryland, to be Legal Ad-viser, both of the Department of State, Marcia Denise Occomy, of the District of Columbia, to be United States Direc-tor of the African Development Bank for a term of five years, and Sunil Sabharwal, of California, to be United States Alternate Executive Director of the International Monetary Fund for a term of two years. 
SD–419 
MAY 20 
9:30 a.m. 
Committee on Environment and Public 
Works 
Subcommittee on Superfund, Waste Man-
agement, and Regulatory Oversight 
To hold an oversight hearing to examine 
scientific advisory panels and processes at the Environmental Protection Agen-cy, including S. 543, to amend the Envi-ronmental Research, Development, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:28 May 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18MY8.040 E18MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E741 May 18, 2015 
Demonstration Authorization Act of 
1978 to provide for Scientific Advisory Board member qualifications, public participation. 
SD–406 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Foreign Relations 
To hold hearings to examine U.S. Cuban 
relations, focusing on the way forward. 
SD–419 
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, 
and Pensions 
To hold hearings to examine reauthor-
izing the Higher Education Act, focus-ing on exploring institutional risk- sharing. 
SD–430 
Committee on Homeland Security and 
Governmental Affairs 
Subcommittee on Regulatory Affairs and 
Federal Management 
To hold hearings to examine 21st century 
ideas for the 20th century Federal civil service. 
SD–342 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs 
To hold a joint hearing with the House 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs to ex-amine the legislative presentation of multiple veterans service organiza-tions. 
SH–216 
10:30 a.m. 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and 
Transportation 
Business meeting to consider S. 1331, to 
help enhance commerce through im-proved seasonal forecasts, S. 1297, to update the Commercial Space Launch Act by amending title 51, United States Code, to promote competitiveness of the U.S. commercial space sector, S. 1326, to amend certain maritime pro-grams of the Department of Transpor-tation, S. 1040, to direct the Consumer Product Safety Commission and the National Academy of Sciences to study the vehicle handling requirements pro-posed by the Commission for rec-reational off-highway vehicles and to prohibit the adoption of any such re-quirements until the completion of the study, S. 1359, to allow manufacturers to meet warranty and labeling require-ments for consumer products by dis-playing the terms of warranties on Internet websites, S. 806, to amend sec-tion 31306 of title 49, United States Code, to recognize hair as an alter-native specimen for preemployment and random controlled substances test-
ing of commercial motor vehicle driv-ers and for other purposes, S. 1315, to protect the right of law-abiding citi-zens to transport knives interstate, notwithstanding a patchwork of local and State prohibitions, S. 1334, to strengthen enforcement mechanisms to stop illegal, unreported, and unregu-lated fishing, to amend the Tuna Con-ventions Act of 1950 to implement the Antigua Convention, S. 1335, to imple-ment the Convention on the Conserva-tion and Management of the High Seas Fisheries Resources in the North Pa-cific Ocean, as adopted at Tokyo on February 24, 2012, S. 1251, to implement the Amendment to the Convention on Future Multilateral Cooperation in the Northwest Atlantic Fisheries, as adopt-ed by Lisbon, Portugal on September 28, 2007, S. 1336, to implement the Con-vention on the Conservation and Man-agement of the High Seas Fishery Re-sources in the South Pacific Ocean, as adopted at Auckland on November 14, 2009, H.R. 1020, to define STEM edu-cation to include computer science, and to support existing STEM edu-
cation programs at the National Science Foundation, H.R. 710, to re-quire the Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity to prepare a comprehensive secu-rity assessment of the transportation security card program, and the nomi-nations of Daniel R. Elliott III, of Ohio, to be a Member of the Surface Trans-portation Board for a term expiring De-cember 31, 2018, Mario Cordero, of Cali-fornia, to be a Federal Maritime Com-missioner for the term expiring June 30, 2019, and a routine list in the Coast Guard. 
SR–253 
11 a.m. 
Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Department of Defense 
To receive a closed briefing on Syria. 
SVC–217 
2:15 p.m. 
Committee on Indian Affairs 
To hold an oversight hearing to examine 
addressing the needs of Native commu-nities through Indian Water Rights Settlements. 
SD–628 
Special Committee on Aging 
To hold hearings to examine solutions to 
the hospital observation stay crisis. 
SD–562 
2:30 p.m. 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and 
Transportation 
Subcommittee on Oceans, Atmosphere, 
Fisheries, and Coast Guard 
To hold hearings to examine improve-
ments and innovations in fishery man-agement and data collection. 
SR–253 
Committee on Foreign Relations 
To hold hearings to examine the nomina-
tions of Gregory T. Delawie, of Vir-ginia, to be Ambassador to the Repub-lic of Kosovo, Ian C. Kelly, of Illinois, to be Ambassador to Georgia, Nancy Bikoff Pettit, of Virginia, to be Ambas-sador to the Republic of Latvia, and Azita Raji, of California, to be Ambas-sador to the Kingdom of Sweden, all of the Department of State. 
SD–419 
Committee on the Judiciary Subcommittee on the Constitution 
To hold hearings to examine taking sex-
ual assault seriously, focusing on the rape kit backlog and human rights. 
SD–226 
MAY 21 
9:15 a.m. 
Committee on Foreign Relations 
Business meeting to consider S. 802, to 
authorize the Secretary of State and the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development to provide assistance to support the rights of women and girls in developing countries, S. 868, to establish a fund to make payment to the Americans held hostage in Iran, and to members of their families, who are identified as members of the proposed class in case number 1:00-CV–03110 (ESG) of the United States District Court for the District of Columbia, S. Res. 87, to ex-press the sense of the Senate regarding the rise of anti-Semitism in Europe and to encourage greater cooperation with the European governments, the European Union, and the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Eu-rope in preventing and responding to anti-Semitism, the nominations of Charles C. Adams, Jr., of Maryland, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Fin-land, Cassandra Q. Butts, of the Dis-
trict of Columbia, to be Ambassador to the Commonwealth of The Bahamas, Paul A. Folmsbee, of Oklahoma, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Mali, Stafford Fitzgerald Haney, of New Jer-sey, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Costa Rica, Mary Catherine Phee, of Illinois, to be Ambassador to the Re-public of South Sudan, and Gentry O. Smith, of North Carolina, to be Direc-tor of the Office of Foreign Missions, and to have the rank of Ambassador during his tenure of service, all of the Department of State, Matthew T. McGuire, of the District of Columbia, to be United States Executive Director of the International Bank for Recon-struction and Development for a term of two years, and routine lists in the Foreign Service. 
SD–419 
9:30 a.m. 
Committee on Homeland Security and 
Governmental Affairs 
To hold hearings to examine under-
standing America’s long-term fiscal picture. 
SD–342 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and 
Forestry 
Business meeting to consider pending 
legislation, and the nomination of Jef-frey Michael Prieto, of California, to be General Counsel of the Department of Agriculture. 
SR–328A 
Committee on Banking, Housing, and 
Urban Affairs 
Business meeting to markup an original 
bill entitled, ‘‘The Financial Regu-latory Improvement Act of 2015’’. 
SD–538 
Committee on the Judiciary 
Business meeting to consider pending 
calendar business. 
SD–226 
10:30 a.m. 
Committee on Appropriations 
Business meeting to consider the fiscal 
year 2016 302(b) allocations, an original bill entitled, ‘‘Energy and Water Devel-opment Appropriations Act, 2016’’, and an original bill entitled, ‘‘Military Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Re-lated Agencies Appropriations Act, 2016’’. 
SH–216 
2:30 p.m. 
Committee on Energy and Natural Re-
sources 
Subcommittee on Public Lands, Forests, 
and Mining 
To hold hearings to examine S. 160, and 
H.R. 373, to direct the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Agri-culture to expedite access to certain Federal land under the administrative jurisdiction of each Secretary for good Samaritan search-and-recovery mis-sions, S. 365, to improve rangeland con-ditions and restore grazing levels with-in the Grand Staircase-Escalante Na-tional Monument, Utah, S. 472, to pro-mote conservation, improve public land, and provide for sensible develop-ment in Douglas County, Nevada, S. 583, to establish certain wilderness areas in central Idaho and to authorize various land conveyances involving Na-tional Forest System land and Bureau of Land Management land in central Idaho, S. 814, to provide for the convey-ance of certain Federal land in the State of Oregon to the Confederated Tribes of Coos, Lower Umpqua, and Siuslaw Indians, S. 815, to provide for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:28 May 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\M18MY8.000 E18MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E742 May 18, 2015 
the conveyance of certain Federal land 
in the State of Oregon to the Cow 
Creek Band of Umpqua Tribe of Indi-ans, and S. 1240, to designate the Cerro del Yuta and Rio San Antonio Wilder-ness Areas in the State of New Mexico. 
SD–366 
Select Committee on Intelligence 
To receive a closed briefing on certain 
intelligence matters. 
SH–219 
JUNE 4 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Energy and Natural Re-
sources 
To hold hearings to examine S. 454, to 
amend the Department of Energy High- End Computing Revitalization Act of 2004 to improve the high-end com-puting research and development pro-gram of the Department of Energy, S. 784, to direct the Secretary of Energy to establish microlabs to improve re-gional engagement with national lab-oratories, S. 1033, to amend the Depart-ment of Energy Organization Act to re-place the current requirement for a bi-ennial energy policy plan with a Quad-rennial Energy Review, S. 1054, to im-prove the productivity and energy effi-ciency of the manufacturing sector by directing the Secretary of Energy, in coordination with the National Acad-
emies and other appropriate Federal agencies, to develop a national smart manufacturing plan and to provide as-sistance to small-and medium-sized manufacturers in implementing smart manufacturing programs, S. 1068, to amend the Federal Power Act to pro-tect the bulk-power system from cyber security threats, S. 1181, to expand the Advanced Technology Vehicle Manu-facturing Program to include commer-cial trucks and United States flagged vessels, to return unspent funds and loan proceeds to the United States Treasury to reduce the national debt, S. 1187, to improve management of the National Laboratories, enhance tech-nology commercialization, facilitate public-private partnerships, S. 1216, to amend the Natural Gas Act to modify a provision relating to civil penalties, S. 
1218, to establish an interagency co-ordination committee or subcommittee with the leadership of the Department of Energy and the Department of the Interior, focused on the nexus between energy and water production, use, and efficiency, S. 1221, to amend the Fed-eral Power Act to require periodic re-ports on electricity reliability and reli-ability impact statements for rules af-fecting the reliable operation of the bulk-power system, S. 1223, to amend 
the Energy Policy Act of 2005 to im-prove the loan guarantee program for innovative technologies, S. 1229, to re-quire the Secretary of Energy to sub-mit a plan to implement recommenda-tions to improve interactions between the Department of Energy and Na-tional Laboratories, S. 1230, to direct the Secretary of the Interior to estab-lish a program under which the Direc-tor of the Bureau of Land Management shall enter into memoranda of under-standing with States providing for State oversight of oil and gas produc-tions activities, and S. 1241, to provide for the modernization, security, and re-siliency of the electric grid, to require the Secretary of Energy to carry out programs for research, development, demonstration, and information-shar-ing for cybersecurity for the energy sector. 
SD–366 
POSTPONEMENTS 
MAY 19 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Foreign Relations 
To hold hearings to examine the rising 
tide of extremism in the Middle East. 
SD–419 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:28 May 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\M18MY8.000 E18MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D556 Monday, May 18, 2015 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S2949–S3007 
Measures Introduced: Eight bills were introduced, 
as follows: S. 1360–1367.                                      Page S2971 
Measures Reported: 
S. 611, to amend the Safe Drinking Water Act to 
reauthorize technical assistance to small public water systems. (S. Rept. No. 114–47) 
S. 653, to amend the Water Resources Research 
Act of 1984 to reauthorize grants for and require ap-plied water supply research regarding the water re-sources research and technology institutes established under that Act. (S. Rept. No. 114–48)
          Page S2971 
Measures Passed: 
Authorizing the Use of the Capitol Grounds: 
Senate agreed to H. Con. Res. 43, authorizing the use of the Capitol Grounds, the rotunda of the Cap-itol, and Emancipation Hall in the Capitol Visitor Center for official Congressional events surrounding the visit of His Holiness Pope Francis to the United States Capitol.
                                                             Page S3006 
Measures Considered: 
Ensuring Tax Exempt Organizations the Right 
To Appeal Act—Agreement: Senate resumed con-
sideration of H.R. 1314, to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an ad-ministrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations, taking action on the following amendments proposed thereto:
                                                                    Pages S2951–68 
Adopted: 
By a unanimous vote on 92 yeas (Vote No. 182), 
Hatch (for Lankford) Modified Amendment No. 1237 (to Amendment No. 1221), to establish con-sideration of the conditions relating to religious free-dom of parties to trade negotiations as an overall ne-gotiating objective of the United States. (Pursuant to the order of Thursday, May 14, 2015, the amend-ment having achieved 60 affirmative votes, was agreed to.)
                                          Pages S2960–62, S2963–64 
Rejected: 
By 45 yeas to 41 nays (Vote No. 181), Brown 
Amendment No. 1242 (to Amendment No. 1221), to restore funding for the trade adjustment assistance 
program to the level established by the Trade Ad-justment Assistance Extension Act of 2011. (Pursu-ant to the order of Thursday, May 14, 2015, the amendment having failed to achieve 60 affirmative votes, was not agreed to.)
                              Pages S2962–63 
Pending: 
Hatch Amendment No. 1221, in the nature of a 
substitute.                                                                       Page S2951 
Hatch (for Flake) Amendment No. 1243 (to 
Amendment No. 1221), to strike the extension of the trade adjustment assistance program.
     Page S2951 
Hatch (for Inhofe/Coons) Modified Amendment 
No. 1312 (to Amendment No. 1221), to amend the African Growth and Opportunity Act to require the development of a plan for each sub-Saharan African country for negotiating and entering into free trade agreements.
                                                           Pages S2966–67 
Hatch (for McCain) Amendment No. 1226 (to 
Amendment No. 1221), to repeal a duplicative in-spection and grading program.
                   Pages S2966–67 
Stabenow (for Portman) Amendment No. 1299 (to 
Amendment No. 1221), to make it a principal nego-tiating objective of the United States to address cur-rency manipulation in trade agreements.
      Page S2967 
Brown Amendment No. 1251 (to Amendment 
No. 1221), to require the approval of Congress be-fore additional countries may join the Trans-Pacific Partnership Agreement.
                                  Pages S2967–68 
Wyden (for Shaheen) Amendment No. 1227 (to 
Amendment No. 1221), to make trade agreements work for small businesses.
                                     Page S2968 
Wyden (for Warren) Amendment No. 1327 (to 
Amendment No. 1221), to prohibit the application of the trade authorities procedures to an imple-menting bill submitted with respect to a trade agreement that includes investor-state dispute settle-ment.
                                                                                Page S2968 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-
viding for further consideration of the bill at ap-proximately 11 a.m., on Tuesday, May 19, 2015. 
                                                                                            Page S3006 
Message from the President: Senate received the 
following message from the President of the United States: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:02 May 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D18MY5.REC D18MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D557 May 18, 2015 
Transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on the 
continuation of the national emergency that was originally declared in Executive Order 13047 of May 20, 1997, with respect to Burma, received during adjournment of the Senate on May 15, 2015; which was referred to the Committee on Banking, Hous-ing, and Urban Affairs. (PM–17)
                      Page S2970 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S2971 
Measures Referred:                                                 Page S2971 
Measures Placed on the Calendar: 
                                                                            Pages S2971, S3005 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S2971–73 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                            Page S2973 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S2968–70 Amendments Submitted:                     Pages S2973–S3005 
Privileges of the Floor:                                        Page S3005 
Record Votes: Two record votes were taken today. 
(Total—182)                                                         Pages S2963–64 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 2 p.m. and ad-
journed at 7:57 p.m., until 10 a.m. on Tuesday, May 19, 2015. (For Senate’s program, see the remarks of the Acting Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S3006.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
No committee meetings were held. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 15 pub-
lic bills, H.R. 2390–2404 and 2 resolutions, H.J. Res. 54 and H. Res. 270 were introduced. 
                                                                                    Pages H3308–09 
Additional Cosponsors:                                       Page H3310 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: 
Committee on Appropriations; Revised Suballoca-
tion of Budget Allocations for Fiscal Year 2016 (H. Rept. 114–118); 
H.R. 2262, to facilitate a pro-growth environment 
for the developing commercial space industry by en-couraging private sector investment and creating more stable and predictable regulatory conditions, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–119); and 
H. Res. 271, providing for consideration of the 
bill (H.R. 1806) to provide for technological innova-
tion through the prioritization of Federal investment in basic research, fundamental scientific discovery, and development to improve the competitiveness of the United States, and for other purposes; providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 2250) making ap-propriations for the Legislative Branch for fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 2353) to provide an extension of Federal-aid high-way, highway safety, motor carrier safety, transit, and other programs funded out of the Highway Trust Fund, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–120).
                                                                      Page H3308 Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he 
appointed Representative Womack to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                            Page H3257 
Recess: The House recessed at 12:01 p.m. and re-
convened at 2 p.m.                                                    Page H3257 
Recess: The House recessed at 2:09 p.m. and recon-
vened at 4:05 p.m.                                                    Page H3258 
Suspensions: The House agreed to suspend the rules 
and pass the following measures: 
Homeless Veterans’ Reintegration Programs Re-
authorization Act of 2015: H.R. 474, to amend 
title 38, United States Code, to provide for a five- year extension to the homeless veterans reintegration programs and to provide clarification regarding eligi-bility for services under such programs; 
                                                                                    Pages H3258–59 
Ensuring VA Employee Accountability Act: H.R. 
1038, to amend title 38, United States Code, to re-quire the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to retain a copy of any reprimand or admonishment received by an employee of the Department in the permanent record of the employee;
                                  Pages H3259–60 
Service Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business 
Relief Act: H.R. 1313, to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to enhance the treatment of certain small business concerns for purposes of Department of Veterans Affairs contracting goals and preferences, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 403 yeas with none vot-
ing ‘‘nay’’, Roll No. 241;                 Pages H3260–61, H3294 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:02 May 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D18MY5.REC D18MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D558 May 18, 2015 
BRAVE Act: H.R. 1382, amended, to amend 
title 38, United States Code, to authorize the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs, in awarding a contract for the procurement of goods or services, to give a pref-erence to offerors that employ veterans, by a 
2⁄3yea- 
and-nay vote of 404 yeas with none voting ‘‘nay’’, Roll No. 242;
                                  Pages H3261–63, H3294–95 
Veteran’s I.D. Card Act: H.R. 91, amended, to 
amend title 38, United States Code, to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to issue, upon request, veteran identification cards to certain veterans, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 402 yeas with none voting 
‘‘nay’’, Roll No. 240;                    Pages H3263–64, H3293–94 
Vulnerable Veterans Housing Reform Act of 
2015: H.R. 1816, to exclude from consideration as 
income under the United States Housing Act of 1937 payments of pension made under section 1521 of title 38, United States Code, to veterans who are in need of regular aid and attendance; and 
                                                                                    Pages H3264–66 
Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2015: H.R. 
1987, amended, to authorize appropriations for the Coast Guard for fiscal years 2016 and 2017. 
                                                                                    Pages H3284–93 
Recess: The House recessed at 6:02 p.m. and recon-
vened at 6:31 p.m.                                                    Page H3293 
Suspension—Proceedings Postponed: The House 
debated the following measure under suspension of the rules. Further proceedings were postponed. 
Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act of 2015: 
S. 178, to provide justice for the victims of traf-ficking.
                                                                    Pages H3266–84 
Authorizing the use of Emancipation Hall in the Capitol Visitor Center for an event to celebrate the birthday of King Kamehameha I: The House 
agreed to discharge from committee and agree to S. Con. Res. 3, authorizing the use of Emancipation Hall in the Capitol Visitor Center for an event to celebrate the birthday of King Kamehameha I. 
                                                                                            Page H3295 
Presidential Message: Read a message from the 
President wherein he notified Congress that the na-tional emergency declared with respect to Burma is to continue in effect beyond May 20, 2015—referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs and ordered to be printed (H. Rept. 114–39).
                           Page H3258 
Quorum Calls—Votes: Three yea-and-nay votes de-
veloped during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H3293–94, H3294, and H3294–95. There were no quorum calls. 
Adjournment: The House met at 12 noon and ad-
journed at 9:01 p.m. Committee Meetings 
AMERICA COMPETES REAUTHORIZATION 
ACT OF 2015; LEGISLATIVE BRANCH APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2016; HIGHWAY AND TRANSPORTATION FUNDING ACT OF 2015 
Committee on Rules: Full Committee held a hearing on 
H.R. 1806, the ‘‘America COMPETES Reauthoriza-tion Act of 2015’’; H.R. 2250, the ‘‘Legislative Branch Appropriations Act, 2016’’; and H.R. 2353, the ‘‘Highway and Transportation Funding Act of 2015’’. The committee granted, by a record vote of 9–4, a structured rule for H.R. 1806. The rule pro-vides one hour of general debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority mem-ber of the Committee on Science, Space, and Tech-nology. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule makes in order as original text for the purpose of amendment an amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114–15 and provides that it shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against that amendment in the nature of a substitute. The rule makes in order only those further amendments printed in part A the Rules Committee report. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be 
subject to a demand for division of the question. The rule waives all points of order against the amend-ments printed in part A of the report. The rule pro-vides one motion to recommit with or without in-structions. Additionally, the rule grants a structured rule for H.R. 2250. The rule provides one hour of general debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Com-mittee on Appropriations. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill and pro-vides that the bill shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against provisions in the bill for failure to comply with clause 2 of rule XXI. The rule makes in order only those amend-ments printed in part B of the Rules Committee re-port. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in the report, shall be con-sidered as read, shall be debatable for the time speci-fied in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. The rule waives all 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:02 May 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D18MY5.REC D18MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D559 May 18, 2015 
points of order against the amendments printed in 
part B of the report. The rule provides one motion to recommit with or without instructions. Lastly, the rule grants a closed rule for H.R. 2353. The rule provides one hour of debate equally divided and con-trolled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. The rule waives all points of order against con-sideration of the bill. The rule provides that the bill shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against provisions in the bill. The rule provides one motion to recommit. Testimony was heard from Chairman Shuster, Chairman Smith of Texas, and Representatives Graves of Georgia, Wasserman Schultz, Farr, Black, Gosar, Blum, Eddie Bernice Johnson of Texas, Veasey, Griffith, and Ted Lieu of California. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR TUESDAY, 
MAY 19, 2015 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Military 
Construction and Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies, business meeting to consider an original bill entitled, ‘‘Military Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2016’’, 10:30 a.m., SD–124. 
Subcommittee on Energy and Water Development, 
business meeting to consider an original bill entitled, ‘‘Energy and Water Development Appropriations Act, 2016’’, 2:30 p.m., SD–138. 
Committee on the Budget: to hold an oversight hearing to 
examine the Congressional Budget Office, 10:30 a.m., SD–608. 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: to 
hold hearings to examine Federal Aviation Administra-tion reauthorization, focusing on air traffic control mod-ernization and reform, 10 a.m., SR–253. 
Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: to hold hear-
ings to examine S. 562, to promote exploration for geo-thermal resources, S. 822, to expand geothermal produc-tion, S. 1026, to amend the Energy Independence and Se-curity Act of 2007 to repeal a provision prohibiting Fed-eral agencies from procuring alternative fuels, S. 1057, to promote geothermal energy, S. 1058, to promote research, development, and demonstration of marine and hydrokinetic renewable energy technologies, S. 1103, to reinstate and extend the deadline for commencement of construction of a hydroelectric project involving Clark Canyon Dam, S. 1104, to extend the deadline for com-mencement of construction of a hydroelectric project in-
volving the Gibson Dam, S. 1199, to authorize Federal agencies to provide alternative fuel to Federal employees on a reimbursable basis, S. 1215, to amend the Methane 
Hydrate Research and Development Act of 2000 to pro-vide for the development of methane hydrate as a com-mercially viable source of energy, S. 1222, to amend the Federal Power Act to provide for reports relating to elec-tric capacity resources of transmission organizations and the amendment of certain tariffs to address the procure-ment of electric capacity resources, S. 1224, to reconcile differing Federal approaches to condensate, S. 1226, to amend the Mineral Leasing Act and the Mineral Leasing Act for Acquired Lands to promote a greater domestic he-
lium supply, to establish a Federal helium leasing pro-gram for public land, and to secure a helium supply for national defense and Federal researchers, S. 1236, to amend the Federal Power Act to modify certain require-ments relating to trial-type hearings with respect to cer-tain license applications before the Federal Energy Regu-latory Commission, S. 1264, to amend the Public Utility Regulatory Policies Act of 1978 to establish a renewable electricity standard, S. 1270, to amend the Energy Policy Act of 2005 to reauthorize hydroelectric production in-centives and hydroelectric efficiency improvement incen-tives, S. 1271, to require the Secretary of the Interior to issue regulations to prevent or minimize the venting and flaring of gas in oil and gas production operations in the United States, S. 1272, to direct the Comptroller General of the United States to conduct a study on the effects of forward capacity auctions and other capacity mechanisms, S. 1276, to amend the Gulf of Mexico Energy Security Act of 2006 to increase energy exploration and produc-tion on the outer Continental Shelf in the Gulf of Mex-ico, S. 1278, to amend the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act to provide for the conduct of certain lease sales in the Alaska outer Continental Shelf region, to make cer-tain modifications to the North Slope Science Initiative, S. 1279, to provide for revenue sharing of qualified reve-nues from leases in the South Atlantic planning area, S. 1280, to direct the Secretary of the Interior to establish an annual production incentive fee with respect to Federal onshore and offshore land that is subject to a lease for production of oil or natural gas under which production is not occurring, S. 1282, to amend the Energy Policy Act of 2005 to require the Secretary of Energy to con-sider the objective of improving the conversion, use, and storage of carbon dioxide produced from fossil fuels in carrying out research and development programs under that Act, S. 1283, to amend the Energy Policy Act of 2005 to repeal certain programs, to establish a coal tech-nology program, S. 1285, to authorize the Secretary of Energy to enter into contracts to provide certain price stabilization support relating to electric generation units that use coal-based generation technology, S. 1294, to re-quire the Secretary of Energy and the Secretary of Agri-culture to collaborate in promoting the development of efficient, economical, and environmentally sustainable thermally led wood energy systems, and S. 1304, to re-quire the Secretary of Energy to establish a pilot competi-tive grant program for the development of a skilled en-ergy workforce, 10 a.m., SD–366. 
Committee on Environment and Public Works: Sub-
committee on Fisheries, Water, and Wildlife, to hold 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:02 May 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D18MY5.REC D18MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D560 May 18, 2015 
hearings to examine S. 1140, to require the Secretary of 
the Army and the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency to propose a regulation revising the definition of the term ‘‘waters of the United States’’, 10 a.m., SD–406. 
Committee on Finance: to hold hearings to examine how 
to safely reduce reliance on foster care group homes, 10 a.m., SD–215. 
Committee on Foreign Relations: to hold hearings to exam-
ine the nominations of Mileydi Guilarte, of the District of Columbia, to be United States Alternate Executive Di-rector of the Inter-American Development Bank, Jennifer Ann Haverkamp, of Indiana, to be Assistant Secretary for Oceans and International Environmental and Scientific Affairs, and Brian James Egan, of Maryland, to be Legal Adviser, both of the Department of State, Marcia Denise Occomy, of the District of Columbia, to be United States Director of the African Development Bank for a term of five years, and Sunil Sabharwal, of California, to be United States Alternate Executive Director of the Inter-national Monetary Fund for a term of two years, 2:45 p.m., SD–419. 
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: to 
hold an oversight hearing to examine the Equal Employ-ment Opportunity Commission, focusing on examining EEOC’s enforcement and litigation programs, 10 a.m., SD–430. 
Committee on the Judiciary: Subcommittee on Crime and 
Terrorism, to hold hearings to examine body cameras, fo-cusing on whether technology can increase protection for law enforcement officers and the public, 2:30 p.m., SD–226. 
Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship: to hold 
hearings to examine proposed environmental regulation’s impacts on America’s small businesses, 2 p.m., SR–428A. 
Select Committee on Intelligence: to receive a closed brief-
ing on certain intelligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. 
House 
Committee on Education and the Workforce, Subcommittee 
on Early Childhood, Elementary, and Secondary Edu-cation, hearing entitled ‘‘Addressing Waste, Fraud, and Abuse in Federal Child Nutrition Programs’’, 10 a.m., 2175 Rayburn. 
Committee on Energy and Commerce, Subcommittee on En-
ergy and Power, hearing entitled ‘‘Discussion Draft Ad-dressing Energy Reliability and Security’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on Commerce, Manufacturing, and 
Trade, hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight of the Consumer Product Safety Commission’’, 10:15 a.m., 2322 Rayburn. 
Full Committee, markup on the ‘‘21st Century Cures 
Act’’, 5 p.m., 2123 Rayburn. 
Committee on Financial Services, Subcommittee on Hous-
ing and Insurance, hearing entitled ‘‘The Future of Hous-ing in America: Oversight of the Rural Housing Service’’, 10 a.m., 2220 Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on Financial Institutions and Consumer 
Credit, hearing entitled ‘‘Protecting Critical Infrastruc-ture: How the Financial Sector Addresses Cyber Threats’’, 1 p.m., 2175 Rayburn. Committee on Foreign Affairs, Subcommittee on Ter-
rorism, Nonproliferation, and Trade, hearing entitled ‘‘Trade Promotion Agencies and U.S. Foreign Policy’’, 10 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on Europe, Eurasia, and Emerging 
Threats, hearing entitled ‘‘The Future of U.S.-Hungary Relations’’, 2 p.m., 2200 Rayburn. 
Committee on Homeland Security, Subcommittee on Cy-
bersecurity, Infrastructure Protection, and Security Tech-nologies, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining DHS Science and Technology Directorate’s Engagement with Academia and Industry’’, 10 a.m., 311 Cannon. 
Committee on the Judiciary, Full Committee, hearing en-
titled ‘‘Policing Strategies for the 21st Century’’, 10 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on Regulatory Reform, Commercial and 
Antitrust Law, hearing entitled ‘‘Ongoing Oversight: Monitoring the Activities of the Justice Department’s Civil, Tax and Environment and Natural Resources Divi-sions and the U.S. Trustee Program’’, 1 p.m., 2141 Ray-burn. 
Committee on Natural Resources, Full Committee, hearing 
entitled ‘‘Empowering State Management of Greater Sage Grouse’’, 10 a.m., 1324 Longworth. 
Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, Full Com-
mittee, markup on the ‘‘Inspector General Reform Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1777, the ‘‘Presidential Allowance Mod-ernization Act’’; H.R. 1831, the ‘‘Evidence-Based Policy-making Commission Act of 2015’’; H.R. 451, the ‘‘Safe and Secure Federal Websites Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1759, the ‘‘All Economic Regulations are Transparent (ALERT) Act of 2015’’; H.R. 728, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 7050 Highway BB in Cedar Hill, Missouri, as the ‘‘Sergeant First Class Wil-liam B. Woods, Jr. Post Office’’; H.R. 891, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 141 Paloma Drive in Floresville, Texas, as the ‘‘Floresville Veterans Post Office Building’’; H.R. 1326, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 2000 Mulford Road in Mulberry, Florida, as the ‘‘Ser-geant First Class Daniel M. Ferguson Post Office’’; H.R. 1350, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 442 East 167th Street in Bronx, New York, as the ‘‘Herman Badillo Post Office Building’’; H.R. 1442, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 90 Cornell Street in Kingston, New York, as the ‘‘Staff Sergeant Robert H. Dietz Post Office Building’’; H.R. 1524, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1 Walter Hammond Place in Waldwick, New Jersey, as the ‘‘Staff Sergeant Joseph D’Augustine Post Office Building’’, 10 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. 
Committee on Rules, Full Committee, hearing on H.R. 
880, the ‘‘American Research and Competitiveness Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1335, the ‘‘Strengthening Fishing Commu-nities and Increasing Flexibility in Fisheries Management Act’’; and H.R. 2262, the ‘‘SPACE Act of 2015’’, 3 p.m., H–313 Capitol. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:02 May 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D18MY5.REC D18MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D561 May 18, 2015 
Committee on Small Business, Subcommittee on Economic 
Growth, Tax and Capital Access, hearing entitled ‘‘Im-proving Capital Access Programs within the SBA’’, 10 a.m., 2360 Rayburn. 
Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, Sub-
committee on Economic Development, Public Buildings, and Emergency Management, hearing entitled ‘‘Pacific Northwest Seismic Hazards: Planning and Preparing for the Next Disaster’’, 10 a.m., 2167 Rayburn. 
Committee on Ways and Means, Subcommittee on Health, 
hearing entitled ‘‘Improving Competition in Medicare: Removing Moratoria and Expanding Access’’, 10 a.m., 1100 Longworth. 
f 
CONGRESSIONAL PROGRAM AHEAD 
Week of May 18 through May 22, 2015 
Senate Chamber 
On Tuesday , Senate will continue consideration of 
H.R. 1314, Ensuring Tax Exempt Organizations the Right to Appeal Act. 
During the balance of the week, Senate may con-
sider any cleared legislative and executive business. 
Senate Committees 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry: May 21, 
business meeting to consider pending legislation, and the nomination of Jeffrey Michael Prieto, of California, to be General Counsel of the Department of Agriculture, 10 a.m., SR–328A. 
Committee on Appropriations: May 19, Subcommittee on 
Military Construction and Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies, business meeting to consider an original bill entitled, ‘‘Military Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2016’’, 10:30 a.m., SD–124. 
May 19, Subcommittee on Energy and Water Develop-
ment, business meeting to consider an original bill enti-tled, ‘‘Energy and Water Development Appropriations Act, 2016’’, 2:30 p.m., SD–138. 
May 20, Subcommittee on Department of Defense, to 
receive a closed briefing on Syria, 11 a.m., SVC–217. 
May 21, Full Committee, business meeting to consider 
the fiscal year 2016 302(b) allocations, an original bill entitled, ‘‘Energy and Water Development Appropriations Act, 2016’’, and an original bill entitled, ‘‘Military Con-struction, Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies Appro-priations Act, 2016’’, 10:30 a.m., SH–216. 
Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: May 
21, business meeting to markup an original bill entitled, ‘‘The Financial Regulatory Improvement Act of 2015’’, 10 a.m., SD–538. 
Committee on the Budget: May 19, to hold an oversight 
hearing to examine the Congressional Budget Office, 10:30 a.m., SD–608. 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: May 
19, to hold hearings to examine Federal Aviation Admin-istration reauthorization, focusing on air traffic control 
modernization and reform, 10 a.m., SR–253. 
May 20, Full Committee, business meeting to consider 
S. 1331, to help enhance commerce through improved seasonal forecasts, S. 1297, to update the Commercial Space Launch Act by amending title 51, United States Code, to promote competitiveness of the U.S. commercial space sector, S. 1326, to amend certain maritime pro-grams of the Department of Transportation, S. 1040, to direct the Consumer Product Safety Commission and the National Academy of Sciences to study the vehicle han-
dling requirements proposed by the Commission for rec-reational off-highway vehicles and to prohibit the adop-tion of any such requirements until the completion of the study, S. 1359, to allow manufacturers to meet warranty and labeling requirements for consumer products by dis-playing the terms of warranties on Internet websites, S. 806, to amend section 31306 of title 49, United States Code, to recognize hair as an alternative specimen for pre-employment and random controlled substances testing of commercial motor vehicle drivers and for other purposes, S. 1315, to protect the right of law-abiding citizens to transport knives interstate, notwithstanding a patchwork of local and State prohibitions, S. 1334, to strengthen en-forcement mechanisms to stop illegal, unreported, and unregulated fishing, to amend the Tuna Conventions Act of 1950 to implement the Antigua Convention, S. 1335, to implement the Convention on the Conservation and Management of the High Seas Fisheries Resources in the North Pacific Ocean, as adopted at Tokyo on February 24, 2012, S. 1251, to implement the Amendment to the Convention on Future Multilateral Cooperation in the Northwest Atlantic Fisheries, as adopted by Lisbon, Por-tugal on September 28, 2007, S. 1336, to implement the Convention on the Conservation and Management of the High Seas Fishery Resources in the South Pacific Ocean, as adopted at Auckland on November 14, 2009, H.R. 1020, to define STEM education to include computer science, and to support existing STEM education pro-grams at the National Science Foundation, H.R. 710, to require the Secretary of Homeland Security to prepare a comprehensive security assessment of the transportation security card program, and the nominations of Daniel R. Elliott III, of Ohio, to be a Member of the Surface Trans-portation Board for a term expiring December 31, 2018, Mario Cordero, of California, to be a Federal Maritime Commissioner for the term expiring June 30, 2019, and a routine list in the Coast Guard, 10:30 a.m., SR–253. 
May 20, Subcommittee on Oceans, Atmosphere, Fish-
eries, and Coast Guard, to hold hearings to examine im-provements and innovations in fishery management and data collection, 2:30 p.m., SR–253. 
Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: May 19, to 
hold hearings to examine S. 562, to promote exploration for geothermal resources, S. 822, to expand geothermal production, S. 1026, to amend the Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007 to repeal a provision prohib-iting Federal agencies from procuring alternative fuels, S. 1057, to promote geothermal energy, S. 1058, to pro-mote research, development, and demonstration of marine and hydrokinetic renewable energy technologies, S. 1103, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:02 May 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D18MY5.REC D18MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D562 May 18, 2015 
to reinstate and extend the deadline for commencement 
of construction of a hydroelectric project involving Clark Canyon Dam, S. 1104, to extend the deadline for com-mencement of construction of a hydroelectric project in-volving the Gibson Dam, S. 1199, to authorize Federal agencies to provide alternative fuel to Federal employees on a reimbursable basis, S. 1215, to amend the Methane Hydrate Research and Development Act of 2000 to pro-vide for the development of methane hydrate as a com-mercially viable source of energy, S. 1222, to amend the Federal Power Act to provide for reports relating to elec-
tric capacity resources of transmission organizations and the amendment of certain tariffs to address the procure-ment of electric capacity resources, S. 1224, to reconcile differing Federal approaches to condensate, S. 1226, to amend the Mineral Leasing Act and the Mineral Leasing Act for Acquired Lands to promote a greater domestic he-lium supply, to establish a Federal helium leasing pro-gram for public land, and to secure a helium supply for national defense and Federal researchers, S. 1236, to amend the Federal Power Act to modify certain require-ments relating to trial-type hearings with respect to cer-tain license applications before the Federal Energy Regu-latory Commission, S. 1264, to amend the Public Utility Regulatory Policies Act of 1978 to establish a renewable electricity standard, S. 1270, to amend the Energy Policy Act of 2005 to reauthorize hydroelectric production in-centives and hydroelectric efficiency improvement incen-tives, S. 1271, to require the Secretary of the Interior to issue regulations to prevent or minimize the venting and flaring of gas in oil and gas production operations in the United States, S. 1272, to direct the Comptroller General of the United States to conduct a study on the effects of forward capacity auctions and other capacity mechanisms, S. 1276, to amend the Gulf of Mexico Energy Security Act of 2006 to increase energy exploration and produc-tion on the outer Continental Shelf in the Gulf of Mex-ico, S. 1278, to amend the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act to provide for the conduct of certain lease sales in the Alaska outer Continental Shelf region, to make cer-tain modifications to the North Slope Science Initiative, S. 1279, to provide for revenue sharing of qualified reve-nues from leases in the South Atlantic planning area, S. 1280, to direct the Secretary of the Interior to establish an annual production incentive fee with respect to Federal onshore and offshore land that is subject to a lease for production of oil or natural gas under which production is not occurring, S. 1282, to amend the Energy Policy Act of 2005 to require the Secretary of Energy to con-sider the objective of improving the conversion, use, and storage of carbon dioxide produced from fossil fuels in carrying out research and development programs under that Act, S. 1283, to amend the Energy Policy Act of 2005 to repeal certain programs, to establish a coal tech-nology program, S. 1285, to authorize the Secretary of Energy to enter into contracts to provide certain price stabilization support relating to electric generation units that use coal-based generation technology, S. 1294, to re-quire the Secretary of Energy and the Secretary of Agri-culture to collaborate in promoting the development of efficient, economical, and environmentally sustainable thermally led wood energy systems, and S. 1304, to re-
quire the Secretary of Energy to establish a pilot competi-tive grant program for the development of a skilled en-ergy workforce, 10 a.m., SD–366. 
May 21, Subcommittee on Public Lands, Forests, and 
Mining, to hold hearings to examine S. 160, and H.R. 373, to direct the Secretary of the Interior and the Sec-retary of Agriculture to expedite access to certain Federal land under the administrative jurisdiction of each Sec-retary for good Samaritan search-and-recovery missions, S. 365, to improve rangeland conditions and restore grazing 
levels within the Grand Staircase-Escalante National Monument, Utah, S. 472, to promote conservation, im-prove public land, and provide for sensible development in Douglas County, Nevada, S. 583, to establish certain wilderness areas in central Idaho and to authorize various land conveyances involving National Forest System land and Bureau of Land Management land in central Idaho, S. 814, to provide for the conveyance of certain Federal land in the State of Oregon to the Confederated Tribes of Coos, Lower Umpqua, and Siuslaw Indians, S. 815, to provide for the conveyance of certain Federal land in the State of Oregon to the Cow Creek Band of Umpqua Tribe of Indians, and S. 1240, to designate the Cerro del Yuta and Rio San Antonio Wilderness Areas in the State of New Mexico, 2:30 p.m., SD–366. 
Committee on Environment and Public Works: May 19, 
Subcommittee on Fisheries, Water, and Wildlife, to hold hearings to examine S. 1140, to require the Secretary of the Army and the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency to propose a regulation revising the definition of the term ‘‘waters of the United States’’, 10 a.m., SD–406. 
May 20, Subcommittee on Superfund, Waste Manage-
ment, and Regulatory Oversight, to hold an oversight hearing to examine scientific advisory panels and proc-esses at the Environmental Protection Agency, including S. 543, to amend the Environmental Research, Develop-ment, and Demonstration Authorization Act of 1978 to provide for Scientific Advisory Board member qualifica-tions, public participation, 9:30 a.m., SD–406. 
Committee on Finance: May 19, to hold hearings to ex-
amine how to safely reduce reliance on foster care group homes, 10 a.m., SD–215. 
Committee on Foreign Relations: May 19, to hold hearings 
to examine the nominations of Mileydi Guilarte, of the District of Columbia, to be United States Alternate Exec-utive Director of the Inter-American Development Bank, Jennifer Ann Haverkamp, of Indiana, to be Assistant Sec-retary for Oceans and International Environmental and Scientific Affairs, and Brian James Egan, of Maryland, to be Legal Adviser, both of the Department of State, Marcia Denise Occomy, of the District of Columbia, to be United States Director of the African Development Bank for a term of five years, and Sunil Sabharwal, of California, to be United States Alternate Executive Direc-tor of the International Monetary Fund for a term of two years, 2:45 p.m., SD–419. 
May 20, Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine 
U.S. Cuban relations, focusing on the way forward, 10 a.m., SD–419. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:02 May 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D18MY5.REC D18MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D563 May 18, 2015 
May 20, Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine 
the nominations of Gregory T. Delawie, of Virginia, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Kosovo, Ian C. Kelly, 
of Illinois, to be Ambassador to Georgia, Nancy Bikoff Pettit, of Virginia, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Latvia, and Azita Raji, of California, to be Ambassador to the Kingdom of Sweden, all of the Department of State, 2:30 p.m., SD–419. 
May 21, Full Committee, business meeting to consider 
S. 802, to authorize the Secretary of State and the Ad-ministrator of the United States Agency for International Development to provide assistance to support the rights of women and girls in developing countries, S. 868, to establish a fund to make payment to the Americans held hostage in Iran, and to members of their families, who are identified as members of the proposed class in case number 1:00–CV–03110 (ESG) of the United States Dis-trict Court for the District of Columbia, S. Res. 87, to express the sense of the Senate regarding the rise of anti- Semitism in Europe and to encourage greater cooperation with the European governments, the European Union, and the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe in preventing and responding to anti-Semitism, the nominations of Charles C. Adams, Jr., of Maryland, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Finland, Cassandra Q. Butts, of the District of Columbia, to be Ambassador to the Commonwealth of The Bahamas, Paul A. Folmsbee, of Oklahoma, to be Ambassador to the Repub-lic of Mali, Stafford Fitzgerald Haney, of New Jersey, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Costa Rica, Mary Catherine Phee, of Illinois, to be Ambassador to the Re-public of South Sudan, and Gentry O. Smith, of North Carolina, to be Director of the Office of Foreign Missions, and to have the rank of Ambassador during his tenure of service, all of the Department of State, Matthew T. McGuire, of the District of Columbia, to be United States Executive Director of the International Bank for Reconstruction and Development for a term of two years, and routine lists in the Foreign Service, 9:15 a.m., SD–419. 
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: May 
19, to hold an oversight hearing to examine the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, focusing on ex-amining EEOC’s enforcement and litigation programs, 10 a.m., SD–430. 
May 20, Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine 
reauthorizing the Higher Education Act, focusing on ex-ploring institutional risk-sharing, 10 a.m., SD–430. 
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: 
May 20, Subcommittee on Regulatory Affairs and Federal Management, to hold hearings to examine 21st century ideas for the 20th century Federal civil service, 10 a.m., SD–342. 
May 21, Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine 
understanding America’s long-term fiscal picture, 9:30 a.m., SD–342. 
Committee on Indian Affairs: May 20, to hold an over-
sight hearing to examine addressing the needs of Native communities through Indian Water Rights Settlements, 2:15 p.m., SD–628. Committee on the Judiciary: May 19, Subcommittee on 
Crime and Terrorism, to hold hearings to examine body cameras, focusing on whether technology can increase protection for law enforcement officers and the public, 2:30 p.m., SD–226. 
May 20, Subcommittee on the Constitution, to hold 
hearings to examine taking sexual assault seriously, focus-ing on the rape kit backlog and human rights, 2:30 p.m., SD–226. 
May 21, Full Committee, business meeting to consider 
pending calendar business, 10 a.m., SD–226. 
Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship: May 19, 
to hold hearings to examine proposed environmental reg-ulation’s impacts on America’s small businesses, 2 p.m., SR–428A. 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: May 20, to hold a joint 
hearing with the House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs to examine the legislative presentation of multiple vet-erans service organizations, 10 a.m., SH–216. 
Select Committee on Intelligence: May 19, to receive a 
closed briefing on certain intelligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. 
May 21, Full Committee, to receive a closed briefing 
on certain intelligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. 
Special Committee on Aging: May 20, to hold hearings to 
examine solutions to the hospital observation stay crisis, 2:15 p.m., SD–562. 
House Committees 
Committee on Agriculture, May 20, Full Committee, 
markup on H.R. ———, a legislative response to the WTO decision; and the ‘‘National Forest Foundation Re-authorization Act of 2015’’, 10 a.m., 1300 Longworth. 
May 20, Subcommittee on Nutrition, hearing entitled 
‘‘Past, Present, and Future of SNAP: The World of Nu-trition, Government Duplication and Unmet Needs’’, 1:30 p.m., 1300 Longworth. 
Committee on Appropriations, May 20, Subcommittee on 
Defense, markup on Defense Appropriations Bill, FY 2016, 9:30 a.m., H–140 Capitol. This markup will be closed. 
May 20, Full Committee, markup on Commerce, Jus-
tice, and Science Appropriations Bill for FY 2016, 10:30 a.m., 2359 Rayburn. 
Committee on Education and the Workforce, May 20, Sub-
committee on Workforce Protections, hearing entitled ‘‘Reforming the Workers’ Compensation Program for Federal Employees’’, 10 a.m., 2175 Rayburn. 
Committee on Energy and Commerce, May 20, Full Com-
mittee, markup on the ‘‘21st Century Cures Act’’ (contin-ued), 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. 
May 20, Subcommittee on Communications and Tech-
nology, markup on the ‘‘FCC Process Reform Act of 2015’’; a bill to amend the Communications Act of 1934 to require the Federal Communications Commission to publish on its Internet website changes to the rules of the Commission not later than 24 hours after adoption; a bill to amend the Communications Act of 1934 to require the Federal Communications Commission to publish on the website of the Commission documents to be voted on by the Commission; a bill to amend the Communications 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:02 May 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D18MY5.REC D18MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D564 May 18, 2015 
Act of 1934 to require identification and description on 
the website of the Federal Communications Commission of items to be decided on authority delegated by the 
Commission; a bill to direct the Federal Communications Commission to submit to Congress a report on improving the participation of small businesses in the proceedings of the Commission; a bill to amend the Communications Act of 1934 to provide for a quarterly report on pending requests for action by the Federal Communications Com-mission and pending congressional investigations of the Commission; and a bill to amend the Communications Act of 1934 to provide for publication on the Internet website of the Federal Communications Commission of certain policies and procedures established by the chair-man of the Commission, 2 p.m., 2123 Rayburn. 
May 21, Subcommittee on Energy and Power, hearing 
entitled ‘‘Quadrennial Energy Review and Related Dis-cussion Drafts’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. 
May 21, Subcommittee on Oversight and Investiga-
tions, hearing entitled ‘‘What are the State Governments Doing to Combat the Opioid Abuse Epidemic?’’, 10:15 a.m., 2322 Rayburn. 
Committee on Financial Services, May 20, Full Com-
mittee, markup on H.R. 432, the ‘‘SBIC Advisers Relief Act of 2015’’; H.R. 686, the ‘‘Small Business Mergers, Acquisitions, Sales, and Brokerage Simplification Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1334, the ‘‘Holding Company Registration Threshold Equalization Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1525, the ‘‘Disclosure Modernization and Simplification Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1675, the ‘‘Encouraging Employee Owner-ship Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1723, the ‘‘Small Company Sim-ple Registration Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1847, the ‘‘Swap Data Repository and Clearinghouse Indemnification Cor-rection Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1965, the ‘‘Small Company Disclosure Simplification Act’’; H.R. 1975, the ‘‘Securi-ties and Exchange Commission Overpayment Credit Act’’; H.R. 2064, the ‘‘Improving Access to Capital for Emerg-ing Growth Companies Act’’; H.R. 2354, the ‘‘Stream-lining Excessive and Costly Regulations Review Act’’; H.R. 2356, the ‘‘Fair Access to Investment Research Act of 2015’’; H.R. 2357, the ‘‘Accelerating Access to Capital Act of 2015’’; and a resolution to name a new Republican Member of the Committee to subcommittees, 10 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. 
May 21, Task Force to Investigate Terrorism Financ-
ing, hearing entitled ‘‘A Dangerous Nexus: Terrorism, Crime, and Corruption’’, 10 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. 
Committee on Foreign Affairs, May 20, Subcommittee on 
the Middle East and North Africa, hearing entitled ‘‘Egypt Two Years After Morsi: Part I’’, 10 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. 
May 20, Subcommittee on Asia and the Pacific, mark-
up on H.R. 1853, to direct the President to develop a strategy to obtain observer status for Taiwan in the Inter-national Criminal Police Organization, and for other pur-poses; and H. Res. 235, expressing deepest condolences to and solidarity with the people of Nepal following the devastating earthquake on April 25, 2015; hearing enti-tled ‘‘Everest Trembled: Lessons Learned from the Nepal Earthquake Response’’, 2 p.m., 2172 Rayburn. May 20, Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health, 
Global Human Rights, and International Organizations, hearing entitled ‘‘Developments in Rwanda’’, 2 p.m., 
2200 Rayburn. 
May 21, Full Committee, markup on H.R. 2100, the 
‘‘Girls Count Act of 2015’’; and H.R. 2323, the ‘‘United States International Communications Reform Act of 2015’’, 9:30 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. 
Committee on Homeland Security, May 20, Full Com-
mittee, H.R. 1300, the ‘‘First Responder Anthrax Pre-paredness Act’’; H.R. 1615, the ‘‘DHS FOIA Efficiency Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1626, the ‘‘DHS IT Duplication Re-duction Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1633, the ‘‘DHS Paid Ad-ministrative Leave Accountability Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1637, the ‘‘Federally Funded Research and Development Sunshine Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1640, the ‘‘Department of Homeland Security Headquarters Consolidation Account-ability Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1646, the ‘‘Homeland Secu-rity Drone Assessment and Analysis Act’’; H.R. 1738, the ‘‘Integrated Public Alert and Warning System Mod-ernization Act of 2015’’; H.R. 2200, the ‘‘CBRN Intel-ligence and Information Sharing Act of 2015’’; H.R. 2206, the ‘‘SWIC Enhancement Act’’; and the ‘‘Home-land Security University-based Centers Review Act’’, 11 a.m., 311 Cannon. 
May 21, Subcommittee on Counterterrorism and Intel-
ligence, hearing entitled ‘‘Admitting Syrian Refugees: The Intelligence Void and the Emerging Homeland Secu-rity Threat’’, 9 a.m., 311 Cannon. 
Committee on House Administration, May 20, Full Com-
mittee, hearing on the United States Capitol Police, 2 p.m., 1310 Longworth. 
Committee on Natural Resources, May 20, Subcommittee 
on Federal Lands; and Subcommittee on Water, Power and Oceans, joint hearing on a discussion draft of a bill to protect and enhance opportunities for recreational hunting, fishing, and shooting, and for other purposes, 9:30 a.m., 1324 Longworth. 
May 20, Subcommittee on Energy and Mineral Re-
sources, hearing on a discussion draft titled the ‘‘National Energy Security Corridors Act’’, 10 a.m., 1334 Long-worth. 
May 20, Subcommittee on Water, Power and Oceans, 
hearing on the ‘‘Electricity Reliability and Forest Protec-tion Act’’, 1:30 p.m., 1324 Longworth. 
May 20, Subcommittee on Oversight and Investiga-
tions, hearing entitled ‘‘State Perspectives on the Status of Cooperating Agencies for the Office of Surface Mining’s Stream Protection Rule’’, 2 p.m., 1334 Long-worth. 
Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, May 21, 
Subcommittee on Government Operations, hearing enti-tled ‘‘Issues Facing Civilian and Postal Service Vehicle Fleet Procurement’’, 10 a.m., 2247 Rayburn. 
Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, May 20, Sub-
committee on Environment, hearing entitled ‘‘Advancing Commercial Weather Data: Collaborative Efforts to Im-prove Forecasts’’, 10 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. 
Committee on Small Business, May 20, Full Committee, 
hearing entitled ‘‘Across Town, Across Oceans: Expanding 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:02 May 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D18MY5.REC D18MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D565 May 18, 2015 
the Role of Small Business in Global Commerce’’, 11 
a.m., 2360 Rayburn. 
Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, May 20, 
Full Committee, markup on H.R. 2322, the ‘‘Public Buildings Reform and Savings Act of 2015’’; H.R. 2131, to designate the Federal building and United States courthouse located at 83 Meeting Street in Charleston, South Carolina, as the ‘‘J. Waties Waring Judicial Cen-ter’’; and two General Services Administration Resolu-tions, 10 a.m., 2167 Rayburn. 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, May 21, Full Committee, 
markup on pending legislation, 10:30 a.m., 334 Cannon. Committee on Ways and Means, May 20, Subcommittee 
on Oversight, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining the Use of Administrative Actions in the Implementation of the Af-fordable Care Act’’, 10 a.m., 1100 Longworth. 
Joint Meetings 
Joint Hearing: May 20, Senate Committee on Veterans’ 
Affairs, to hold a joint hearing with the House Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs to examine the legislative presentation of multiple veterans service organizations, 10 a.m., SH–216. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:02 May 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D18MY5.REC D18MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postage
is paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are
printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances when
two or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through
the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov , free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the
Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.
Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov . ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S.
Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made
payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing
each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents
in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from
the Congressional Record .
POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record , U.S. Government Publishing Office,
Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD566 May 18, 2015 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 
10 a.m., Tuesday, May 19 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: After the transaction of any 
morning business (not to extend beyond one hour), Senate will continue consideration of H.R. 1314, Ensuring Tax Exempt Organizations the Right to Appeal Act. 
(Senate will recess from 12:30 p.m. until 2:15 p.m. for their 
respective party conferences.) Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
10 a.m., Tuesday, May 19 
House Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: Consideration of H.R. 2353— 
Highway and Transportation Funding Act of 2015 (Sub-ject to a Rule) and H.R. 2250—Legislative Branch Ap-propriations Act, 2016 (Subject to a Rule). Consideration of the following measures under suspension of the rules: 1) H.R. 874—American Super Computing Leadership Act, 2) H.R. 1162—Science Prize Competitions Act, 3) H.R. 1119—Research and Development Efficiency Act, 4) H.R. 1156—International Science and Technology Co-operation Act of 2015, 5) H.R. 1561—Weather Research and Forecasting Innovation Act of 2015, and 6) H.R. 1158—Department of Energy Laboratory Modernization and Technology Transfer Act of 2015. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE 
Black, Diane, Tenn., E730 
Byrne, Bradley, Ala., E738 Crenshaw, Ander, Fla., E732 Davis, Rodney, Ill., E737 DesJarlais, Scott, Tenn., E731 Dingell, Debbie, Mich., E737 Emmer, Tom, Minn., E735 Grayson, Alan, Fla., E729 Grijalva, Rau ´l M., Ariz., E733 
Guthrie, Brett, Ky., E734 Hoyer, Steny H., Md., E734 
Huizenga, Bill, Mich., E735 Jackson Lee, Sheila, Tex., E736 Johnson, Eddie Bernice, Tex., E739 Johnson, Henry C. ‘‘Hank’’, Jr., Ga., E729, E729, E730, 
E731, E732, E732, E733, E734, E735 
Kildee, Daniel T., Mich., E736 Long, Billy, Mo., E736 MacArthur, Thomas, N.J., E729, E730 McCollum, Betty, Minn., E732 Norton, Eleanor Holmes, D.C., E734 Perry, Scott, Pa., E729 Radewagen, Aumua Amata Coleman, American 
Samoa, E731 
Ruiz, Raul, Calif., E735, E737, E738, E739 Ruppersberger, C.A. Dutch, Md., E733 Sa´nchez, Linda T., Calif., E736 
Sherman, Brad, Calif., E731 Tipton, Scott R., Colo., E730 Tsongas, Niki, Mass., E735 Vela, Filemon, Tex., E739 
Yarmuth, John A., Ky., E737 Young, David, Iowa, E729, E730, E732, E734, E735 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:02 May 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D18MY5.REC D18MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST