Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H1087 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 24, 2015 No. 31 
House of Representatives 
The House met at noon and was 
called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. D
ENHAM ). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF SPEAKER PRO 
TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, 
February 24, 2015. 
I hereby appoint the Honorable J EFF 
DENHAM to act as Speaker pro tempore on 
this day. 
JOHNA. B OEHNER , 
Speaker of the House of Representatives. 
f 
MORNING-HOUR DEBATE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the order of the House of Janu-ary 6, 2015, the Chair will now recog-nize Members from lists submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate. 
The Chair will alternate recognition 
between the parties, with each party limited to 1 hour and each Member other than the majority and minority leaders and the minority whip limited to 5 minutes, but in no event shall de-bate continue beyond 1:50 p.m. 
f 
CONGRESS OF CLIFFS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. B
LUMENAUER ) for 5 min-
utes. 
Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, 
there is a lot of talk of cliffs here in our Nation’s Capital. We have fiscal cliffs that we faced with the debt ceil-ing. There was the sequestration cliff. We had, obviously, the cliffs sur-rounding the government shutdown. 
This week, we face a Homeland Secu-
rity cliff. Because our Republican friends have been unable to reach agreement and have held hostage the budget of the Department of Homeland 
Security, we face a situation where we will either shut down those operations or, hopefully, people will come to their senses and take action. But, again, it is government by cliff. 
In March, we are facing the SGR 
cliff. If the government doesn’t move forward to deal with a meaningful solu-tion to the sustainable growth rate, we are going to see a dramatic reduction in government reimbursement under Medicare to providers. 
And looming in the background— 
something that we talked about last summer because Congress refused to deal meaningfully with transportation funding—there will be another cliff May 31 as the transportation fund loses its ability to fund. Already, there are programs around the country in local and State government that are trying to factor in reductions of important construction work that they aren’t cer-tain they can do this summer. 
Well, we are putting in the back-
ground another cliff. It is one that will probably not get the attention that it 
deserves, but one that deserves people to focus on because it will impact 11 million of our most vulnerable citizens. 
Over the course of the years, there 
have been opportunities within the trust fund that funds retirement and disability, which are basically, for most people, synonymous—they are paid for by the same tax on our earn-ings and that our employers pay, but they have been segregated into two ac-counts, one dealing with disability and one dealing with retirement. 
Over the history of these two pro-
grams they have spent at different rates. Eleven times in the past, under Republican and Democratic Presidents alike, Congress has moved to shift money from one trust fund to another to be able to even it out and not run out of the ability to pay benefits. The last adjustment was made in 1994, but the disability account was only ad-justed for about 20 years. At the time, it was understood that 
there would be a need for more action dealing with disability because of a very fundamental demographic change: we have a lot more women in the work-force and the baby boom generation is moving into the years in their careers where they are more prone to dis-ability claims. And, sure enough, that projection is right. Around December of next year, we will no longer be able to pay full disability payments unless there is an adjustment. 
Well, the fix that has been done 11 
times over the years, on a bipartisan basis, has been made infinitely more difficult because of a rule change that our friends on the Republican side have adopted for this Congress. Under what they have approved, it will be impos-sible to make that simple adjustment that we have done time and time again if a single Member of the House of Rep-resentatives objects. 
This is setting up an artificial crisis. 
There is a need to adjust funding for both Social Security and disability be-cause, combined, in about 2033 or 2034 they will not be able to pay out full benefits. That is why it is important for Congress to be able to step forward and deal with it meaningfully, but it is not something you do in a crisis, and it is not something that should be done by picking out the one area in which 11 million citizens rely on these for dis-ability payments. It should be done thoughtfully and carefully. 
If people are concerned about fraud 
and misuse, I would suggest that my Republican friends look at what they did in the budget process. Over the last 3 years, they have cut 7 percent out of the budget for the Social Security Ad-ministration that could have gone to deal with enforcement and that could have gone to deal with fraud and abuse. It could have gone to make sure that the program is operating properly. 
Instead, we have set up a crisis to try 
and force reductions in benefits for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:46 Feb 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24FE7.000 H24FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1088 February 24, 2015 
some of our most vulnerable. I think it 
is not the way we should go. We shouldn’t be having government by cliff, but we also ought to be dealing with it in a thoughtful and reasonable fashion to make the adjustments that make it sustainable. 
In the meantime, the Republican 
leadership ought to waive that rule— like they routinely do for things that they care about, like passing billions of dollars of unfunded tax cuts—to be able to allow the rebalancing to occur and the decisionmaking to be made in a thoughtful and reasonable fashion. 
f 
TWITTER AND FOREIGN 
TERRORIST ORGANIZATIONS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. P
OE) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, this 
week we learned that three British school girls between the ages of 15 and 16 left their families and have gone to fight with ISIS in Syria. 
How were they recruited to join? 
Well, apparently through social media. And they are not alone. Terrorists have used Twitter to radicalize thousands of young impressionable minds through-out the world and recruit new jihadists. They have also used it as a way to fundraise millions of dollars for their reign of terror. ISIS also uses Twitter to broadcast its barbaric acts and propaganda to the world. 
On February 3, ISIS tweeted a video 
of its evil, horrific burning of a cap-tured Jordanian pilot. Last August, when ISIS released a gruesome behead-ing of American journalist James Foley, it did so on, yes, Twitter. There are many more examples. 
All of these groups—ISIS, AQAP, 
AQIM—are officially listed as des-ignated Foreign Terrorist Organiza-tions by our government. Federal law prohibits giving aid or helping a des-ignated Foreign Terrorist Organiza-tion. These FTOs use Twitter, an American company, as a tool, and no one is stopping them. 
Why are American companies and the 
U.S. Government allowing social media platforms to be hijacked by terrorists? Some suggest that if the U.S. Govern-ment were to shut down terrorists’ so-cial media accounts, such measures would be violating terrorists’ free speech rights. They are wrong. There are no constitutional protections to those who incite violence. No one sup-ports the Bill of Rights more than I do, but free speech has its limitations, just 
as there are no constitutional protec-tions for child pornography. 
Terrorists should not have access to 
an American-controlled social media platform so they can kill, rape, pillage, and burn. There is precedence for this position. The Supreme Court has al-ready ruled and held in the case of Holder v. Humanitarian Law Project that if someone has aided a designated Foreign Terrorist Organization, they do not have constitutional protections of free speech. Twitter has argued that the Feds do 
not want the terrorists’ Twitter ac-counts taken down because they, the Feds, want to track the bad guys. How-ever, keeping these Twitter accounts up has neither stopped nor slowed the terrorists’ recruitment, propaganda, calls for violence, or fundraising ef-forts. Instead, allowing the terrorists to continue using Twitter has helped radicalize hundreds of foreign fighters and raised millions of dollars for them. 
The sad reality is that today, there 
are more terrorists using social media than ever before. Private American companies should not be operating as the propaganda mouthpiece of des-ignated foreign terrorist organizations. 
Mr. Speaker, during World War II, we 
never would have allowed America’s foreign enemies to take out ads in The New York Times recruiting Americans to join the Nazis and go abroad and fight and kill Americans. Today is no different. Social media companies need to do more. Private companies not only have a public responsibility but a legal obligation to be proactive. 
Section 219 of the Immigration and 
Nationality Act states that it is unlaw-ful to provide a designated Foreign Terrorist Organization—like ISIS— with ‘‘material support or resources,’’ including ‘‘any property, tangible or intangible, or services.’’ That is about as comprehensive as you can get. You don’t need to be a law school professor to understand this law actually applies to Twitter. 
It is mind-boggling to think that 
those who behead and burn others alive are able to use our own companies against us to further their cause. This is nutty. But that is exactly what is oc-curring. As a result, there are more than 15,000 foreign fighters, many of whom have been radicalized online, now fighting in Iraq and Syria. That is more than there were in the 14 years of war in Afghanistan. 
Designated Foreign Terrorist Organi-
zations should not be allowed to use private American companies to reach billions of people with their violent hate propaganda and recruitment. It is time to put a stop to this. It is time for Twitter to take down terrorists’ ac-counts. 
And that is just the way it is. 
f 
HOMELAND SECURITY FUNDING 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. H
OYER ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I appre-
ciate what the gentleman has just said about those challenges and threats, along with the undermining of our na-tional security, but it is further at risk this week by our own hand; that is, the Congress of the United States. 
The Department of Homeland Secu-
rity will not be funded. There are 230,000 people who work at that Depart-ment, and 30,000 of them, mostly ad-ministrative personnel, will be laid off. The others, known as critically impor-tant—essential employees who are on 
the front line—will work, but they won’t get paid. 
We can lament what others have 
done to undermine our national secu-rity and share—I think in a bipartisan way—the conclusion that we ought not to further those enterprises, but as I said, Mr. Speaker, by our own hand we are about to shut down the Department of Homeland Security. We have but 4 days to pass a bill continuing its fund-ing. 
I will say with all due respect, Mr. 
Speaker, to my friends on the other side of the aisle, shutting down the government is a strategy they have employed on a number of occasions. In 1995, we shut it down twice, for almost a month, maybe a little longer. 
b1215 
Just a few months ago, we shut it 
down again as a strategy—not as a hap-penstance, but as a strategy. 
Again, Mr. Speaker, there are those 
who are saying in this House: Well, it won’t matter if we shut down the De-partment of Homeland Security. Some of the folks are funded on fees, others will be required to work anyway, so let’s just keep playing this Russian roulette with America’s security and the safety of Americans. 
Mr. Speaker, we are approaching the 
eleventh hour, and the House has not yet been given the opportunity to vote on a bill that, essentially, was agreed to by the Republican Appropriations Committee and reported to this floor, and we essentially passed it, but we passed it for a short period of time. 
There was no debate on funding lev-
els, Mr. Speaker. There was no debate on whether this provision and that pro-vision should or should not be in the bill. We passed it. 
Then the Republicans, Mr. Speaker, 
to accomplish another objective, have done what they said in the pledge to America they would not do, and that is put two different issues in the same bill. Well, they have put a poison pill in this bill. 
If we fail to act and send the Presi-
dent a bill he can and will sign, a bill free from partisan policy riders, then thousands of our Homeland Security agents will be furloughed, and almost— as I said—200,000 others will be forced to work without pay. 
Is that what America has come to? 
Surely not—the impact on our border security, law enforcement, and home-land security will be serious and make our country more vulnerable to threats. 
I came to the rostrum after a gen-
tleman on the other side of the aisle correctly expressed concerns about the threats that confront us. I would hope he would join me in advocating and urging the Republican leadership to bring to the floor a clean—and by clean, I simply mean a bill on which both parties have essentially agreed. 
Chairman M
IKEMCCAUL, the Repub-
lican who leads the House Committee 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:46 Feb 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24FE7.016 H24FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1089 February 24, 2015 
on Homeland Security said yesterday— 
Mr. Speaker, this is the Republican chairman of the Homeland Security Committee: ‘‘I fully believe we should not be playing politics with the na-tional security agency like the Depart-ment of Homeland Security, particu-larly given the high threat environ-ment that we’re in right now.’’ 
What American would say it makes 
sense to play politics with Homeland Security in light of what the gen-tleman has just referenced and which all of us know to be the case? 
We have people who want to harm us 
as a people and as a nation. Mr. Speak-er, this body has a responsibility to the American people to do everything we can to make them as secure as we can and to make our country as secure as we can. 
Senator L
INDSEY GRAHAM , with 
whom I served in this body who now represents South Carolina and is a Re-publican Member of the Senate and an expert on national security, he told his Republican colleagues this—and, again, I quote: ‘‘The worst possible outcome for this Nation is to defund the Depart-ment of Homeland Security, given the multiple threats we face to our home-land, and I will not be part of it.’’ 
None of us ought to be part of it. 435 
of us ought to vote to fund the Home-land Security Department starting on Friday. I urge the Republican majority to heed this advice of Mr. M
CCAUL, of 
Mr. G RAHAM , and, frankly, countless 
other Republicans in the Senate and some in the House to do the responsible thing and let this House work its will on the single subject of our national se-curity. 
If a clean Homeland Security appro-
priation bill were to come to the floor, I am confident—and I tell my friend and the majority leader, Mr. Speaker, every Democrat will vote for it. We are 188 strong. 
Surely, there are 30 responsible Re-
publicans who care more about our na-tional security than their politics who would join us in voting for that bill—I am confident of that—many more, I think, than 30, but at least 30 would be needed, with 188, to get to the 218, and we would fund the Department of Homeland Security, and we could do it tomorrow. 
We could probably do it today by 
unanimous consent—well, no, I don’t think we could do it by unanimous con-sent because there are some who con-tinue to play politics with our national security. 
If the majority is dissatisfied with 
our immigration policy which they ar-
ticulate and legitimately can have an alternative view to express and to try to enact, that is the democratic proc-ess. 
Offer a bill to change that which they 
do not like, not hold hostage the De-partment of Homeland Security until hopefully, from their standpoint, the President is bludgeoned into signing a bill that he does not agree with and he does not believe is good for our country and believes is bad for our economy. If the majority is dissatisfied, bring a 
bill to the floor. Former Homeland Se-curity Secretary Tom Ridge, also a Re-publican with whom I have served when he was a Representative from Pennsylvania, subsequently the Gov-ernor of Pennsylvania and then our first Secretary of Homeland Security, I want to quote him as well as I have quoted the other two Republicans that I have quoted. 
‘‘Political folly’’ and ‘‘bad policy,’’ 
that is Tom Ridge, former Republican Governor and mentioned for President. He went on to say: ‘‘I think the polit-ical repercussions could be severe. And, on top of that, the men and women of Homeland Security deserve better.’’ 
Who wants to work for an employer 
that simply takes them hostage every few months and says to them: You may or may not get paid, you may or may not be able to come to work, you may or may not be able to do your job. It depends upon whether or not our polit-ical ends are served. 
I urge Republican leaders to keep the 
pledge they made to the American peo-ple to consider issues one at a time. Bring a comprehensive immigration re-form bill. If you don’t like what the President has done, bring a bill that changes that. We have the power to do that. Do it. 
We can work in a bipartisan way to 
change our immigration policies through legislation and fix what every-body in this body believes is a broken system. 
Bring a clean appropriation bill to 
the floor to fund the Department of Homeland Security, and then, as well, bring a bill to the floor on comprehen-sive immigration reform or the bill 
that our Republican friends think is the appropriate bill to fix a broken sys-tem, and we will vote and debate on that. 
But let the Department of Homeland 
Security do its job for America, for Americans. Let’s exercise responsible, adult legislating this time. 
f 
HONORING THE FUGUITT ELEMEN-
TARY SCHOOL HONOR GUARD 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida (Mr. J
OLLY ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. JOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to honor an exceptional group of young men in Pinellas County, Florida, the honor guard at Fuguitt Elementary School in Largo. 
Last week, I had the pleasure of vis-
iting with 21 young men of Fuguitt’s honor guard who have recognized the importance of respect, discipline, com-mitment, and speaking out against bul-lying. These are remarkable young men in third, fourth, and fifth grade. 
The honor guard program at Fuguitt 
was started by former Principal Mi-chael Moss; teacher Rhonda Correa; and her husband, Frank Correa, a Ma-rine Corps veteran. The Correas have continued to lead the program today under the leadership of Fuguitt’s prin-cipal, Dr. Kathi Bentley. The purpose of the honor guard is to 
develop structure, discipline, and lead-ership in young students who otherwise might face academic or behavioral challenges. 
Each student signs the honor guard 
pledge, which reads: ‘‘As a Fuguitt honor guard member, I am a student leader of this school. As a member, I promise to be truthful, respectful, help-ful, and hardworking. I will act like an honorable gentleman and respect and honor the flag of the United States of America. I understand my success is my Nation’s success.’’ 
Each day, the honor guard opens the 
school with the presentation of colors and the Pledge of Allegiance. 
Mr. Speaker, the young men com-
mitted to this program represent fu-ture leaders both in Pinellas County and also in our Nation, and they de-serve the recognition and encourage-ment of this body. 
I am honored to recognize Fuguitt 
Elementary School’s honor guard members today: in third grade—Romeo Greene, Sean Lange, Blake Logan, Levita Maafu, Troy Mason, George Mercado, Walit Morton, Daniel Mattrass, Micah Timberlake, and Bryce Young; in fourth grade— Domenic Barclay, Johnnie Chattman, Ari Davis, Matthew Kosinski, and Tyrek Tripp; and in fifth grade—Jon Dameron, Anthony Gonzalez, William Maafu, William Muscu, Steven Suero, and Andra Witchard. 
Today, these young men serve as role 
models to the rest of Fuguitt Elemen-tary School and are held to a high standard, both academically and be-haviorally. I rise today to recognize their efforts and commend the leader-ship at Fuguitt who are committed to the mission to help these students grow into future leaders. 
In closing, I would like to share the 
honor guard’s poem that they recited to me at the end of my visit with them. It is a fitting tribute from 21 young men to the exceptionalism of our Na-tion. 
‘‘We are the beacon of light, the hope 
of mankind, that shining city on a hill, the most beautiful, the most bountiful, the most generous people in the his-tory of the world, the country that has birthed the great titans of science and industry, the country that put a man on the Moon, the country that has lib-erated tens of millions from the clutch-es of evil, the home of the brave, the undisputed champion of freedom, the great Republic, the United States of America.’’ 
I thank the Fuguitt honor guard for 
serving as an inspiration to so many, including to this Member of Congress. 
May God bless each of them and their 
families, and may God bless these United States. 
f 
2015 FUNDING FOR THE DEPART-
MENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:46 Feb 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24FE7.004 H24FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1090 February 24, 2015 
California (Ms. R OYBAL -ALLARD ) for 5 
minutes. 
Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD. Mr. Speaker, 
in December of 2014, as leverage against the President’s immigration executive order, the Republican leader-ship irresponsibly decided to hold hos-tage the 2015 funding for the Depart-ment of Homeland Security. 
We are now 147 days in fiscal year 
2015, just 4 days away from February 28, when the continuing resolution cur-rently funding the Department will ex-pire. The serious consequence of inac-tion by the Republican leadership is that it will leave the Department with-out the funds needed to effectively ful-fill its mission of protecting our home-land. 
It is unbelievable that given the ur-
gency of our national security, House Republicans continue failing to put for-ward a realistic plan to fund the De-partment of Homeland Security. 
Mistakenly, some Republicans be-
lieve the Department is doing just fine under the continuing resolution. Some even say it is okay to let DHS funding expire. Other Republicans suggest the preliminary Texas district court in-junction, which blocks implementation of the President’s executive action on immigration, is reason enough to con-tinue holding hostage the funding for Homeland Security. 
These are dangerously wrong conclu-
sions. Secretary Johnson and agency heads have warned that if the CR is al-lowed to expire, national security oper-ations will be disrupted, and essential personnel will be required to work without pay. They also warn passing another CR will not address the uncer-tainty of being able to meet our long- term national security needs. 
Our national security cannot wait for 
the unrelated issue of the President’s executive actions on immigration to work its way through the judicial proc-ess which, at best, is likely to take sev-eral months. 
By contrast, Democrats have a re-
sponsible solution. Two weeks ago, Ap-propriations Committee Ranking Mem-ber N
ITALOWEY and I introduced H.R. 
861. It is a clean appropriations bill that funds the Department of Home-land Security for the remainder of fis-cal year 2015. It is not a Democratic bill. If it were, it would more closely reflect Democratic priorities. 
Rather, H.R. 861 contains the precise 
language of the November 2014 bipar-tisan bill negotiated in good faith by chairs and ranking members of the House and Senate Homeland Security Appropriations Subcommittees. 
This is the bill that was intended to 
be part of the 2015 omnibus legislation that funded the rest of the Federal Government. It is the bill that will en-able the Department of Homeland Se-curity to address our Nation’s current and most pressing security needs. 
I am pleased that H.R. 861 is cospon-
sored by every Democrat in the House, and we urge our Republican colleagues to join us. b1230 
This bipartisan, bicameral bill will 
pass the House, pass the Senate, and be signed into law by the President. All it needs is for the Republican leadership to bring the bill to the floor for a vote. 
Surely our Nation need not experi-
ence attacks like those in Paris and Copenhagen before we show our resolve to fund our Department of Homeland Security. Let us not wait around and hope Senate Republicans do the respon-sible thing. 
House Republicans should lead by 
bringing H.R. 861 for a vote and making it clear to the American people that our Nation’s security takes priority over political and unrelated policy de-bates. Failure to do so and letting funding for Homeland Security expire or taking the easy way out by kicking a viable solution down the road with a continuing resolution represents a fail-ure in fulfilling our most basic respon-sibility as Members of Congress: to pro-tect the American people and our coun-try from harm. 
Let’s pass H.R. 861 today. 
f 
WILKES EARLY COLLEGE HIGH 
SCHOOL 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Ms. F
OXX) for 5 min-
utes. 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, today I rise 
to recognize a pioneering school in Wilkesboro, North Carolina. 
Established in 2009, Wilkes Early Col-
lege High School is a partnership be-tween Wilkes County Schools and Wilkes Community College. The school provides a small learning community of students the opportunity to earn both a high school diploma and an as-sociate degree. It is a 5-year school which enrolls approximately 60 ninth graders each year and is located on the campus of Wilkes Community College where students are enrolled in both honors-level high school classes and college courses. 
The mission of Wilkes Early College 
High School is to provide a personal-ized program of study that will em-power students to be lifelong, commu-nity-oriented learners who possess the technical and leadership skills needed for personal and professional success in a global community. 
The $40 annual fee, which covers 
textbooks and enrollment, is an ex-tremely affordable way to help stu-dents reach their education goals, espe-cially when you consider that the aver-age tuition and fees was $2,305 for a public 2-year institution in North Caro-lina this year and $6,677 for a public 4- year institution. And those costs have increased 30 percent over the last 5 years. 
Many of the students who attend 
Wilkes Early College High School are the first in their family to attend col-lege. As a result, Principal Dion Stocks and his staff are working hard to out-line expectations and guide students 
through the process of applying to a 4- year institution. Seminar classes are provided to assist students with under-standing college expectations, the ap-plication process, and financial aid. 
Last year, 21 students earned their 
associate degree in the school’s first of-ficial graduating class, and 20 students are expected to earn their degree this year. 
Wilkes Early College High School 
provides an advanced educational expe-rience that equips students for success in college, career, and life. America needs more of this type of innovative learning. 
f 
FUNDING THE DEPARTMENT OF 
HOMELAND SECURITY 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Hawaii (Mr. T
AKAI) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. TAKAI. Mr. Speaker, today 
marks 4 days until the Department of Homeland Security runs out of money. We all had the opportunity for the first time this session to go back home last week for our district workweek, and I had an opportunity to speak about this particular issue at the Honolulu Inter-national Airport, where many of our DHS officials and employees are very concerned about this lapse of funding. Although some DHS employees would continue to work in the event of a shutdown, they would be forced to do so without pay, creating a significant distraction and dealing a significant blow to morale. 
Every single House Democrat has co-
sponsored clean legislation to fund DHS, and it is clear that there are a sufficient amount of votes to pass this bill now. 
Keeping America’s families safe is 
the first responsibility and priority of this Congress. We need to put aside the political gridlock that has plagued this House for too long and fund DHS now. An impasse in funding would close down the bulk of DHS’ management and support of Homeland Security in-frastructure that was built following the 9/11 terrorist attacks. 
Essential funding for the Department 
of Homeland Security is no place for grandstanding against immigration re-form that strengthens our economy and our country. Let’s remember: it was the inability of this House to act on the Senate’s comprehensive immi-gration reform bill that forced the President to take executive action on immigration in the first place. 
I came to Congress telling my con-
stituents that I do not support govern-ment shutdowns, Federal furloughs, or sequestration, and now some in this body think they can fix this with fur-ther inaction, with further furloughs and further government shutdowns. I think not. 
Let’s pass a clean bill. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:46 Feb 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24FE7.005 H24FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1091 February 24, 2015 
REMEMBERING WILLIE DAVIS 
‘‘BIG WILL’’ PRINGLE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Ms. 
FOXX). The Chair recognizes the gen-
tleman from California (Mr. D ENHAM ) 
for 5 minutes. 
Mr. DENHAM. Madam Speaker, I rise 
today to acknowledge and honor the life of a beloved community leader and friend from Victor Valley College. Willie Davis Pringle, also known as Big Will, was a beloved father, grandfather, brother, uncle, and coach. He died at the age of 62 on Tuesday, January 6, of this year. 
Willie began his career at Victor Val-
ley College, where he worked for 33 years. He was an active member of his community, and he advocated for stu-dents, the disabled, and the disadvan-taged. While at VVC, Willie also met the woman and coworker who later be-came his wife, Mary. 
Willie was a member of the Victor 
Valley Elementary School Board for 16 years. He assisted the disabled through job opportunities and benefits, served on the Hesperia Truancy Board, and was a member of the City of Victorville Advisory Board and Planning Commis-sion. He also served as a member of the supervisory committee for the Victor Valley Federal Credit Union and was currently serving as president of the board of directors for Excelsior Charter School. 
For many years, Willie would help 
serve meals to the homeless with the Salvation Army. Recently, he was rec-ognized by the Los Angeles County Al-liance, the California Alliance, and the National Alliance of Black School Edu-cators for his service as a school board member. In 2009, Victor Valley Commu-nity College presented him with the Distinguished Service Award. 
Willie was a lot more than that to 
many of us students. In the 33 years that he spent there, he was a friend; he was a mentor; he would talk to you as you walked through the campus; he would recognize if you weren’t in class that day. Many times, he would seek you out in the community to make sure that you were staying out of trou-ble. This mentor meant so much to so many of us, and he is going to be sorely missed. 
In December, Victor Valley College 
officials hosted a dedication ceremony in honor of the 33-year college em-ployee, naming the college’s athletic training room after him. Pringle served as the Rams’ head football coach and athletic director, and he later became the director of student services before retiring. 
He gave a lot of advice to many of us, 
encouraging us to seek out other op-portunities. For me, I became student body president. And we had many other football players that followed in those same footsteps, at Willie’s request. He kept us busy. He mentored us. He got us involved and engaged. 
Madam Speaker, please join me in 
honoring and recognizing Willie Davis Pringle for his unwavering leadership and many accomplishments and con-
tributions. 
f 
THE DHS EMPLOYEE 
RETROACTIVE PAY ACT 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. B
EYER ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. BEYER. Madam Speaker, in 3 
short days, absent congressional ac-tion, funding for the Department of Homeland Security will lapse and the Department will be forced to shut down. Should this be allowed, the vast majority of the DHS workforce will be required to work without pay until a funding agreement is reached. The re-mainder—more than 30,000 dedicated individuals—will be furloughed with no guarantee of backpay. 
Congress must act immediately to 
enact legislation that would fully fund the Department and allow these men and women who live and work in every district in every State to continue to carry out the critical message of keep-ing our Nation healthy, safe, and strong. 
But in the absence of such action, 
with time running dangerously short, DHS employees, at the very least, must be assured that there is an agreement in Congress that they will receive their full pay in a fair and timely manner. That is why I, along with my friend and colleague from Virginia (Mr. W
ITT-
MAN), have introduced the DHS Em-
ployee Retroactive Pay Fairness Act. This bipartisan proposal ensures that all Federal DHS employees receive ret-roactive pay for the duration of any shutdown, regardless of furlough sta-tus. 
Madam Speaker, as we wait for Con-
gress to do its job, we should not stop the men and women of DHS from doing theirs. We must guarantee they receive pay and that they not become collat-eral damage of Congress’ refusal to reach an agreement. 
f 
RADICAL ISLAM 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. W
ALKER ) for 5 min-
utes. 
Mr. WALKER. Madam Speaker, in 
traveling throughout the district this past week, people shared with me their frustration at the ambiguous language from this administration in describing the evils of radical Islamist terrorism. 
Though I greatly respect the office of 
the President, I too have grown weary at the timidity. While other world leaders have come to the forefront, our President continues to be defensive, at best. 
At first glance, the silence appears to 
be passive or poor leadership. But I am inclined to believe that the President’s posture is not one of weakness but, rather, an intentional directive in both rhetoric and action. It appears that his promise to take our country in a fun-damentally new direction is being played out in realtime. Instead of de-
fending our liberty and our way of life, which is the most charitable in the world, our President seems to scoff at the belief that our country has been uniquely blessed by God. 
I would be remiss today if I did not 
pause and remember our Egyptian Christian brothers in the recent bar-baric attacks in Libya. ISIS murdered innocent husbands and fathers who clearly died for their faith and their be-liefs. 
Just this morning, we hear further 
reports out of Syria that Islamic State militants have abducted dozens of Christians, including women and chil-dren. Weeks prior, the President chas-tised the Christian community for get-ting on their judgmental high horses. Yet, in describing our martyred broth-ers from Egypt, the President refused to even utter the word, ‘‘Christian.’’ 
The undermining of our beliefs has 
become an issue with this President. This very week, we face a constitu-tional crisis that was created solely by this administration. House Republicans have passed legislation to fully fund the Department of Homeland Security, yet this President is now asking me and my colleagues to do something that, for 6 years and on more than 20 occasions, he said was outside the law. 
Throughout history, strong leaders 
have exhibited strength in times of cri-ses. Recently, Tony Blair met with a few of us and gave a great speech on the concerns and the ills of extreme terrorism. He said this, and I haven’t forgotten it. He said: America, it is not your job to be loved; it is your job to lead. 
Today, I beseech the President to 
lead by clearly defining this expanding extremism that is ISIS, al Qaeda, Boko Haram, al Shabaab, and other radical Islamic fundamentalists. 
b1245 
There are times when riding the high 
horse of justice is our only option. The American people are demanding strength. It is time to speak out. De-fend our inalienable rights of liberty and life, be courageous, be a leader, Mr. President. The world is watching. 
f 
MIRACLE ON ICE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. S
TEFANIK ) for 5 min-
utes. 
Ms. STEFANIK. ‘‘Do you believe in 
miracles?’’ 
Madam Speaker, these were the 
iconic words uttered by legendary sportscaster Al Michaels with just 3 seconds left in the historic match be-tween Team USA and the Soviet na-tional hockey team in the 1980 Winter Olympics in Lake Placid. With the eyes of the world on the Lake Placid games, through sheer grit and determination, an amateur Team USA proudly did what many thought would be impos-sible by defeating the favored Soviet team. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:46 Feb 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24FE7.007 H24FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1092 February 24, 2015 
Decades of cold war politics made 
this event more than just an ordinary hockey game. For many, it was one more proud reminder of what a deter-mined and united America can accom-plish. I grew up hearing this story firsthand from my dad, who was in Lake Placid with his best friend, Doug Brownell, when the underdog Team USA won and the crowds erupted in cheers. It was an awe-inspiring mo-ment for our entire country and the world. 
Our community in Lake Placid and 
the North Country still celebrate this incredible occasion. This past weekend Lake Placid was proud to host a re-union celebrating the 35th anniversary of this game and hosting the players from the 1980 Team USA men’s hockey team. Our North Country community is proud to be a home for this historic and inspiring event, and I am proud to stand on the House floor today to com-memorate the 35th anniversary of the ‘‘miracle on ice.’’ 
f 
THE STUDENT SUCCESS ACT 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
WALKER ). The Chair recognizes the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. T HOMP -
SON) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
Mr. Speaker, soon the House of Rep-resentatives is expected to vote on H.R. 5, the Student Success Act. H.R. 5 rep-resents a long overdue rewrite of the current No Child Left Behind with new policies that aim to ensure that every student in this country has access to a quality public education. 
For years our Federal education pol-
icy has been failing our Nation’s stu-dents—the statistics do not lie. Today only 38 percent of seniors in high school can read at grade level, and just 26 percent are proficient in math. 
While I do not believe that any Mem-
ber can be in total agreement with every aspect of the proposed bill, it is important to recognize the underlying goal of reducing the Federal Govern-ment’s role in education while empow-ering States and especially local school districts with discretion over academic standards and testing. 
While truly well intentioned, the cur-
rent law places undue pressures upon young learners and has turned hard-working, compassionate teachers into test proctors. This is not fair to those who have worked tirelessly to ensure our children are receiving a quality education, nor is it fair to our children, who are not receiving a well-rounded education but memorizing answers to specific test questions. 
It has become overwhelmingly clear 
that the Washington bureaucrats don’t know how to educate our children. I can assure you that parents, adminis-trators, and local school boards under-stand what is best for their children. It is time for our Federal Government to take a backseat and give power over education back to the States, the true laboratories of innovation. Mr. Speaker, we are not going to 
agree upon every issue when it comes to education. However, now is the time to act. Our children deserve as much, and our Nation’s future depends on it. 
f 
RECESS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until 2 p.m. today. 
Accordingly (at 12 o’clock and 49 
minutes p.m.), the House stood in re-cess. 
f 
b1400 
AFTER RECESS 
The recess having expired, the House 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. W
ALKER ) at 2 p.m. 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick 
J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: 
Loving God, we give You thanks for 
giving us another day. 
As we meditate on all the blessing of 
life, we especially pray for the blessing of peace in our lives and in our world. Our fervent prayer, O God, is that peo-ple will learn to live together in rec-onciliation and respect, so that the ter-rors of war now raging in Ukraine, Syria, and threatening to spread will be no more. 
May Your special blessings be upon 
the Members of this assembly in the important, often difficult work they do. Give them wisdom and charity that they might work together for the com-mon good when issues on so many fronts present seemingly impossible roads to cooperation. 
May all that is done this day in the 
people’s House be for Your greater honor and glory. 
Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-
nal stands approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the 
gentleman from Michigan (Mr. K ILDEE ) 
come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. 
Mr. KILDEE led the Pledge of Alle-
giance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
WORLD LEADERS FOCUSED ON 
TERRORISM 
(Mr. WILSON of South Carolina 
asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-
vise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. 
Speaker, during the Presidents’ Day break, I was grateful to chair a delega-tion to visit with President Ashraf Ghani of Afghanistan, King Abdullah II of Jordan, and President Fuad Masum of Iraq, along with Defense Minister Khaled al-Obaidi of Iraq. Each leader clearly wants to protect their citizens from terrorism. 
I was joined by the dynamic E
LISE 
STEFANIK of New York, four-tour Iraq 
veteran S ETH MOULTON of Massachu-
setts, and hardworking B RAD ASHFORD  
of Nebraska. 
It is more clear than ever that Daesh, 
the Arab interpretation of ISIL, is a growing threat to the American people, and we must forcefully defeat the bar-barian murderers with our courageous allies abroad. 
Radical Islam has declared war on 
Americans and targets fellow Muslims, as evidenced during our visit. We have seen in the last 10 days the slaughter of 40 worshippers at a mosque in Paki-stan, the burning of over 30 innocent civilians in Iraq, the beheadings of 21 Egyptian Coptic Christians in Libya, and Jews murdered in Copenhagen. 
In conclusion, God bless our troops, 
and may the President, by his actions, never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. 
f 
WE MUST PASS A CLEAN DHS 
BILL IMMEDIATELY 
(Ms. M CCOLLUM asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Speaker, over 
the weekend, Minnesota’s Mall of America was the subject of threats from the terrorist organization, al Shabaab. 
The Department of Homeland Secu-
rity is a vital partner with State and local law enforcement in protecting our Nation from terroristic threats; 
yet, in 72 hours, funding for the Depart-ment of Homeland Security will run out. 
The Republicans’ decision to use the 
DHS budget to pick a fight with the President is jeopardizing our national security. The Department of Homeland Security must have certainty in their budget to plan, prepare, and protect our country from threats like the one made against the Mall of America. 
My Democratic colleagues and I have 
proposed a clean budget for DHS that would provide the tools they need to protect the American people from very real harm. We must pass a DHS bill im-mediately. 
Then Congress can focus on our ef-
forts on good jobs and strong wages to create even more economic growth for the American people. 
f 
FUND DHS IMMEDIATELY 
(Mr. KILDEE asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:46 Feb 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24FE7.008 H24FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1093 February 24, 2015 
Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, well, 
there are only 4 days left until the De-partment of Homeland Security shuts down, so I urge all my GOP colleagues to please take up a clean funding bill for the Department of Homeland Secu-rity and take away the threat of an-other government shutdown. Take that threat off the table. 
If you won’t listen to us on the 
Democratic side of the aisle, listen to some of your own colleagues. Listen to Senator R
ONJOHNSON who said: ‘‘The 
political impasse on DHS funding must end.’’ 
Or listen to Representative M
IKE 
MCCAUL, who is chairman of the House 
Committee on Homeland Security. He said: ‘‘We should not be playing poli-tics with the national security agency like DHS, particularly given the high threat environment we’re in right now.’’ 
Let’s stop the gamesmanship. Let’s 
get back to governing the way the American people want us to. Bring a clean DHS funding bill to the floor. 
f 
IT IS TIME TO BE CONSTRUCTIVE, 
NOT OBSTRUCTIVE 
(Mr. RUPPERSBERGER asked and 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. RUPPERSBERGER. Mr. Speak-
er, as we saw from the horrific ter-rorist attack in Paris, now is not the time to be cutting funding for pro-grams that protect Americans from en-emies intent on doing us harm. 
I am dismayed that some lawmakers 
are supporting punitive and ill-in-formed legislation to defund the De-partment of Homeland Security be-cause they disagree with President Obama’s recent executive action on the deportation of undocumented immi-grants. 
It is wrong to play political football 
with something as sacred as our na-tional security. Even if you disagree with the President’s immigration pol-icy, it is irresponsible to withhold funding from the agencies that protect Americans from terrorists. 
I know from my experience as rank-
ing member of the House Intelligence Committee that this is a dangerous world. We must fully fund Homeland Security priorities—including Secret Service, the Coast Guard, and border security—through a Department of Homeland Security Appropriations bill, while separately debating com-prehensive immigration reform. 
Let’s stop the ideological partisan 
politics and do what the American peo-ple want us to do: protect our home-land, our communities, and our fami-lies. It is time to be constructive, not obstructive. 
f 
LET’S FUND DHS 
(Ms. PINGREE asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. PINGREE. Mr. Speaker, I think 
just about every one of us in Congress went through security at an airport in our home State this week, and like millions of Americans who fly every day, we are protected by 40,000 TSA of-ficers that we depend on to keep us safe. 
But now, we are on the verge of stop-
ping paychecks to all of those officers and 50,000 Border Patrol agents and 40,000 Active-Duty Coast Guard mem-bers who are needed to protect our shores. In my State and many others this winter, they are being called upon to break up the ice and keep our har-bors open. 
It is not just the people who keep us 
safe. It is FEMA. Just like much of the country, we have suffered from one of the hardest winters in memory in Maine, but if the Department of Home-land Security is shut down, then FEMA will not be able to process any new dis-aster relief applications from our States. 
This winter has created a crisis for 
my State and for many local govern-ments. Let’s not add to that with a manufactured crisis of our own by forc-ing the Department of Homeland Secu-rity to shut down, just because some people don’t like President Obama’s immigration policies. 
We have the votes right here in the 
House to pass a bill to fund DHS. Just let’s take a vote on it. 
f 
HONORING THE SERVICE OF 
MURRAY KALISH 
(Mr. DEUTCH asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. DEUTCH. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor Murray Kalish, a dear friend and constituent who, last week, celebrated his 97th birthday. 
Through a lifetime of hard work and 
dedication to public service, Murray established himself as one of the most committed community leaders in south Florida. He has served on the boards of the county planning and zoning com-mission, his synagogue board, and the Lake Worth Drainage District Board. 
Murray has shown a strong political 
acumen throughout his career, found-ing the important United South Coun-ty Democratic Club, and possessing an uncanny ability to spot up-and-coming leaders and direct them into elected of-fice. 
A mentor to many, Murray has been 
the gatekeeper of the Palm Beach County political landscape. As an as-piring politician, you simply cannot hope to succeed without the guidance and insight that only Murray could provide. 
It is a privilege, Mr. Speaker, to rep-
resent a district with so many citizens who work tirelessly to make a dif-ference every day, and Florida’s public servants have Murray Kalish to thank for their inspiration. 
Thank you, Murray, for your friend-
ship. To you and your dear late wife, Roz, you have been a blessing to me, 
and I am so pleased to stand here rep-resenting our community on the House floor to say thank you for your re-markable achievements and our com-munity that has been strengthened as a result. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CHIEF 
ADMINISTRATIVE OFFICER OF THE HOUSE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from the Chief Administrative Officer of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CHIEF ADMINISTRA -
TIVE OFFICER , H OUSE OF REP-
RESENTATIVES , 
Washington, DC, February 18, 2015. 
Hon. J OHNA. B OEHNER , 
Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
D
EARMR. SPEAKER : This is to notify you 
formally pursuant to Rule VIII of the Rules of the House of Representatives that I have been served with a grand jury subpoena for documents, issued by the United States Dis-trict Court for the Eastern District of Vir-ginia. 
After consultation with the Office of Gen-
eral Counsel, I have determined that compli-ance with the subpoena is consistent with the privileges and rights of the House. 
Sincerely, 
E
DCASSIDY , 
Chief Administrative Officer. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE 
CLERK OF THE HOUSE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
Washington, DC, February 23, 2015. 
Hon. J OHNA. B OEHNER , 
The Speaker, U.S. Capitol, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-
mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on February 23, 2015 at 4:44 p.m.: 
Appointments: Commission on Care. Senate National Security Working Group 
for the One Hundred Fourteenth Congress. 
With best wishes, I am 
Sincerely, 
K
AREN L. H AAS. 
f 
RECESS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until ap-proximately 4 p.m. today. 
Accordingly (at 2 o’clock and 12 min-
utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1603 
AFTER RECESS 
The recess having expired, the House 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. P
OEof Texas) at 4 o’clock 
and 3 minutes p.m. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:35 Feb 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24FE7.010 H24FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1094 February 24, 2015 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, the Chair will postpone further proceedings today on motions to suspend the rules on which a recorded vote or the yeas and nays are ordered, or on which the vote incurs objection under clause 6 of rule XX. 
Record votes on postponed questions 
will be taken later. 
f 
DRINKING WATER PROTECTION 
ACT 
Mr. LATTA. Mr. Speaker, I move to 
suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 212) to amend the Safe Drinking Water Act to provide for the assess-ment and management of the risk of cyanotoxins in drinking water, and for other purposes, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 212 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Drinking 
Water Protection Act’’. 
SEC. 2. AMENDMENT TO THE SAFE DRINKING 
WATER ACT. 
(a) A MENDMENT .—Part E of the Safe Drink-
ing Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300j et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 1459. ALGAL TOXIN RISK ASSESSMENT AND 
MANAGEMENT. 
‘‘(a) S TRATEGIC PLAN.— 
‘‘(1) D EVELOPMENT .—Not later than 90 days 
after the date of enactment of this section, the Administrator shall develop and submit to Congress a strategic plan for assessing and managing risks associated with algal toxins in drinking water provided by public water systems. The strategic plan shall in-clude steps and timelines to— 
‘‘(A) evaluate the risk to human health 
from drinking water provided by public water systems contaminated with algal tox-ins; 
‘‘(B) establish, publish, and update a com-
prehensive list of algal toxins which the Ad-ministrator determines may have an adverse effect on human health when present in drinking water provided by public water sys-tems, taking into account likely exposure levels; 
‘‘(C) summarize— ‘‘(i) the known adverse human health ef-
fects of algal toxins included on the list pub-lished under subparagraph (B) when present in drinking water provided by public water systems; and 
‘‘(ii) factors that cause toxin-producing 
cyanobacteria and algae to proliferate and express toxins; 
‘‘(D) with respect to algal toxins included 
on the list published under subparagraph (B), determine whether to— 
‘‘(i) publish health advisories pursuant to 
section 1412(b)(1)(F) for such algal toxins in drinking water provided by public water sys-tems; 
‘‘(ii) establish guidance regarding feasible 
analytical methods to quantify the presence of algal toxins; and 
‘‘(iii) establish guidance regarding the fre-
quency of monitoring necessary to determine if such algal toxins are present in drinking water provided by public water systems; ‘‘(E) recommend feasible treatment op-
tions, including procedures, equipment, and source water protection practices, to miti-gate any adverse public health effects of algal toxins included on the list published under subparagraph (B); and 
‘‘(F) enter into cooperative agreements 
with, and provide technical assistance to, af-fected States and public water systems, as identified by the Administrator, for the pur-pose of managing risks associated with algal toxins included on the list published under subparagraph (B). 
‘‘(2) U
PDATES .—The Administrator shall, as 
appropriate, update and submit to Congress the strategic plan developed under paragraph (1). 
‘‘(b) I
NFORMATION COORDINATION .—In car-
rying out this section the Administrator shall— 
‘‘(1) identify gaps in the Agency’s under-
standing of algal toxins, including— 
‘‘(A) the human health effects of algal tox-
ins included on the list published under sub-section (a)(1)(B); and 
‘‘(B) methods and means of testing and 
monitoring for the presence of harmful algal toxins in source water of, or drinking water provided by, public water systems; 
‘‘(2) as appropriate, consult with— ‘‘(A) other Federal agencies that— ‘‘(i) examine or analyze cyanobacteria or 
algal toxins; or 
‘‘(ii) address public health concerns related 
to harmful algal blooms; 
‘‘(B) States; ‘‘(C) operators of public water systems; ‘‘(D) multinational agencies; ‘‘(E) foreign governments; ‘‘(F) research and academic institutions; 
and 
‘‘(G) companies that provide relevant 
drinking water treatment options; and 
‘‘(3) assemble and publish information 
from each Federal agency that has— 
‘‘(A) examined or analyzed cyanobacteria 
or algal toxins; or 
‘‘(B) addressed public health concerns re-
lated to harmful algal blooms. 
‘‘(c) U
SE OF SCIENCE .—The Administrator 
shall carry out this section in accordance with the requirements described in section 1412(b)(3)(A), as applicable. 
‘‘(d) F
EASIBLE .—For purposes of this sec-
tion, the term ‘feasible’ has the meaning given such term in section 1412(b)(4)(D).’’. 
(b) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 
90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall prepare and submit to Congress a report that includes— 
(1) an inventory of funds— (A) expended by the United States, for each 
of fiscal years 2010 through 2014, to examine or analyze toxin-producing cyanobacteria and algae or address public health concerns related to harmful algal blooms; and 
(B) that includes the specific purpose for 
which the funds were made available, the law under which the funds were authorized, and the Federal agency that received or spent the funds; and 
(2) recommended steps to reduce any dupli-
cation, and improve interagency coordina-tion, of such expenditures. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. L
ATTA ) and the gentleman 
from New Jersey (Mr. P ALLONE ) each 
will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Ohio. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. LATTA. Mr. Speaker, I ask unan-
imous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-
sert extraneous materials in the R
ECORD on the bill. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Ohio? 
There was no objection. Mr. LATTA. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support 
of H.R. 212, the Drinking Water Protec-tion Act, which I reintroduced from last Congress in January. This impor-tant, bipartisan legislation requires the EPA to develop and submit a stra-tegic plan to Congress for assessing and managing risks associated with algal toxins in drinking water provided by public water systems. 
Unfortunately, from the Great Lakes 
to other surface freshwaters across the country, algal toxins, produced by harmful algal blooms, are presenting a serious concern to human health and safety. 
Last August, half a million people in 
the Toledo, Ohio, area, including many of my constituents, weren’t able to uti-lize their public drinking water for over 2 days without risking potentially negative health effects due to a high level of algal toxins detected in the city’s public water supply. During that time, concerns and questions were and have since been raised about health ef-fects data, testing protocols, treatment processes, and appropriate short- and long-term responses. Furthermore, dur-ing hearings in the House Energy and Commerce Committee, witnesses testi-fied about the further complexity of this issue due to the numerous other algal toxins and variants that may have potential negative health effects when present in public drinking water. 
I commend the work that the U.S. 
EPA, the State of Ohio, and others have done since the Toledo water emer-gency to ensure public safety; however, the situation demonstrated the need for a more strategic, comprehensive, and strong scientific approach to pro-tect our citizens’ public drinking water. I believe H.R. 212 does just this. 
Specifically, the legislation calls for 
the EPA’s strategic plan to include steps and timelines to: evaluate the risk to human health from drinking water provided by public water systems contaminated with algal toxins; estab-lish, publish, and update a comprehen-sive list of algal toxins which the ad-ministrator determines may have an adverse effect on human health when present in public drinking water and provide a summary of those known ad-verse effects; publish health advisories 
and testing methods if the EPA deter-mines it is warranted based on the pub-lished list; recommend feasible treat-ment options; enter into cooperative agreements and provide technical as-sistance to affected States and public water systems to manage risks associ-ated with algal toxins; and identify gaps in the EPA’s understanding of algal toxins. 
I want to thank all the cosponsors of 
this bill as well as Chairman U
PTON , 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:35 Feb 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24FE7.017 H24FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1095 February 24, 2015 
Subcommittee Chairman S HIMKUS , and 
all the other staff and stakeholders who have worked diligently on this im-portant legislation. 
I urge the full support of my col-
leagues for H.R. 212. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, harmful algal blooms 
are a serious and growing threat to public health. The toxins they produce threaten communities that draw their water from coastal areas and the Great Lakes. They also pose risks to those who swim in contaminated waters or eat contaminated fish. 
Health impacts include skin and eye 
irritation, gastrointestinal illness, can-cer, paralysis, and even death. Eco-nomic impacts are also serious, ad-versely affecting fishing, recreation, and tourism. Estimates of annual costs of these algal blooms in the United States are in the billions of dollars. 
This summer, Toledo, Ohio, experi-
enced a profound disruption when citi-zens woke to a ‘‘do not drink’’ order. The impacts were significant and wide-spread. But the problem is not limited to Ohio or Lake Erie. Harmful algal blooms have been a recurring problem in my home State of New Jersey for decades. So I appreciate that the ma-jority is taking up this bipartisan leg-islation to begin to address this most important environmental problem. 
This bill is a good step. More needs to 
be done. I am happy to say that lan-guage reported from the Energy and Commerce Committee reflects several changes sought by Democratic mem-bers of the committee. The bill was broadened to ensure that EPA will look at all algal toxins that may have an adverse effect on human health and consider source water protection meas-ures, which are the preferred and most effective approach to managing harm-ful algal blooms. 
I thank the chairmen and majority 
staff for working with Ranking Mem-ber T
ONKO , myself, and the Democratic 
staff to improve the bill. 
For too long, Republicans in Con-
gress have been more interested in at-tacking the EPA than supporting the important work the Agency does to protect human health, and safe drink-ing water should be a bipartisan issue. Unfortunately, this bill does lack re-sources. 
Addressing cyanotoxins in drinking 
water is very expensive for States and water utilities. If Congress doesn’t make funding available at the Federal level, the money will have to come out of already strained State budgets or out of consumers’ pockets. The cooper-ative agreements envisioned in the bill can address some of these costs, Mr. Speaker, but only if they are funded, and the strategic plan will have no im-pact if there are no resources to carry it out. 
So I hope this bill can be the start of 
broader drinking water work to address important threats like climate change, 
fracking, security, and aging infra-structure. As we continue our drinking water work this Congress, I hope the majority will recognize the importance of funding in addressing these needs. 
Resources are central to the con-
versation about safe drinking water. Much of our Nation’s drinking water infrastructure is well beyond its useful life and in desperate need of replace-ment. Algae and other emerging threats, spurred by climate change and other factors, add to the challenge. In-vesting in drinking water infrastruc-ture protects public health, creates jobs, and boosts the economy, and this is something that we should all sup-port. 
Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleagues 
on the Energy and Commerce Com-mittee, the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. L
ATTA ), and my good friend from Ohio 
(Ms. K APTUR ) for their hard work to ad-
dress an important environmental threat. 
I support this bill. I urge its adop-
tion. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. LATTA. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
I, too, would ask that the House pass 
H.R. 212. 
I appreciate, again, all of the work 
from all the members and the staff in putting this bill together and getting it on the floor, and also Chairman U
PTON  
for his work on the legislation as well as Chairman S
HIMKUS . 
I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support 
of the Drinking Water Protection Act, to arm communities against the threats posed by toxic algae. 
The water emergency across the Toledo re-
gion for three days last August highlighted the need for a more robust federal response to harmful algal blooms in our Great Lakes and around the country. 
Nearly half a million people, businesses, 
and hospitals were without fresh water from the city’s system. 
First and foremost, Northern Ohio—which 
draws its sustenance from Lake Erie—has to guarantee our water is safe to drink. 
Our communities must be informed and pre-
pared to respond, in the event of another emergency. 
This bill is an important step in the right di-
rection. 
It is my hope that it expedites work at the 
U.S. EPA to publish long-overdue guidelines on safe consumption limits and testing proto-cols, in addition to treatment methods—infor-mation the EPA has been working on for more than a decade and a half. 
This is information that our mayors, our gov-
ernor, and our citizens are clamoring for. 
Congress needs to pass this bill, and I hope 
our counterparts in the Senate will take up the measure quickly. 
Still, this bill only addresses one facet of the 
challenge. 
We must meet the larger challenge of stop-
ping the growth of these blooms at their source—the nutrients flooding through our riv-ers, into Lake Erie. 
That imperative is not included in this par-
ticular bill, but we are working through pro-grams like the Great Lakes Restoration Initia-
tive to install conservation projects across our watershed. 
Congress should overturn the ill-advised 
proposed cuts to the GLRI program and fully fund it. 
The EPA and Corps of Engineers are also 
working to better protect our waterways through the Clean Water Act. 
If we are interested in protecting our Lakes 
and rivers and the communities that rely on them, Congress should stop opposing this im-portant progress. 
Until the flow of algae-feeding nutrients into 
the lake is stopped, the risk of further water emergencies will persist. 
I urge my colleagues to join me in this 
broader effort, and that starts by supporting the bill before us today. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. L
ATTA ) 
that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 212, as amended. 
The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the 
opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, on that 
I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
b1615 
FEDERAL COMMUNICATIONS COM-
MISSION CONSOLIDATED RE-PORTING ACT OF 2015 
Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I move 
to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 734) to amend the Communica-tions Act of 1934 to consolidate the re-porting obligations of the Federal Communications Commission in order to improve congressional oversight and reduce reporting burdens. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 734 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Federal 
Communications Commission Consolidated Reporting Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. COMMUNICATIONS MARKETPLACE RE-
PORT. 
Title I of the Communications Act of 1934 
(47 U.S.C. 151 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 13. COMMUNICATIONS MARKETPLACE RE-
PORT. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—In the last quarter of 
every even-numbered year, the Commission shall publish on its website and submit to the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives and the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation of the Senate a report on the state of the communications marketplace. 
‘‘(b) C
ONTENTS .—Each report required by 
subsection (a) shall— 
‘‘(1) assess the state of competition in the 
communications marketplace, including competition to deliver voice, video, audio, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:35 Feb 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24FE7.018 H24FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1096 February 24, 2015 
and data services among providers of tele-
communications, providers of commercial mobile service (as defined in section 332), multichannel video programming distribu-tors (as defined in section 602), broadcast sta-tions, providers of satellite communications, Internet service providers, and other pro-viders of communications services; 
‘‘(2) assess the state of deployment of com-
munications capabilities, including advanced telecommunications capability (as defined in section 706 of the Telecommunications Act of 1996 (47 U.S.C. 1302)), regardless of the tech-nology used for such deployment, including whether advanced telecommunications capa-bility is being deployed to all Americans in a reasonable and timely fashion; 
‘‘(3) assess whether laws, regulations, or 
regulatory practices (whether those of the Federal Government, States, political sub-divisions of States, Indian tribes or tribal or-ganizations (as such terms are defined in sec-tion 4 of the Indian Self-Determination and 
Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 450b)), or foreign governments) pose a barrier to com-petitive entry into the communications mar-ketplace or to the competitive expansion of existing providers of communications serv-ices; 
‘‘(4) describe the agenda of the Commission 
for the next 2-year period for addressing the challenges and opportunities in the commu-nications marketplace that were identified through the assessments under paragraphs (1) through (3); and 
‘‘(5) describe the actions that the Commis-
sion has taken in pursuit of the agenda de-scribed pursuant to paragraph (4) in the pre-vious report submitted under this section. 
‘‘(c) E
XTENSION .—If the President des-
ignates a Commissioner as Chairman of the Commission during the last quarter of an even-numbered year, the portion of the re-port required by subsection (b)(4) may be published on the website of the Commission and submitted to the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representa-tives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate as an addendum during the first quarter of the following odd-numbered year. 
‘‘(d) S
PECIAL REQUIREMENTS .— 
‘‘(1) A SSESSING COMPETITION .—In assessing 
the state of competition under subsection (b)(1), the Commission shall consider all forms of competition, including the effect of intermodal competition, facilities-based competition, and competition from new and emergent communications services, includ-ing the provision of content and communica-tions using the Internet. 
‘‘(2) A
SSESSING DEPLOYMENT .—In assessing 
the state of deployment under subsection (b)(2), the Commission shall compile a list of geographical areas that are not served by any provider of advanced telecommuni-cations capability. 
‘‘(3) I
NTERNATIONAL COMPARISONS AND DE -
MOGRAPHIC INFORMATION .—The Commission 
may use readily available data to draw ap-propriate comparisons between the United States communications marketplace and the international communications marketplace and to correlate its assessments with demo-graphic information. 
‘‘(4) C
ONSIDERING SMALL BUSINESSES .—In 
assessing the state of competition under sub-section (b)(1) and regulatory barriers under subsection (b)(3), the Commission shall con-sider market entry barriers for entre-preneurs and other small businesses in the communications marketplace in accordance with the national policy under section 257(b). 
‘‘(5) C
ONSIDERING CABLE RATES .—In assess-
ing the state of competition under sub-section (b)(1), the Commission shall include in each report required by subsection (a) the aggregate average total amount paid by cable systems in compensation under section 
325 during the period covered by such re-port.’’. 
SEC. 3. CONSOLIDATION OF REDUNDANT RE-
PORTS; CONFORMING AMEND-MENTS. 
(a) ORBIT A CTREPORT .—Section 646 of the 
Communications Satellite Act of 1962 (47 U.S.C. 765e; 114 Stat. 57) is repealed. 
(b) S
ATELLITE COMPETITION REPORT .—Sec-
tion 4 of Public Law 109–34 (47 U.S.C. 703) is repealed. 
(c) I
NTERNATIONAL BROADBAND DATA RE-
PORT .—Section 103 of the Broadband Data 
Improvement Act (47 U.S.C. 1303) is amend-ed— 
(1) by striking subsection (b); and (2) by redesignating subsections (c) 
through (e) as subsections (b) through (d), re-spectively. 
(d) S
TATUS OF COMPETITION IN THE MARKET  
FOR THE DELIVERY OF VIDEO PROGRAMMING  
REPORT .—Section 628 of the Communications 
Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 548) is amended— 
(1) by striking subsection (g); (2) by redesignating subsection (j) as sub-
section (g); and 
(3) by transferring subsection (g) (as redes-
ignated) so that it appears after subsection (f). 
(e) R
EPORT ON CABLE INDUSTRY PRICES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 623 of the Commu-
nications Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 543) is amend-ed— 
(A) by striking subsection (k); and (B) by redesignating subsections (l) 
through (o) as subsections (k) through (n), respectively. 
(2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 
613(a)(3) of the Communications Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 533(a)(3)) is amended by striking ‘‘623(l)’’ and inserting ‘‘623(k)’’. 
(f) T
RIENNIAL REPORT IDENTIFYING AND  
ELIMINATING MARKET ENTRY BARRIERS FOR  
ENTREPRENEURS AND OTHER SMALL BUSI-
NESSES .—Section 257 of the Communications 
Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 257) is amended by striking subsection (c). 
(g) S
ECTION 706 R EPORT .—Section 706 of the 
Telecommunications Act of 1996 (47 U.S.C. 1302) is amended— 
(1) by amending subsection (b) to read as 
follows: 
‘‘(b) D
ETERMINATION .—If the Commission 
determines in its report under section 13 of the Communications Act of 1934, after con-sidering the availability of advanced tele-communications capability to all Americans (including, in particular, elementary and secondary schools and classrooms), that ad-vanced telecommunications capability is not being deployed to all Americans in a reason-able and timely fashion, the Commission shall take immediate action to accelerate deployment of such capability by removing barriers to infrastructure investment and by promoting competition in the telecommuni-cations market.’’; 
(2) by striking subsection (c); (3) in subsection (d), by striking ‘‘this sub-
section’’ and inserting ‘‘this section’’; and 
(4) by redesignating subsection (d) as sub-
section (c). 
(h) S
TATE OF COMPETITIVE MARKET CONDI-
TIONS WITHRESPECT TO COMMERCIAL MOBILE  
RADIO SERVICES .—Section 332(c)(1)(C) of the 
Communications Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 332(c)(1)(C)) is amended by striking the first and second sentences. 
(i) P
REVIOUSLY ELIMINATED ANNUAL RE-
PORT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 4 of the Commu-
nications Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 154) is amend-ed— 
(A) by striking subsection (k); and (B) by redesignating subsections (l) 
through (o) as subsections (k) through (n), respectively. (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—The Com-
munications Act of 1934 is amended— 
(A) in section 9(i), by striking ‘‘In the Com-
mission’s annual report, the Commission shall prepare an analysis of its progress in developing such systems and’’ and inserting ‘‘The Commission’’; and 
(B) in section 309(j)(8)(B), by striking the 
last sentence. 
(j) A
DDITIONAL OUTDATED REPORTS .—The 
Communications Act of 1934 is further amended— 
(1) in section 4— (A) in subsection (b)(2)(B)(ii), by striking 
‘‘and shall furnish notice of such action’’ and all that follows through ‘‘subject of the waiver’’; and 
(B) in subsection (g), by striking paragraph 
(2); 
(2) in section 215— (A) by striking subsection (b); and (B) by redesignating subsection (c) as sub-
section (b); 
(3) in section 227(e), by striking paragraph 
(4); 
(4) in section 309(j)— (A) by striking paragraph (12); and (B) in paragraph (15)(C), by striking clause 
(iv); 
(5) in section 331(b), by striking the last 
sentence; 
(6) in section 336(e), by amending para-
graph (4) to read as follows: 
‘‘(4) R
EPORT .—The Commission shall annu-
ally advise the Congress on the amounts col-lected pursuant to the program required by this subsection.’’; 
(7) in section 339(c), by striking paragraph 
(1); 
(8) in section 396— (A) by striking subsection (i); (B) in subsection (k)— (i) in paragraph (1), by striking subpara-
graph (F); and 
(ii) in paragraph (3)(B)(iii), by striking sub-
clause (V); 
(C) in subsection (l)(1)(B), by striking 
‘‘shall be included’’ and all that follows through ‘‘The audit report’’; and 
(D) by striking subsection (m); (9) in section 398(b)(4), by striking the third 
sentence; 
(10) in section 624A(b)(1)— (A) by striking ‘‘R
EPORT ; REGULATIONS ’’ 
and inserting ‘‘R EGULATIONS ’’; 
(B) by striking ‘‘Within 1 year after’’ and 
all that follows through ‘‘on means of assur-ing’’ and inserting ‘‘The Commission shall issue such regulations as are necessary to as-sure’’; and 
(C) by striking ‘‘Within 180 days after’’ and 
all that follows through ‘‘to assure such compatibility.’’; and 
(11) in section 713, by striking subsection 
(a). 
SEC. 4. EFFECT ON AUTHORITY. 
Nothing in this Act or the amendments 
made by this Act shall be construed to ex-pand or contract the authority of the Fed-eral Communications Commission. 
SEC. 5. OTHER REPORTS. 
Nothing in this Act or the amendments 
made by this Act shall be construed to pro-hibit or otherwise prevent the Federal Com-munications Commission from producing any additional reports otherwise within the authority of the Commission. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Or-egon (Mr. W
ALDEN ) and the gentleman 
from New Jersey (Mr. P ALLONE ) each 
will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Oregon. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:35 Feb 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24FE7.008 H24FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1097 February 24, 2015 
may have 5 legislative days in which to 
revise and extend their remarks and in-sert extraneous materials in the R
ECORD on the bill. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Oregon? 
There was no objection. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, in our multiyear effort 
to update the Communications Act, one of the most common themes we have heard is the convergence of the telecommunications marketplace. No longer are companies just one service over just one medium. Both technology and consumer expectations have com-pletely changed the game. However, the agency tasked with regulating the communications sector still exists in the outdated and siloed structure that reflects decades-old assumptions, even how they evaluate and report on the industry. 
While that fractured approach will be 
a continued focus of our CommActUpdate process, this bill will take an important first step toward modernizing the way we look at this sector and its regulator. This legisla-tion consolidates eight separate re-ports that require the FCC to evaluate the state of competition in various sec-tors and combines those eight reports into just a single biennial report to Congress on the communications mar-ketplace as a whole. 
This bill also takes the important 
step of eliminating outdated reports that only serve to junk up the Commu-nications Act and cause confusion. Re-ports like the ORBIT Act—which I have a copy of here—are aimed at en-suring that satellites that were long ago privatized are procompetitive, an examination that the FCC and the in-dustry recognizes as both outdated, un-necessary, and burdensome. There are still laws on the books that address such outdated technologies as tele-graphs. This is a small but significant step toward cleaning up the act and modernizing the laws and the agency that control this very dynamic mar-ketplace. 
Ensuring that all of the reports on 
the books are both necessary and effec-
tive helps to reduce the burden on the agency. It also helps the regulatory agency make more informed decisions. 
I would like to take a moment to 
thank my colleagues, Representative S
CALISE , Ranking Member E SHOO , and 
the ranking member of the full com-mittee, Mr. P
ALLONE , for their work to 
make this bill a bipartisan success both today and, frankly, in the last two sessions of Congress. I am hopeful that the first bill to pass out of our sub-committee this Congress is an indica-tion of the work that we can get done when we collaborate. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my col-
leagues to vote in favor of this legisla-tion, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support 
of H.R. 734, the FCC Consolidated Re-porting Act of 2015. Congress has charged the Federal Communications Commission with overseeing industries that make up one-sixth of our national economy. The communications and technology sectors are driving eco-nomic growth across the Nation, con-necting businesses to markets large and small and delivering innovative new products and services to con-sumers. 
As part of this critical mission, Con-
gress has tasked the FCC with com-piling reports to provide the public with information about these dynamic markets. Democrats and Republicans agree that the FCC needs to collect good data. Consumers and businesses rely on this information, and we here in Congress need this information, too, in order to make sound policy decisions and conduct effective oversight of the FCC. 
Mr. Speaker, by consolidating cer-
tain reports and eliminating references to other outdated reports, this bill al-lows the FCC to use the agency’s lim-ited resources more wisely and present a more holistic analysis of the commu-nications marketplace. At the same time, we have worked together to en-sure this effort to promote efficiency does not undermine important existing FCC obligations and authorities. We were able to come to agreement in the Energy and Commerce Committee on language that preserves the FCC’s duty to provide transparency to consumers about their cable bills and does not alter the FCC’s authority over broadband under section 706. 
Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Com-
munications and Technology Sub-committee Ranking Member E
SHOO for 
her leadership on these issues and Chairman U
PTON , Chairman W ALDEN , 
and Representative S CALISE for work-
ing with Democrats to address their concerns during the committee’s con-sideration of the bill. 
In short, this bill is an example of 
the progress we can make when we en-gage in a truly bipartisan process. The consideration of H.R. 734 should be a model for legislative efforts in our committee and the entire House. Work-ing together through regular order, we crafted legislation that addressed con-cerns from both sides of the aisle, and I look forward to continuing to work with our Republican and Democratic colleagues in the Senate to help this bill become law. 
I reserve the balance of my time, Mr. 
Speaker. 
Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I now 
yield such time as he may consume to the distinguished gentleman from Lou-isiana (Mr. S
CALISE ), our majority 
whip, and a terrific member of our sub-committee. 
Mr. SCALISE. Mr. Speaker, I want to 
thank the chairman of the sub-committee, Mr. W
ALDEN , for his leader-
ship in bringing this forward and the ranking member, Mr. P
ALLONE , as well as Ms. E SHOO , the ranking member of 
the subcommittee, who has been work-ing very closely I know with myself and others to bring a good, bipartisan bill that actually gets rid of outdated regulations and reports. 
This FCC Consolidated Reporting Act 
actually reduces the workload that the FCC has placed for years and years that has been outdated. If you look at some of the reports that have been re-quired for years that they are supposed to go and consolidate and accumulate, they have reports on competitiveness within the telegraph. Clearly, Mr. Speaker, it is long past time that we update these laws and get the FCC re-form in place that will finally bring some consolidation so that industry can look at a full picture instead of a bunch of different silos and reports that are so outdated, like the tele-graph, that they are not even being done, yet these laws are still on the books. 
This is an important reform, and it is 
a good bipartisan reform that shows that Congress can work to get these kinds of things done to actually make things simpler in the real world and make an agency like the FCC more ef-ficient in their operations. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge passage of this 
bill. 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I would 
urge support of this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I join my 
friend and colleague from New Jersey and ask our colleagues to support pas-sage of this legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
Ms. ESHOO. Mr. Speaker, this legislation, 
the FCC Consolidated Reporting Act of 2015 (H.R. 734) is a reflection of what our Sub-committee can accomplish when we work to-gether in a bipartisan manner. 
Earlier this month, Chairman W
ALDEN , Rep. 
SCALISE and I introduced H.R. 734 as a way 
to streamline Congressionally-mandated re-porting requirements under a single, industry- wide report. I’ve consistently supported this goal because it frees the FCC to focus on its ultimate mission: to protect the public interest and promote competition. These reports and the data collected serve a critical role in sup-porting the FCC’s decision-making and our work as policymakers on issues like 
broadband deployment and adoption, cable pricing and assessing the state of competition. 
As part of the Committee’s markup of H.R. 
734, two important clarifications were made. First, in our effort to consolidate reporting re-quirements, the legislation clarifies that the FCC’s ‘706’ Report does not in any way im-pact or alter the explicit grant of broadband authority that the court affirmed in the Verizon case last year. 
Second, the legislation preserves the FCC’s 
obligation to examine how retransmission con-sent fees impact a consumer’s monthly bill. 
For all these reasons, I support and urge 
my colleagues to pass H.R. 734. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is will the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 734. 
The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the 
opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:35 Feb 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24FE7.021 H24FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1098 February 24, 2015 
Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, on that I 
demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this question will be post-poned. 
f 
STEM EDUCATION ACT OF 2015 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1020) to define STEM edu-cation to include computer science, and to support existing STEM edu-cation programs at the National Science Foundation. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1020 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘STEM Edu-
cation Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITION OF STEM EDUCATION. 
For purposes of carrying out STEM edu-
cation activities at the National Science Foundation, the Department of Energy, the National Aeronautics and Space Administra-tion, the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, the National Institute of Standards and Technology, and the Environ-mental Protection Agency, the term ‘‘STEM education’’ means education in the subjects of science, technology, engineering, and mathematics, including computer science. 
SEC. 3. INFORMAL STEM EDUCATION. 
(a) G RANTS .—The Director of the National 
Science Foundation, through the Directorate for Education and Human Resources, shall continue to award competitive, merit-re-viewed grants to support— 
(1) research and development of innovative 
out-of-school STEM learning and emerging STEM learning environments in order to im-prove STEM learning outcomes and engage-ment in STEM; and 
(2) research that advances the field of in-
formal STEM education. 
(b) U
SES OF FUNDS .—Activities supported 
by grants under this section may encompass a single STEM discipline, multiple STEM disciplines, or integrative STEM initiatives and shall include— 
(1) research and development that im-
proves our understanding of learning and en-gagement in informal environments, includ-ing the role of informal environments in broadening participation in STEM; and 
(2) design and testing of innovative STEM 
learning models, programs, and other re-sources for informal learning environments to improve STEM learning outcomes and in-crease engagement for K–12 students, K–12 teachers, and the general public, including design and testing of the scalability of mod-els, programs, and other resources. 
SEC. 4. NOYCE SCHOLARSHIP PROGRAM AMEND-
MENTS. 
(a) A MENDMENTS .—Section 10A of the Na-
tional Science Foundation Authorization Act of 2002 (42 U.S.C. 1862n–1a) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)(2)(B), by inserting ‘‘or 
bachelor’s’’ after ‘‘master’s’’; 
(2) in subsection (c)— (A) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of para-
graph (2)(B); 
(B) in paragraph (3)— (i) by inserting ‘‘for teachers with master’s 
degrees in their field’’ after ‘‘Teaching Fel-lowships’’; and 
(ii) by striking the period at the end of 
subparagraph (B) and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following new 
paragraph: 
‘‘(4) in the case of National Science Foun-
dation Master Teaching Fellowships for teachers with bachelor’s degrees in their field and working toward a master’s degree— 
‘‘(A) offering academic courses leading to a 
master’s degree and leadership training to prepare individuals to become master teach-ers in elementary and secondary schools; and 
‘‘(B) offering programs both during and 
after matriculation in the program for which the fellowship is received to enable fellows to become highly effective mathematics and science teachers, including mentoring, train-ing, induction, and professional development activities, to fulfill the service requirements of this section, including the requirements of subsection (e), and to exchange ideas with others in their fields.’’; 
(3) in subsection (e), by striking ‘‘sub-
section (g)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (h)’’; 
(4) by redesignating subsections (g) 
through (i) as subsections (h) through (j), re-spectively; and 
(5) by inserting after subsection (f) the fol-
lowing new subsection: 
‘‘(g) S
UPPORT FOR MASTER TEACHING FEL-
LOWS WHILE ENROLLED IN A MASTER ’SDEGREE  
PROGRAM .—A National Science Foundation 
Master Teacher Fellow may receive a max-imum of 1 year of fellowship support while enrolled in a master’s degree program as de-scribed in subsection (c)(4)(A), except that if such fellow is enrolled in a part-time pro-gram, such amount shall be prorated accord-ing to the length of the program.’’. 
(b) D
EFINITION .—Section 10(i)(5) of the Na-
tional Science Foundation Authorization Act of 2002 (42 U.S.C. 1862n–1(i)(5)) is amended by inserting ‘‘computer science,’’ after ‘‘means a science,’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. S
MITH) and the gentle-
woman from Connecticut (Ms. E STY) 
each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Texas. 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, 
the STEM Education Act of 2015 is bi-partisan legislation that includes com-puter science in the definition of STEM education for programs and activities at our Federal science agencies. The bill also supports and strengthens on-going STEM education efforts at the National Science Foundation. Similar legislation passed the House last year by voice vote. 
I thank Representative E
LIZABETH  
ESTY for cosponsoring the bill again 
this year. I also thank our new Re-search and Technology Subcommittee Chairwoman B
ARBARA COMSTOCK , Sub-
committee Ranking Member D AN 
LIPINSKI , Subcommittee Vice Chair 
JOHNMOOLENAAR , and Representatives RANDY HULTGREN , L ARRY BUCSHON , 
CHRIS COLLINS , DAVID MCKINLEY , and 
JAIME HERRERA BEUTLER for their sup-
port. 
Last Congress the Science, Space, 
and Technology Committee held sev-eral hearings on STEM education. Each hearing highlighted the importance of STEM education to keep America on the cutting edge of new products and ideas. Our hearings discussed the mer-its of ensuring computer science is in-cluded as a component of the science, technology, engineering, and mathe-matics that make up STEM education. Today a variety of jobs in industries from banking to engineering to medi-cine require familiarity with computer science. 
b1630 
According to the Bureau of Labor 
Statistics, computing and mathematics will be one of the top 10 fastest growing major occupational groups from 2010 to 2020, with a growth rate of 4 percent annually compared to 1 percent for all other industries. 
Unfortunately, America lags behind 
many other nations when it comes to STEM education. American students rank 21st in science and 26th in math. That must change for the better. 
We need to ensure that our Nation’s 
youth have the scientific and mathe-matical skills to strive and thrive in a technology-based economy, but we have to capture and hold the desire of young adults to study STEM subjects so they will want to pursue these ca-reers. 
H.R. 1020 includes language suggested 
by Mr. L
IPINSKI to support informal 
STEM education programs and activi-ties at the National Science Founda-tion. These activities reach students outside of the classroom and strength-en a student’s engagement in STEM subject areas. 
The STEM Education Act also en-
sures that teachers working towards a master’s degree program in STEM sub-jects can participate in the Robert Noyce Master Teacher Fellowship pro-gram. I thank Ms. E
STYfor this good 
addition to the bill. 
This program provides opportunities 
for teachers who want to bolster their teaching skills. Through the Master Teaching fellowships, individuals re-ceive training in order to become high-ly effective mathematics and science teachers. With this bill, the program now will encourage more teachers to pursue advanced degrees. 
A healthy and viable STEM work-
force literate in all STEM subjects, in-cluding computer science, is critical to American industries. A well-educated and trained STEM workforce ensures our future economic prosperity. More graduates with STEM degrees means more advanced technologies and a more robust economy. 
Support for this bill from organiza-
tions like the STEM Education Coali-tion, STEM4US!, and Code.org illus-trate the importance of aligning our 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:44 Feb 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24FE7.022 H24FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1099 February 24, 2015 
Federal STEM programs with work-
force needs. We must work to ensure that students continue to go into these fields so that their innovative ideas can lead to a more innovative and pros-perous America. 
I encourage my colleagues to support 
this bill. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Ms. ESTY. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
I want to begin by thanking my 
friend, Chairman S
MITH, for his leader-
ship on the Science Committee, par-ticularly on STEM education. 
For the second Congress in a row, we 
are considering the STEM Education Act on the House floor. I am grateful that we are advancing these important efforts in a bipartisan fashion, thanks in large part to the chairman’s willing-ness to work across the aisle. 
I would also like to thank and recog-
nize the work of Representative L
IPIN-
SKIfor his diligent work on this and 
many other bills and my good friend E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON for her 
thoughtful leadership on STEM edu-cation and on all issues facing the Science Committee. 
The STEM Education Act of 2015 sup-
ports teachers who are preparing stu-dents to be the engineers, manufactur-ers, and scientists of tomorrow. We all know that students, particularly ele-mentary school students, learn best when they are engaged and interested. 
However, any parent knows that it 
can be difficult to spark a student’s passion for STEM subjects without in-novative and creative learning environ-ments. With more and more jobs of the 21st century requiring STEM skills, we need to better prepare our children for these good-paying jobs. 
As a mother of three, I remember 
when my children had incredible teach-ers who made science and math acces-sible and fun. We should do all we can to support innovative, passionate teachers for every child in every school. 
This bill today includes sections of 
my STEM Jobs Act, a bill expanding the Robert Noyce Master Teaching Fel-lowship program at the National Science Foundation. Currently, Master Teaching fellowships provide men-toring, training, and financial support to STEM professionals who want to enter the teaching profession. 
In Connecticut, we have two Robert 
Noyce Teacher Scholarship programs. UConn’s Teachers for Tomorrow pro-gram prepares teachers throughout the State to teach math, biology, physics, and chemistry to students of all ages. At the University of Bridgeport, the Master Teacher Fellowship program places master physics teachers in high- need high schools in southwestern Con-necticut. 
Our bill today expands the Master 
Teaching Fellowship so that those who are working towards a master’s degree, not just those who already have a mas-ter’s degree, are also eligible to apply— supporting more passionate teachers 
and, in doing so, allowing more stu-dents to benefit from excellent STEM instructors. 
Our bill also promotes learning out-
side of the classroom. In Connecticut, we have the wonderful Connecticut Science Center, with incredibly cre-ative exhibits like one called ‘‘Grossology,’’ where children can ex-plore how to keep their bodies healthy by crawling through an enormous di-gestive system and experiencing a ‘‘larger than life sneeze,’’ perfect for inspiring our Nation’s future doctors and biomedical researchers. 
In addition to educating and inspir-
ing our children, science centers, plan-etariums, and aquariums across the country also provide invaluable teach-er training. Last year alone, the Con-necticut Science Center trained nearly 1,200 teachers who then went on to teach and inspire tens of thousands of their students. 
The bill today directs the National 
Science Foundation to continue to award competitive grants for out-of- school STEM learning experiences for both students and teachers. 
Finally, our bill takes the important 
step of expanding the definition of STEM for Federal programs and grants to include computer science. 
As a member of the Science Com-
mittee and Representative L
IPINSKI ’s 
STEM Education Caucus, I have been a strong advocate for increasing literacy in computer science. This winter, I joined students from across the State and more than 100 million worldwide to participate in an hour of code. We learned basic computer programming skills and discovered it is a lot of fun. 
I also helped create the Congres-
sional App Challenge and hosted this competition in my district where stu-dents created and built apps for their smartphones. The entries submitted by these high school students were incred-ibly innovative and useful, techno-logically advanced, as well as terrific examples of the problem solving we need all of our students to learn. 
The winning apps included an app to 
keep teachers informed during a school emergency, a program to help students know if they are going to be able to catch their bus on time, an app I know that my children would have benefited from greatly on those cold Connecticut winter mornings—like this morning— and an app to help high school fresh-men learn their way around a big new school. 
The STEM app competition helps 
students experience for themselves how important and fun computer science can be; but, for example, in Con-necticut, where only 65 schools across the State have dedicated computer science programs, it is critical that we continue to expand access to computer science education for all students. 
Mr. Speaker, I am proud that we are 
rising above partisan politics to ad-vance the bipartisan STEM Education Act of 2015. This bill demonstrates that we can come together to help our chil-
dren, to help them thrive, and to help ensure that they will be competitive in the 21st century global economy. 
I want, again, to thank Chairman 
S
MITH and Representative L IPINSKI for 
their leadership and the committee staff for their hard work on the STEM Education Act. 
I would also like to thank my friend, 
Ranking Member J
OHNSON , a dedicated 
STEM champion, who is leading all of us on the Science Committee to truly recognize the importance of a robust and multidisciplinary STEM education and inspire us to do more across the board to support STEM. 
I look forward to working with Rank-
ing Member J
OHNSON and the rest of 
the committee to further advance our priorities in Congress. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
reserve the balance of my time. 
Ms. ESTY. Mr. Speaker, I yield as 
much time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. E
DDIE 
BERNICE JOHNSON ), my friend, the rank-
ing member of the Science Committee. 
Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of 
Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 1020—although, reluctantly, I must qualify my support. I will begin with the parts of the bill that I strong-ly support. 
I want to thank Ms. E
STYfor her lan-
guage to amend NSF’s Noyce Master Teacher Fellowship program. This is an important update to the program to ensure that we are tapping into our en-tire pool of talented math and science teachers who might serve as master teachers in their schools and districts. 
I also want to thank Mr. L
IPINSKI for 
his language to authorize the National Science Foundation’s informal STEM education portfolio. While we know that informal STEM education learn-ing holds great promise to increase en-gagement in STEM by diverse popu-lations and to enhance learning of STEM content, there is still more R&D to be done to make sure we are devel-oping and implementing the most ef-fective programs. 
My support for those sections of this 
bill is unqualified. However, I must ex-press my concern about the definition for STEM included in this legislation which differs in a significant way from the definition of STEM that Chairman S
MITH proposed in last year’s version of 
this same bill. 
Specifically, the current version 
would define STEM as ‘‘science, tech-nology, engineering, and mathematics, including computer science.’’ Last year’s version, developed in collabora-tion with the STEM Education Coali-tion, read as ‘‘science, technology, en-gineering, and mathematics, including other academic subjects that build on these disciplines such as computer science.’’ 
This second definition, the one this 
entire House agreed to last year, was agreed to because it left the door open 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:44 Feb 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24FE7.024 H24FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1100 February 24, 2015 
for other critical fields such as statis-
tics and geology that don’t cleanly fit into S, T, E, or M of STEM in K–12 teacher certifications and curricula. 
I think we can all agree to the impor-
tance of computer science education. The current disconnect between the high demand for information tech-nology jobs and limited opportunities for students to be exposed to computer science at the K–12 level puts American students and American companies at a significant disadvantage. 
However, it baffles me as to why we 
would implicitly devalue such fields as statistics and geology in order to high-light computer science. 
Statistics is an essential tool across 
all fields of science. Without good sta-tistics, the biomedical research results that we count on to develop new diagnostics and therapeutics for dis-eases would be meaningless. 
Without geology, oil and gas compa-
nies would not be able to locate and drill for new sources of energy. With-out geology, we will never achieve early warning for earthquakes to save lives. Whether we are from Texas or California, we ought to place high value on geology. 
I am also baffled why this bill is so 
urgent that we had to skip regular order to bring it to the floor. I re-quested that the committee hold a hearing or a markup on this legislation so that we might settle the definition dispute in committee after an open and public debate, but my request was de-nied. 
Mr. Speaker, I will support this bill 
today, but I hope that the Senate will be wiser than we are being today in de-fining STEM. This is not simply se-mantics. How and what science is taught in our Nation’s classrooms is essential to our future economic com-petitiveness, national security, and overall well-being. 
Ms. ESTY. Mr. Speaker, I yield back 
the balance of my time. 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield back the balance of my time. 
b1645 
PARLIAMENTARY INQUIRY  
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, 
parliamentary inquiry. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman will state his parliamentary in-quiry. 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Is it too late for 
me to yield time to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. M
OOLENAAR ), who I 
had mentioned a while ago was on the way to the House floor to speak on this particular bill? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Does the 
gentleman from Texas ask unanimous consent to reclaim his time? 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
ask unanimous consent to reclaim my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. M
OOLENAAR ), who is a 
member of the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology and is also vice chair of the Subcommittee on Research and Technology. 
Mr. MOOLENAAR. Mr. Speaker, I 
thank the chairman for yielding. 
Science, technology, engineering, 
and mathematics education is nec-essary to prepare today’s students for future job opportunities. H.R. 1020 will add computer science under the defini-tion of STEM programs while providing STEM grants for the research of new, informal, out-of-school methods for teaching STEM subjects. 
Whether it is a hands-on museum, a 
science competition, or an internship as a lab assistant, finding the best ways to teach these critical subjects outside of the classroom will help stu-dents who might not learn these sub-jects in a traditional setting. 
As our Nation’s employers look to 
fill good-paying jobs, STEM education has applications across the board, in-cluding skilled trades in construction, manufacturing, and welding. Every student who learns these skills will have the solid academic background to secure employment in a career field. 
This important legislation will ben-
efit bright young minds outside of the classroom and help our country remain the world leader in research and inno-vation. 
I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes.’’ Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield back the balance of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. S
MITH) 
that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1020. 
The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the 
opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, on 
that I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
RECESS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until ap-proximately 6:30 p.m. today. 
Accordingly (at 4 o’clock and 47 min-
utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1830 
AFTER RECESS 
The recess having expired, the House 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. W
OMACK ) at 6 o’clock and 
30 minutes p.m. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, proceedings will resume on motions to suspend the 
rules previously postponed. 
Votes will be taken in the following 
order: 
H.R. 212, by the yeas and nays; H.R. 734, by the yeas and nays. The first electronic vote will be con-
ducted as a 15-minute vote. The second electronic vote will be conducted as a 5-minute vote. 
f 
DRINKING WATER PROTECTION 
ACT 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-
finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 212) to amend the Safe Drink-ing Water Act to provide for the assess-ment and management of the risk of cyanotoxins in drinking water, and for other purposes, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. L
ATTA ) 
that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 375, nays 37, not voting 20, as follows: 
[Roll No. 84] 
YEAS—375 
Abraham 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) 
Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Duffy Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fincher 
Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Goodlatte Graham Granger Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Guinta Guthrie Hahn Hanna Hardy Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Higgins Hill Himes Honda Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:44 Feb 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24FE7.025 H24FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1101 February 24, 2015 
Johnson (GA) 
Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster LaMalfa Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted 
Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Loudermilk Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore 
Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters 
Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Richmond Rigell Roby Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schock Schrader 
Scott (VA) Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (PA) Thornberry 
Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Yarmuth Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—37 
Amash 
Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Buck Collins (GA) Duncan (SC) Emmer (MN) Franks (AZ) Gohmert Gosar Gowdy Graves (GA) Grothman 
Hice, Jody B. Holding Huelskamp Hunter Jones Labrador Lamborn Love Lummis Massie Palmer Posey Ratcliffe 
Rice (SC) Russell Sanford Schweikert Scott, Austin Weber (TX) Westmoreland Woodall Yoder Yoho 
NOT VOTING—20 
Bost 
Buchanan Byrne Davis, Danny DeFazio Fleming Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Harper Hinojosa Johnson, Sam Kelly (IL) Lee Long McNerney 
Rice (NY) Roe (TN) Rush Speier Thompson (MS) b1857 
Messrs. EMMER of Minnesota, 
WEBER of Texas, LAMBORN, AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia, GOWDY, GROTHMAN, Mrs. LUMMIS, and Mr. POSEY changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ 
Messrs. RIBBLE and THORNBERRY 
changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ 
So (two-thirds being in the affirma-
tive) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
The title of the bill was amended so 
as to read: ‘‘A bill to amend the Safe Drinking Water Act to provide for the assessment and management of the risk of algal toxins in drinking water, and for other purposes.’’. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
FEDERAL COMMUNICATIONS COM-
MISSION CONSOLIDATED RE-PORTING ACT OF 2015 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-
finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 734) to amend the Commu-nications Act of 1934 to consolidate the reporting obligations of the Federal Communications Commission in order to improve congressional oversight and reduce reporting burdens, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. W
AL-
DEN) that the House suspend the rules 
and pass the bill. 
This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 411, nays 0, not voting 21, as follows: 
[Roll No. 85] 
YEAS—411 
Abraham 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) 
Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) 
Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hahn Hanna 
Hardy Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick 
Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng 
Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) 
Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schock Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster 
Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:44 Feb 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24FE7.006 H24FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1102 February 24, 2015 
Webster (FL) 
Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) 
Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho 
Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—21 
Bost 
Buchanan Byrne Davis, Danny DeFazio Fleming Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Harper Hinojosa Johnson, Sam Kelly (IL) Lee Long McNerney 
Peters Rice (NY) Roe (TN) Rush Speier Thompson (MS) 
b1906 
Mr. BUCK changed his vote from 
‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ 
So (two-thirds being in the affirma-
tive) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-
VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 529, SECTION 529 COLLEGE SAVINGS PLANS AMENDMENTS; PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 5, STUDENT SUCCESS ACT; AND FOR OTHER PURPOSES 
Mr. WOODALL, from the Committee 
on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 114–28) on the resolution (H. Res. 121) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 529) to amend the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 to improve 529 plans; providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 5) to support State and local accountability for public edu-cation, protect State and local author-ity, inform parents of the performance of their children’s schools, and for other purposes; and for other purposes, which was referred to the House Cal-endar and ordered to be printed. 
f 
CONGRATULATING PENN STATE 
THON PARTICIPANTS 
(Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania 
asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
Mr. Speaker, over the weekend, Penn State University held its annual IFC/ Panhellenic Dance Marathon, more commonly known as THON, at the Bryce Jordan Center on campus. 
THON, which is the largest student- 
run philanthropy in the world, is a yearlong effort to raise funds and awareness for the fight against pedi-atric cancer. 
Since 1977, THON has raised more 
than $127 million for the Four Dia-monds Fund based out of Penn State Hershey Medical Center. With the sup-port of students all across the Com-monwealth of Pennsylvania and sup-porters around the world, this year’s event raised over $13 million. 
Mr. Speaker, as a graduate of Penn 
State University, I could not be more proud of these students and future fel-low alumni. I congratulate them on yet 
another spectacular year. 
f 
NATIONAL ENGINEERS WEEK 
(Mr. TONKO asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 
minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, this being 
National Engineers Week, I rise to rec-ognize the importance of STEM edu-cation and training for our future engi-neers. 
It has been projected that our Nation 
will need almost 2 million engineers by 2018, and that some fields in engineer-ing will experience a 30 to 70 percent growth during that timeframe. 
Despite these critical workforce 
needs, a vast majority of schools do not offer K through 12 education that cre-ates clear pathways into careers in en-gineering and STEM-related feeds. 
This week, I visited Tech Valley High 
School in Albany, New York, in the 20th District, to highlight this need and celebrate the good work being done in my congressional district to close the skills gap we see in this very vital discipline. 
The nations that lead the global 
economy of the future will be those that invest in the education of their next generation—particularly in engi-neering. I urge my colleagues to recog-nize this need and to work in their own communities to bolster engineering education nationwide and allow our Nation to become the kingpin of the fu-ture international economy. Let’s grow and cultivate those engineers. 
f 
FIREFIGHTERS, A SPECIAL 
BREED—CAPTAIN DWIGHT BAZILE 
(Mr. POE of Texas asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, he 
was only 37 years of age—a father, hus-band, community leader. He was Hous-ton’s Fire Captain Dwight Bazile. 
Captain Bazile, known as B.B. to his 
fellow firefighters, was helping to put out a fire at a duplex when he suffered cardiac arrest. He collapsed in the street and was rushed to the hospital, where he died. He was doing his job. He was saving others when his life was taken. B.B. was described as having a gentle and caring personality. 
Mr. Speaker, firefighters are a spe-
cial breed. They run into the flames that everyone else is trying to escape from. They work to restore order from chaos. That is why we call them first responders—because they are the first to help the people. 
Firefighters are a courageous and te-
nacious breed. They are uniquely American. 
Mr. Speaker, it has been said that all 
people are created equal, but few be-come firefighters. Captain Bazile was one of those people. 
We remember Captain Bazile and 
pray for his family. He was one of Houston’s finest. He died on duty—the 
duty of protecting and serving the peo-ple of Houston, Texas. He was quite a man, Mr. Speaker. 
And that is just the way it is. 
f 
b1915 
FULLY FUND THE DEPARTMENT 
OF HOMELAND SECURITY 
(Mr. CASTRO of Texas asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. CASTRO of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today as part of the growing cho-rus of Americans calling for Repub-licans to stop playing politics with the safety of the American people and to fully fund the Department of Homeland Security. 
A small group of elected officials are 
holding our national security hostage and compromising the government’s ability to guard our borders, patrol our waters, and protect our airports. 
Not only would this bad strategy 
force more than 40,000 Border Patrol agents and Customs and Border Protec-tion officers out of work, but also 40,000 Active-Duty Coast Guard military members and more than 50,000 TSA aviation security screeners, it would cause all of these folks either to be out of work or to work without pay indefi-nitely. 
In my home State of Texas, there are 
more than 24,000 Homeland Security employees who could face similar im-pacts. 
If Republicans want to prove that 
they can lead Congress, they shouldn’t manufacture a bogus crisis. They should fund the agency responsible for protecting our Nation at once. 
The American people deserve better 
than these unnecessary political games. 
f 
BROTHERS TO THE RESCUE 
(Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, 
today, we commemorate the murder by the Cuban regime of three U.S. citizens and one U.S. resident: Carlos Costa, Armando Alejandre, Mario de la Pena, and Pablo Morales. 
Nineteen years ago today, the Castro 
brothers ordered the shoot-down of the civilian Brothers to the Rescue plane and blew them out of the sky over international air space during an un-armed, humanitarian mission. 
These volunteers were devoted to 
searching the Straits of Florida to aid those who risked their lives on rafts to flee the oppressive yoke of the Castro regime that continues to rule over the island. 
It is shameful that this same regime 
that is responsible for killing these in-nocent heroes is now sitting across the table from U.S. Government officials 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:44 Feb 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24FE7.007 H24FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1103 February 24, 2015 
and will be hosted by our own Depart-
ment of State later this week—not a proud week for strong American val-ues, Mr. Speaker. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF CAPTAIN 
B.B. BRAZILE 
(Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise to salute a gentle giant by the name of Captain Brazile, a hero, a man who died in the line of fire, and a man who many of us got to know and love. 
He started in the Houston Fire De-
partment at the age of 19, and he was called Baby Boy. That ultimately be-came B.B. Everyone who came in the distance of his heart and mind said that Captain Brazile was a mentor who taught men and women who were in-coming firefighters. 
This past weekend, I flew into Hous-
ton and was able to go to his bedside on Saturday, to be able to see his family and his wonderful son, who he loves with deep and abiding love, and a wife who loved him without question. All of his fire brothers and sisters were all around. They had the opportunity to pray. 
Then, unfortunately, he lost his life. 
He died in the line of duty, and on Sat-urday night into early morning on Sunday, I joined a throng of fire-fighters to proceed in the procession to take his body from the Memorial Her-mann Medical Center to the medical examiners. 
Mr. Speaker, let me simply say, as 
we rode through those streets, through the neighborhoods that he fought for and fought fires, saved lives, and passed Fire Station 46 and all of his brothers and sisters, I felt a sense that his spirit had lifted up and that we had honored him by his travel and journey, that we will continue to honor him— Baby Boy, B.B., father, husband, great leader, hero, captain, firefighter—who died in the line of duty. 
f 
PROTECT AND EXPAND COLLEGE 
SAVINGS PLANS 
(Mr. PAULSEN asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, it is a 
question that families all across the country are asking themselves: How can we afford to send our children to college? 
The President’s plan to tax 529 col-
lege savings plans would have punished people who are saving for their chil-dren’s higher education. Instead of punishing families who are diligently saving for their children’s education, we should reward them, we should give them more certainty, and we should strengthen and improve these plans. 
529 college savings plans are a very 
valuable asset for millions of families who put aside money to help ensure 
that their children or their child will not be burdened with mountains of debt after they graduate from college. 
This week, I will be supporting legis-
lation taken up in the House that will strengthen, that will expand, and that will modernize 529 college savings ac-counts so that more families have the opportunity to send their children to the higher education institution of their choice. 
f 
HONORING THE SERVICE OF 
SERGEANT MICHAEL STRANK 
(Mr. ROTHFUS asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Speaker, 70 years 
ago yesterday, American Armed Forces fought their way to the summit of Mount Suribachi and raised the Amer-ican flag on Iwo Jima. 
Sergeant Michael Strank, from 
Franklin Borough, Pennsylvania, was one of six men in this iconic photo who helped to raise the flag. Sergeant Strank was part of the Greatest Gen-eration, a generation that rolled back a dark totalitarian tide that broke upon the world in the first half of the 20th century. 
The battle for Iwo Jima was hard- 
fought and is of great significance for the United States Marine Corps. More than 6,800 servicemen died in the bat-tle, including Sergeant Strank, who was killed just 5 days after the flag was raised. 
This unforgettable photo captured 
the unfailing heroism and determina-tion of those who fought. It reminds us that freedom is not free, that it has been hard-won, and that some—like Michael Strank—have made the ulti-mate sacrifice to protect it. 
I had the privilege to meet members 
of Sergeant Strank’s family this week-end, including his sister Mrs. Mary Pero. 
Let us always thank our veterans 
who served and their families who gave us such heroes. 
f 
HONORING WORLD WAR II ICON 
PRIVATE FIRST CLASS FRANK-LIN R. SOUSLEY 
(Mr. BARR asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. BARR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to recognize a World War II icon, U.S. Marine Private First Class Franklin R. Sousley, of Fleming County, Kentucky. 
A graduate of Fleming County High 
School, Sousley chose to enlist in the Marine Corps where he was assigned to Company E, 2nd Battalion, as a rifle-man. 
Private First Class Sousley landed on 
Iwo Jima on February 19, 1945. During the intense fighting, American forces secured Mount Suribachi. Shortly thereafter, Sousley, alongside five other fellow servicemembers, raised a 
large U.S. flag, so it could be seen over the island. 
An iconic photograph taken during 
this raising of the U.S. flag led to an immortalized symbol of the American bravery, perseverance, and sacrifice en-dured by members of the U.S. Armed Forces during the intense battles of World War II. 
Sadly, soon after this photograph 
was taken, Sousley was killed in com-bat by a Japanese sniper. His remains were laid to rest in the Elizaville Cem-etery in Fleming County, Kentucky, in my district. 
Private First Class Sousley paid the 
ultimate sacrifice defending freedom for generations; however, his memory lives on in the timeless photograph in the image depicted in the Iwo Jima Memorial outside of Washington, D.C., and through the gratitude of all Ameri-cans. 
f 
MIDDLE CLASS ECONOMICS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
ZELDIN ). Under the Speaker’s an-
nounced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from California (Mr. G
ARAMENDI ) is recognized for 60 min-
utes as the designee of the minority leader. 
Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, 
about a month and a half ago, we heard the President speak to us about the economy, about his goals for America. He labeled his speech ‘‘middle class ec-
onomics,’’ and tonight, I want to pick this issue up once again. 
We are here most every week dis-
cussing this issue, although last time we were up here, we took up another important issue, Alzheimer’s. But I want to come back to middle class eco-nomics, why it is important. Well, basi-cally, it is important because it drives our economy. 
The great majority of Americans 
want to be in the middle class, and most of them are. Unfortunately, we have seen the decline of the middle class, their ability to own a home, a car, to provide for their family—but if the middle class is healthy, it will drive our economy, and it will create jobs, so the focus on the middle class becomes very, very important. 
We can do this by strengthening 
their wages. If they are able to earn more money, then they will buy the home, the car, and the economy will grow, and other people will be able to enjoy the fruits of our economy. 
I am going to focus on infrastructure 
in a moment, but I just want to skip that over and go down to the other things. 
Health care—who among us doesn’t 
want to have a good health care pro-gram, so that if we get sick or injured, we will be able to get to a doctor, get to a hospital, get the care we need to get back on our feet, and to once again be productive or, in our old age, be able to enjoy our retirement? 
So the affordable health care be-
comes really important, and here, we 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:44 Feb 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24FE7.033 H24FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1104 February 24, 2015 
have the Affordable Health Care Act as 
part of that. 
Finally, we need to develop policies 
to grow the middle class, and one such policy is infrastructure, which is the focus of tonight’s discussion. I want to just stay with this infrastructure issue for a few moments, and then I am going to invite my colleague from Min-nesota, R
ICKNOLAN , to join us here. 
Let me talk about this also. The 
other theme, in addition to the middle class economics, is the Make It In America theme that we have been talk-ing about for 4 years now. Trade, taxes, energy, labor, education, research, and infrastructure, these are the elements that we fold into our Make It In Amer-ica agenda. 
We talk about trade. There is going 
to be a lot of discussion about that here in Congress over the next several months as the Trans-Pacific Partner-ship comes up. Taxes, which we will pick up with the infrastructure issue in a few moments—energy is also part of the infrastructure issue. 
Anyway, Make It In America means 
bringing the jobs back home, employ-ing Americans, doing the things that we need to do in this country, whether it is the health care sector; the infra-structure; building the roads, the bridges, and the like; or education. That is the Make It In America agenda, and it is part of the middle class eco-nomics. In fact, it is the key to it. 
Why is infrastructure important? 
Well, there are certain things like this, a collapsed bridge. This is on Interstate 5 in the State of Washington. This is a bridge near the Canadian border. About 3 years ago, it went into the river, col-lapsed—one of about 163,000 deficient bridges here in the United States. 
So, yep, we have got a problem. Are 
we going to be able to address this problem? Well, we had better. 
Actually, it is 156,000. I was a little 
bit overanxious there. 
The American Society of Civil Engi-
neers, who build these things, have graded the American infrastructure, and I just want to go through it: avia-tion, our airports, which I believe the Vice President, in referring to LaGuardia, said even the developing countries have a better airport than LaGuardia in New York City, aviation, a D; bridges, C-plus—as I said, 156,000 deficient; dams, D; running water, D; energy, D-plus; hazardous waste, D; in-land waterways, D; levees, to protect us from floods, D; our ports, a C; public parks and recreation, C; our railroads, C-plus—whoa, a C-plus; our highways, a D; our schools, that is where our kids are, a D; solid waste, we are doing pret-ty well, that is a B; our transit sys-tems, D; wastewater, a D. 
Incidentally, in California, we are in 
the midst of a major drought, and it is perfectly clear that the wastewater systems are inadequate. If we were to also fund the recycling programs which could be connected to the wastewater, we could, in southern California, over the next half decade, create a million acre feet of new water as we recycle 
the water from the fifth biggest river on the west coast of the Western Hemi-sphere, the sanitation plants in south-ern California. 
b1930 
So we have got some work out ahead 
of us. 
Let me bring this home before I in-
vite my colleague from the great State of Minnesota to join us on this issue. 
Earlier today, I was reading an arti-
cle in The Sacramento Bee about the transportation systems in Sacramento. Let me just share some of these thoughts with you. 
In Sacramento, the average com-
muter spends 32 hours each year stuck in traffic. This amounts to $669 of lost productivity. That is literally wages that could have been earned if they weren’t stuck in traffic. For all of the commuters in the Sacramento area, which I represent, that is $834 million of commuting time. For the truckers in the area that are trying to pass through Sacramento on Interstate 5, on Interstate 80 or Highway 50, it is $199 million of lost productivity. 
There is another alternative. Down 
in Riverside, a southern California city that I once represented when I was lieutenant governor, they want to build a 13-mile streetcar system in the city of Riverside. It would cost about $300 million. The economic analysis that was done on that indicates that if they were to do it, there would be a 4- to-1 return on investment. Now, you tell me which investment banker on Wall Street wouldn’t want to have a 4- to-1 return on their investment. Well, the city of Riverside could have a 4-to- 1 return on their investment of $300 million to build that 13-mile streetcar section. That is property values and economic development. 
This morning, The Wall Street Jour-
nal published an article in which the American Society of Civil Engineers was quoted that between 2012 and 2022, in America, because of the insufficient infrastructure—and remember, I just read you their GPA, mostly Ds—lost sales, $1 trillion of lost sales. For the United States, the delays will cost $3.1 trillion. And to bring it home to a sin-gle company—a big company but, none-theless, just one company—United Par-cel Service, UPS, all of those big brown trucks that are out there, $105 million in lost revenue. 
There is a solution. The President 
has put forward to us, the Members of Congress, a 6-year, $478 billion trans-portation plan that will be paid for— fully paid for with the current gasoline and diesel tax not increased, keep it the same—and going out to those American corporations that are stiffing the American taxpayer by hiding their profits overseas. The President says: Bring those profits home; pay your fair share of the taxes. So there is a fully paid-for proposal before us here in the House of Representatives for a $478 bil-lion, 6-year transportation program. Now, I think our Speaker represents 
an area in Ohio near Kentucky, and I believe there is a bridge in that area called the Brent Spence Bridge. It crosses the Ohio River between Ken-tucky and Ohio. It was built for 80,000 cars a day, and now there are over 200,000 cars a day that pass over that bridge—or try to pass over that bridge—creating a monumental traffic jam and slowing down the entire econ-omy in that region. 
By the way, don’t ever walk or drive 
underneath the bridge because the con-crete in the bridge is falling off. They have a nice little safety net over the road beneath it, so perhaps, therefore, you won’t be hit by a falling piece of concrete. 
So the issue for us, the Representa-
tives of the American public, is: Are we willing to put together a full transpor-tation program so that these kinds of bridge collapses are pictures of yester-day, not the pictures of tomorrow’s fu-ture? 
I would like to have the gentleman 
from Minnesota, Mr. R
ICKNOLAN , join 
us now. If you would come on down and join us, perhaps here on the floor, and take one of the microphones. 
Mr. N
OLAN , you have a fascinating 
history here in the House of Represent-atives. You were here in the early sev-enties as a Representative and then de-cided to go back to Minnesota and build a business, a lumber manufac-turing, a timber manufacturing busi-ness. It was very successful. Then you came back to straighten us out, bring-ing all of that history to us. 
Welcome, Mr. N
OLAN . Thank you so 
very much for joining us this evening as we talk about transportation and in-frastructure in America. 
Mr. NOLAN. Well, thank you. The House historian tells me that my 
32-year hiatus is the longest in the his-tory of the House of Representatives. 
Mr. GARAMENDI. Well, you had an 
opportunity to learn about the private sector and learn about the necessity of transportation; and I think your busi-ness was dependent on that, both to get the materials to your lumber mill and then to export. 
Mr. NOLAN. Very much so. I also built an export trading com-
pany and did a little business all over the globe. People asked me what I sold. I like to tell them I sold, well, just about everything except guns and drugs, which is where all the real money was. 
It was really quite an eye-opening ex-
perience to see how the rest of the world does business, to get a better feel and understanding for the importance of agriculture and a better feel and un-derstanding of agriculture as it relates to feeding a hungry world, but infra-structure and its importance to build-ing the middle class here in the coun-try, to laying the foundation for job growth and economic growth. And to come back here again after those years in business and in community service, I have got to be frank with you; I feel 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:44 Feb 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24FE7.034 H24FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1105 February 24, 2015 
much better prepared today than I ever 
was to serve my district and to serve my Nation, and I am grateful to have the opportunity to be here. 
I want to particularly thank you for 
calling this to the attention of the American public, the importance of in-frastructure, the importance of infra-structure to the middle class in this country, and the importance that it brings to the fulfillment of the Amer-ican Dream. 
The American Dream is not every-
body becoming a billionaire or a Pul-itzer Prize winner. It is about contrib-uting. It is about having a good job. It is about having a living wage. It is about having some money left over at the end of the week to take your fam-ily or your best friend and go out and have dinner or maybe wet a line and go fishing. And, quite frankly, that is what is getting away from us. 
I want to thank you for bringing to 
the attention of people how transpor-tation and infrastructure and its deg-radation that is taking place is related to, quite frankly, the demise and the decline of the middle class in this country. 
The simple truth is the rich are get-
ting richer, the poor are getting poor-er, the middle class is getting crushed, and, simultaneously, our infrastruc-ture is falling apart. 
The gentleman from California (Mr. 
G
ARAMENDI ), you, too, have a back-
ground in business and public service and community service that gives you a good grasp and an understanding for the importance of all this. 
Mr. GARAMENDI. Well, there is no 
doubt about the importance of it. If you want to build good middle class jobs, a lot of those jobs are in the infra-structure. It may be a hardhat job out there putting up the steel and the con-crete, the ironworkers or the cement masons or the operators of the heavy equipment. All of those are really good middle class jobs, no doubt about it, wherever they happen to be across the Nation. But also, in the back office, somebody has to do the accounting; somebody has to do the design work— the architects, the draftsmen and -women that are involved. 
So these jobs permeate the entire 
economy. And it is absolutely true that if we can fund—that is, pass—a 6-year, robust transportation bill that is fully paid for, Americans would go to work in middle class jobs. That is the first effect: people will have jobs. And in building the infrastructure, you then lay the foundation for future economic growth. 
You have seen this in your area. I 
was thinking about your call for the family to be able to enjoy the fruits of life. And I am thinking about you have got some heavy-duty hunting country up in your area. You are out in the backwoods of Minnesota, if I recall. 
Mr. NOLAN. I am. My nearest neigh-
bor is a couple of miles away. 
Mr. GARAMENDI. And in between 
are bear, deer, and fish. Mr. NOLAN. We have bear. We have 
duck. We have grouse. We have good hunting and darn good fishing, too. 
You mentioned the fact that I had 
served many years ago, quite frankly, back in the seventies. I like to tell peo-ple I was only 10 years old at the time. 
When I first got back here, I said to 
a number of people: Perhaps you knew my father when he had served here back in the seventies. And there were always a couple of old-timers in the back that would laugh. And everyone would say: Well, what is so funny about that? And they would say: Well, it wasn’t his father; it was him. 
But I have got to tell you, it was 
quite different. It was quite different than it is today. I had my staff do a lit-tle survey. We found that in the terms I served before, there was an average of about 8,000 subcommittee, full com-mittee, and conference committee meetings here in the Congress. What that meant was that we got together 5 days a week in our committees. And all the diverse elements that make up America were all represented in those meetings, and that is how we found common ground; that is how we came together; that is how we fixed things; that is how we got things done. 
And people have to be reminded, I 
think, that process is important to good government. Because now we are faced with this gridlock; we are faced with this terrible partisanship, the seeming inability to be productive and to get things done. I think experts that study governance here in America are saying now that this immediate last Congress was the most unproductive in the history of the country. 
Well, guess what. When we had 8,000 
committee meetings in the past, yes, maybe around 1,000 of them were just formal hearings or, you know, you have got to give Jack Nicklaus a gold medal and do a reauthorization of Pea-nut Butter and Jelly Week. Well, guess what. This last session of Congress, we had about 1,000 of those meetings, and most of them were quite informal. 
As you recall, Mr. G
ARAMENDI , when 
we started the hearings about a year ago in the Transportation Committee because we knew that the transpor-tation legislation needed to be reau-thorized, we had everybody come in be-fore that committee; and, boy, we were laying the foundation for a good reau-thorization of a transportation and in-frastructure bill. You were there every day. 
By the way, I want to commend you 
for the leadership that you have shown 
on that committee in so many areas, in so many ways. 
But we had everybody, as you recall, 
from the head of the national Chamber of Commerce to the heads of all the labor unions, the truckers, retail. Ev-erybody came before that committee. 
I don’t know if you recall. But I 
asked every one of them, I said: I have three questions. And I remember the committee groaning, saying: Gee, N
OLAN , you have only got 5 minutes. 
How are you going to do that? I said: Question number one, is there 
anyone here on this committee who disagrees with the notion that our in-frastructure is badly in need of repair and is falling down and dilapidated? 
Nobody disagreed. 
Second question, is there anybody 
here—of all that group that was testi-fying—that disagrees with the notion that our ability to grow an economy and create good jobs is dependent upon a good, strong infrastructure? 
Nobody disagreed, as you would re-
call. 
And then lastly, I said: Is there any-
body on this committee who doubts that we need to find some new revenue to rebuild our infrastructure? 
And nobody disagreed. And I said: Make a note of it, Mr. 
Chairman, because we have got to write a bill here. And that is what we were there for. 
You know as well as everybody else 
that the authorization for the Trans-portation Committee to write a bill was pulled away from the committee. Presumably, in the Speaker’s office or someplace else, it was decided that we should do a temporary reauthorization for 8 months; and, as you recall, we borrowed money from people’s private pension funds. 
b1945 
We are getting near that 8-month 
deadline again. 
Mr. GARAMENDI. I think it is May 
15. 
Mr. NOLAN. May 15. So now working 
people’s pension funds are short a little money potentially, and we still haven’t fixed the transportation problem. So one of the things I want to do here to-night, and I know you do as well, is to call upon the Speaker to let the com-mittee do its work. We have got a good committee. You know it as well as I do and everybody else. There is a lot of goodwill in this Chamber among Demo-crats, Republicans, conservatives, and liberals, and if we are allowed to sit down in that committee and advance our ideas and argue the merits of them, we will find that common ground. We will find a way to get this country back on track with rebuilding our in-frastructure. 
That is what democracy is all about. 
Someone said to me the other day here, and it almost broke my heart, when I was explaining this and they said: Well, isn’t it more efficient here by not using the committees? I said: Yeah, of course, it is. The Nazis and the Com-munists would love it. Democracy is a lot of hard work. There is so much goodwill in this Chamber, and there are so many good men and women. We get along fine. 
Mr. Speaker, let the process work. 
Let the committee do its job, and we will get a good transportation bill, and we will rebuild this middle class and rebuild our economy in a way that is fair to everyone. 
Mr. GARAMENDI. Well, there is no 
doubt that if we were to pass—well, we 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:55 Feb 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24FE7.035 H24FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1106 February 24, 2015 
don’t have a choice. If we don’t pass a 
bill in the next 2 months, 21⁄2months, 
all public works, transportation pro-grams, will come to a screeching halt. There will be no more Federal money, and it will simply stop. So we have got work to do. As you say, if the com-mittee could have its way, we could put together a good bill. There has been a long history here of the trans-portation bill being a bipartisan bill. We can do that. 
If we don’t—let me just go back 
through this. I get stacks and stacks of paper, and this one caught my eye. It is entitled, ‘‘Infrastructure Investment Creates American Jobs.’’ I said: Well, that is kind of a pretty good cover there. It has roads, bridges, ports, and so forth. It is the Duke Center on Globalization, Governance & Competi-tiveness. So it is the Duke University. Here they say: 
Old and broken transportation infrastruc-
ture makes the United States less competi-tive than 15 of our major trading partners and makes manufacturers less efficient in getting goods to market. 
Underinvestment costs the United States 
over 900,000 jobs, including more than 97,000 American manufacturing jobs. 
Maximizing American-made materials 
when rebuilding infrastructure has the po-tential to create even more jobs. Relying on American-made inputs can also mitigate safety concerns related to large-scale out-sourcing. 
I am with you, Duke—Duke Univer-
sity. I am from the west coast, and I have problems with some of these east coast athletic teams, but, hey, I am with them on this one. Infrastructure creates American jobs. 
This is something that I have used 
over and over again. This is from Mark Zandi, chief economist at Moody’s Ana-lytics. He is the former economics ad-viser for Senator J
OHN MCCAINwhen 
the Senator ran for the United States Presidency. He put it this way: 
For every dollar invested in infrastructure 
investment, $1.57 is pumped back into the American economy with well paying, middle class American jobs. 
This is just really critically impor-
tant. The question for us, and the rea-son we are here on the floor and the reason we are talking about this issue of middle class economics and now transportation, is that we are up against another timeline here. We have got the transportation cliff, we have got a bridge that is collapsed, and the question is: Will this Congress provide a transportation bill that can bridge this collapsed bridge and rebuild it? I think we can. I know we must. 
My fear—my fear—Mr. N
OLAN , is that 
we have become really, really good at something we used to play when I was a kid, and it is called kick the can. We have become really good at kicking the can down the road rather than just coming to grips with the reality that we have to have a long-term transpor-tation bill. 
There are many reasons for it. These 
are long-term projects, and over the last I guess almost 7 years now we have not had a long-term bill. The longest 
one has been a 2-year bill that passed 2 years ago, and that doesn’t give the planners enough time to plan these long-term projects or the assurance that the money, the Federal money, will be there; $478 billion, 6 years, fully paid for, doesn’t increase the gasoline or diesel tax but requires American 
corporations that have run away from their obligation to this Nation by hid-ing their profits overseas to bring those profits back and tax them ac-cordingly. 
That is the President’s plan. It is all 
there for us. Can we do it? I don’t think we have any choice. I think we have to do it, Mr. N
OLAN . I don’t know how you 
feel about it from Minnesota, but I know in California that we are in the midst of a major drought, and this is going to be the fourth year of a major drought in California, and it has been at least 30 years since there have been any major water infrastructure invest-ments in California. Our economy in California is paying dearly for it. About one-third of the rice fields in my district are fallow. If you go further south into the San Joaquin Valley it is probably about the same percentage. Cantaloupes, cotton, and other kinds of row crops, tomatoes, are not being planted. 
We have to have in California invest-
ments in our water infrastructure. One of the things that my Republican col-league—and Mr. N
OLAN , you spoke 
about bipartisanship—my Republican colleague from my area, Mr. L
AMALFA , 
he and I are going to introduce tomor-row a piece of legislation to build a very large, offstream reservoir called Sites Reservoir. It is about 1.8, 1.9 mil-lion acre-feet of water. If that had been built a decade ago, the drought would still be very difficult. There would be a lot of trouble and a lot of lost oppor-tunity. But at least we would have a very significant amount of water avail-able stored in that reservoir to help us along. So we are going to do that. That is a major infrastructure program, and we will see if we can participate here at the Federal level with the participa-tion that the State of California voters have already approved, a $7.6 billion bond act in which there is money for storage, both aquifer, underground, as well as surface storage, probably in-cluding the Sites Reservoir. 
So there are things we can do. And 
this is a piece of legislation, we will present it to the Congress and the Sen-ate and hopefully it will move along. Mr. N
OLAN , I am sure that you have 
projects up in your area that are im-portant, and perhaps you would like to pick up here. 
Mr. NOLAN. I sure do, Mr. 
G
ARAMENDI . I think the fact that our 
bridges are falling down could not be more evidenced than in Minnesota, where we had the catastrophic collapse of the I–35 bridge, which killed a num-ber of people and did obviously irrep-arable damage to their lives and many others. Mr. GARAMENDI. This was the 
bridge across the Mississippi in Min-
neapolis? 
Mr. NOLAN. Yes. Very tragic. I have 
got several thousand bridges in my dis-trict alone, and several hundred of them have been certified as obsolete and in disrepair, in need of repair, and, of course, there are thousands and thousands of those bridges across the country. I held three transportation hearings back in Minnesota here re-cently, and the unanimity of agree-ment on what needs to be done is really quite unique. I mean, generally, if you get 50 people in a room in Minnesota you will have at least 40, 45 opinions. 
Mr. GARAMENDI. Well, in Cali-
fornia, you would have 150 opinions if you had 50 people. 
Mr. NOLAN. Well, everybody agreed, 
as you pointed out, we need a long- term plan so that you can plan accord-ingly, and then do it responsibly in the most efficient and economical way. Ev-eryone came up and said that we need it for our economic growth and our business, and they understand that, as you were pointing out earlier, good in-frastructure is the foundation, it is the foundation for every single successful economy in this world. I have said to people on occasion: If you don’t want to pay any taxes, you can move to Zaire. I think they have about 2 miles of roads and no taxes, but you had bet-ter bring a little army with you to pro-tect you. 
So the other thing, of course—it has 
become real apparent—is the conges-tion. You must see that. We are seeing it in Minnesota. People are spending endless hours sitting in their cars try-ing to get to and from work, time that they could have used to sleep in an extra hour, get home in time for dinner with their family. 
Mr. GARAMENDI. Work with the 
kids on their homework. 
Mr. NOLAN. Of course, you men-
tioned the collapse of the bridge. The other thing they want to see is some bipartisanship. I would like to remind our colleagues, as well as the folks back home, because you and I were there, and we were part of a couple of the few instances where, in the last session of Congress, the process was al-lowed to work. It was cumbersome, and it was contentious, but at the end of the day, we came together, and we passed a good, bipartisan farm bill. You and I were part of that. 
Mr. GARAMENDI. You were on the 
committee. 
Mr. NOLAN. As well as our col-
leagues here on both sides of the aisle, and then we were allowed on the water 
resources bill, and we were able to put together a good bill. Not everybody got everything they wanted, but everybody was a part of it. They had a chance to advance their ideas. We had open rules. If you want to have an amendment or a good idea, you got a chance to ad-vance it and get a vote on it. People want to see more of that as well. 
Then there is one thing that doesn’t 
get mentioned very often, and I don’t 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:55 Feb 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24FE7.037 H24FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1107 February 24, 2015 
mind bringing it up, and a number of 
my folks back home brought it up. And that is—you mentioned the cost of not doing anything. Well, that would be devastating for America. It would be just devastating for our economy. I pray to God that would never happen. But our hope is, of course, it will be done in a responsible way that solves the problems and fixes these things. But there is a little factor. I have about a 5-mile dirt road to my farm, and I went through two front ends on my new pickup truck until it became part of a local effort to pave the roads. My road got paved. That was 10 years ago. I am still driving the same pickup truck, and I haven’t lost any front ends. 
You know the old saying, you pay me 
now or you pay me later. Boy, I tell you, these potholes and these wash-board roads and bridges falling down, there is a heavy price to be paid for not fixing, maintaining, and upkeeping our roads and our bridges. 
Mr. GARAMENDI. There is no doubt 
about it—you can ruin your car real fast. That 5-mile road was a county road, I assume, it was not your per-sonal road? 
Mr. NOLAN. No, no. It was not my 
personal road. No, no, no. It was a com-bination county and township. But it helped to have been on the township planning committee. 
Mr. GARAMENDI. Whatever it took, 
you got it done. 
A couple of things that I think are 
also important as we go about this in-frastructure, and that is: Who is going to provide the material? I want to give you an example of why it is important that we honor the Buy America laws that exist today. We have had Buy America requirements in laws for al-most 50 years now, and those require-ments simply say that if it is our tax-payer money or your taxpayer money, then it should be used to buy Amer-ican-made products and materials. 
Now, out in California, we have the 
San Francisco Bay Bridge. This is about a—what do we have here—$3.9 billion project. Excuse me—it is not $3.9 billion; it is about $6 billion. It is $3.9 billion over budget. This project replaces the old San Francisco-Oak-land Bay Bridge connecting the two cities across the bay that collapsed during the 1989 earthquake. The bridge went out to bid, and the contractor said: I can use Chinese steel, and it will be 10 percent cheaper if we use Chinese rather than American-made steel. So the State waived the Buy America re-quirements. They didn’t use them. They went out and bought Chinese steel. 
Well, they got 3,000 jobs in China and 
overbudget and poor material. In fact, today it is reported in the California newspapers that one of the major bolts, which is a 25-foot bolt, and I don’t know, it must be several inches across, that holds down the main pier to the bridge is cracking. So we have a prob-lem here. b2000 
Now, New York is undertaking a 
bridge across the Hudson River. It is called the Tappan Zee Bridge, and it is made with American steel. American steel is being used. The total cost is $3.9 billion—notice, that is the cost of the overrun in California. There are 7,728 American jobs, and it is 100 per-cent made in America. 
When we go about this infrastruc-
ture, I want to make very, very sure that we maintain the Buy America re-quirements. We can do it. 
I am going to put up one more 
placard here. This is one of my favor-ites. This is a brand-new 100 percent American-made electric locomotive for the Washington, D.C., to Boston North-east corridor. About 70 to 80 of these will be made. 
In the American Recovery Act—you 
remember the stimulus bill—somebody wrote in $700 million for Amtrak to buy new locomotives, and they said: 100 percent American-made. 
General Electric looked at it, other 
companies looked at it, and a German company looked at this $700 million or so and 70 to 80 locomotives, 100 percent American-made, and they go: We can do that. 
So Siemens, a major international 
German company, had a manufacturing plant in Sacramento, and they set about to make 100 percent American- made locomotives. They built double the size of their factory, hired several hundred new workers, and they went out across the United States to find all the parts. 
They are now building 100 percent 
American-made locomotives, a major infrastructure project, great for Amer-ican jobs, great for the future. This is one of the first ones that came off the lot. 
Now, my final point and then I want 
to turn this back to my colleague from Minnesota. Today, on the east coast, Amtrak is going out to bid for 28 new high-speed train sets to travel between Washington, D.C., and Boston at maybe half again as fast as the current trains, so you can zip between the two cities— Washington, D.C., and New York—in, I don’t know, 2 hours or less. They want—Amtrak—wants a waiver from the Buy America provisions, and I am saying: No way, period. 
This is American taxpayer money 
that is going to be used. You are going to buy America, we are going to make those train sets in America, and we can do it. Yes, we can—si se puede. 
We can do it. We can build these 
things in America and create good mid-dle class jobs in America, just like Sie-mens is doing in Sacramento when they are making 100 percent American- made locomotives in Sacramento. 
This is an opportunity for us as we 
build our infrastructure, as we put to-gether the surface transportation plan, as we take the Water Resources Re-form and Development Act. Keep in mind and always keep in place the Buy America provisions, so that your tax money is used on American-made 
equipment and employing Americans making those things. 
I am sure this is important up in 
your area, as well as it is in Sac-ramento, California, on the edge of my district, Mr. N
OLAN . I know it is impor-
tant to me, and I think it is important to Americans, that we use our tax money to buy American-made products that are employing Americans. 
Mr. NOLAN. Well, indeed, it is. I rep-
resent Minnesota’s Iron Range, the largest iron mines anywhere in the United States. We are dependent upon a good, strong market for U.S. steel and for Minnesota-made taconite and processed iron ore. 
I was so delighted to join you and 
others recently in petitioning the U.S. Department of Commerce and the International Trade Commission to curtail the importation of cheap Ko-rean steel. 
The market for steel in America is 
very, very good. The problem is that American steel is only providing about 70 to 75 percent of it. Close to over 30 percent of it is being foreign steel that is brought in. Foreign steel that, by the way, is subsidized by the foreign governments. 
Our steelworkers, iron mineworkers, 
can compete with anybody in the world, anybody in America, quite frankly, we can compete with anybody, but it has got to be fair trade. If they have government-subsidized, below market cheap steel coming in here, that is unfair trade. 
Guess what, there is about a dozen 
steel mills left here in America, and there is about 50,000 workers here. If we don’t find a way to curtail the importa-tion of this cheap, subsidized steel, we are going to put all 12 of those steel companies out of business, we are going to put 50,000 steelworkers out of business and countless thousands of mining processors and workers in this country. 
If we are talking about the middle 
class, we better start insisting on fair trade in this country, insisting—as you have so eloquently pointed out here— the significance and the importance of making it in America with U.S. steel when we are talking roads, bridges, railroads, pipelines, and all the rest. 
Mr. GARAMENDI. Well, here it is, 
the San Francisco Bay Bridge built with Chinese steel. They built a brand- new, one of the most advanced steel mills, making one of the most ad-vanced types of steel in China—3,000 Chinese jobs, zero American. 
Then the Tappan Zee Bridge in New 
York, American steel—probably some of that iron ore from your district goes into making that steel. 
Mr. NOLAN. Oh, it did, no doubt. Mr. GARAMENDI. No doubt about it. Mr. NOLAN. And do you know what, 
John, I found in international trade, when it comes to quality, American steel is considered to be the best qual-ity. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:55 Feb 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24FE7.038 H24FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1108 February 24, 2015 
Now, what is the importance of that? 
Well, it might be the difference be-tween a bridge falling down or stand-ing; it might mean the difference be-tween a pipeline breaking and pol-luting a wetland versus not doing that. 
There is an economic reason here, 
there is a reason for the middle class, there is a reason for our economy, there is a reason for safety, there is a reason for health, there is a reason for environment, there are so many good reasons to make it in America, J
OHN. 
Mr. GARAMENDI. You were just 
singing my song there. This Bay 
Bridge, why was it $3.9 billion over? Be-cause the steel was unsatisfactory. It was low quality, it had cracks in it, it didn’t meet the requirements, they had to go back and redo the welds—many, many issues. You are absolutely cor-rect about quality, as well as about the jobs in America. 
We are going to make it in America. 
We have an opportunity here. 
Can I take up one more issue? Mr. NOLAN. Well, I am going to de-
part, but I really want to thank you for this session here and bringing it to the attention of our colleagues and people all across this country that care about America, care about good-paying mid-dle class jobs, and want to see us do what we have got to do here to come together, fix this thing, and continue the great progress that America has enjoyed. 
A big part of being an American is 
paying it forward, and now, it is time for us to step up and do what we have to do for the next generation. 
Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. N
OLAN , I 
thank you so very much. The folks in the northern Minnesota area are blessed to have you return after a 32- year hiatus. You came back with a fire in your belly, and you are ready to go. 
Mr. NOLAN. Well, I am honored and 
thrilled and glad to be here. 
Mr. GARAMENDI. Thank you so very 
much for joining us this evening. 
I want to bring up just one more 
issue, and then we will call it a night. America is blessed with a lot of energy. We have seen a resurgence of American energy here in the United States. We have seen us go from an importing Na-tion—we can be an exporting Nation. 
One of the things that the American 
gas industry wants to do is to export a strategic national asset, that is our natural gas. It has allowed us to have one of the lower energy prices in the world. 
That has allowed for a resurgence of 
manufacturing in the United States. There are other factors. Clearly, the ability to have low-priced natural gas is one of the ingredients in the resur-gence of American manufacturing. 
Now, the gas industry wants to im-
port a lot of gas so they can get two or three times more for the gas overseas. I want to be really careful here, I don’t want to drive up the price of natural gas, but if we are going to export this strategic national asset, then we ought to consider two other strategic issues for the United States. One of them is the merchant ma-
rines. These are the American sailors and American ships. Our military is ab-solutely dependent on the merchant marines. We ship a lot of things through the air on the big C–5As and the C–17s, but it is a small percentage of what we need if we go to Iraq or any other part of the world with our mili-tary. The merchant marines have his-torically, from the very earliest days of this Nation, been one of the key stra-tegic assets in the United States. 
A third strategic asset is the U.S. 
Navy and the shipyards that build the naval ships. Those shipyards are abso-lutely critical. If we didn’t have them, would we go to China to have them build our aircraft carriers and our sub-marines? I don’t think so. The ship-yards are a strategic asset, absolutely essential for American defense. 
You have got these three things: the 
natural gas, a strategic asset; the mer-chant marines; and the shipbuilding. 
Here is a key to American jobs, and 
that is, if we are ever to export natural gas, it will be done in liquefied natural gas. You take the natural gas, you compress it into a liquid, and you put it on an LNG—liquefied natural gas— ship. This is an example of one lique-fied natural gas ship. 
Sometime this year, a company— 
Cheniere—located in Texas will begin exporting LNG from a facility in Texas. They will need about 100 ships to export the full capacity of that LNG export facility. My sense of this is let us use that export of a strategic na-tional asset to build and to grow the other two strategics. 
We should require that any LNG 
shipped from the United States be shipped on American-made tankers with American crews, thereby lifting up the ability of our Nation to grow its economy and to maintain its strategic defense industries—shipbuilding and the merchant marines—at the same time we ship and export a strategic asset. 
What does it mean? It means that the 
shipyards in America in the next two decades would be busy. American work-ers would be in those shipyards, they would be making the ships, so it would be the shipbuilders. 
You can imagine what could happen 
in the ports around the United States— in Baltimore, in the south coast, along the gulf coast, and in California, San Diego, up in Washington, and even San Francisco—an opportunity to build our economy with, once again, infrastruc-ture, a different kind of infrastructure, this is moving infrastructure, the great ships that will be all across the oceans of this Nation and in the harbors around the United States, American ships, American-built ships, American sailors, exporting American liquefied natural gas. 
Si se puede—yes, we can. We can 
make it in America. We can rebuild the American economy. We can focus on middle class economics with the infra-structure systems that we must build, the foundation for future economic 
growth, and the foundation for Amer-ican jobs today. 
Make it in America, build America, 
build our ports, our water systems, our highways, our bridges, our airports, our sanitation systems. Let us have the American Society of Civil Engineers come back with an A-plus rating when they look at our airports, an A-plus rating when they look at our rail lines, our transit lines, when they look at our transit systems, when they look at our waste disposal systems. We don’t want to be a backwater. 
This is America. We are the people 
that can build for the future. All it 
takes is the Senate and the House to pass a 6-year surface transportation bill and infrastructure bills that are fully funded, that provide the founda-tion for middle class jobs, middle class economics, putting Americans back to work, and building this Nation’s fu-ture. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
f 
b2015 
REMEMBERING THE ALAMO 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
GROTHMAN ). Under the Speaker’s an-
nounced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. P
OE) is rec-
ognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the majority leader. 
Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, it 
was in the cold, dark, damp, moldy walls of a beat-up old Spanish mission that was already 100 years old at the time. He was a 27-year-old lawyer from South Carolina and also from Alabama. He was the commander of 187 volun-teers from 13 countries and most of the States in then the United States. His men were surrounded by several thou-sand of the enemy. It was the Alamo. It had been turned into a makeshift fort, and the commander was William Bar-ret Travis. 
Mr. Speaker, he wrote the following 
letter 179 years ago this very night, February 24, 1836. It is entitled Com-mander of the Alamo, February 24, 1836: 
To all the people of Texas and all Ameri-
cans in the world, fellow citizens and com-patriots: 
I am besieged by a thousand or more of the 
Mexicans under Santa Anna. I have sus-tained a continual bombardment and cannon fire for over 24 hours, but I have not lost a man. The enemy has demanded surrender at its discretion; otherwise, the fort will be put to the sword. I have answered that demand with a cannon shot, and the flag still waves proudly over the north wall. I shall never surrender or retreat. 
I call upon you in the name of liberty and 
patriotism and everything dear to our char-acter to come to my aid with all dispatch. The enemy is receiving reinforcements daily and will no doubt increase to 3 or 4,000 in 4 or 5 days. 
If this call is neglected, I am determined to 
sustain myself for as long as possible and die like a soldier that never forgets his honor and that of his country. Victory or death. 
Signed, William Barret Travis, Commander 
of the Alamo. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Feb 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24FE7.039 H24FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1109 February 24, 2015 
Besides Travis, there were other fa-
mous people: Davy Crockett, Jim Bowie, Jim Bonham, and many others. Mr. Speaker, it is interesting that all of these people were volunteers. They came from most States, 13 foreign countries. They were black, they were brown, and they were white. 
Mr. Speaker, I include for the 
R
ECORD the names of the 187 volunteers 
who were at the Alamo and died on March 6, 1836. 
?, John, Unknown, A Black Freedman, Un-
known; Abamillo, Juan, Unknown, Garrison Member, Texas; Allen, James L., 21, Garrison Member, Kentucky; Andross, Miles DeFor-est, 27, Garrison Member, Vermont; Autry, Micajah, 43, Garrison Member, North Caro-lina; Badillo, Juan Antonio, Unknown, Gar-rison Member, Texas; Bailey, Peter James, 24, Garrison Member, Kentucky; Baker, Isaac G., 32, Garrison Member, Arkansas; Baker, William, Unknown, Garrison Member, Mis-souri; Ballentine, John J., Unknown, Garri-son Member, Pennsylvania; Ballentine, Rich-ard W., 22, Garrison Member, Scotland; Baugh, John J., 33, Captain, Virginia; Bayliss, Joseph, 28, Garrison Member, Ten-nessee; Blair, John, 33, Garrison Member, Tennessee; Blair, Samuel, 29, Captain, Ten-nessee; Blazeby, William, 41, Captain, Eng-land; Bonham, James, 29, Second Lieutenant, South Carolina; Bourne, Daniel, 26, Garrison Member, England; Bowie, James, 40, Colonel, Kentucky; Bowman, Jesse, 51, Garrison Member, Tennessee. 
Brown, George, 35, Garrison Member, Eng-
land; Brown, James Murry, 36, Garrison Member, Pennsylvania; Brown, Robert, 18, Garrison Member, Unknown; Buchanan, James, 23, Garrison Member, Unknown; Burns, Samuel E., 26, Garrison Member, Ire-land; Butler, George D., 23, Garrison Mem-ber, Missouri; Cain, John, 34, Garrison Mem-ber, Pennsylvania; Campbell, Robert, 26, Lieutenant, Tennessee; Carey, William R., 30, Captain, Virginia; Clark, Charles Henry, Unknown, Garrison Member, Missouri; Clark, M. B., Unknown, Garrison Member, Mississippi; Cloud, Daniel William, 22, Garri-son Member, Kentucky; Cochran, Robert E., 26, Garrison Member, New Hampshire; Cottle, George Washington, 25, Garrison Member, Tennessee; Courtman, Henry, 28, Garrison Member, Germany; Crawford, Lemuel, 22, Garrison Member, South Caro-lina; Crockett, David (Davy), 50, Colonel, Tennessee; Crossman, Robert, 26, Garrison Member, Pennsylvania; Cummings, David P., 27, Garrison Member, Pennsylvania; Cunningham, Robert W., 32, Private, New York. 
Darst, Jacob C., 43, Garrison Member, Ken-
tucky; Davis, John, 25, Garrison Member, Kentucky; Day, Freeman, 30, Garrison Mem-ber, Unknown; Day, Jerry C., 18, Garrison Member, Missouri; Daymon, Squire, 28, Gar-rison Member, Tennessee; Dearduff, William, Unknown, Garrison Member, Tennessee; Dennison, Stephen, 24, Garrison Member, England or Ireland; Despallier, Charles, 24, Garrison Member, Louisiana; Dewall, Lewis, 24, Garrison Member, New York; Dickinson, Almaron, 36 Captain, Pennsylvania; Dillar, John Henry, 31, Garrison Member, Ten-nessee; Dimpkins, James R., Unknown, Ser-geant, England; Duvalt, Andrew, 32, Garrison Member, Ireland; Espalier, Carlos, 17, Garri-son Member, Texas; Esparza, Gregorio, 34, Garrison Member, Texas; Evans, Robert, 36, Garrison Member, Ireland; Evans, Samuel B., 24, Garrison Member, New York; Ewing, James L., 24, Garrison Member, Tennessee; Fauntleroy, William H., 22, Garrison Mem-ber, Kentucky; Fishbaugh, William, Un-known, Garrison Member, Unknown. Flanders, John, 36, Garrison Member, Mas-
sachusetts; Floyd, Dolphine Ward, 32, Garri-son Member, North Carolina; Forsyth, John Hubbard, 38, Captain, New York; Fuentes, Antonio, 23, Garrison Member, Texas; Fuqua, Galba, 16, Garrison Member, Alabama; Gar-nett, William, 24, Garrison Member, Vir-ginia; Garrand, James W., 23, Garrison Mem-
ber, Louisiana; Garrett, James Girard, 30, Garrison Member, Tennessee; Garvin, John E., 27, Garrison Member, Unknown; Gaston, John E., 17, Garrison Member, Kentucky; George, James, 34, Garrison Member, Un-known; Goodrich, John C., 27, Garrison Mem-ber, Virginia; Grimes, Albert Calvin, 19, Or-derly Sergeant, Georgia; Guerrero, Jose ´ 
Marı´a, Unknown, Garrison Member, Texas; 
Gwynne, James C., 32, Garrison Member, England; Hannum, James, 21, Garrison Mem-ber, Pennsylvania; Harris, John, 23, Garrison Member, Kentucky; Harrison, Andrew Jack-son, 27, Garrison Member, Tennessee; Har-rison, William B., 25, Commanding Officer, Ohio; Haskell, Charles M., 23, Garrison Mem-ber, Tennessee. 
Hawkins, Joseph M., 37, Garrison Member, 
Ireland; Hays, John M., 22, Garrison Member, Tennessee; Herndon, Patrick Henry, 32, Gar-rison Member, Virginia; Hersee, William Daniel, 31, Sergeant, England; Holland, Tapley, 26, Garrison Member, Ohio; Hollo-way, Samuel, 28, Garrison Member, Philadel-phia; Howell, William D., 39, Garrison Mem-ber, Massachusetts; Jackson, Thomas, Un-known, Garrison Member, Ireland; Jackson, William Daniel, 29, Lieutenant, Ireland; Jameson, Green B., 27, Lieutenant, Kentucky or Tennessee; Jennings, Gordon C., 56, Cor-poral, Connecticut; Jime ´nez, Damacio, Un-
known, Garrison Member, Unknown; John-son, Lewis, 23, Private, Virginia; Johnson, William, Unknown, Garrison Member, Penn-sylvania; Jones, John, 26, Lieutenant, New York; Kellogg, John Benjamin, 19, Lieuten-ant, Kentucky; Kenny, James, 22, Garrison Member, Virginia; Kent, Andrew, Unknown, Garrison Member, Kentucky; Kerr, Joseph, 22, Garrison Member, Louisiana; Kimbell, George C., 33, Lieutenant, Pennsylvania. 
King, William Philip, 16, Garrison Member, 
Mississippi; Lewis, William Irvine, 30, Garri-son Member, Virginia; Lightfoot, William John, 31, Third Corporal, Kentucky; Lindley, Jonathan, 22, Garrison Member, Illinois; Linn, William, Unknown, Garrison Member, Massachusetts; Losoya, Jose ´Toribio, 27, Pri-
vate, Texas; Main, George Washington, 29, Second Lieutenant, Virginia; Malone, Wil-liam T., 18, Garrison Member, Virginia or Alabama; Marshall, William, 28, Garrison Member, Tennessee; Martin, Albert, 28, Gar-rison Member, Rhode Island; McCafferty, Ed-ward, Unknown, Lieutenant, Unknown; McCoy, Jesse, 32, Garrison Member, Ten-nessee; McDowell, William, 42, Garrison Member, Pennsylvania; McGee, James, Un-known, Garrison Member, Ireland; McGregor, John, Unknown, Second Sergeant, Scotland; McKinney, Robert, 27, Garrison Member, Tennessee; Melton, Eliel, 38, Lieu-tenant, Georgia; Miller, Thomas Redd, 31, Garrison Member, Virginia; Mills, William, 20, Garrison Member, Tennessee; Millsaps, Isaac, 41, Private, Tennessee. 
Mitchasson, Edward F., 30, Private, Vir-
ginia; Mitchell, Edwin T., 30, Private, Un-known; Mitchell, Napoleon B., 32, Private, Tennessee; Moore, Robert B., 30, Garrison Member, Virginia; Moore, Willis A., 28, Gar-rison Member, North Carolina; Musselman, Robert, 31, Sergeant, Ohio; Nava, Andre ´s, 26, 
Sergeant, Texas; Neggan, George, 28, Garri-son Member, South Carolina; Nelson, Andrew M., 27, Garrison Member, Tennessee; Nelson, Edward, 20, Garrison Member, South Caro-lina; Nelson, George, 31, Garrison Member, South Carolina; Northcross, James, 32, Gar-rison Member, Virginia; Nowlan, James, 27, Garrison Member, England or Ireland; 
Pagan, George, 26, Garrison Member, Un-known; Parker, Christopher Adams, 22, Gar-rison Member, Unknown; Parks, William, 31, Garrison Member, North Carolina; Perry, Richardson, 19, Garrison Member, Texas or Mississippi; Pollard, Amos, 32, Garrison Member, Massachusetts; Reynolds, John Purdy, 29, Garrison Member, Pennsylvania; Roberts, Thomas H., Unknown, Garrison Member, Unknown. 
Robertson, James Waters, 24, Garrison 
Member, Tennessee; Robinson, Isaac, 28, Fourth Sergeant, Scotland; Rose, James M., 31, Garrison Member, Ohio; Rusk. Jackson J., Unknown, Garrison Member, Ireland; Rutherford, Joseph, 38, Garrison Member, Kentucky; Ryan, Isaac, 31, Garrison Member, Louisiana; Scurlock, Mial, 26, Garrison Mem-ber, North Carolina; Sewell, Marcus L., 31, Garrison Member, England; Shied, Manson, 25, Garrison Member, Georgia; Simmons, Cleveland Kinloch, 20, Lieutenant, South Carolina; Smith, Andrew H., 21, Garrison Member, Tennessee; Smith, Charles S., 30, Garrison Member, Maryland; Smith, Joshua G., 28, Sergeant, North Carolina; Smith, Wil-liam, 25, Garrison Member, Unknown; Starr, Richard, 25, Garrison Member, England; Stewart, James E., 28, Garrison Member, England; Stockton, Richard Lucius, 19, Gar-rison Member, New Jersey; Summerlin, A. Spain, 19, Garrison Member, Tennessee; Summers, William E., 24, Garrison Member, Tennessee; Sutherland, William DePriest, 17, Garrison Member, Unknown. 
Taylor, Edward, 24, Garrison Member, Ten-
nessee; Taylor, George, 20, Garrison Member, Tennessee; Taylor, James, 22, Garrison Mem-ber, Tennessee; Taylor, William, 37, Garrison Member, Tennessee; Thomas, B. Archer M., 18, Garrison Member, Kentucky; Thomas, Henry, 25, Garrison Member, Germany; 
Thompson, Jesse G., 38, Garrison Member, Arkansas; Thomson, John W., 29, Garrison Member, Virginia; Thurston, John M., 23, Second Lieutenant, Pennsylvania; Trammel, Burke, 26, Garrison Member, Ireland; Travis, Wlliam Barret, 26, Lieutenant Colonel, South Carolina; Tumlinson, George W., 22, Garrison Member, Missouri; Tylee, James, 41, Garri-son Member, New York; Walker, Asa, 23, Garrison Member, Tennessee; Walker, Jacob, 36, Garrison Member, Tennessee; Ward, Wil-liam B., Unknown, Sergeant, Ireland; Warnell, Henry, 24, Garrison Member, Un-known; Washington, Joseph G., 28, Garrison Member, Kentucky; Waters, Thomas, 24, Gar-rison Member, England; Wells, William, 47, Garrison Member, Georgia; White, Isaac, Un-known, Sergeant, Alabama or Kentucky. 
White, Robert, 30, Captain, Unknown; 
Williamson, Hiram James, 26, Sergeant- Major, Pennsylvania; Wills, William, Un-known, Garrison Member, Unknown; Wilson, David L., 29, Garrison Member, Scotland; Wilson, John, 32, Garrison Member, Pennsyl-vania; Wolf, Anthony, 54, Garrison Member, Spain; Wright, Claiborne, 26, Garrison Mem-ber, North Carolina; Zanco, Charles, 28, Gar-rison Member, Unknown. 
Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, this 
hardy band of frontiersmen and patri-ots, shopkeepers, lawyers were a fright-ful sight to see. They did not wear uni-forms. They wore what they worked in. They entered the Alamo, and they stood there for 13 days, fought here at this place, and all died for Texas free-dom. 
They fought against a dictatorship, a 
dictator by the name of Santa Anna. He had abolished the Constitution of Mexico. Texas was a part of Mexico at the time. He had abolished the Con-stitution and set up a dictatorship. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:59 Feb 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24FE7.041 H24FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1110 February 24, 2015 
That is what started the Texas war of 
independence against Mexico. 
You notice that the flag that is fly-
ing over the Alamo is the Mexican flag. The Mexican eagle has been removed, and it has the date 1824 on it. That is the date that the Republic of Mexico established a Constitution. The defend-ers of the Alamo were hoping to rees-tablish a democracy in Mexico, which Texas was a part of. 
After the Alamo fell, after 13 days 
and all 187 of the Texans were killed, other Texans went ahead and rallied for Texas independence from Mexico. As I said, the defenders of the Alamo were from all races. Nine, maybe 11 were Tejanos. Tejano is a uniquely Texas name. Those are individuals of Mexican or Spanish descent that were born in Texas, thus the name Tejano. 
The Alamo was important for a lot of 
reasons, but, one, it stopped Santa Anna’s invasion of Texas. Texas was one of several states in Mexico that had rebelled against Santa Anna’s dic-tatorship. 
On this other chart here, there are 
numerous states in Mexico that were established, but several of those, in-cluding Texas, Coahuila y Tejas, Tamaulipas, Nuevo Leon, Yucatan, all of them rebelled about the same time against Mexico, in 1835, 1836, because Santa Anna established a dictatorship and abolished the democracy. 
None of these other states that re-
belled were successful in creating inde-pendence except Texas. Santa Anna used his army and went through his own country, destroying and defeating any resistance to his dictatorship, and he had taken all of these states back, so to speak, when he invaded what is now the State of Texas. So he had well- seasoned troops when he came into the State of Texas in 1836. 
It all started, really, in the year of 
1835. In October of 1835, the Mexican Army had come upon a small town in Gonzales, Texas, and had demanded that the townspeople turn over to the Mexican Army a small cannon that they had to defend themselves from In-dians in the area. The locals, the Tex-ans, refused to turn over the cannon. 
They, in fact, made a flag. They 
called it the Come and Take It flag, that had a white background and then painted in a cannon that said, ‘‘Come and Take It.’’ That is the famous Come and Take It flag that was used, the first flag that was used in the Texas war of independence. 
After a skirmish where several shots 
were fired by both sides—I don’t think anybody was hurt very bad—the Mexi-can Army left, but most importantly they left without taking the arms, the cannon from the Texas people who lived in Gonzales. That was the spark that started the Texas war of independ-ence and revolution. 
There were several other skirmishes, 
and by February of 1836, Travis and his band of volunteers had found them-selves in the Alamo to thwart the inva-sion of the larger army of Santa Anna that was coming from the south. Their 
defense of the Alamo for 13 days gave the rest of Texas time to build another army to eventually fight Santa Anna. That army was, of course, led by Gen-eral Sam Houston at the time. 
So they were in the Alamo for many 
reasons, but the primary reason was to fight for liberty for Texas and Texas independence. When Travis realized that he wasn’t getting any aid except for a small band of individuals from Gonzales, Texas, that came and volun-teered when Travis sent out that first letter, he penned this letter on March 3, 1836. Travis addressed his last letter to the Council at Washington-on-the- Brazos that was not far from the Alamo or San Antonio, Bexar—what it was called at that time—in hopes that they would understand his plight. 
His battered walls, according to T. R. 
Fehrenbach, the noted Texas historian, were still show defenses, still flew the flag. His men were on duty and in com-bat that day and every day and night. They were exhausted. Travis expected no rescue, and he wrote, according to Fehrenbach, apparently to stir his countrymen into action that the coun-try might be saved. He was speaking of Texas. 
Here is what he said in that last let-
ter: 
I shall have to fight the enemy on its own 
terms. I will do the best I can. The victory will cost the enemy so dear that it will be worse for him than defeat. I hope your hon-orable body will hasten reinforcements. Our supply of ammunition is limited. God and Texas. Victory or death. 
William Barret Travis. 
Then on March 6, 1836, a few days 
later, they were all killed in the Alamo, even though they inflicted tre-mendous losses against the invasion by Santa Anna. But Travis was right, vic-tory would cost the enemy more than defeat. It did give Sam Houston and other Texas volunteers enough time to assemble another army. Not a large army, it was only 600 individuals. 
Santa Anna, still with a larger force, 
met Sam Houston and his 600 volun-teers, which once again included men from several countries, included men from several States, and had numerous Tejanos involved fighting from the side of the Republic of Texas, including Juan Seguin, Captain Seguin and his volunteers, his cavalry that was there. 
It is interesting to note that before 
the battle took place on April 21, 1836, on the plains of San Jacinto—you have never heard of that, Mr. Speaker, but it is near what is now Houston, Texas, down on the gulf coast, in the marsh area—Juan Seguin made sure that he had all of his Tejanos, the cavalry, put playing cards in the hatbands of their hats so that they wouldn’t be mistaken for the enemy. In those days, appar-ently, the playing cards that were used to gamble were much larger than the small ones we have. So they placed these playing cards in their hatbands so they could be recognized as fighting on the side of the Texas volunteers be-cause, once again, they didn’t wear 
uniforms. 
The battle that took place that Trav-
is was able to delay the army of Santa Anna in reaching this battle was an in-teresting military feat. Most battles take place, have taken place through-out history, in the early hours of the day. At sunrise, two armies get to-gether and fight it out. They have done that for thousands of years. Even still today in World War II, Vietnam, bat-tles were fought at dawn. 
b2030 
This battle—the Battle of San 
Jacinto—did not take place at dawn; it took place in the middle of the after-noon on April 21 because Santa Anna and his army were taking a siesta in the middle of the day. They didn’t ex-pect the battle until the next morning. 
Sam Houston and his other com-
manders didn’t want to wait until the next day—the troops were getting rest-less, as they say—so they decided to have that battle in the afternoon. They lined up in a single column across the high ground and marched in broad day-light. 
Santa Anna had not put out pickets, 
so he had no one to warn him that the Texans were charging. They came down the hill, and the battle began. 
In 18 minutes, Mr. Speaker, it was all 
over. Santa Anna had been completely defeated. More of the enemy were killed than were in the Texas Army. The rest were captured. Only a hand-ful—13 Texans—were killed, and the battle lasted 18 minutes. Santa Anna was captured. He was pretending to change clothes, and he put on the uni-form of a Mexican private. He was cap-tured and held. 
Travis enters the Alamo on February 
23, 1836, and writes this famous letter. He and the defenders were killed on March 6. In between that, on March 2, 1836, Texas had declared independence. Then, just a few weeks later, on April 21, about 200 miles or so from the Alamo, the Battle of San Jacinto took place. Sam Houston won that battle, and Texas became a free and inde-pendent country. 
We have this map here, Mr. Speaker. 
You may not have seen something like this. This is what Texas claimed when Texas became an independent coun-try—what is now modern-day Texas— and you see that here on this map; but it also had claimed parts of Oklahoma, Kansas, New Mexico, Colorado, and parts of Wyoming. Texas claimed all of this area when Texas became the Re-public of Texas. 
Sam Houston was the first President 
of the Republic of Texas. Texas was an independent country for 9 years, and then it decided to request to join the United States. Even how Texas joined the United States was an interesting phenomena. 
Not all of the States wanted Texas to 
become a part of the United States. Fi-nally, after several tries and failures to become a State in the United States, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:55 Feb 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24FE7.042 H24FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1111 February 24, 2015 
on a joint resolution—not a treaty— 
Texas became a State in the United States by one vote when, apparently, a Louisiana Senator changed his mind and voted to annex Texas and make it the next State in the United States. 
That took place in 1845. Ever since 
then, Texas gave up its sovereignty as a republic and became a State. Some say that we still act like we are a for-eign country, a sovereign country. 
Under Texas law that allowed it to 
become a part of the U.S., the Texas flag always is supposed to fly level with the American flag, since we were a republic. Texas can divide into five states. I don’t ever see that happening, but Texans can make that decision and split the State up to make it five dif-ferent states. 
We have a unique history, as all of 
America has a unique history, and it goes back to the fact that Texans did not want to live under a dictatorship no matter who it was. 
That is why people of all races were 
at the Alamo. All races fought for Texas independence, for freedom, and for liberty—very similar to the actions that took place with the Thirteen Colo-nies in how they were being oppressed by Great Britain. 
Nobody ever thought they could whip 
Great Britain—the most powerful em-pire that had ever existed at the time— and very few people thought that Texas could defeat Mexico. After all, Santa Anna had defeated all of these other parts of Mexico that were in rebellion. He had not lost any battles when he came and invaded Texas. 
People were surprised that Texas 
could defeat them, but it did because some things are worth fighting for and giving their lives for. That is why those 187 individuals from all walks of life, from different parts of the world— Brown, Black, and White—stood to-gether as volunteers to defend the Alamo and help freedom ring in a part of the world that we call Texas. 
Mr. Speaker, I think you are prob-
ably old enough to have heard of Marty Robbins. Maybe you haven’t. Marty Robbins, years ago, the singer, wrote a ballad in honor of the people who stayed and defied tyranny and gave their lives fighting for freedom, for Texas. 
It goes like this: 
In the southern part of Texas in the town of 
San Antone, 
There’s a fortress all in ruin, and the weeds 
have overgrown. 
You may look in vain for crosses, and you’ll 
never see a one, but sometime between the setting and the rising of the Sun, 
You can hear a ghostly bugle as men go 
marching by; 
You can hear them as they answer to that 
roll call in the sky: 
Colonel Travis, Davy Crockett, and 180 more; Captain Dickinson, Jim Bowie stand present 
and accounted for. 
Back in 1836, Sam Houston said to Travis, 
‘‘Get some volunteers, and go and for-tify the Alamo.’’ 
Well, the men came from Texas and from old 
Tennessee and a lot of other places. 
They joined up with Travis just to fight for 
the right to be free. Indian scouts with squirrel guns and men 
with muzzle loaders, 
Stood together, heel and toe, to defend the 
Alamo. 
‘‘You may never see your loved ones,’’ Travis 
told them that day. 
‘‘Those who want to can leave now. Those 
who fight to the death, let ’em stay.’’ 
So, in the sand, he drew a line with his army 
sabre; 
Out of 185, not a soldier crossed the line. With his banners a-dancin’ in the dawn’s 
golden light, 
Santa Anna came prancin’ on a horse that 
was black as the night. 
He sent an officer to tell Travis to surrender. Travis answered with a shell and a rousin’ 
yell. 
Santa Anna said, ‘‘I will show them no quar-
ter. Everyone will be put to our sword.’’ 
185 holding back 5,000. 5 days, 6 days, 8 days, 10 days, Travis kept 
holding again and again. 
Then Travis sent for replacements for his 
wounded and lame, 
But the troops that were comin’ never came, 
never came. 
So twice Santa Anna charged and then blew 
recall, 
But on that fatal third time, Santa Anna 
breached the wall, and he killed them one and all. 
Now the bugles are silent, and there is rust 
on each sword, 
And the small band of soldiers lies asleep in 
the arms of the Lord. 
In the southern part of Texas, near the town 
of San Antone, 
Like a statue on his pinto rides a cowboy all 
alone. 
He sees the cattle grazin’ where a century 
before, 
Santa Anna’s guns were blazin’ and the can-
nons used to roar. 
His eyes turn a little misty, and his heart be-
gins to glow, 
And he takes his hat off slowly to those men 
of the Alamo, 
To the 13 days of glory at the siege of the 
Alamo. 
And that is just the way it is. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
f 
AUTUMN GADOUA 
(Mr. YOUNG of Iowa asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today to speak about a very spe-cial seventh-grader from Hamburg, Iowa, in Fremont County, located in the Third Congressional District, which I represent. 
Autumn Gadoua is the statewide win-
ner in the Iowa League of Cities’ Fifth Annual ‘‘If I Were Mayor’’ contest. This annual essay contest allows stu-dents to form and express ideas regard-ing citizenship and leadership. Autumn and the other district winners are being recognized at a ceremony at the Iowa State Capitol building in Des Moines. 
In her essay, Autumn wrote that, if 
she were mayor of her hometown, she would pursue policies that would pre-serve the town’s history and the histor-ical brick buildings for current and new businesses. She notes that this policy would connect the past to the present and would promote growth for 
the future. 
Mayor Gadoua would also work for 
opportunities to help businesses thrive, bring new businesses and families to the town, promote green solutions, re-cycling, and support police officers and firefighters to keep them and the citi-zens of the community safe. 
Autumn concluded her essay by say-
ing: 
I would visit the school in my community 
to teach children the responsibilities of a mayor and give examples of good citizenship. To help children grow and learn, I would es-tablish an afterschool youth club. Being mayor is a big responsibility but one that is rewarding and important to me. 
I applaud and congratulate Autumn 
for her award-winning essay and for proving that the next generation of leaders in Iowa and this Nation is al-ready preparing for its time of service. 
I am proud to represent Autumn and 
her family and her teachers and fellow students in the United States Congress. I know that my colleagues join me in congratulating Autumn Gadoua and in wishing her continued success in the future. 
f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE 
By unanimous consent, leave of ab-
sence was granted to: 
Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois (at the 
request of Ms. P ELOSI ) for today. 
Mr. H INOJOSA (at the request of Ms. 
PELOSI ) for today to March 6. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I 
move that the House do now adjourn. 
The motion was agreed to; accord-
ingly (at 8 o’clock and 41 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Wednesday, February 25, 2015, at 10 a.m. for morning-hour debate. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, 
ETC. 
Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
515. A letter from the Under Secretary, Ac-
quisition, Technology and Logistics, Depart-ment of Defense, transmitting the Depart-ment’s report to Congress on Fiscal Year 2016 Staff Years of Technical Effort and Esti-mated Funding for Department of Defense Federally Funded Research and Development Centers, pursuant to Public Law 113-235, Div. C section 8024(e); to the Committee on Armed Services. 
516. A letter from the Assistant Secretary 
for Communications and Information, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting a re-port on the Transition of the Stewardship of the Internet Assigned Numbers Authority (IANA) Functions through January 31, 2015, pursuant to Public Law 113-235; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
517. A letter from the Director, Regulatory 
Management Division, Environmental Pro-tection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s Direct final rule — Approval and Promulga-tion of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Il-linois; VOM Definition [EPA-R05-OAR-2014- 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:55 Feb 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24FE7.043 H24FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1112 February 24, 2015 
0504; FRL-9921-44-Region 5] received Feb-
ruary 18, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
518. A letter from the Director, Regulatory 
Management Division, Environmental Pro-tection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Implementation Plans; Attainment Redesig-nation for Missouri Portion of the St. Louis MO-IL Area; 1997 8-Hour Ozone Standard and Associated Maintenance Plan [EPA-R07- OAR-2014-0900; FRL-9923-14-Region 7] re-ceived February 18, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
519. A letter from the Director, Regulatory 
Management Division, Environmental Pro-tection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s Direct final rule — Approval and Promulga-tion of Implementation Plans; Texas; Emis-sions Inventories for the Dallas-Fort Worth and Houston-Galveston-Brazoria Ozone Non-attainment Areas [EPA-R06-OAR-2014-0554; FRL-9923-19-Region 6] received February 18, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
520. A letter from the Director, Regulatory 
Management Division, Environmental Pro-tection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s Direct final rule — Approval and Promulga-tion of Implementation Plans; Texas; Revi-sion to Control of Air Pollution from Vola-tile Organic Compounds; Alternative Leak Detection and Repair Work Practice [EPA- R06-OAR-2010-0611; FRL-9923-24-Region 6] re-ceived February 18, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
521. A letter from the Director, Regulatory 
Management Division, Environmental Pro-tection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s final rule — Bacillus subtilis strain IAB/ BS03; Exemption from the Requirement of a Tolerance [EPA-HQ-OPP-2013-0574; FRL-9920- 62] received February 18, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 
522. A letter from the Director, Regulatory 
Management Division, Environmental Pro-tection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s final rule — Dimethenamid; Pesticide Toler-ances [EPA-HQ-OPP-2013-0670; FRL-9922-08] received February 18, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 
523. A letter from the Director, Regulatory 
Management Division, Environmental Pro-tection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s final rule — Fomesafen; Pesticide Tolerance [EPA-HQ-OPP-2012-0589; FRL-9922-82] re-ceived February 18, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
524. A letter from the Director, Regulatory 
Management Division, Environmental Pro-tection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s Direct final rule — New Source Performance Standards and National Emission Standards for Hazardous Air Pollutants; Delegation of Authority to Albuquerque-Bernalillo County Air Quality Control Board [EPA-R06-OAR- 2007-1205; FRL-9923-05-Region 6] received Feb-ruary 18, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
525. A letter from the Director, Regulatory 
Management Division, Environmental Pro-tection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s final rule — Revisions to the Air Emissions Reporting Requirements: Revisions to Lead (Pb) Reporting Threshold and Clarifications to Technical Reporting Details [EPA-HQ- OAR-2004-0489; FRL-9922-27-OAR] (RIN: 2060- AR29) received February 18, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
526. A letter from the Director, Regulatory 
Management Division, Environmental Pro-tection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s 
final rule — Temporary Exemption from the Requirement of a Tolerance [EPA-HQ-OPP- 2014-0457; FRL-9922-53] received February 18, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
527. A letter from the Federal Register Li-
aison Officer, Census Bureau, Department of Commerce, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Foreign Trade Regulations (FTR): Clarification on Uses of Electronic Export Information [Docket No.: 140626542- 4999-02] (RIN: 0607-AA52) received February 18, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
528. A letter from the Assistant Legal Ad-
viser, Office of Treaty Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a report concerning international agreements other than trea-ties, entered into by the United States, to be transmitted to the Congress within the sixty-day period specified in the Case-Za-blocki Act, pursuant to 1 U.S.C. 112b; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
529. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-
ment of the Treasury, transmitting as re-quired by section 401(c) of the National Emergencies Act, 50 U.S.C. 1641(c), section 204(c) of the International Emergency Eco-nomic Powers Act, 50 U.S.C. 1703(c), and sec-tion 505(c) of the International Security and Development Cooperation Act of 1985, 22 U.S.C. 2349aa-9(c), and pursuant to Executive Order 13313 of July 31, 2003, a six-month peri-odic report on the national emergency with respect to Iran that was declared in Execu-tive Order 12957 of March 15, 1995; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
530. A communication from the President 
of the United States, transmitting notifica-tion that the national emergency with re-spect to Libya, that was declared in Execu-tive Order 13566 of February 25, 2011, is to continue in effect beyond February 25, 2015, pursuant to 50 U.S.C. 1622(d); (H. Doc. No. 114—11); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs and ordered to be printed. 
531. A letter from the Assistant Director, 
Senior Executive Management Office, De-partment of Defense, transmitting two re-ports pursuant to the Federal Vacancies Re-form Act of 1998; to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform. 
532. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-
fice of Sustainable Fisheries, National Oce-anic and Atmospheric Administration, trans-mitting the Administration’s temporary rule — Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Inseason Adjustment to the 2015 Gulf of Alaska Pollock and Pacific Cod Total Allowable Catch Amounts [Docket No.: 130925836-4174-02] (RIN: 0648-XD688) received February 20, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
533. A letter from the Deputy Assistant Ad-
ministrator for Regulatory Programs, NMFS, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Southeast Region, National Oceanic and At-mospheric Administration, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Framework Action To Modify the Commercial Annual Catch Limit/Annual Catch Target Regula-tions for Three Individual Fishing Quota Species Complexes [Docket No.: 140828724- 4992-02] (RIN: 0648-BE23) received February 20, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
534. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-
fice of Sustainable Fisheries, National Oce-anic and Atmospheric Administration, trans-mitting the Administration’s temporary rule — Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Summer Flounder Fishery; Quota Transfer [Docket No.: 121009528-2729-02] (RIN: 0648-XD656) received February 20, 2015, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 535. A letter from the Deputy Assistant Ad-
ministrator for Regulatory Programs, NMFS, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, High-ly Migratory Species, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Atlantic Highly Migratory Species; Transshipment, Port Inspection, and Vessel Identification [Docket No.: 140324263-4990-02] (RIN: 0648- BE12) received February 20, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on 
Natural Resources. 
536. A letter from the Director, Office of 
Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, National Oce-anic and Atmospheric Administration, trans-mitting the Department’s notice — Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; 2015 Sum-mer Flounder, Scup, and Black Sea Speci-fications and 2015 Commercial Summer Flounder Quota Adjustments [Docket No.: 140117052-4402-02] (RIN: 0648-XD651) received February 20, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of 
committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. UPTON: Committee on Energy and 
Commerce. H.R. 212. A bill to amend the Safe Drinking Water Act to provide for the as-sessment and management of the risk of cyanotoxins in drinking water, and for other purposes, with amendments (Rept. 114–26). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. UPTON: Committee on Energy and 
Commerce. H.R. 734. A bill to amend the Communications Act of 1934 to consolidate the reporting obligations of the Federal Communications Commission in order to im-prove congressional oversight and reduce re-porting burdens (Rept. 114–27). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. WOODALL: Committee on Rules. 
House Resolution 121. Resolution providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 529) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to improve 529 plans; providing for consider-ation of the bill (H.R. 5) to support State and local accountability for public education, protect State and local authority, inform parents of the performance of their chil-dren’s schools, and for other purposes; and for other purposes (Rept. 114–28). Referred to the House Calendar. 
f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XII, public 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. BRADY of Texas (for himself, 
Mr. M CDERMOTT , Mr. L EVIN, Mr. R AN-
GEL, Mr. L EWIS, Mr. N EAL, Mr. S AM 
JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. D OGGETT , Mr. 
BLUMENAUER , Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of 
Illinois, Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. T IBERI , 
Mr. N UNES , Ms. L INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of 
California, Mr. B OUSTANY , Mr. 
REICHERT , Mr. B UCHANAN , Mr. R OS-
KAM, Mr. S MITH of Nebraska, Mr. 
REED, Mrs. B LACK , Mr. K ELLY of 
Pennsylvania, Mr. R ENACCI , Mr. M EE-
HAN, Mr. Y OUNG of Indiana, Mr. H OLD-
ING, and Mr. C ARNEY ): 
H.R. 1021. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to improve the integrity of the Medicare program, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Ways and Means, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:06 Feb 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L24FE7.000 H24FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1113 February 24, 2015 
and in addition to the Committee on Energy 
and Commerce, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee 
concerned. 
By Mr. WALKER (for himself and Mr. 
M
CCAUL): 
H.R. 1022. A bill to amend the Homeland 
Security Act of 2002 to authorize the use of Urban Area Security Initiative and State Homeland Security Grant Program funding to counter violent extremism; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security. 
By Mr. CHABOT (for himself, Mr. B
OST, 
Mr. C OLLINS of New York, Mrs. 
ELLMERS of North Carolina, Mr. 
HANNA , Mr. K NIGHT , Mr. L UETKE -
MEYER , Mr. C ICILLINE , and Ms. J UDY 
CHUof California): 
H.R. 1023. A bill to amend the Small Busi-
ness Investment Act of 1958 to provide for in-creased limitations on leverage for multiple licenses under common control; to the Com-mittee on Small Business. 
By Mr. BEYER (for himself, Mr. W
ITT-
MAN, Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, 
Ms. N ORTON , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. 
RIGELL , Mr. D ELANEY , Mrs. C OM-
STOCK , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Mr. H OYER , 
Mr. L YNCH , and Ms. E DWARDS ): 
H.R. 1024. A bill to provide for the com-
pensation of furloughed Department of Homeland Security employees in the event of a lapse in Department of Homeland Secu-rity appropriations, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. 
By Mr. M
CDERMOTT (for himself, Ms. 
DELBENE, Mr. M CGOVERN , Ms. 
MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New 
Mexico, and Ms. J ACKSON LEE): 
H.R. 1025. A bill to amend the Food and Nu-
trition Act of 2008 to modify the exception to the work requirement; to the Committee on Agriculture. 
By Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania (for 
himself and Mr. B
OUSTANY ): 
H.R. 1026. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to permit the release of in-formation regarding the status of certain in-vestigations; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. VAN HOLLEN (for himself, Mr. 
B
EYER , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. 
LOWENTHAL , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. B LU-
MENAUER , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. G RIJALVA , 
Mr. W ELCH , Mr. R ANGEL , Ms. L OF-
GREN , Mr. S CHIFF , Mrs. N APOLITANO , 
Mr. H ONDA , Mr. C ONYERS , Ms. L EE, 
and Mr. D ESAULNIER ): 
H.R. 1027. A bill to cap the emissions of 
greenhouse gases through a requirement to purchase carbon permits, to distribute the proceeds of such purchases to eligible indi-viduals, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce, and in ad-dition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. PEARCE (for himself and Mr. 
Y
OUNG of Alaska): 
H.R. 1028. A bill to provide for the imple-
mentation of the negotiated property divi-sion regarding Former Fort Wingate Depot Activity in McKinley County, New Mexico, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
By Mr. LUCAS (for himself, Mr. P
ETER -
SON, Mr. S TEWART , Mr. H ARRIS , Mr. 
SMITH of Texas, Mr. B RIDENSTINE , Mr. 
NEUGEBAUER , Mr. P ALAZZO , Mr. 
BROOKS of Alabama, Mr. H ULTGREN , 
Mr. W EBER of Texas, Mr. B ABIN, Mrs. 
COMSTOCK , Mr. N EWHOUSE , Mrs. L UM-
MIS, Mr. S CHWEIKERT , Mr. C RAMER , Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, 
Mr. P EARCE , Mr. F ARENTHOLD , Mr. 
GOSAR , and Mr. C RAWFORD ): 
H.R. 1029. A bill to amend the Environ-
mental Research, Development, and Dem-onstration Authorization Act of 1978 to pro-vide for Scientific Advisory Board member qualifications, public participation, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. 
By Mr. SMITH of Texas (for himself, 
Mr. S
CHWEIKERT , Mr. L UCAS , Mr. 
BRIDENSTINE , Mr. W ESTERMAN , Mr. 
NEUGEBAUER , Mr. P ALAZZO , Mr. 
BROOKS of Alabama, Mr. H ULTGREN , 
Mr. W EBER of Texas, Mr. B ABIN, Mrs. 
COMSTOCK , Mr. N EWHOUSE , Mr. H AR-
RIS, Mrs. L UMMIS , Mr. C RAMER , Mr. 
SESSIONS , Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, Mr. 
FARENTHOLD , Mr. G OSAR , Mr. P EARCE , 
and Mr. C RAWFORD ): 
H.R. 1030. A bill to prohibit the Environ-
mental Protection Agency from proposing, finalizing, or disseminating regulations or assessments based upon science that is not transparent or reproducible; to the Com-mittee on Science, Space, and Technology. 
By Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California 
(for herself, Mr. H
ECKof Washington, 
Ms. M OORE , and Mr. H OYER ): 
H.R. 1031. A bill to reauthorize the Export- 
Import Bank of the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finan-cial Services. 
By Mr. ASHFORD (for himself, Mr. 
P
ETERS , Ms. G RAHAM , and Mr. B ERA): 
H.R. 1032. A bill to withhold the pay of 
Members of Congress in the event of a shut-down of the Department of Homeland Secu-rity; to the Committee on House Administra-tion. 
By Mrs. BEATTY (for herself, Mr. 
R
YANof Ohio, Mr. R ANGEL , Ms. N OR-
TON, Ms. K APTUR , Mr. S TIVERS , Ms. 
FUDGE , and Mr. J OYCE ): 
H.R. 1033. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
the Interior to conduct a special resource study to determine the suitability and feasi-bility of establishing the John P. Parker House in Ripley, Ohio, as a unit of the Na-tional Park System; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
By Mr. BROOKS of Alabama (for him-
self, Mr. S
ESSIONS , Mr. J ONES , Mr. 
RIBBLE , and Mr. Z INKE): 
H.R. 1034. A bill to provide for an account-
ing of total United States contributions to the United Nations; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
By Mrs. CAPPS (for herself and Mr. 
M
EEHAN ): 
H.R. 1035. A bill to amend chapter 81 of 
title 5, United States Code, to create a pre-sumption that a disability or death of a Fed-eral employee in fire protection activities caused by any of certain diseases is the re-sult of the performance of such employee’s duty; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mr. CAPUANO: 
H.R. 1036. A bill to provide for the repay-
ment of amounts borrowed by Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac from the Treasury of the United States, together with interest, over a 30-year period, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
By Mr. CICILLINE (for himself and Mr. 
R
IGELL ): 
H.R. 1037. A bill to require all Members, of-
ficers, and employees of the House of Rep-resentatives to complete annual ethics train-ing, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on House Administration. 
By Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania: 
H.R. 1038. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to require the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs to retain a copy of any rep-rimand or admonishment received by an em-ployee of the Department in the permanent 
record of the employee; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
By Mr. HASTINGS (for himself, Mr. 
J
OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. R ANGEL , Ms. 
NORTON , Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. P AYNE , 
Ms. J ACKSON LEE, and Mr. S ERRANO ): 
H.R. 1039. A bill to provide for the estab-
lishment of a global affairs strategy and as-sistance for people of African descent, and for other purposes; to the Committee on For-eign Affairs. 
By Mr. BURGESS: 
H.R. 1040. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to provide taxpayers a flat tax alternative to the current income tax system; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Rules, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. JONES: 
H.R. 1041. A bill to make payments by the 
Department of Homeland Security to a State contingent on a State providing the Federal Bureau of Investigation with certain statis-tics, to require Federal agencies, depart-ments, and courts to provide such statistics to the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and to require the Federal Bureau of Investiga-tion to publish such statistics; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Homeland Security, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. KILDEE: 
H.R. 1042. A bill to amend the Elementary 
and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to im-prove 21st Century Community Learning Centers; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mr. KIND (for himself, Mr. R
ICH-
MOND , Mr. L IPINSKI , Ms. P INGREE , Mr. 
WALZ, and Mr. S EANPATRICK MALO-
NEYof New York): 
H.R. 1043. A bill to establish the Railroad 
Emergency Services Preparedness, Oper-ational Needs, and Safety Evaluation (RE-SPONSE) Subcommittee under the Federal Emergency Management Agency’s National Advisory Council to provide recommenda-tions on emergency responder training and resources relating to hazardous materials in-cidents involving railroads, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
By Mr. MULVANEY: 
H.R. 1044. A bill to amend the Clean Air 
Act to modify the application of certain pro-visions regarding the inclusion of entire metropolitan statistical areas within non-attainment areas, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Ms. NORTON: 
H.R. 1045. A bill to assign the responsi-
bility for conducting prosecutions for viola-tions of the laws of the District of Columbia to the head of a local prosecutor’s office des-ignated under local law of the District of Co-lumbia; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
By Ms. NORTON (for herself, Mr. 
B
EYER , and Mr. C ONNOLLY ): 
H.R. 1046. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to make permanent the rule providing parity for the exclusion from income for employer-provided mass transit and parking benefits; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. PETERS (for himself, Mr. C
ON-
NOLLY , Mr. K ILMER , and Mr. M CNER-
NEY): 
H.R. 1047. A bill to authorize private non-
profit organizations to administer perma-nent housing rental assistance provided 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:06 Feb 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L24FE7.100 H24FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1114 February 24, 2015 
through the Continuum of Care Program 
under the McKinney-Vento Homeless Assist-ance Act, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
By Mr. RENACCI (for himself and Mr. 
H
IMES): 
H.R. 1048. A bill to clarify that funding for 
the standard setting body designated pursu-
ant to section 19(b) of the Securities Act of 1933 is not subject to the sequester; to the Committee on the Budget. 
By Mr. RENACCI (for himself and Mr. 
H
IMES): 
H.R. 1049. A bill to clarify that funding for 
the Securities Investor Protection Corpora-tion is not subject to the sequester; to the Committee on the Budget. 
By Mr. RENACCI (for himself and Mr. 
H
IMES): 
H.R. 1050. A bill to clarify that funding for 
the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board is not subject to the sequester; to the Committee on the Budget. 
By Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ of Cali-
fornia (for herself, Mr. R
OHRABACHER , 
and Mrs. M IMI WALTERS of Cali-
fornia): 
H.R. 1051. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
Homeland Security to designate John Wayne Airport in Orange County, California, as a U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP) port of entry, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addi-tion to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. SCHRADER (for himself, Ms. 
B
ONAMICI , Mr. B LUMENAUER , and Mr. 
DEFAZIO): 
H.R. 1052. A bill to amend the Wild and 
Scenic Rivers Act to designate segments of the Molalla River in the State of Oregon as components of the National Wild and Scenic Rivers System, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
By Mr. SIRES: 
H.R. 1053. A bill to establish a regulatory 
framework for the comprehensive protection of personal data for individuals under the aegis of the Federal Trade Commission, to amend the Children’s Online Privacy Protec-tion Act of 1998 to improve provisions relat-ing to collection, use, and disclosure of per-sonal information of children, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. YOHO (for himself, Mr. M
ASSIE , 
Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. G IBSON , Mr. 
FRANKS of Arizona, Mr. S TUTZMAN , 
Mrs. B USTOS , Mr. M ULVANEY , Ms. 
SINEMA , Mr. B ABIN, Mr. C LAWSON of 
Florida, Ms. G RAHAM , Mr. R IBBLE , 
and Mr. J ONES ): 
H.R. 1054. A bill to amend title 5, United 
States Code, to extend the basis for the de-nial of retirement credit, for service as a Member of Congress, to include conviction of any felony under Federal or State law, and for other purposes; to the Committee on House Administration, and in addition to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, for a period to be subsequently de-termined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. 
By Mr. CONAWAY (for himself, Mr. 
G
ENEGREEN of Texas, Mr. W ALBERG , 
Mr. H UDSON , Mr. C HABOT , Mr. D ENT, 
Mr. P OMPEO , Mr. L ONG, Mr. W HIT-
FIELD , Mr. H URT of Virginia, Mr. 
CRAMER , Mr. F ARENTHOLD , Mr. Y OUNG  
of Alaska, Mr. T URNER , Mr. S AR-
BANES , Mr. C ALVERT , Mr. N EUGE -
BAUER , Mr. S ALMON , Mr. L AMALFA , 
Mr. G IBBS, Mr. M CKINLEY , Mr. R OYCE , Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. R YAN of Ohio, 
Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. S CHRADER , Mr. 
LOEBSACK , Mr. L UETKEMEYER , Mr. 
FORTENBERRY , Mr. W ILSON of South 
Carolina, Mr. P OEof Texas, Mr. 
THOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Mr. R OSS, 
Mr. C RENSHAW , Mr. L ANCE , Mr. D AVID 
SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. C OOK, Mr. J OR-
DAN, Mr. B ENISHEK , Mr. K LINE, Mr. 
CRAWFORD , Mr. K INZINGER of Illinois, 
Mrs. E LLMERS of North Carolina, Mr. 
ABRAHAM , Mr. R YAN of Wisconsin, 
Mr. R OGERS of Kentucky, Mr. B AR-
TON, Ms. K USTER , Mr. Y ODER , Mr. 
HARRIS , Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, 
Mr. M ESSER , Mr. K IND, Ms. K APTUR , 
Mr. K EATING , Mr. F LORES , Ms. W IL-
SON of Florida, Mr. H INOJOSA , Mr. 
VEASEY , Mr. T IBERI , Mr. R ENACCI , Mr. 
BUTTERFIELD , Mr. H URDof Texas, Mr. 
HASTINGS , Mr. G IBSON , Mr. C OFFMAN , 
Mr. J OLLY , Mr. C APUANO , Mr. B YRNE , 
Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Mr. R OGERS of Ala-
bama, Mr. M ASSIE , Mr. L YNCH , Mr. 
BILIRAKIS , Mr. V ISCLOSKY , Mr. R OS-
KAM, Ms. G RANGER , Mr. W OMACK , Mr. 
COLLINS of New York, Mr. F RELING -
HUYSEN , Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, Mrs. 
HARTZLER , Ms. F OXX, Mr. S ESSIONS , 
Mr. D UNCAN of Tennessee, Mr. C OURT -
NEY, Mr. R OKITA , Mr. C OLE, Mr. 
JOYCE , Mr. H ULTGREN , Mr. G OSAR , 
Mr. M ULVANEY , Mr. W ALDEN , and Mr. 
MULLIN ): 
H. Con. Res. 17. Concurrent resolution sup-
porting the Local Radio Freedom Act; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia (for 
himself, Ms. E
STY, Mr. B ISHOP of 
Georgia, Mr. E LLISON , Ms. M OORE , 
Ms. B ROWN of Florida, Mr. H ASTINGS , 
Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Ms. N ORTON , 
Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. J UDYCHUof Cali-
fornia, Mr. M EEKS , Ms. P LASKETT , 
Mr. M CGOVERN , Ms. C LARKE of New 
York, Mr. R USH, Mr. F ATTAH , Mr. 
JEFFRIES , Ms. M ENG, Mr. C OURTNEY , 
Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. R ANGEL , 
Ms. A DAMS , and Mr. S EAN PATRICK  
MALONEY of New York): 
H. Con. Res. 18. Concurrent resolution ex-
pressing the sense of Congress that the United States Postal Service should issue a commemorative postage stamp honoring civil rights workers Andrew Goodman, James Chaney, and Michael Schwerner, and the ‘‘Freedom Summer’’ of 1964, and that the Citizens’ Stamp Advisory Committee should recommend to the Postmaster General that such a stamp be issued; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
By Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia (for him-
self, Mr. H
ASTINGS , Mr. L EWIS, Mr. 
RANGEL , Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. M EEKS , 
Mr. G RAYSON , Ms. B ASS, Ms. N ORTON , 
Mr. C UMMINGS , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. 
PAYNE , Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. S ERRANO , 
Mr. M CGOVERN , and Mr. A LGREEN of 
Texas): 
H. Res. 120. A resolution supporting the 
goals and ideals of the designation of Janu-ary 1, 2015, to December 31, 2024, as the ‘‘International Decade for People of African Descent‘‘; to the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs. 
By Mr. FITZPATRICK (for himself, Ms. 
K
APTUR , Mr. L EVIN, Mr. C OSTELLO of 
Pennsylvania, Mr. R USH, and Mr. 
BILIRAKIS ): 
H. Res. 122. A resolution providing assist-
ance to Ukraine for fulfillment of the eco-nomic, social, and government reform re-quirements necessary for membership eligi-bility to the European Union, in keeping with the will of a majority of the people of Ukraine and their Government; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. 
By Mr. HASTINGS (for himself, Mr. 
T
AKAI, Ms. N ORTON , Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. M EEKS , Mr. K ILMER , Mr. R ANGEL , 
Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. W ELCH , Mr. 
DEUTCH , Ms. S EWELL of Alabama, Mr. 
BRADY of Pennsylvania, Ms. W ILSON  
of Florida, Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, 
Mr. M URPHY of Florida, Ms. M AXINE  
WATERS of California, Ms. 
WASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mrs. B USTOS , 
Mr. V ARGAS , Ms. J UDY CHUof Cali-
fornia, Ms. K APTUR , Ms. M OORE , Mr. 
CARSON of Indiana, Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. 
HONDA , Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. L EVIN, 
Mr. S MITH of Washington, Mr. A L 
GREEN of Texas, Mr. S COTT of Vir-
ginia, Ms. B ROWN of Florida, Mr. 
CUMMINGS , Ms. F UDGE , Mr. C OHEN , 
Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. Y ARMUTH , and 
Ms. C ASTOR of Florida): 
H. Res. 123. A resolution expressing support 
for designation of August 6 as National Vot-ing Rights Day; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. 
f 
MEMORIALS 
Under clause 3 of rule XII, memorials 
were presented and referred as follows: 
Memorial number 7 was skipped in error. 
8. The SPEAKER presented a memorial of 
the House of Representatives of the State of Ohio, relative to House Concurrent Resolu-tion No. 54, urging the Congress to continue the full funding and production of the F-35; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
9. Also, a memorial of the House of Rep-
resentatives of the State of Ohio, relative to House Concurrent Resolution No. 54, urging the Congress to continue the full funding and production of the F-35; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
10. Also, a memorial of the House of Rep-
resentatives of the State of Ohio, relative to House Resolution No. 283, urging the Con-gress and the Department of Defense to pro-tect and uphold the religious and free speech rights of military service members; jointly to the Committees on Armed Services and Veterans’ Affairs. 
f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY 
STATEMENT 
Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of 
the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. BRADY of Texas: 
H.R. 1021. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The constitutional authority on which this 
bill rests is the power of Congress to make rules for the government and regulation of the land and naval forces, as enumerated in Article I, Section 8, Clause 14 of the United States Constitution. 
By Mr. WALKER: 
H.R. 1022. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I Section 8, Clause 1; Article I, Sec-
tion 8, Clause 18 of the Constitution of the United States 
By Mr. CHABOT: 
H.R. 1023. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United 
States Constitution 
By Mr. BEYER: 
H.R. 1024. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:20 Jul 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\H24FE5.REC H24FE5bjneal on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1115 February 24, 2015 
clause 7 of section 9 of article I of the Con-
stitution of the United States (the appro-priation power) 
By Mr. M
CDERMOTT: 
H.R. 1025. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, 1, Section 8, Clause 1 
By Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania: 
H.R. 1026. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article I of the 
United States Constitution. 
By Mr. VAN HOLLEN: 
H.R. 1027. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
‘‘This bill is enacted pursuant to Article I, 
Section 8 of the United States Constitution.’’ 
By Mr. PEARCE: 
H.R. 1028. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the Con-
stitution of the United States grants Con-gress the power to enact this law. 
By Mr. LUCAS: 
H.R. 1029. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: The Congress shall have power to regulate 
commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with Indian tribes. 
and Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: The Congress shall have power to make all 
laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Power vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department of Officer thereof. 
By Mr. SMITH of Texas: 
H.R. 1030. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: 
The Congress shall have power to regulate 
commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with Indian tribes. 
and Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: The Congress shall have power to make all 
laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Power vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department of Officer thereof. 
By Ms. MAXINE WATERS of Cali-
fornia: 
H.R. 1031. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 
By Mr. ASHFORD: 
H.R. 1032. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 6 of the Constitutation of 
the United States of America 
By Mrs. BEATTY: 
H.R. 1033. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This bill is enacted pursuant to the power 
granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution. 
By Mr. BROOKS of Alabama: 
H.R. 1034. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: The Congress shall have power to regulate commerce with foreign na-tions, and among the several states, and with 
the Indian tribes; and Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: The Congress shall have power to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the fore-going Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Offi-cer thereof. 
By Mrs. CAPPS: 
H.R. 1035. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United 
States Constitution. 
By Mr. CAPUANO: 
H.R. 1036. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, section 8, clause 1 (relating to 
the general welfare of the United States); and Article I, section 8, clause 3 (relating to the power to regulate interstate commerce). 
By Mr. CICILLINE: 
H.R. 1037. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution of 
the United States. 
By Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania: 
H.R. 1038. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution. 
By Mr. HASTINGS: 
H.R. 1039. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
U.S. Const. Art. I, §8 
By Mr. BURGESS: 
H.R. 1040. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The attached bill falls within Congress’ 
constitutionally enumerated power to enact legislation pertaining to an income tax pur-suant to Article I, Section VIII, ‘‘The Con-gress shall have power to lay and collect Taxes.’’ 
Moreover, Congress was given the author-
ity to tax income at the federal level pursu-ant to Amendment XVI, ‘‘The Congress shall have power to lay and collect taxes on in-comes, from whatever source derived, with-out apportionment among the several states, and without regard to any census or enu-meration.’’ 
By Mr. JONES: 
H.R. 1041. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The constitutional authority of Congress 
to enact this legislation is provided by Arti-cle 4, section 4 of the United States Constitu-tion: The United States shall guarantee to every State in this Union a Republican Form of Government, and shall protect each of them against Invasion; and on Application of the Legislature, or of the Executive (when the Legislature cannot be convened) against domestic violence. 
By Mr. KILDEE: 
H.R. 1042. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
U.S. Constitution Article I, Section 8 
By Mr. KIND: 
H.R. 1043. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I Section 8. 
By Mr. MULVANEY: 
H.R. 1044. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1. ‘‘The Con-
gress shall have Power To. . .provide for the. . .general Welfare of the United 
States. . .’’ 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3. ‘‘To regulate 
Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes.’’ 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18. ‘‘To make 
all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Offi-cer thereof.’’ 
Because the federal government has ex-
tended Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 (the Commerce Clause) beyond its intended boundaries, it follows that efforts to rein in excessive federal government encroachment in this area can be justified by Article I, Sec-tion 8, Clause 3 and the other relevant con-stitutional authorities. 
By Ms. NORTON: 
H.R. 1045. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
clause 17 of section 8 of article I of the 
Constitution. 
By Ms. NORTON: 
H.R. 1046. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
clause 1 of section 8 of article I of the Con-
stitution. 
By Mr. PETERS: 
H.R. 1047. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution. 
By Mr. RENACCI: 
H.R. 1048. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: The Con-
gress shall have Power to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for car-rying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by the Constitu-tion in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
Article 1, Section 9, Clause 7: No Money 
shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropriations made by Law; and a regular Statement and Account of the Receipts and Expenditures of all public Money shall be published from time to time. 
By Mr. RENACCI: 
H.R. 1049. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: The Con-
gress shall have Power to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for car-rying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by the Constitu-tion in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
Article 1, Section 9, Clause 7: No Money 
shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropriations made by Law; and a regular Statement and Account of the Receipts and Expenditures of all public Money shall be published from time to time. 
By Mr. RENACCI: 
H.R. 1050. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: The Con-
gress shall have Power to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for car-rying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by the Constitu-tion in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
Article 1, Section 9, Clause 7: No Money 
shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropriations made by Law; and a regular Statement and Account of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:06 Feb 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24FE7.020 H24FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1116 February 24, 2015 
Receipts and Expenditures of all public 
Money shall be published from time to time. 
By Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ of Cali-
fornia: 
H.R. 1051. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 4. 
By Mr. SCHRADER: 
H.R. 1052. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Congress has the authority to act under 
Article I, §8, clause 3—the Commerce Clause. 
By Mr. SIRES: 
H.R. 1053. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the 
Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statement is submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. YOHO: 
H.R. 1054. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 6 of the Constitution, 
which states that ‘‘The Senators and Rep-resentatives shall receive a Compensation for their Services, to be ascertained by Law, and paid out of the Treasury of the United States.’’ 
f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS 
Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors 
were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 24: Mr. C URBELO of Florida, Mr. 
BRIDENSTINE , Mr. C OFFMAN , Mr. L ABRADOR , 
Mr. L OEBSACK , Ms. R OS-LEHTINEN , Mr. S MITH 
of New Jersey, and Mr. T URNER . 
H.R. 132: Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio. 
H.R. 160: Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia. 
H.R. 167: Mr. W OMACK . 
H.R. 169: Mr. G UTHRIE . 
H.R. 178: Mr. S TIVERS . 
H.R. 187: Mr. C OFFMAN . 
H.R. 197: Mr. A SHFORD and Mrs. K IRK-
PATRICK . 
H.R. 204: Mr. W ILSON of South Carolina and 
Mr. F ORBES . 
H.R. 209: Mr. D EFAZIO. 
H.R. 231: Mr. R OSS, Mr. C URBELO of Florida, 
Mr. D EUTCH , Ms. W ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Ms. 
WILSON of Florida, Mr. J OLLY , Mr. C LAWSON  
of Florida, and Ms. F RANKEL of Florida. 
H.R. 232: Mr. L YNCH . 
H.R. 235: Mr. F OSTER , Mr. A BRAHAM , Mr. 
PEARCE , Mr. N UNES , Mr. L OEBSACK , Mrs. 
WAGNER , Mr. C RENSHAW , Mr. M CCAUL, Mr. 
LATTA , Mr. S HIMKUS , Mr. D IAZ-BALART , Mr. 
AMODEI , Mr. S IMPSON , Mr. I SRAEL , Mr. 
LANCE , Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. 
SENSENBRENNER , Ms. S INEMA , Mr. F LORES , 
Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, Ms. G RAHAM , Mr. 
CRAMER , Ms. K USTER , Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Mr. 
SCHRADER , Mrs. E LLMERS of North Carolina, 
Ms. S PEIER , Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Mr. 
POLIS, Mr. P OMPEO , and Mrs. B LACKBURN . 
H.R. 266: Mr. W ILSON of South Carolina. 
H.R. 270: Mr. W HITFIELD . 
H.R. 284: Mr. B LUM, Mr. R USH, Mr. B LU-
MENAUER , and Mr. L EWIS. 
H.R. 288: Mr. C ONNOLLY and Mr. O’R OURKE . 
H.R. 290: Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas. 
H.R. 292: Mr. S CHOCK , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. 
THOMPSON of California, Ms. K USTER , Mr. 
LANCE , and Mr. P RICE of North Carolina. 
H.R. 297: Mr. L OEBSACK , Mr. T AKANO , Mr. 
MCGOVERN , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. P ALLONE , 
Ms. P INGREE , Mr. T ONKO , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. 
CONYERS , Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. 
CAPUANO , Ms. M OORE , Ms. J UDYCHUof Cali-
fornia, Mr. G RIJALVA , and Ms. L EE. H.R. 314: Mr. M URPHY of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 333: Mr. C RAMER , Mr. T URNER , Ms. 
GRAHAM , and Mr. G RIJALVA . 
H.R. 344: Ms. J UDYCHUof California. 
H.R. 358: Mr. C OLE, Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALO-
NEYof New York, Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , and Mr. 
BISHOP of Georgia. 
H.R. 402: Mr. B RIDENSTINE , Mr. T URNER , 
Mr. H URTof Virginia, and Mr. C OFFMAN . 
H.R. 411: Mr. C ARSON of Indiana. 
H.R. 427: Mr. H ILL. 
H.R. 448: Mr. P RICE of North Carolina. 
H.R. 452: Mr. A SHFORD , Mr. Y OUNG of Alas-
ka, and Mr. C OLLINS of New York. 
H.R. 456: Mr. M CNERNEY , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, 
Mr. T EDLIEUof California, and Mrs. C OM-
STOCK . 
H.R. 461: Mr. G IBBS, Mrs. E LLMERS of North 
Carolina, Mrs. B USTOS , Mr. H UFFMAN , and 
Ms. G RANGER . 
H.R. 486: Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas. 
H.R. 495: Mr. T EDLIEUof California. 
H.R. 509: Ms. J UDY CHUof California and 
Ms. J ACKSON LEE. 
H.R. 512: Mr. T EDLIEUof California and 
Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 523: Ms. E SHOO . 
H.R. 540: Ms. S PEIER . 
H.R. 556: Mr. G UTHRIE . 
H.R. 565: Mr. S WALWELL of California. 
H.R. 572: Mr. L ATTA and Mr. N EWHOUSE . 
H.R. 577: Mr. T HORNBERRY , Mrs. C APPS , Mr. 
RUIZ, Mr. G OSAR , and Mr. S IMPSON . 
H.R. 578: Mr. M ILLER of Florida and Mr. 
HARDY . 
H.R. 581: Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. 
QUIGLEY , Mr. A LLEN , and Mr. H ANNA . 
H.R. 590: Ms. D EGETTE , Mr. I SRAEL , and Mr. 
GRIJALVA . 
H.R. 592: Mr. F ORBES , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Ms. 
FUDGE , and Ms. M ATSUI . 
H.R. 600: Mr. D EFAZIO and Mr. H ANNA . 
H.R. 602: Mr. M CKINLEY , Mr. F INCHER , Mr. 
SESSIONS , Mr. R ICHMOND , Mr. Buchanan, Ms. 
BROWN of Florida, and Mr. C OOPER . 
H.R. 604: Mr. D UNCAN of Tennessee. 
H.R. 607: Mr. T AKANO . 
H.R. 608: Mr. R ANGEL . 
H.R. 612: Mr. B RIDENSTINE and Mr. C ARTER  
of Texas. 
H.R. 613: Mr. L ANGEVIN . 
H.R. 622: Mr. E MMER of Minnesota. 
H.R. 624: Mr. L EWIS. 
H.R. 638: Mr. B LUM, Mr. D ELANEY , Mr. 
WESTERMAN , Mr. R IBBLE , and Mr. F RELING -
HUYSEN . 
H.R. 648: Mr. L EVIN. 
H.R. 650: Mr. L UCAS , Mr. S ALMON , Mr. H AR-
PER, Mr. P ALAZZO , and Mr. M ULVANEY . 
H.R. 653: Ms. N ORTON and Mr. C ONNOLLY . 
H.R. 658: Mr. C ICILLINE , Ms. G ABBARD , Ms. 
BROWNLEY of California, Mr. C OHEN , Mr. 
SWALWELL of California, Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. 
HIGGINS , Mr. M CGOVERN , and Mr. G RIJALVA . 
H.R. 662: Mrs. E LLMERS of North Carolina, 
Mr. G UTHRIE , Mr. W ILLIAMS , Mr. B ISHOP of 
Georgia, Mr. F ARENTHOLD , and Mr. L UETKE -
MEYER . 
H.R. 663: Ms. S TEFANIK , Mr. T HOMPSON of 
Pennsylvania, Mr. H ASTINGS , and Mr. K ELLY  
of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 664: Mr. J ONES . 
H.R. 667: Mr. M ASSIE , Ms. B ORDALLO , and 
Ms. P INGREE . 
H.R. 684: Ms. J UDYCHUof California. 
H.R. 685: Mr. P AULSEN and Mr. R OTHFUS . 
H.R. 699: Mr. D OGGETT and Mr. G ENEGREEN  
of Texas. 
H.R. 711: Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. O’R OURKE , Mr. 
FARENTHOLD , Mr. M CCAUL, and Mr. M ARCH -
ANT. 
H.R. 712: Mr. H UELSKAMP . 
H.R. 717: Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN and Mr. 
TEDLIEUof California. 
H.R. 718: Ms. J UDYCHUof California. 
H.R. 721: Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania, 
Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. 
WELCH , Mr. S EANPATRICK MALONEY of New 
York, and Mr. M ARINO . H.R. 722: Mr. H URTof Virginia. 
H.R. 742: Mr. O’R OURKE . 
H.R. 746: Mr. C A´RDENAS , Ms. G ABBARD , Ms. 
FRANKEL of Florida, Mr. G RIJALVA , and Mr. 
HONDA . 
H.R. 752: Mr. T AKANO and Ms. D UCKWORTH . 
H.R. 757: Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia. 
H.R. 767: Mr. F ARENTHOLD . 
H.R. 768: Mr. B EYER and Ms. W ILSON of 
Florida. 
H.R. 775: Mr. L IPINSKI , Mr. O’R OURKE , Mrs. 
MIMIWALTERS of California, Mr. P OCAN , Mr. 
GUTHRIE , Mr. I SRAEL , Mr. L EVIN and Mr. 
GRAVES of Missouri. 
H.R. 776: Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas and Mr. 
NUNES . 
H.R. 784: Ms. E SHOO . 
H.R. 793: Mr. F ORBES , Mr. L OEBSACK , and 
Mr. C OLLINS of Georgia. 
H.R. 800: Mr. C ICILLINE . 
H.R. 814: Mr. B OST, Mr. M ESSER , and Mr. 
NUGENT . 
H.R. 815: Ms. G RANGER , Mr. B ILIRAKIS , Mr. 
HARPER , and Mr. R OEof Tennessee. 
H.R. 816: Mr. B RADY of Texas, Mr. H URTof 
Virginia, Mr. C ARTER of Texas, Mr. F ORBES  
and Mr. B RIDENSTINE . 
H.R. 818: Mr. R OYCE and Ms. D UCKWORTH . 
H.R. 823: Ms. M ENG, Mr. P OLIS, and Mr. 
HONDA . 
H.R. 825: Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. Z ELDIN , Mr. 
COOK, Mr. F ARENTHOLD , Mr. W EBER of Texas, 
Mr. S CHWEIKERT , Mr. M EADOWS , Mr. G IBBS, 
Mr. B ABIN, Mr. M URPHY of Florida, Mrs. 
WALORSKI , Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, and Mr. 
AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia. 
H.R. 835: Mr. M URPHY of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 836: Mr. B UCHANAN , Mr. J OHNSON of 
Ohio, Mr. K INZINGER of Illinois, and Mr. 
WITTMAN . 
H.R. 845: Mr. Z INKE and Mr. S IMPSON . 
H.R. 846: Ms. F UDGE , Mrs. B EATTY , Ms. 
ESHOO , Mr. T HOMPSON of California, Mr. 
BERA, Mr. S CHIFF , Ms. H AHN, Ms. S PEIER , Mr. 
CONYERS , Ms. L EE, Mr. V ELA, Ms. L OFGREN , 
and Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ . 
H.R. 855: Mr. T URNER and Mr. H IGGINS . 
H.R. 863: Mr. C OLLINS of New York and Mr. 
AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia. 
H.R. 864: Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Mr. 
HIGGINS , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Ms. K USTER , Ms. 
SCHAKOWSKY , Ms. L EE, Mr. G RIJALVA , and 
Mr. R ANGEL . 
H.R. 868: Mr. M ASSIE , Mr. Z INKE, Mr. 
JOYCE , Mr. J ONES , Ms. E STY, Mr. R IBBLE , Ms. 
BROWNLEY of California, Ms. M ICHELLE  
LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. B LU-
MENAUER , Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. F ARENTHOLD , 
and Ms. B ORDALLO . 
H.R. 876: Mr. B LUMENAUER and Mr. R ANGEL . 
H.R. 880: Mrs. C OMSTOCK . 
H.R. 881: Mr. R OONEY of Florida, Mr. 
HUELSKAMP , and Mr. O LSON . 
H.R. 882: Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mex-
ico. 
H.R. 894: Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 900: Mrs. L OVE. 
H.R. 902: Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. C ONYERS , and 
Mr. G RIJALVA . 
H.R. 905: Mr. C OLLINS of New York. 
H.R. 911: Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. H UFFMAN , and 
Mr. H ONDA . 
H.R. 913: Ms. L EE, Mr. O’R OURKE , Mr. 
HUFFMAN , Mr. R USH, Mr. T AKANO , and Ms. 
BORDALLO . 
H.R. 915: Ms. D EGETTE . 
H.R. 920: Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. R ICHMOND , Ms. 
SCHAKOWSKY , Mr. C OLLINS of Georgia, and 
Ms. J ACKSON LEE. 
H.R. 921: Mr. G RAVES of Missouri. 
H.R. 923: Mr. H UELSKAMP , Mr. M ESSER , Mr. 
ZINKE, and Mr. W ILSON of South Carolina. 
H.R. 927: Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Ms. 
LEE, Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. C RENSHAW , and Ms. 
KUSTER . 
H.R. 928: Mr. G ROTHMAN , Mr. W ENSTRUP , 
and Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas. 
H.R. 931: Mr. E LLISON and Mr. G RIJALVA . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:06 Feb 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24FE7.023 H24FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1117 February 24, 2015 
H.R. 932: Mr. B EYER , Ms. B ONAMICI , Mr. 
MCGOVERN , and Mr. C ONYERS . 
H.R. 938: Ms. S CHAKOWSKY and Mr. B LU-
MENAUER . 
H.R. 954: Mr. F ORTENBERRY . 
H.R. 961: Mr. S CHOCK . 
H.R. 969: Mr. C APUANO , Mr. K ATKO , Ms. 
SCHAKOWSKY , Mr. R EICHERT , Mr. B ISHOP of 
Michigan, Mr. E NGEL , Ms. L INDA T. S A´NCHEZ  
of California, Mr. O’R OURKE , Mr. M CCAUL, 
Mr. M ESSER , Mr. K IND, Mr. L OBIONDO , Mr. 
GRAVES of Missouri, Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , Ms. 
MATSUI , Mr. H ARPER , Mr. C LAWSON of Flor-
ida, Mr. T AKANO , and Mr. T HOMPSON of Mis-
sissippi. 
H.R. 976: Mr. F LEMING . 
H.R. 977: Mr. L ONG, Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. 
HUELSKAMP , Mr. T IBERI , Ms. M OORE , and Ms. 
ROS-LEHTINEN . 
H.R. 978: Mr. F ARENTHOLD , Mr. H UIZENGA of 
Michigan, Mr. P ETERS , Ms. F OXX, Mr. 
FLEISCHMANN , Mr. F OSTER , Mr. B ISHOP of 
Georgia, Mr. T IPTON , Mr. R OGERS of Ala-
bama, Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. G UTHRIE , Mr. F LEM-
ING, Mr. B LUMENAUER , and Mr. C OLLINS of 
New York. 
H.R. 982: Mr. C LAYand Mr. E LLISON . 
H.R. 985: Mrs. E LLMERS of North Carolina. 
H.R. 993: Mr. R IBBLE and Mr. S CHIFF . H.R. 997: Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, Mr. 
PALAZZO , Mr. M CCLINTOCK , Mr. M ASSIE , Mr. 
ROGERS of Alabama, Mr. L AMBORN , Mr. 
ROHRABACHER , Mr. S ALMON , Mr. J OYCE , Mr. 
BROOKS of Alabama, and Mr. D UNCAN of 
South Carolina. 
H.R. 1002: Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, 
Ms. L INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of California, Mr. G IB-
SON, and Mr. R OSKAM . 
H.R. 1020: Mr. M CKINLEY and Ms. H ERRERA  
BEUTLER . 
H.J. Res. 9: Mr. S IMPSON . 
H.J. Res. 22: Mr. T HOMPSON of California 
and Mr. S WALWELL of California. 
H.J. Res. 29: Mrs. C OMSTOCK . 
H.J. Res. 32: Mr. F ORBES . 
H. Res. 12: Mr. L UETKEMEYER , Ms. L ORETTA  
SANCHEZ of California, Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of 
Illinois, Mr. L OEBSACK , Mr. G RAYSON , Ms. 
DEGETTE , Mr. R OYCE , Ms. H AHN, Mr. B ERA, 
and Mr. N ORCROSS . 
H. Res. 17: Mr. W EBSTER of Florida. 
H. Res. 28: Mr. L OEBSACK , Mr. M ICHAEL F. 
DOYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. G RAYSON , Ms. 
JUDYCHUof California, and Mr. H ANNA . 
H. Res. 54: Mr. V EASEY , Mr. K EATING , Ms. 
SLAUGHTER , Mr. V ISCLOSKY , Ms. J UDYCHUof 
California, Ms. D ELBENE, Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , Mr. G RIFFITH , Mr. M CNERNEY , Mr. W ELCH , 
Mr. P IERLUISI , and Ms. H AHN. 
H. Res. 56: Mr. C LAWSON of Florida and Mr. 
PIERLUISI . 
H. Res. 66: Ms. E STY. 
H. Res. 67: Ms. J UDYCHUof California and 
Mr. K ILMER . 
H. Res. 89: Ms. G ABBARD , Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. 
MCGOVERN , Mr. M EEKS , Mr. M CDERMOTT , and 
Mr. R ANGEL . 
H. Res. 94: Ms. J UDYCHUof California, Ms. 
HAHN, Mr. H ONDA , Mr. T EDLIEUof Cali-
fornia, Mr. M EEKS , Ms. S PEIER , and Mr. 
TAKAI. 
H. Res. 108: Mrs. B LACKBURN , Mr. G IBSON , 
and Mrs. E LLMERS of North Carolina. 
H. Res. 109: Mr. H ONDA , Mr. M CCAUL, and 
Mr. M CKINLEY . 
H. Res. 112: Mr. H ANNA and Mr. G RAVES of 
Missouri. 
H. Res. 114: Ms. M OORE . 
H. Res. 115: Mrs. N APOLITANO and Mr. 
SCOTT of Virginia. 
H. Res. 116: Mrs. N APOLITANO . 
H. Res. 117: Mr. D UFFY , Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. 
RANGEL , Mr. S MITH of Washington, and Ms. 
CLARK of Massachusetts. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:06 Feb 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24FE7.018 H24FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S1037 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 24, 2015 No. 31 
Senate 
The Senate met at 10 a.m. and was 
called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The 
Reverend Randy Cash, the American Legion’s national chaplain, from Lincolnton, NC, will lead the Senate in prayer. 
The guest chaplain offered the fol-
lowing prayer: 
Let us pray. Almighty and Everlasting God, in 
whose Name we trust and pray, it is fit-ting to pause, if but momentarily, to recognize You, the One in whom does finally reside all authority and power and by whose grace we are allowed to exercise that which You have com-mitted to us. Accept our homage, O Lord, and hear us when we pray for wisdom to lead with integrity, compas-sion, and vision. 
We are mindful that around the 
world today our soldiers, sailors, air-men, marines, and coastguardsmen are standing watch to safeguard our peace and liberty. Grant to all who serve, and their families, Your blessings. Accept, O Lord, these prayers and may we per-ceive and know what things to do, and receive grace and power to fulfill what is expected of us. We commit our best efforts and our Nation to Your keeping. Amen. 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. 
Thank you, Reverend Cash. We are grateful to have you here, and for your service. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The President pro tempore led the 
Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C OT-
TON). The Senator from North Carolina. WELCOMING THE GUEST 
CHAPLAIN 
Mr. BURR. Mr. President, I want to 
take 60 seconds before the two leaders speak to welcome a North Carolinian, Randy Cash, who was appointed the na-tional chaplain of the American Legion on August 28, 2014, at their annual con-vention in Charlotte, which I attended, as well as the President. 
Randy is a native of North Carolina. 
He spent part of his life in Myrtle Beach, SC, but he attended a number of schools throughout the region. He was commissioned as a Navy chaplain in 1980 and he entered Active Service in 1983. He was assigned to Destroyer Squadron Six out of Charleston, SC. His next tour was staff chaplain, Naval Education and Training Center in New-port, RI, and his life continued from spot to spot. 
Randy has served as chaplain during 
Desert Shield, Desert Storm, while he was stationed at Naval Air Station Oceana in Virginia Beach. He also had a turn at Guantanamo Bay in Cuba, which we all talk about today, and was transferred to the 2nd Marine Division at Camp Lejeune, NC, where he served as regimental chaplain. 
Let me say this is a decorated chap-
lain. Randy Cash retired from Active Duty in 2009. His military awards and decorations include the Legion of Merit, two awards, and the Bronze Star. He is a man of conviction, he is a tremendous North Carolinian, and over the next year he will serve as the na-tional chaplain of the American Legion in a most effective way. 
Reverend Cash, we are delighted to 
have you here. 
I yield the floor. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY 
LEADER 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-
jority leader is recognized. MEASURES PLACED ON THE 
CALENDAR—S. 534 AND S. 535 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
understand there are two bills at the desk due for a second reading. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator is correct. 
The clerk will report the bills by 
title for the second time. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
A bill (S. 534) to prohibit funds from being 
used to carry out certain executive actions related to immigration and for other pur-poses. 
A bill (S. 535) to promote energy efficiency. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. In order to place 
these bills on the calendar under the provisions of rule XIV, I object to fur-ther proceedings en bloc. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-
tion having been heard, the bills will be placed on the calendar. 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SE-
CURITY APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2015—MOTION TO PROCEED 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
move to proceed to H.R. 240. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the motion. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
Motion to proceed to Calendar No. 5, H.R. 
240, a bill making appropriations for the De-partment of Homeland Security for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2015, and for other purposes. 
KEYSTONE BILL  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, the 
Congress is sending the President of the United States another piece of bi-partisan legislation today. Americans of both parties are calling on him to sign it. There is no good reason not to. The Keystone jobs bill is just common sense. Construction of this important infrastructure project would support thousands of American jobs. It would pump billions into our economy and the President’s own State Department 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:01 Feb 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24FE6.000 S24FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1038 February 24, 2015 
told us this could be achieved with 
minimal—minimal—environmental im-pact. That is why this jobs and infra-structure bill passed both Houses of Congress with bipartisan support. 
I know powerful special interests and 
political extremists are pressuring the President to veto American jobs. I hope President Obama will join with us in standing for the middle class instead. It is hard to even imagine what a seri-ous justification for a veto might be. Excuses related to the review process obviously won’t work, since this bipar-tisan bill is a solution for fixing a re-view the Obama administration broke as it ignored deadlines and interfered for political reasons. Plus, the Presi-dent has called on Congress to send him infrastructure projects, and Key-stone is an important infrastructure project that is shovel ready. 
Americans are urging President 
Obama to finally heed scientific con-clusions his own State Department al-ready reached. There is no reason for the President to ignore that science any longer. Republicans and Demo-crats, labor unions and businesses—we are all calling on him to finally allow American workers to build an infra-structure project that just makes good sense. 
Mr. President, last night I took ac-
tion to allow the Senate to consider commonsense legislation that every Democrat should want to support. This targeted measure would address the President’s most recent overreach from November. 
The bill isn’t tied to DHS funding. 
There is no excuse for our friends on the other side to oppose it. That is es-pecially true of the Democrats who led their constituents to believe they would stand up for democratic prin-ciples in this debate. These colleagues have hidden behind all manner of ex-cuses to avoid upsetting the far left. Well, this bill removes the excuses and it sets up a simple political equation: Either stand in defense of extreme overreach or stand with constituents in support of shared democratic values. 
As I have said already, my preference 
remains with the legislation that has already passed the House. It is still the simplest way forward. But as long as Democrats continue to prevent us from even debating that bill, I am ready to try another way. I hope our friends across the aisle will demonstrate simi-lar flexibility. 
I am calling on Senators of good 
faith to work with us and move the bill forward as quickly as possible. So let’s get to work. 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
Democratic leader is recognized. 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, I do appre-
ciate—and that is an understatement— what the majority leader has to go through to try to please the extreme voices on his side. The fact remains we are 4 very short days away from a Homeland Security shutdown—a shut-down, Mr. President. We have a couple of bills on the floor that, unless there 
is unanimous consent, we can’t get to in 4 days. Funding expires on Friday, yet last night the majority leader moved to bring a bill to the floor that does absolutely nothing to fund Home-land Security—nothing. 
If the majority leader wanted a vote 
on this bill, he shouldn’t have wasted a month repeating the same failed proce-dural vote four times with the same re-sult. Albert Einstein said that is the definition of insanity, when you keep doing the same thing over and over again, getting the same result. 
We have said all along that we are 
more than happy to have an immigra-tion debate once Homeland Security is funded. Nevada so badly needs full funding of Homeland Security. State and local governments demand full funding of Homeland Security. It is not only for Nevada, it is all across the country, because the homeland cannot be protected the way the law is now set up unless the Secretary of the Depart-ment of Homeland Security has the ability to grant. If there is full funding, it would be almost $2 billion worth of programs to allow the homeland to be protected by State and local govern-ments. 
So we are happy to have a debate on 
immigration, but we have to fully fund Homeland Security. We have said that all along. We have said it not once, not twice, but we have said it many dif-ferent times. 
In fact, there was a proposal brought 
to the Senate floor 3 weeks ago, spon-sored by Senators M
IKULSKI and S HA-
HEEN , only to have the Republicans ob-
ject to that. 
We want a debate on immigration. 
We are happy to have a debate on im-migration. We are eager to debate im-migration now or any other time, but we can’t do that until we fully fund the Department of Homeland Security. We have been saying that for 4 weeks and nothing has changed in the last 24 hours. 
The majority leader should allow a 
vote on the Mikulski-Shaheen funding, which is sitting on the floor right now. It is on the calendar. That is the only way to resolve this mess which the Re-publicans created. The only thing that can pass the Senate is a clean bill to fund Homeland Security. And then, once that is done, there is a consent pending here on the Senate floor that says once that is done and the Presi-dent signs that, we will be happy to de-bate immigration for whatever time the Republicans deem necessary. 
Would the Chair announce the busi-
ness of the day. 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will be in a period of morning business until 12:30 p.m., with Senators permitted to 
speak therein for up to 10 minutes each, with the first hour equally di-vided, and with the Democrats control-ling the first half and the Republicans controlling the final half. 
The assistant Democratic leader. 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND 
SECURITY FUNDING 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, by cal-
culation, we have today and 3 more days before the Department of Home-land Security is shut down. 
Think about what happened this last 
weekend all across America. It was dis-closed publicly that an extremist group, a terrorist group—Al-Shabab— had some communication among their membership targeting malls in Amer-ica for extremism and terrorism. God forbid that ever happens. 
I know those who are managing these 
malls look at the terrible situation that occurred in Africa and want to make certain it is never repeated any-where, let alone in the United States. They are making extraordinary efforts to protect people across America, not only as they are shopping in malls but in other places, as they should. 
What is the lead agency to protect 
America against terrorism? What is the lead agency to make sure we never ever again in our history experience 9/ 11? The Department of Homeland Secu-rity. That Department was created after 9/11, because we felt the way we were protecting America wasn’t good enough. We took 22 different Federal agencies and put them under the roof of the Department of Homeland Secu-rity and said to that Department: Now focus; focus all your time and efforts to keep us safe. They have done a good job. I am sure they have made some mistakes along the way, but they have really dedicated themselves—all the men and women who work there—to keeping America safe. 
Now what has Congress done for the 
Department of Homeland Security? Last December, when we considered the appropriations—the budget—for the Department of Homeland Security, the Republicans insisted we take that Department out of the regular budget process and give it only temporary funding, a continuing resolution—tem-porary funding—which limits the au-thority of the Secretary of Homeland Security to do his best job to keep America safe. Why would the Repub-licans pick this appropriation, the sin-gle appropriation to keep America safe from terrorism and decide they don’t want to properly fund it? They are only giving it temporary funding and a con-tinuing resolution because they dis-agree with President Obama’s position on immigration. That is it. 
They want this issue of immigration, 
separate and apart from the budget of the Homeland Security, to be debated, and they insist they will not fund the Department of Homeland Security until it is debated. So come February 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:01 Feb 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24FE6.001 S24FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1039 February 24, 2015 
27, in just a few days, this Department 
of Homeland Security is going to shut down. It is going to shut down. 
Many of the employees are essential. 
They will be asked to come to work even though there is only a promise of a paycheck, and they will show up be-cause they are loyal to this country and they want to do their job to keep it safe. Why won’t the Senate and the House do its job? 
Why can’t we pass a clean appropria-
tions bill for the Department of Home-land Security? Before we took a break last week for President’s week I made a unanimous consent request on the floor to do just that—pass a clean ap-propriations bill for the Department of Homeland Security. The majority lead-er, Senator M
CCONNELL of Kentucky, 
objected. He objected to funding the Department of Homeland Security. I don’t understand it. It doesn’t make sense for us to put in jeopardy the se-curity of America over a political de-bate on immigration. 
What is ironic is that now that the 
Republicans have the majority control of the House and the Senate they can call any bill they wish. After funding the Department of Homeland Security, they can turn immediately to a debate on immigration. It is their right. They pick the topics, they dictate the cal-endar, and those of us in the minority have to accede to their wishes. They are in the majority. They are control-ling, but still Speaker B
OEHNER and 
Senator M CCONNELL , the Republican 
majority leader, refuse to pass a clean appropriations bill to the Department of Homeland Security. 
Luckily some Republicans are step-
ping up and saying this is wrong. I commend the following Senators on the Republican side who have publicly stated that Congress should pass a clean Homeland Security bill and stop this tactic that came from the House of Representatives. Those Senators in-clude: Senator D
EANHELLER of Nevada, 
Senator M ARK KIRKof Illinois, Sen-
ators J EFFFLAKE and J OHNMCCAINof 
Arizona, Senator L INDSEY GRAHAM of 
South Carolina, and Senator R ONJOHN-
SONof Wisconsin. We need eight more 
Republican Senators to come forward and say we need a clean appropriations bill and we need to pass it now. If eight Republican Senators today will say that, then we can move forward and pass this bill. We can fund this Depart-ment and stop this gamesmanship. Then, if the leaders want to move to a debate on immigration, so be it. But let’s have eight more Republicans step forward and join us to make this a re-ality. 
I don’t understand, frankly, the 
thinking of many of the Republicans who oppose the President’s approach to immigration. Here is what it comes down to. If the President used every penny given to him by Congress to de-port those who are undocumented in the United States, he could reach about 4 percent of those who are eligi-ble for deportation—4 percent. What the President has said is: Let me focus 
then on deporting those who are most dangerous to the United States. 
President Obama has said there are 
people who have been here for years. They are part of our communities. They have good jobs. They have raised families. They go to our churches. We see them every day. They are no threat to us. Let’s focus on deporting those who are dangerous—the felons, the criminals. The President has basically said we shouldn’t set out to deport families, we ought to deport felons. We shouldn’t set out to deport children, we ought to deport criminals. So his pri-ority is deportation of those most dan-gerous to the United States, and the Republicans have opposed that. Why? Primarily because the President sup-ports it. It has reached that point in the debate. It is so divisive. 
The President doesn’t want to waste 
any resources in deporting those who are not dangerous. He wants to get those who are dangerous out of the United States first, and Republicans object to that. 
There is something else they want to 
do too. The House of Representatives wants to challenge the President’s right to Executive orders when it comes to prioritizing those who can stay in the United States. 
Several years ago at the request of 20 
or more Senators, the President initi-ated an Executive action known as DACA. This Executive action said that if someone qualified as a DREAMer, they would be allowed to stay without threat of deportation. We estimate that 2 million young people in America would qualify as DREAMers, and 600,000 have this protection now. What the Republicans want to do in the House of Representatives is to elimi-nate this. 
Who are these young people? They 
are young folks in America brought to this country as toddlers and infants, young boys and girls who grew up in this country, went to school in this country, have no problems in their criminal record and want to be part of America. That is it. 
What the Republicans have said in 
the House is we want to deport these people—deport them because they are here undocumented, despite the fact that we have educated them and many of them are successes in life and want to be part of our future. The Repub-licans have said deport them. 
The senior Senator from Maine has 
authored a bill to address this subject, but as much as I respect her and count her as a friend, it falls short of pro-tecting the DREAMers who are in this country under DACA. I have to say that as one learns the stories of those who are protected by the President’s Executive order, we wonder what are the Republicans thinking. 
I have tried to tell these stories in 
light of individuals, not statistics, and here is one I wish to tell everyone today. It is about a young man who came to America when he was 9 years old from Thailand. His name is Jirayut 
New. He was brought here at the age of 9 from Thailand by his parents. 
He grew up in San Francisco and he 
said: 
I forced myself to read mystery novels, dic-
tionary in hand, in order to expand my vo-cabulary, one word at a time. I mis-pronounced words, even in the face of ridi-cule, until I mastered the English language. 
It is amazing. These stories have hap-
pened many times in the past, but it is incredible to think of a 9-year-old fac-ing that ridicule but learning the English language in San Francisco. 
This young man became an excellent 
student and his dream was to be a doc-tor. Throughout high school New worked 30 hours a week in his family’s Thai restaurant. Here is what he said about that experience: 
I spent most of my time in the restaurant 
working as a waiter, cashier and chef, scrub-bing toilets, washing dishes, and mopping floors. It taught me to have faith, work hard, and persevere. 
His work paid off. He graduated salu-
tatorian of his high school class with a 4.3 grade point average. He was admit-ted to the University of California at Berkeley, one of the top schools in California and the Nation. He won a scholarship that would have covered most of his tuition, but he couldn’t ac-cept it because he was undocumented. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator’s time has expired. 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent for 2 additional minutes. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. DURBIN. Despite this setback, 
New persevered. In May of 2012 he grad-uated with honors from Berkeley with a 3.7 grade point average and a major in molecular and cellular biology. One month after he graduated, President Obama issued his Executive order, DACA, and now New was protected from deportation. As a result he was able to pursue his dream to become a doctor. 
Last fall New went to medical school 
at the University of California in San Francisco. Now what does he do in his spare time as a medical student? He volunteers at a homeless clinic run by students at the University of California in San Francisco. He has cofounded Pre-Health Dreamers, a national net-work of more than 400 DREAMers who are pursuing careers in health care. 
New and other similar DREAMers 
have so much to contribute to Amer-ica. But if the Republicans have their way, this man is going to be deported. Instead of being able to stay in the United States as a doctor, to realize his life’s dream and make this a better and stronger nation, he will be deported. Will America be better or worse if this young man leaves? I think the answer is obvious. 
So why do the Republicans persist? 
Why are they determined to take this amazing young man and deport him? They have forgotten our legacy in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:01 Feb 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24FE6.003 S24FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1040 February 24, 2015 
America. We are a nation of immi-
grants, and our immigrants have come to this country from all over the world because they appreciate the values and opportunity of America. I am lucky. My mother was an immigrant to this country, and I stand on the Senate floor representing the great State of Il-linois. It is my story, my family’s story, and it is America’s story. 
The time is clearly upon us to fund 
the appropriations of the Department of Homeland Security but not at the expense of this amazing young man. Let us fund this Department to keep America safe but also let us dedicate ourselves to passing legislation which fixes our broken immigration system and helps this young man and others like him to be a part of America’s fu-ture. 
I yield the floor. Mrs. BOXER. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that I may speak for 15 minutes. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mrs. BOXER. Mr. President, before 
the Senator from Illinois leaves the floor, I just want to thank him for his amazing leadership on this whole issue of immigration. 
The Senator and I share a similar 
background because my mother also was an immigrant, and the thought of our moms being ripped out of our lives is just untenable. We are not going to let it happen. 
I wish to thank him so much because 
he has been, I would say, the grand-father of the whole DREAMer move-ment. So thank you, Senator. 
We all know Republicans won in huge 
numbers in the 2014 election and they took over the Senate and they run it. They run it—or at least they are trying to run it. 
Let’s be clear. Less than 8 weeks 
after they took over the Senate we are facing a shutdown, a shutdown of the very agency that protects the health, the safety, the lives of the American people—the Department of Homeland Security. 
We are 4 days away, and even if they 
come up with a continuing resolution, a small little patch, they are shutting down the programs that fund our fire-fighters and our first responders back home. So any way we look at it, this is a national disgrace. 
Think about what our friends abroad 
and those who are not our friends are thinking about this. Republicans say we are in danger. We have to go to war, put combat troops on the ground. But they are willing to shut down the De-partment that protects Americans in the homeland from a terrorist attack. 
This is a self-inflicted crisis made up 
by the Republicans. It is dangerous. It is the height of irresponsibility and it is unnecessary. 
Let me tell you, how does it make 
sense in the very same week that ter-rorists are threatening our shopping malls that we would shut down the very agency charged with protecting those malls? How does it make sense at a time 
when we are facing serious threats to our national security to furlough 30,000 Department of Homeland Security workers and to force more than 100,000 frontline Homeland Security personnel to work without pay? Why don’t these Senators go without their pay? Give up your pay. Do you want to come to work every day and stand there and look for threats to our homeland and worry about how you are going to pay the bills for your kids? Go without pay be-fore you do this. You tell me how that makes sense not to pay people who are in charge of our security. It is a dis-grace. 
Give up your pay—give up your pay, 
give up your health care, give up your benefits, if this is so important to you. 
Oh, no. They will collect their pay. 
Tell me, how does it make sense to shut off the grants that protect our cit-ies, our ports from terrorist attacks, and how does it make sense to stop local communities from being able to hire police officers and firefighters? 
The Department of Homeland Secu-
rity is very large. When it was created I was troubled by that because it in-cludes so many important things in one department, including FEMA. So when we have a natural disaster such as an earthquake, fire or flood, that is the Department that deals with it. How does it make sense to disrupt disaster recovery operations such as the efforts in California to recover from our dev-astating Napa Earthquake and the Rim Fire in Yosemite? 
So not only are they disrupting 
Homeland Security and the protections of our perhaps most-targeted places in America, but they are disrupting re-covery from natural disasters, and God forbid if we have another one. And the reason they are throwing a hissy fit is because the President stepped in and has a policy to take care of immigra-tion. Why did the President step in? Because Republicans refused to take up a bipartisan bill, pass it, and take care of the immigration problem the way they are supposed to. They are para-lyzed on that point. They cannot do it. 
We had a bill that garnered 68 votes 
in the last Congress. All they have to do is bring it up, pass it here, and then pass it in the House. It will pass with overwhelming majorities. The Presi-dent will sign it, and that would make his Executive order unnecessary. The only reason he issued an Executive order is that we are facing a crisis in this country. There are 11 million un-documented folks. Some of those un-documented folks are DREAMers. To me, that is the most important cat-egory. They are young people who were brought here when they were children. They know no other home. All they want to do is stay here and give back to America. Republicans want to de-port them and their parents. They want to deport the parents of American citizens. I thank God these people were not in charge of Congress when I was growing up or else they might have de-ported my mother. It took her awhile 
to get through her naturalization. What if they passed something such as what the Republicans are proposing? 
I thought they were the party of fam-
ily values. Show me where that is true—ripping families apart. I thought they were the party of economic pros-perity. Show me how that is true when we know from study after study that one of the greatest things we can do for our economy and job creation is to get people out of the shadows so they can go and buy a home and hold a good job. They can’t or won’t pass an immigra-tion bill. They will not do their job. 
So when the President steps in and 
does his job, they say: Oh, this is ter-rible. Let’s shut down a totally unre-lated department, the Department of Homeland Security. 
Again I say, let’s look at fiscal re-
sponsibility. According to the Center for American Progress, it would cost more than $50 billion to deport the en-tire population that the President is protecting. And here is the deal: I never heard a Republican—and I will stand corrected if any Republican cor-rects me—complain when President Ei-senhower used his Executive power to help immigrants or when President Nixon did the same thing to protect immigrants or when President Ronald Reagan, their hero, protected immi-grants or when George Bush, Sr., pro-tected immigrants or when George W. Bush protected immigrants. They all used their authority. Show me one Re-publican who stood up and said: This is outrageous. Let’s impeach the Presi-dent. But they are annoyed because it is President Obama, and he won twice. Sorry. Wake up and smell the roses. He is the President, and he is doing the right thing for America because he loves America and he understands that these people, who the Republicans want to deport, are going to help America move on to an era of greatness and keep us going. 
Let’s look at some of the young peo-
ple Republicans want to deport. Alexis Bux is a 21-year-old student from cen-tral California. He is the oldest of three siblings. His younger two siblings were born in the United States, but he was not. So these great family-value Re-publicans want to rip away the oldest child from this family. His parents were farm workers in the fields of San Joaquin Valley. Alexis received immi-gration relief under DACA in 2012, and he will transfer to UC San Diego this fall where he will pursue his dream of a career in biomedical engineering. 
Tell me, Republicans, how our coun-
try is better off when you deport a young man such as him. He hopes to use his education to develop a sophisti-cated medical application and tools that will help cure deadly diseases. All he wants to do is contribute to the Na-tion he loves. 
If the Republicans had their way, 
they would deport people such as Ana Albarra ´n, who left Mexico at age 8. She 
came to this country with her younger 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:01 Feb 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24FE6.004 S24FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1041 February 24, 2015 
brother and sister to join her parents. 
Her parents worked 11 hours a day as trimmers for a landscaping company in downtown Los Angeles. 
After Ana received immigration re-
lief, she felt confident enough to begin applying for jobs, and now she is fin-ishing her final year at UC Merced so she can begin her career as a bilingual first grade teacher. 
Tell me, Republicans, how does it 
make sense to deport people such as Ana and split her up from her parents when all they want to do is contribute to the country they love? How does it make sense just because you are too in-competent to hold a vote on your im-migration plan? If you want to kick people out of the country, put it to a vote. Let’s go. If you want to deport 11 million people, then put it to a vote. Don’t hide behind the Homeland Secu-rity bill and hold the President’s work hostage. You never did it to the other Presidents. Don’t do it to this Presi-dent. How does it make sense to deport these moms, these dads, and these young kids? 
I mentioned before that I am the 
daughter of an immigrant mother. I tried to think of what my life would have been like without my mother. She gave me my conscience. She gave me my values. She gave me all the love and support I needed to pursue my dreams. I am the daughter of an immi-grant mother who never graduated from high school. I am a Senator in the U.S. Senate. But they would have de-ported my mother. I would not be here today if it were not for my mom. So tell me how it makes sense to deport moms and dads and rip apart the lives of children. 
Our national security is at stake, our 
family values are at stake, and our economy is at stake here. So get over the fact that you don’t like the Presi-dent. We get it. You couldn’t beat him. It is too bad for you. You are in charge here in the Senate. Do your job. Bring an immigration bill to the floor. Let’s let this Homeland Security bill go. It is a bipartisan bill. It is funding for the most important issue we are dealing with today. Let’s get to it. Don’t hold it hostage because of your hatred of this President—and I use that word be-cause that is what I think. That is what I think. 
In California alone, the President’s 
Executive actions could boost Califor-nia’s economy by as much as $27.5 bil-lion. The President’s action will aid our economy. It will raise the Nation’s gross domestic product by up to $90 bil-lion over the next 10 years by expand-ing the labor force and allowing immi-grant workers the flexibility to seek new jobs. 
Why is that the case? Why does every 
independent study show us this is the case? The reason is simple. When work-ers come out of the shadows, their wages rise, they open bank accounts, buy homes, start businesses, and spend money in their communities. 
So I say this to my Republican 
friends. There is a Presidential race coming up. Forget the last one. Get 
over it. Let’s work together. 
Listen, I served with five Presidents. 
I am a strong Democrat. Everyone will tell you that. But I have respect for the office of the Presidency. If I didn’t agree with Ronald Reagan, I came down here and said it. We had respect back and forth. If we lost, we lost, and we moved on. That went both ways. 
I know how it feels not to like the 
policies of a President. I get it. But don’t overdo it and make it so per-sonal. Get on with it. Grow up. Do your job. Have respect for the Office of the President. Don’t suddenly say Execu-tive orders are bad when the President you don’t like does it, but you don’t say one word when a Republican Presi-dent does the same thing. It doesn’t pass the smell test. 
Three things could not be more im-
portant in this battle. We need to fund our Department of Homeland Secu-rity—especially when we are facing se-rious threats to our security. We need to uphold our family values and not split up loving families, and we need to protect and grow our economy. 
We can do this in the simplest way. 
First, I say to House Speaker B
OEH-
NER—because under the Constitution 
all funding bills start in the House: Send us a clean bill. Send us the bill that everybody supported before you took it hostage on this immigration issue. Send it over clean. Let’s fund ev-erything in that bill to protect our shopping malls, to give grants to our first responders, and to give grants to our local fire departments. Send it over. We will pass it, and immediately following that, we will bring up an im-migration bill. 
We have it all ready for you. It 
passed with 68 votes. There is not much work to do. If you do that, the Presi-dent’s Executive order will not be nec-essary because we will have taken the steps ourselves to fix our broken immi-gration system. 
Let’s stop the lawsuits. We have one 
judge who said there was overreach, but the next judge may say there is no overreach. Let’s keep this out of the courts. Let’s do our job. Let’s stop the self-inflicted crisis. Let’s stop the shadow that is hanging over the Na-tion. Let’s do the right thing here. 
We can protect the American people 
from threats to our national security. We can protect and grow our economy, and we can treat hard-working immi-grants and their families with the dig-nity and respect they deserve. It all lies in the hands of Speaker B
OEHNER  
and Leader M CCONNELL . 
When you took over the Senate, you 
said: no more threats of shutdowns. Eight weeks later—not even 8 weeks— we are facing a shutdown of one of the most important departments. This is a disgrace, and it is self-inflicted. All you have to do is talk to Speaker B
OEHNER . Send over a clean bill so we 
can vote on it. Then we will take up immigration, and you can show us all your great ideas on immigration. Let’s hear it. Do you want to deport 
the DREAMers? Come on with it, and we will have a vote. You want to de-port the parents? Come on with it, and we will have a vote. You want to kick 11 million people out of this country? Come on with it, and we will have a vote and debate on it. But don’t hold the Department of Homeland Security hostage because of this issue. 
If there is one thing the American 
people hate more than anything else, it is attaching unrelated matters to spending bills. I don’t care if they are conservative Republicans or liberal Democrats or Independent voters. They think it is the dumbest idea. They real-ly do. They don’t understand it. 
Pass your funding bills. Then battle 
your ideological issues separately and apart from that. Don’t hold these de-partments hostage to your decision that President Obama did the wrong thing. If you don’t like what he did, put forward your own bill. You have 
not even done that. 
I have been here a long time. I will 
tell you something. I have never seen anything like this. It is a self-inflicted wound. Who gets hurt? Not the Repub-licans—they will keep getting their pay. They are fine. The people who will be hurt are those whom we trust and count on and the families that thought they could stay together. They are on the verge of that. That is what this party—the Grand Old Party, the GOP— have brought to us, but they can get out of it in 5 minutes. 
Speaker B
OEHNER can pass a funding 
bill that will pass in a heartbeat. Send it over here, and we will pass it, turn to immigration, and then we can have it out on that subject. I think it is wor-thy of a debate. But don’t hold an im-portant funding bill hostage to that de-bate. It is ridiculous, unnecessary, de-structive, and cruel. 
With that, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
F
LAKE ). Without objection, it is so or-
dered. 
f 
HARRIET TUBMAN AND THE HAR-
RIET TUBMAN UNDERGROUND RAILROAD NATIONAL HISTOR-ICAL PARK 
Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I rise to 
celebrate the life of Harriet Tubman and the establishment of the Harriet Tubman Underground Railroad Na-tional Historical Park. Harriet Tub-man was an American hero who cham-pioned freedom and was most famously known as a leader of the Underground Railroad whose roots were on the East-ern Shore of Maryland. 
Harriet Tubman was an iconic figure 
in our Nation’s history for whom lib-erty and freedom were not just ideas 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:01 Feb 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24FE6.005 S24FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1042 February 24, 2015 
but were God-given rights she fought 
tirelessly and at great personal peril to spread to others in bondage. The woman who is known to us as Harriet Tubman was born in approximately 1822 in Dorchester County, MD, and given the name Araminta ‘‘Minty’’ Ross. Born into slavery, she spent nearly 30 years of her life toiling for various families on Maryland’s Eastern Shore. 
Even as a young, enslaved girl, she 
demonstrated impressive mental and physical strength. One of her jobs was to set and check muskrat traps in the swamps of the Blackwater River during blazing hot summers and freezing cold winters. Even though Harriet was slight in physical stature, she fre-quently worked with the men in the forest cutting timber and carrying logs. 
It was in this work setting, where 
both free and enslaved people worked together harvesting timber, that she first heard stories about what life was like for free Blacks in Northern States. 
As a teenaged slave, one of her first 
acts of defiance was sticking up for an enslaved boy who was being harassed by a shopkeeper. In helping the boy out of this situation, she took a serious blow to the head when the shopkeeper threw a lead weight that struck her in the head. Tubman recalled later in life that the mark of the weight on her skull never fully healed and after this incident she would see visions that later inspired her to escape slavery. 
As an adult she took the first name 
Harriet, and when she was 24 years old she married John Tubman. In her late twenties, Harriet Tubman escaped from slavery in 1849. She fled in the dead of night, navigating the maze of tidal streams and wetlands that to this day comprise the Eastern Shore’s land-scape. She did so alone, demonstrating courage, strength, and fortitude that became her hallmark. 
Not satisfied with attaining her own 
freedom, she returned repeatedly for more than 10 years to places of her en-slavement in Dorchester and Caroline Counties where, under the most ad-verse conditions, she led away many family members and other slaves to freedom in the Northeastern United States and Canada. 
She helped develop a complex net-
work of safe houses and recruited abo-litionist sympathizers residing along secret routes connecting the Southern slave States and Northern free States. 
No one knows exactly how many peo-
ple she led to freedom or the number of trips between the North and the South she led, but the legend of her work was an inspiration to the multitude of slaves seeking freedom and to aboli-tionists fighting to end slavery. Tub-man became known as the Moses of her people by African Americans and White abolitionists alike. 
Tubman once proudly told Frederick 
Douglass that in all her journeys she ‘‘never lost a single passenger.’’ She was so effective that in 1856 there was a $40,000 reward offered for her capture 
in the South. She is the most famous and the most important conductor of the network of resistance known as the Underground Railroad. 
But Tubman was more than a con-
ductor on the Underground Railroad. She was a scout and a spy for the Union Army, she was active in the women’s suffrage movement after the Civil War, and ultimately she served aging African Americans by running a home for the aged in Auburn, NY. 
In 1903 she bequeathed the Tubman 
home to the African Methodist Epis-copal Zion Church in Auburn, where it stands to this day. Just this month I was able to attend the midwinter meet-ing of the Board of Bishops/Inter-national Ministers and Lay Association of the AME Zion Church, where we honored Sojourner Truth, Frederick Douglass, and Harriet Tubman. 
The AME Zion Church, or the ‘‘Free-
dom Church,’’ as many refer to it, was an important part of Harriet Tubman’s life and was involved in the forefront of both the abolition and civil rights movements. She was a dedicated mem-ber of the church and actively sup-ported the construction of the Thomp-son AME Church in Auburn, NY, where she lay in state after her death. Harriet Tubman died in Auburn in 1913, and she is buried in the Fort Hill Cemetery. 
Fortunately, many of the structures 
and landmarks in New York remain in-tact, in relatively good condition. For the past 7 years, I have championed legislation to establish the creation of the Harriet Tubman Historical Parks in Maryland and New York. The cre-ation of these parks has been years in the making and long overdue, and I am very grateful for the support my col-leagues gave this bill in the last Con-gress. 
Recently I was able to celebrate this 
park’s formal designation during a cer-emonial event at the Harriet Tubman Museum and Educational Center in Cambridge, MD, just a few miles from where she grew up. I was able to meet some of Harriet Tubman’s descendants, which was incredibly meaningful to me. 
I am so pleased Harriet Tubman’s 
legacy will live on in these parks. My cosponsors and I all share a deep appre-ciation for how establishing this park is preserving the legacy of this remark-able historic figure in American his-tory and will also show how important this park will be to communities where they are located. 
Every February our Nation’s children 
learn lessons about the many contribu-tions African Americans have made to our democracy and to the growth and prosperity of our Nation. Preserving places significant to Harriet Tubman’s life story for future generations creates a learning opportunity that our kids and grandkids can’t get in the class-room or learn from a textbook. 
The park will educate the public 
about the historical significance of the Underground Railroad and Harriet Tubman’s early life and also is ex-
pected to increase tourism, create jobs, and strengthen local economies. 
The final passage of this bill to cre-
ate the park was the result of an unyielding bipartisan effort, including Representative A
NDY HARRIS , Senator 
MIKULSKI , and me, along with our part-
ners from New York, Senators S CHU-
MER, GILLIBRAND , and former Secretary 
Clinton when she represented New York in this body, along with Con-gressmen Dan Maffei and R
ICHARD  
HANNA . 
This was a bipartisan effort and in-
volved Members from both New York and Maryland. The effort on this legis-lative work was started by my prede-cessor, Senator Sarbanes, when he passed legislation commissioning the national service to conduct a special resource study on Harriet Tubman. 
The establishment of the national 
historical park commemorating the life of Harriet Tubman and protecting the serene and almost untouched land-scape is an ideal way to celebrate and honor the outstanding life and incred-ible work of Harriet Tubman, while es-tablishing an important destination for tourists to come visit, learn, and expe-rience Maryland’s Eastern Shore. 
The vision for the Tubman National 
Historical Parks is to preserve the places significant to the life of Harriet Tubman and tell her story through in-terpretive activities, while continuing to discover aspects of her life and the experiences of passage along the Under-ground Railroad through archae-ological research and discovery. 
The buildings and structures in 
Maryland have mainly disappeared. Slaves were forced to live in primitive buildings even though many slaves were skilled tradesmen who con-structed the substantial homes of their owners. 
Not surprising, few of the structures 
associated with the early years of Tub-man’s life remain standing today. The landscape of the Eastern Shore of Maryland, however, is still evocative of the time when Harriet Tubman lived there. Farm fields and loblolly pine forests dot the lowland landscape, which is also notable for its extensive network of tidal rivers and wetlands that Tubman and the people she guided to freedom used under cover of night. In particular, a number of places sig-nificant to Tubman’s life—including the homestead of Ben Ross, her father; Stewart’s Canal, where he worked; the Brodess Farm, where she worked as a slave; and others—are within the mas-ter plan boundaries of the Blackwater National Wildlife Refuge. Similarly, Poplar Neck, the plantation from which she escaped, is still largely in-tact in Caroline County. The properties in Talbot County, immediately across the Choptank River from the planta-tion, are currently protected by var-ious conservation easements. Were she alive today, Tubman would recognize much of the landscape that she knew intimately as she secretly led freedom 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:01 Feb 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24FE6.007 S24FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1043 February 24, 2015 
seekers of all ages to the North. This 
park helps connect people today to America’s history. 
Only recently has the Park Service 
begun establishing units dedicated to the lives of African Americans. Places such as Booker T. Washington National Monument on the campus of Tuskegee University in Alabama, the George Washington Carver National Monu-ment in Missouri, the National His-toric Trail commemorating the march for voting rights from Selma to Mont-gomery, and most recently the Martin Luther King, Jr. Memorial on the Mall are all important monuments and places of historical significance that help tell the story of the African-Amer-ican experience. 
As the National Park Service con-
tinues its important work to com-memorate and preserve African-Amer-ican history by providing greater pub-lic access and information about the places and people who have shaped the African-American experience, there are very few units dedicated to the lives of African-American women. This historic park is the first national park in honor of a woman—obviously the first histor-ical park for an African-American woman. 
As we celebrate Black history this 
month and women’s history next month, I cannot think of a more fitting hero than Harriet Tubman to be the first African-American woman to be memorialized with national historical parks. These parks tell both her per-sonal story and her lifelong fight for justice and freedom, from her fight against the cruel institution of slavery and the establishment of the Under-ground Railroad that she led, to her work in the women’s suffrage move-ment. 
I encourage my colleagues to seek in-
spiration from the heroes of their own States and work to preserve the phys-ical remnants of their legacy so that future generations of Americans might better know who helped form this great Nation. 
Mr. President, I suggest the absence 
of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
C
RUZ). Without objection, it is so or-
dered. 
f 
ORDER OF PROCEDURE 
Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that when the Sen-ate resumes the motion to proceed to H.R. 240 at 2:15 p.m. today, Senators be permitted to speak for up to 10 minutes each. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. WORKING TOGETHER FOR 
AMERICA 
Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, at a press 
conference the day after the elections in November, President Obama said: ‘‘I am eager to work with the new Con-gress to make the next 2 years as pro-ductive as possible.’’ 
Well, Republicans couldn’t have been 
happier to hear that. After years of 
dysfunction in the Democrat-led Sen-ate, Republicans were eager to get Washington working again for Ameri-cans and working with the President to get things done for the American peo-ple. We are still eager to work with the President, but, unfortunately, despite his words, the President hasn’t shown much of an inclination to work with Congress. 
Between January 7 and February 10 
of this year, President Obama issued a total of 13 veto threats. That is more than two veto threats per week during that period. He has announced his in-tention to veto everything from a bi-partisan jobs bill to national security legislation to bills to protect the un-born. And, of course, he has threatened to veto the Keystone XL Pipeline bill— a threat he is likely to make good on this week. 
One would think that if President 
Obama were at all serious about want-ing to work with Congress, Keystone would be the first bill he would sign. The American people support Keystone by a wide margin. Unions support Key-stone because they are eager for the jobs that it would create. Substantial numbers of Democrats support Key-stone. 
Here is what one Democrat had to 
say about the pipeline: ‘‘We have ev-erything to gain by building this pipe-line, especially since it would help cre-ate thousands of jobs right here at home and limit our dependence on for-eign oil.’’ That is from a Democrat here in the Senate. 
Approving Keystone is a no-brainer. 
It would support 42,000 jobs during con-struction, would contribute billions to our economy, and would bring in sub-stantial revenue to State and local governments which would mean more money for local priorities such as schools and teachers, roads and bridges. It would do all of this without spending a dime—not a single dime of taxpayer money. 
The President’s refusal to approve 
this legislation is a signal of just how unserious he is about wanting to work with Congress to get things done. Un-fortunately, after a promising start Democrats in the Senate are starting to imitate President Obama’s obstruc-tion. Yesterday Democrats again voted to filibuster the Department of Home-land Security appropriations bill for the fourth time this month. What is their reason? They are desperate to protect the President’s Executive ac-tion on immigration. 
Before President Obama decided to 
implement his Executive amnesty, he said 22 times he did not have the au-thority to take this action. In fact, in 
March of 2011 he told an audience: 
With respect to the notion that I can just 
suspend deportation through executive order, that is just not the case, because there are laws on the books that Congress has passed. . . . we’ve got three branches of gov-ernment. Congress passes the law. The exec-utive branch’s job is to enforce and imple-ment those laws. 
That is from the President of the 
United States in March of 2011. At least eight Democrats have expressed simi-lar concerns. This is from a Democrat here in the Senate: ‘‘I have to be hon-est, how this is coming about makes me uncomfortable.’’ 
An independent Senator from Maine 
stated: ‘‘I also frankly am concerned about the constitutional separation of powers.’’ 
This is an example of the reserva-
tions that have been expressed by Democrats right here in the Senate about the President’s Executive am-nesty. 
Last week a Federal judge agreed 
with the legal concerns the President had raised and ordered the administra-tion to halt amnesty proceedings. De-spite this, Democrats continue to try to protect funding for the President’s unconstitutional action by preventing consideration of the Homeland Secu-rity appropriations bill. 
If Democrats object to parts of the 
bill, they need to vote to get on the bill so they can offer proposals to amend it. 
That is the way this place works. Re-publicans have made it very clear that we are ready and willing to vote on Democratic amendments. The leader on our side has said that when we get on the bill we will alternate amend-ments. It will be a free-flowing process, just as we committed to when we took the majority in the Senate. 
The Democrats object to the bill’s 
lack of funding for the President’s am-nesty. Then they should offer amend-ments to restore the funding. That is simply how it works in the Senate. All we have to do is get on the bill. That just takes six Democrats to get us onto that legislation to give us an oppor-tunity to actually debate this. 
When the Republicans took over the 
Senate in January, we made it our goal to get Washington working again. That is exactly what we have done. Our Democrat-controlled Senate was run on a strictly partisan line basis. The minority party was shut out of the de-bate and the amendment process, and the Senate spent much of its time on narrow, partisan legislation. 
Under Republican control the Senate 
floor has become once again an open forum for debate and amendments by Members of both parties. Republicans have allowed almost three times as many amendments in January alone as Democrats allowed in the entire cal-endar year of 2014. 
The Keystone XL Pipeline bill was 
passed with bipartisan support with amendments from Members of both parties. Republicans are eager to con-tinue this bipartisan process going for-ward. That is why the obstruction of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:01 Feb 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24FE6.008 S24FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1044 February 24, 2015 
the President and the Democrats in 
this particular circumstance is so dis-appointing. 
Nobody around here expects Demo-
crats and Republicans to always agree. They certainly don’t expect the Presi-dent to never issue a veto threat. But the President’s apparent determination to obstruct everything is pretty dis-couraging. 
If the President continues to make 
veto threats at the same rate he has so far, we will be looking at almost 90 veto threats by the end of 2015. The American people deserve and expect better. Americans sent a clear message in the last election. They were tired of business as usual in Washington. They want Members of Congress and the President to work together to address the challenges facing our Nation. Clearly, the President still hasn’t man-aged to process that message. 
f 
THE PRESIDENT’S FOREIGN 
POLICY 
Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, before I 
close, I would like to take a minute to talk about the President’s foreign pol-icy. The Congress has received the President’s request for authorization for the use of military force in Iraq and Syria, and we will take a hard look at this request. But we still haven’t seen a comprehensive strategy from the President for confronting and defeating ISIS. ISIS represents a barely com-prehensible level of evil. Wherever its members go they leave a trail of blood. Their reign of terror in the Middle East has included the systematic persecu-tion and murder of Christians and other minorities, rape, torture, burn-ings, beheadings, as well as reports of the crucifixion and burying alive of children. 
Just 2 weeks ago ISIS beheaded 21 
Coptic Christians in Libya. The men’s only crime was professing their faith. This morning’s news included reports of another 90 Assyrian Christians being abducted by ISIS from a village in northern Syria. 
My heart sinks each time I hear any 
report of abductions of this nature be-cause we know the fate that is likely in store for these people. Evil like this cannot be ignored. It must be con-fronted. The United States should be a leader in the effort to defeat this hell-ish organization and its reign of bru-tality. 
The President should have articu-
lated a plan for responding to ISIS months ago, but, unfortunately, his lack of decision is par for the course when it comes to this administration’s foreign policy. Time and again, the President has been confronted with a foreign policy crisis and has simply failed to respond. That needs to end now. With crises multiplying around the world, it is time for the President to step up and start leading. We cannot afford for him to sit on the sidelines any longer. 
I yield the floor. ORDER OF PROCEDURE 
Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Senate re-cess until 2:15 p.m., with all other pro-visions of the previous order remaining in effect. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING 
BUSINESS 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Morning 
business is closed. 
f 
RECESS 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate stands in recess until 2:15 p.m. 
Thereupon, the Senate, at 12:27 p.m., 
recessed until 2:15 p.m. and reassem-bled when called to order by the Pre-siding Officer (Mr. P
ORTMAN ). 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SE-
CURITY APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2015—MOTION TO PROCEED—Con-tinued 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, Senators are per-mitted to speak for up to 10 minutes each. 
Mr. BENNET. I suggest the absence 
of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent to speak for up to 10 minutes as in morning business. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
BLACK HISTORY MONTH  
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, this 
week marks the final week of Black History Month, an annual tradition that celebrates Black history and cul-ture but also is a call to action to con-tinue our Nation’s march, as halting as it sometimes is, toward equality. 
This week we take an important step 
toward awarding a Congressional Gold Medal to the foot soldiers who partici-pated in Bloody Sunday, Turnaround Tuesday, or the Selma to Montgomery Voting Rights March. Senator S
COTT 
and I and Senators S HELBY and S ES-
SIONS and the banking committee 
moved forward on that earlier today. I am proud to be one of the 65 cospon-sors. I am also introducing a resolution this week instructing the Postal Serv-ice to issue a commemorative stamp honoring the 50th anniversary of the Selma marches. 
It is far past time for us to honor the 
brave men and women who risked life and limb to demand full participation in our democracy. We can do this on the Senate floor. We can do it by trav-
eling to Selma. Next week Senator S
COTT and I will lead a delegation to 
Selma for the anniversary of the march. I understand my colleague from Ohio may be joining us. I took my daughters Emily and Elizabeth there a number of years ago. I look forward to the journey to Selma with my wife in a couple of weeks, marking the 50th an-niversary. 
Fifty years ago, Dr. King led thou-
sands in that 54-mile march—the sec-ond Selma bridge crossing, if you will. They arrived in Montgomery 4 days later to a crowd of 25,000 Black and White supporters. In his speech that day, Dr. King told a story of one of the marchers: Sister Pollard, a 70-year-old African-American women who lived in Montgomery during the bus boycott a little less than a decade earlier. 
She was asked if she wanted a ride 
during the march instead of walking. She said: ‘‘No.’’ 
The person said: ‘‘Aren’t you tired?’’ She said: ‘‘My feet are tired, but my 
soul is rested.’’ 
Progress is never easy, and as we cel-
ebrate Black History Month, we are re-minded of the long journey we have traveled and how far we still have to go. 
This month we celebrate the con-
tributions African Americans have made to the fabric of our Nation. 
When Carter G. Woodson started 
what became Black History Month in 1926, my State of Ohio—the Presiding Officer’s State—had already produced 19th-century poet Paul Laurence Dun-bar; Columbus native Granville T. Woods had already invented the tele-graph device that sent messages be-tween moving trains and train sta-tions; Mary Jane Patterson had al-ready become the first Black woman to graduate from Oberlin College, in my part of Ohio; Garrett Morgan, a Cleve-lander, had already invented the traffic signal; Ohio State Representative John P. Green had introduced a bill to estab-lish Labor Day in Ohio, which later be-came Labor Day, which we all cele-brate; and COL Charles Young, who found freedom in Ripley, OH, in the Presiding Officer’s old congressional district, became the highest ranking African-American commanding officer in the U.S. Army in 1894—120 years ago—and the first African-American superintendent of a national park. 
This month we celebrate these and 
other pioneering Ohioans: two Pulitzer Prize winners—Nobel Prize-winning writer Toni Morrison from Lorain and former Poet Laureate of the United States Rita Dove from Akron. 
Olympic Gold Medalist Jesse Owens 
grew up in Cleveland. Jesse Owens spoke at my brother’s high school graduation in Mansfield. 
Howard Arthur Tibbs from Salem 
served with the Tuskegee Airmen, and I was honored to meet his family in 2007 when this body posthumously awarded him the Congressional Gold Medal. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:01 Feb 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24FE6.010 S24FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1045 February 24, 2015 
Congressman Louis Stokes, who so 
many in this body know, rose from one of the first Federal housing projects in the Nation, in Cleveland, to promi-nence as a lawyer and legislator. Yes-terday Louis Stokes celebrated his 90th birthday. He argued before the Su-preme Court in his legal practice, and during his two decades in Congress he was a forceful advocate for the city he loves. 
This month we honor them and many 
others. These achievements have come in the face of centuries of oppression, making these achievements all the more remarkable. They have not come to be recognized simply through chance. It took a century of concerted effort—longer than that, really—led by Black Americans such as Dr. King, to give voice to the struggles and the sto-ries, the triumphs and the traditions of the African Americans who have shaped who we are as a country and as a people. These stories are the ones we celebrate this month and the ones we must do more to honor and tell. 
This month I am introducing legisla-
tion to begin the process of designating the Parker House in Ripley, OH, as a national monument. John Parker was a slave who purchased his freedom, be-came a successful businessman, and helped many others to freedom on the Underground Railroad through cross-ing the Ohio River and heading north, some to Oberlin and ultimately many to Canada. 
Stories such as these are too often 
untold and overlooked. They show us how African Americans have shaped their own destiny in this country. 
I hope today my colleagues will join 
me in honoring the African Americans who have made us who we are as a na-tion. I would add that I hope this 50th anniversary, this trip that a number of colleagues and I will take to Selma, will mark progress in voting rights. 
We took huge strides in voting rights 
in the last 50 years. In fact, in 1964 it was a conservative Republican Con-gressman from north of Dayton by the name of William McCullough, who was the senior Republican on the House Ju-diciary Committee—Jacqueline Ken-nedy and others credited Congressman McCullough, perhaps more than any other single Member—even more than Hubert Humphrey or Everett Dirksen— for the Civil Rights Act and Voting Rights Act passing the U.S. House of Representatives and the Senate and being signed by the President. 
Unfortunately, in the last few years 
we have seen State legislators and far too many Members of this body try to scale back and roll back some of those gains in voting rights—all in the name of stopping fraud, when in fact voting fraud is much exaggerated by them. It barely exists. But the efforts to roll back voting rights has resulted from that. It is wrong, and it is shameful, es-pecially as we celebrate the 50th anni-versary. 
I am hopeful we can move forward in 
spite of what this very conservative Supreme Court has done, move forward 
in voting rights as we honor Black His-tory Month, as we honor 50 years of Selma, and as we honor the work Afri-can Americans and Whites have done to make this country a better place to live. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-
jority whip. 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, as my 
colleagues know, for weeks now Senate Democrats have repeatedly blocked the Senate from even considering a $40 bil-lion funding bill for the Department of Homeland Security that would extend through the end of the fiscal year, the end of September. They have done it not once, not twice, not three times, but four times. Four times they have filibustered this Department of Home-land Security funding bill that would pay the salaries of the men and women who protect our ports, our airports, and our border. 
Meanwhile, our friends across the 
aisle are telling the American people: No, it is not us blocking this funding, it is the Republicans. Well, I beg to dif-fer. The House of Representatives has actually passed a Homeland Security appropriations bill—the bill we tried to get on four different times and the Democrats don’t seem satisfied with the ability to offer amendments to change it or modify it in any way that they can command 60 votes to do. Their attitude is: We are not even going to consider it unless we get ev-erything we want right upfront. 
I guess I can kind of understand why 
they are of that frame of mind because over the last few years, the Senate has become completely dysfunctional. Under the previous majority leader, there wasn’t any opportunity to offer amendments and get votes on those amendments on legislation. It was a ‘‘my way or the highway’’ proposition. 
In other words, what I am saying is 
the Senate was broken, and after years of running the Senate as an incumbent protection program and voting on only poll-tested messages and blocking amendments, last November the Amer-ican people said, enough is enough; no more dysfunction. Let’s have a Senate and a Congress that represents our in-terests, not the interests of protecting incumbents against taking tough votes. 
I believe our colleagues who have 
blocked consideration of this funding amendment should be, frankly, ashamed of themselves. It doesn’t seem as though they have gotten the mes-sage. 
The senior Senator from New York, 
Senator S
CHUMER , who is a member of 
the leadership and my friend, told the Huffington Post recently that ‘‘it is really fun to be in the minority.’’ By that, I guess he means it is fun to block Homeland Security appropria-tions bills not once, not twice, not three times, but four separate times. But filibustering this critical funding for the men and women who protect us every day is not my idea of fun, nor is 
it, I suspect, for the thousands of men and women who work in the Depart-ment of Homeland Security, from the Coast Guard to the Border Patrol to all of the people who work day in and day out to try and help keep us safe in the homeland. 
When given the opportunity four 
times over the last few weeks to fully fund the Department of Homeland Se-curity while rolling back the Presi-dent’s unconstitutional Executive ac-tion, four times Senate Democrats have taken the low road and continued to obstruct. 
Over the last several weeks, we 
pointed out the tough talk that came from some Senate Democrats last fall when the President issued his Execu-tive action on immigration back when the President made his intent clear to follow through with a series of unilat-eral actions that he had previously said, on 22 different occasions, he didn’t have the authority to do. Twen-ty-two times the President said pub-licly he didn’t have the authority to do it, and last November, after being en-couraged to wait until after the elec-tion so it didn’t have a negative blowback on people running for the Senate, he went ahead and did it any-way. 
As I noted before, some of our col-
leagues on the other side expressed their concerns at the time. Some said it made them feel uncomfortable, and some said: I wish he wouldn’t do it. Well, no kidding. 
When the President usurps the au-
thority given under the Constitution to the legislative branch of government and seeks to arrogate to himself the power to unilaterally change the law, they should feel uncomfortable. One by one these same folks who were so con-cerned and so uncomfortable with what the President did last November have come down to the floor and voted in lockstep. They voted, in effect, to reaf-firm the President’s actions. 
In justifying these votes, we heard 
the common refrain, we don’t nec-essarily agree with the President’s Ex-ecutive actions, but an appropriations bill is not the proper vehicle to address them. That is what they said time and time again. So now we have a pretty simple and straightforward message to our Democratic friends who were so concerned and so uncomfortable and who wished the President had not gone around Congress on immigration. We are here to say: Here is your chance. 
This week the Senate will take up a 
bill that will address the President’s Executive actions that were announced last November. Senator M
CCONNELL , 
the majority leader, made it clear last night that this targeted bill is not tied to the Department of Homeland Secu-rity funding. 
Under the regular rules of the Sen-
ate, the process he set in order last night will come to fruition on Friday, and that will be the time for all of our colleagues on this side of the aisle and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:01 Feb 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24FE6.011 S24FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1046 February 24, 2015 
the ones on the other side of the aisle 
who expressed disapproval of the Presi-dent’s Executive action to vote for a bill that expresses that disapproval— the so-called Collins bill. 
My strong preference would be to 
pass the House bill—that has been fili-bustered four separate times by our Democratic friends—because it fully funds the Department while reining in the President’s overreach. But since the Democrats have refused on four dif-ferent occasions to even allow the bill to come to the floor with the excuse that it is tied to the Department of Homeland Security funding, we are going to give them an opportunity to put their money where their mouth is. In other words, we are going to see if they can take yes for an answer. 
If all of the occasions where my col-
leagues said they were uncomfortable with the President’s actions are not enough—if the 22 times the President himself said he didn’t have the author-ity to issue this Executive action— well, we now know that during the re-cess last week a Federal judge in Texas has given us one more reason. 
A week ago U.S. District Judge An-
drew Hanen in Brownsville, TX, ruled in a lawsuit brought by 26 different States, including Texas, that what the President did was illegal. He issued a temporary injunction blocking imple-mentation of the President’s Executive action. 
If that were the end of it, any 
amount of money that was appro-priated by the Congress to fund the De-partment of Homeland Security could not legally be used to fund the Presi-dent’s Executive action because there is an injunction in place issued by a Federal court that says you can’t do it, and, indeed, the administration has ac-knowledged that. They stood down, but now they have come back to the judge and asked for a stay of the judge’s tem-porary injunction. They said if they don’t get that, they will go to the Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals in New Orle-ans and ask the appellate court to stay the judge’s temporary injunction. 
Judge Hanen’s ruling enforces what I 
and many others have been saying for a long time, that the President acted outside of the law when he went around Congress to unilaterally change our Nation’s immigration laws. 
But the judge’s ruling gets to a 
broader issue, and there is one part of it that I found particularly important. In writing his opinion explaining his ruling, Judge Hanen looked at the Obama administration’s case and imag-ined how you could take their argu-ment and apply it across the board. 
It is easy to overlook and overreach 
what the President has said if you per-haps agree with what he actually ac-complished, which is, in effect, to give legal status to roughly 5 million peo-ple. If you think that is a good idea, you are likely to turn a blind eye to the way the President did it. But if the courts establish the precedent that this President—or any future President, Re-publican or Democrat—can pick and 
choose which laws to enforce, what could end up happening? Well, it doesn’t take a lot of imagination. Judge Hanen writes: ‘‘then a lack of re-sources’’—which is the argument that was made by the administration— ‘‘would be an acceptable reason to cease enforcing environmental laws, or the Voting Rights Act, or even the var-ious laws that protect civil rights and equal opportunity.’’ 
That is what Judge Hanen said in his 
opinion in repudiating the argument made by the administration that the President had this authority and talked about what kind of dangerous precedent it would set if it were accept-ed by the court as legal. 
I am sure I am not the only one who 
would hate to see our country head down that sort of lawless path where the laws don’t make any difference, it is just the preference of whoever is President which determines the direc-tion the country should take. That is a dangerous path. It is completely incon-sistent with who we are as a country that believes in the rule of law. 
So now that the President’s actions 
have been settled in the court of public opinion, where they are deeply unpopu-lar, and ruled upon by a court of law, my friends from the other side of the aisle need to take note because they have a very clear choice. They can con-tinue to give excuses for why they are filibustering this $40 billion Homeland Security appropriations bill or, as I said, they can put their money where their mouth is and vote to stop the President’s 2014 Executive action sepa-rate and apart from any issue of fund-ing of the Department of Homeland Se-curity. 
At the end of the day, the Senate will 
make sure the people who protect our borders and our ports and our skies get paid because that is the responsible thing to do. Senate Democrats, who were so concerned and so uncomfort-able with what the President did last fall, are out of excuses, and they are going to have a chance to vote on the Collins amendment on Friday or at some other time mutually agreed upon by the majority and the minority. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
Democratic leader is recognized. 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I lis-
tened carefully to the remarks of my friend and my colleague from Texas. 
If my friend has a moment as he 
walks out this door, he should take a sharp left and stop at the staircase and look up. At the top of the staircase the Senator from Texas will see this amaz-ing portrait that has been copied and referred to over and over again. It is an incredible painting that shows Presi-dent Abraham Lincoln signing the Emancipation Proclamation in the midst of the Civil War while sur-rounded by his Cabinet. This Emanci-pation Proclamation freed 3 million slaves in America from involuntary servitude. Was the President signing a bill that 
had been passed by Congress? No. He was signing an Executive order—the same type of Executive order used by President Obama to address the issue of immigration. 
All right, Senator D
URBIN , you found 
one moment in history. According to arguments you heard on the floor, there could not be very many more. Let’s fast forward to the late 1940s with President Harry Truman. President Harry Truman, after World War II, de-cided to finally end racial discrimina-tion in the ranks of our military. How did he do it? Did he do it by signing a law passed by Congress? No. He signed an Executive order ending the dis-crimination and segregation taking place in our military. 
I don’t argue that Presidents can ex-
ceed their constitutional powers. It has happened. But to argue that Executive orders that have been used by Presi-dent after President are inherently un-constitutional defies any accurate, honest reading of history. 
Here are some realities. The immi-
gration system in the United States of America today is broken—broken ter-ribly—to the point where we may have 12 to 13 million undocumented people in this country, where our borders are stronger now than they have ever been, but still have to be fortified to make sure we don’t have the unnecessary mi-gration of people into the United States in an illegal status. There are so many things we need to do to fix this broken immigration system, and we addressed them. 
Two years ago eight Senators came 
together—four Democrats and four Re-publicans. I was honored to be part of it. We sat down for months and wrote a comprehensive immigration reform bill. We brought it to the floor of the Senate after considering 100 amend-ments in the Senate Judiciary Com-mittee, and it passed on the floor with 68 positive votes. Fourteen Republicans joined the Democrats for the bipartisan bill which was supported by the Cham-ber of Commerce, the AFL–CIO, and conservatives and liberals across Amer-ica. 
Pretty good work for a Congress that 
is blamed many times for just being ob-structionists. We passed it with 68 votes, sent it to the House of Rep-resentatives, where it languished for almost 2 years, never being called for a vote—never. 
At that point the President stepped 
forward and said: I have to do some-thing to deal with the problems of ille-gal immigration in America. Here is what he proposed—two things, basi-cally. He said: If you are here in Amer-ica and are the parent of a child who is a U.S. citizen or the parent of a child who is a legal resident alien, you can come forward, pay about $500 as a fee, subject yourself to a criminal back-ground check. If you clear it or you committed no serious crimes and are no threat to America, then we will give you a temporary work permit to be in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:01 Feb 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24FE6.021 S24FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1047 February 24, 2015 
the United States and work. We want 
to know who you are, where you live, the members of your family, and where you work. That is what the President proposed, and that is what they want to stop. 
We would continue the current situa-
tion with millions of undocumented people working without background checks, working without any registra-tion to this government, so we know their whereabouts and what they do. That is what they want to end. They think the President went way too far in setting up this process. I think they are wrong. 
The Republicans had a chance to pass 
a comprehensive immigration bill and they refused. In refusing, they left the President no alternative. He is trying to make sense out of a broken immi-gration system. It would be better if the Republicans joined us in the House and the Senate in a bipartisan effort to achieve that. 
The last point I want to make is this: 
I think one of the most heartless things I have seen in my time in the House and Senate is the effort by the Republicans to end DACA. DACA was the protection the President gave to DREAMers. DREAMers are children brought to America—children, infants, toddlers, and young kids—by their par-ents, who grew up in America and went to school, have no serious criminal issues in their background, and who simply want the chance to be part of America’s future. That is all they are asking for. 
The President’s Executive order gives 
them that chance to prove themselves, and the Republicans want to eliminate that order. I don’t understand it. If they take the time to meet some of these young people, they would realize what a waste it would be of such great skill and talent and love of America. 
I will close—and I see my friend and 
colleague Senator M
URRAY —and say 
this: We are a nation of immigrants. Our diversity is our strength. The peo-ple who are willing to risk everything in their lives to come to this country, to be part of this great American ex-periment, to have an opportunity for their next generation to have a chance for a better life, that is what defines us. That is who we are. 
I stand here—and I have said it so 
many times and proudly so—the son of an immigrant mother who was brought here at the age of 2. She was the first DREAMer in my house, and she raised a son to serve in the U.S. Senate. That is my story. That is my family’s story. That is America’s story. 
It is time for us to fund the Depart-
ment of Homeland Security and pro-tect America and then have an honest debate about an immigration policy consistent with American values. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Washington. 
Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, I 
thank the Senator from Illinois for his passionate remarks. That rings so true to all of us. I thank him for all his 
work on the DREAM Act and making sure young people who are raised in this country have the opportunities that all of us do. 
As we count down the final days be-
fore funding for the Department of Homeland Security potentially runs out, I want to take a few minutes to talk about how we got to this point. As 
this deadline gets closer and closer, I have been continually reminded we have been down this road many times before. This is a manufactured crisis, and it is no different than so many oth-ers we have faced in Congress over the last few years. What is happening in Congress right now is not a debate over government spending policies or prior-ities. That much is certain. This is not a debate over how the Department of Homeland Security should function. It is certainly not a debate about our na-tional security. This is, pure and sim-ple, a political fight Republicans are having with themselves across the two Chambers of the Capitol and across the different factions of the Republican Party. That is not the case for every Republican in the Senate. Several Members have said clearly we should fund the Department of Homeland Se-curity without any strings attached. 
The fact remains some Republicans 
are making it clear they are willing to hold hostage the basic operation of our government over rightwing politics and nothing else. While this process might seem complicated, it is actually very simple. 
Democrats—along with national se-
curity experts, law enforcement ex-perts, State and local officials, and three former Secretaries of Homeland Security, including two Republicans— want to do nothing more than fund the Department of Homeland Security cleanly, no strings or unrelated polit-ical amendments attached. But be-cause they are so angry about the President’s actions months ago to im-prove our country’s immigration laws, some Republicans are demanding to pass a bill that will tear apart families who are working hard to make it in America, put our security at risk, and seriously threaten all of the work we have done recently—including the budget agreement I reached with Con-gressman P
AULRYAN—to keep our gov-
ernment functioning. That is not only bad policy. It doesn’t make any sense. 
The bill passed by Speaker B
OEHNER  
and House Republicans would be dev-astating to families across the country, and it would make day-to-day oper-ations for the Department of Homeland Security needlessly difficult. For ex-ample, TSA agents who work to keep our airports safe and secure would be forced to work without pay. These men and women should be worrying about doing their jobs, not knowing whether they are going to be able to pay their bills and put food on their table. That is not what we want them worrying about. But because of political pressure from the extreme anti-immigration, rightwing party, that is what Repub-
lican leaders in the House are demand-ing. 
This looming shutdown of the De-
partment of Homeland Security has be-come to them nothing more than col-lateral damage. The national impacts of not funding the Department of Homeland Security have been dis-cussed for weeks now. This would also cause problems all the way down to in-dividual fire departments in our local communities. 
Right now the Whatcom County Fire 
District 18 located in my State—close to the northern Canadian border and it is about an hour north of Seattle—is applying for an assistance to fire-fighters grant which is funded through the Department of Homeland Security. This is a very rural fire district. They only have one paid employee—it hap-pens to be the fire chief—along with a volunteer firefighting force of 16 and a volunteer EMT force of 6. 
They have applied for a very small 
$24,000 Federal grant to replace their heavily used and outdated equipment— everything from boots and helmets to gloves and fire hoods—that are now over 11 years old. I have been working with them to help them get that need-ed equipment which protects those vol-unteers who put their lives on the line to save others, but if Congress does not fund this department those grants are at risk. That is unacceptable. It is proof this political mess the Repub-licans have made is not a hypothetical problem. It is something that will have real impacts on every one of our com-munities across the country. 
My colleagues are not going to give 
in and let the Republicans play politics with the Department of Homeland Se-curity. For years now we have seen that strategy doesn’t work. It holds us back. I am encouraged the majority leader has said they are willing to bring up a clean Department of Home-land Security appropriations bill to the floor. We need the same commitment from the Speaker of the House of Rep-resentatives. Time is running out. The country is waiting. We need to fund Homeland Security. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, 
I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. 
E
RNST ). Without objection, it is so or-
dered. 
f 
KEYSTONE XL PIPELINE 
APPROVAL ACT—VETO 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
Chair lays before the Senate the Presi-dent’s veto message on S. 1, which the clerk will read and which will be spread in full upon the Journal. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:43 Feb 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24FE6.022 S24FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1048 February 24, 2015 
Veto message to accompany S. 1, a bill to 
approve the Keystone XL Pipeline. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-
jority leader. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Madam President, 
I ask unanimous consent that the veto message on S. 1 be considered as having been read; that it be printed in the R
ECORD , spread in full upon the Jour-
nal, and held at the desk; and that the Senate proceed to its consideration at a time to be determined by the major-ity leader in consultation with the Democratic leader but no later than March 3. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. (The veto message of the President is 
printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Pres-
idential Messages.’’) 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I suggest the ab-
sence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. SESSIONS. Madam President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SE-
CURITY APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2015—MOTION TO PROCEED—Con-tinued 
Mr. SESSIONS. Madam President, a 
number of things have been happening today with regard to the funding for the Department of Homeland Security. There has been a lot of spin that some-how the Republicans are blocking the funding of the Department of Home-land Security. This gives new meaning to the word obfuscation, I suppose, or disingenuousness. 
The truth is the House of Representa-
tives has fully funded the Department of Homeland Security. It has provided the level of funding the President asked for. It has kept all accounts in Homeland Security as approved through the congressional process. It simply says: Mr. President, we consid-ered your bill—this amnesty bill—that would provide work permits, photo IDs, Social Security numbers, Medicare benefits, and Social Security benefits, and you can’t do that. We consider that and reject it. So we are not going to fund that. 
Now, the President has already told 
us and the staff they have across the river in Crystal City where they are leasing a new building, and this build-ing is going to house 1,000 workers paid for by the taxpayers of the United States as part of Homeland Security. Are those 1,000 workers going to be uti-lized to enforce the laws of the United States? Are they going to process ap-plications for citizenship or visas? No, those 1,000 people—costing several hun-dred million dollars, in truth—are going to be processing and providing these benefits to people unlawfully in America. So Congress said: Wait a minute. We 
didn’t authorize money for that. You can’t spend money to fund exactly the opposite of what we have enacted. So we are just going to put some language in the bill—the normal bill that funds Homeland Security—and say you can’t spend the money to violate the law. You can only spend the money to en-force the law, as it was created to do. 
The bill then comes to the Senate; 
and what spectacle do we have? We have Democratic Members in lockstep unity blocking even proceeding to this bill, contending we are not funding Homeland Security. Can you imagine that? 
Now, my colleague, the senior Sen-
ator from Illinois, Mr. D
URBIN , the 
Democratic whip, came down a couple of weeks ago and said: I am trying to figure out what is blocking this bill. So I took the floor and I said: Senator D
URBIN , you and your filibusterers are 
filibustering the bill. That is why it is not being passed. 
Does anybody want to dispute that? 
The Republican Senate has repeatedly brought up this bill and filed cloture to move to the bill so we can fund Home-land Security, and the Democrats are relentlessly and unanimously filibus-tering it, blocking even moving to the bill. Although Senator M
CCONNELL said 
if we did move to the bill, he would allow them to have amendments. So this is the situation we are in. 
Colleagues, this goes to the core of 
our constitutional principles about who controls the money in America. Congress is a coequal branch. It is not subordinate to the President. If any-thing, the legislative branch, through the Constitution, provides maybe even more power to Congress than it does to the Executive and more than it pro-vides the courts. And the most power-ful power of Congress is the power of the purse. 
Congress is not obligated to pay for 
anything it believes is unwise, and it has an absolute duty not to fund any-thing that is unconstitutional or ille-gal, which is what we are dealing with here. So Congress—the House of Rep-resentatives—acted wisely and prop-erly in funding Homeland Security and not allowing activities to be carried out that are unlawful and that Con-gress has rejected. 
This is so fundamental, so basic. How 
my colleagues have the gall to come to the floor and have a press conference this afternoon and blame Republicans for shutting down Homeland Security is beyond me. I don’t believe the Amer-ican people are buying it. 
Now, there are some, even on the Re-
publican side, who say: Oh gosh, the President will blame us even if it is not our fault. So we might as well cave in and give him what he wants. But what he wants is something he can’t be given. What he wants is for Congress to capitulate and erode its powers and re-sponsibility. He wants Congress to vio-late its duty to fund something that is illegal and contrary to Congress’s wish-es. He can’t demand that. He has no 
right to demand that. 
Congress cannot fund—cannot and 
must not fund—an illegal action in hopes that another branch of govern-ment will intervene. Now, I say that because some have said: Well, a court in Texas has ruled that a part of this action by the President is unlawful. The court was narrow in its decision. It fundamentally said something similar to: It looks like a regulation to me, and if you are going to pass a regula-tion, you need to go through a process. And the President didn’t go through a process. It is not lawful. It is not legal. You can’t enforce it. The judge issued an injunction barring the President from carrying out these plans, he an-nounced, which is plain law, it seems to me. They didn’t even go into some of the other ideas of the constitutionality and separation of powers. He just blocked it on that basis. 
So we are hearing it said that we can 
fully fund Homeland Security without any restrictions, allowing the Presi-dent to do this, because the courts stopped it. I think that is unwise for a number of reasons. The first one is we don’t know what the courts are going to do. This Congress has a duty to fund only things it believes are appropriate and lawful. So Congress shouldn’t fund it on that basis, period. We should stand up for Congresses in years to come—for our children and grand-children and great-grandchildren—and defend the power of the purse and de-fend the integrity of this Congress. 
We know how this country was 
founded. It was founded on an under-standing of the British Parliament, and the British Parliament wrested from the king the power of taxes and money. That was a huge historical develop-ment, and it has been part of our tradi-tion since, that Congress has the power of the purse. The Executive can’t do it. So we replaced the king with the Presi-dent, and we adhered in our Constitu-tion to that great tradition of restraint on the Executive by the legislative branch—by the Congress, by the Sen-ate. 
In the Texas court’s injunction, let 
me go further and note the reasons why I think it is unwise for Congress to say that we, the Senate, have no duty to speak on this issue. The House has al-ready spoken and said we are not going to fund this. But the Senate needs to ask what its position will be. 
I would point out that the Texas 
court’s injunction addresses only a part of Obama’s lawless actions and could be lifted at any time. So the in-junction could be lifted at any time. It only covers a part of his actions. If Congress relinquishes the power of the purse, then nothing will be able to pre-vent the lawlessness or amnesty from going forward. 
As the Texas court noted in issuing 
its injunction, ‘‘This genie would be impossible to put back in the bottle.’’ 
That is absolutely true. He is evalu-
ating whether to issue an injunction. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:43 Feb 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24FE6.024 S24FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1049 February 24, 2015 
Sometimes you don’t have to issue an 
injunction because there is not any-thing much happening right then. But he says, correctly, that: If this goes forward and millions of people are given amnesty, you can’t put that genie back in the bottle in any prac-tical sense. It would be a nightmare to try to do that. 
Let me point this out: One, the Texas court’s injunction 
only addresses a small part of the President’s recent Executive actions in November. 
The Texas lawsuit challenges only 
the President’s November 20 unconsti-tutional Executive action. And of that, the injunction prevents the adminis-tration from implementing only de-ferred action for parents of Americans and lawful permanent residents. 
The Texas court injunction does not 
address the problematic enforcement priorities encompassed in the Presi-dent’s Executive actions. 
He set all kinds of priorities that 
Congress disapproves of and that are bad—unless you don’t want the laws enforced, in which case it is good. And we have some who believe in open bor-ders in this country. They deny it when challenged, but they vote that way every time. 
On November 20, 2014, the memo re-
vised the administration’s enforcement priorities which do not encompass cer-tain criminal aliens nor do they en-compass all aliens deemed to be subject to mandatory custody under the Immi-gration and Nationality Act. In fact, these new priorities effectively gut the enforcement of our immigration laws for all but a few select criminal aliens. 
Congress passed the law that requires 
the deportation of persons involved in criminal activities and convicted of those activities. The President evis-cerated large portions of that in this order, and he should not be allowed to do so. The judge did not address it. 
Indeed, in response to the ruling, 
Secretary Johnson stated that the Texas court’s order does not ‘‘affect this Department’s ability to set and implement enforcement priorities.’’ 
Well, that is a big deal. They set pri-
orities that violate statutory law, and they should not be allowed to do that. We can’t effectively eviscerate law by prosecutorial guidelines. 
According to a February 18, 2015 
email from Customs and Border Pro-tection Commissioner R. Gil Kerlikowske regarding the injunction, he said: 
Officers and agents should continue to 
process individuals consistent with the en-forcement priorities announced by the Sec-retary in his memorandum of November 20, 2014, titled Policies for the Apprehension, Detention and Removal of Undocumented Immigrants. 
It deals in large part with criminal 
activities, people convicted of crimes who are supposed to be deported. 
The funding bill the House passed 
would do much more to stop President Obama’s unlawful Executive actions on immigration, so the administration 
does not intend to change its course as it is still actively preparing for its roll-out of Executive amnesty. 
On February 17, just a few days ago, 
the President told reporters that the administration is still ‘‘doing the pre-paratory work because this is a big piece of business.’’ He said: 
The Department of Homeland Security will 
continue in the planning because we want to make sure as soon as these legal issues get resolved, which I anticipate they will in our favor, that we are ready to go. 
So he is telling the Department of 
Homeland Security to spend money now to be ready to move forward and immediately process his Executive am-nesty—providing Social Security num-bers, photo IDs, Medicare and Social Security benefits for people here un-lawfully. He says go ahead and do it. 
The Texas court injunction is only 
temporary and could be set aside at any time. The administration has al-ready filed for a stay of the injunction in the district court and has announced its intention to appeal. 
Indeed, as I just read, the President 
said he expects to win. I don’t think he will, but it is a technical part of the ruling. The judge still has many more that he could deal with that could overrule the President’s action. He just chose one of them, and that one is rather technical. So who knows for sure what a court might rule. 
In addition, the ruling does not ad-
dress the substance of the case. It will take many months to resolve this liti-gation, and during that time there is a reasonable chance that some court will lift the stay and allow the President to begin implementing the amnesty pend-ing a final ruling on the merits of the case. But Congress can stop it and has a duty to stop it in its appropriations 
bill. 
In addition, Democrats refused to 
fund the lawful functions of the De-partment of Homeland Security. And this is important: The House-passed Department of Homeland Security funding bill funds all of the lawful, statutorily authorized functions of the Department, including the immigra-tion law enforcement component of the agencies that, under the Obama admin-istration, has been prevented from en-forcing the laws. 
Colleagues, Immigration and Cus-
toms Enforcement officers—now, I guess, 2 years ago—filed a lawsuit against their own supervisors declaring that they were being forced to violate their oath to enforce the laws of the United States. 
I have never seen that. It is so bad 
that the ICE officers have filed a law-suit to stop the administration from ordering them to violate plain law. 
Let me note that the President has 
already shut down the Department by ordering immigration officers and agents to violate the laws and sabo-taging enforcement in a number of ways. These are direct orders of this administration, dismantling systemic enforcement of our laws. So I think the Senate Democrats and 
the President must answer why they believe funding Executive amnesty and unlawful immigration policies would make this country safer. 
They say: Well, you won’t pass a 
Homeland Security bill like we want it. You are not making America safe. 
I say their policies eviscerating law 
enforcement are making America less safe, as the Immigration and Customs agents do, the ones who process the ap-plicants. 
Ken Palinkas, the President of the 
National Citizenship and Immigration Services Council, has written that: This amnesty executed by the Presi-dent will make us less safe. 
His amnesty makes us less safe. Pass-
ing a bill that stops his amnesty will make us more safe. As a matter of fact, he said that more than one time—a number of times. He is very concerned, as his officers are, that if they carry out these policies, the American people are going to be less safe. In fact, they have said explicitly there is no way they can carry out in any effective manner the unlawful orders of the President of the United States. 
Is anybody listening to the people 
who do the work every day? Does any-body care what they think? Apparently not. 
So they are going to come to the 
floor and accuse Republicans in the House and on this side of the aisle of not making America safe when their own officers say the President’s poli-cies are making America less safe. 
They say there is no way they can ef-
fectively process the individuals they are asked to process. They can’t proc-ess the numbers today, much less what will happen under this bill when they have to process another 5 million. It is just a very unwise thing. 
So what did the courts say? I think 
this is an important quote from the Texas court. A Federal court found that the President had overstepped his bounds. That is what the court fun-damentally declared, stating: 
It is Congress, and Congress alone, who has 
the power under the Constitution to legislate in the field of immigration. 
That is absolutely true. It is in the 
Constitution. As he said: 
It is Congress, and Congress alone, who has 
the power under the Constitution to legislate in the field of immigration. 
So after the President issued his 
order and his Department issued orders of amnesty on November 20, 2014, the President, amazingly, said this: ‘‘I just took an action to change the law.’’ Don’t we know from elementary school that Congress passes the law? The President doesn’t pass the law. He said 22 times that he didn’t have the power to do this, but now he has moved for-ward and admitted he is changing the law. 
Well, some of our colleagues think: 
Oh, if we resist this, the President is going to accuse us of not funding Homeland Security, not protecting the Republic. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:43 Feb 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24FE6.027 S24FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1050 February 24, 2015 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
ROUNDS ). The Senator’s time has ex-
pired. 
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent for 1 additional minute. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. SESSIONS. But I don’t think 
that is so. 
They say: Well, the press is unfair. Well, not always. I think sometimes 
we Republicans are right to complain but not always. 
This is what the headlines are today. 
The headlines aren’t saying Repub-licans are blocking the bill. 
Politico: ‘‘Democrats filibuster De-
partment of Homeland Security bill.’’ 
The Hill: ‘‘Shutdown looms as Dems 
block DHS bill.’’ 
McClatchy: ‘‘Filibuster continues as 
Senate Dems block DHS funding bill.’’ 
CNN: ‘‘Senate Dems block Homeland 
Security funding bill again.’’ 
Washington Post: ‘‘Senate Democrats 
block DHS spending bill targeting Obama’s immigration actions.’’ 
Associated Press: ‘‘Dems Block Ac-
tion on DHS-Immigration Bill.’’ 
New York Times: ‘‘Senate Democrats 
Block Vote on Homeland Security Bill.’’ 
Politico: ‘‘Dems filibuster DHS bill.’’ Well, that is absolutely true. We are 
bringing the bill to the floor. We are not blocking it. We want to fully fund Homeland Security. We want the laws enforced. We don’t want to spend money from Homeland Security to eviscerate the law of the United States and undermine immigration law in America, and we don’t want to fund an unlawful action by the President. 
I thank the Chair and yield the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Washington. 
KEYSTONE PIPELINE  
Ms. CANTWELL. Mr. President, I 
rise today to applaud the President’s veto of legislation that would have rubberstamped the construction of the Keystone Pipeline. This legislation al-lowed a circumvention of Federal re-view processes and allowed corpora-tions not to adhere to various environ-mental safety standards that are im-portant for the American people. So I am glad the President is vetoing this legislation. 
The rules for siting cross-border pipe-
lines are well established, and time and time again TransCanada has shown that it doesn’t want to play by the rules. So with this veto by the Presi-dent of the United States, he is clearly saying TransCanada must play by the rules. 
The President’s veto recognizes three 
important implications for Congress in the intervening and trying to pass this Keystone Pipeline process. 
First, this bill was premature be-
cause it authorized the construction of the pipeline while legal and adminis-trative processes were still ongoing in Nebraska and North and South Dakota and where landowners and tribes are seeking review in the courts and before 
regulatory bodies. 
The legislation also eliminates the 
need for a national interest determina-tion, which is associated with the proc-ess of the pipeline, which was a key au-thority for the U.S. Government to in-sist on safety and environmental regu-lations. It is a process that should have allowed the State Department and the President to insist on pipeline safety conditions. 
Finally, this legislation did not ad-
dress the loophole for tar sands oil companies to avoid paying for oilspill cleanups. 
By vetoing this bill, the President re-
fused to throw hundreds of conditions out the window. These are things from 59 different pipeline safety conditions that would have been legally binding— but not if the legislation had passed. 
My colleagues also remember that we 
talked about work—that we now have concerns on the existing Keystone Pipeline. So I am glad the President of the United States vetoed this legisla-tion. 
I hope we will get on to working on 
other important energy opportunities. I hope my colleagues will not try to override this veto but instead focus on renewing the energy tax credits that help employ hundreds of thousands of people in various industries—anything from solar, to wind, to hybrid electric vehicles—and get on to the other issues that are so important for us in talking about a 21st-century energy strategy. 
Again, I am glad the President of the 
United States has vetoed this legisla-tion that would have been a rubberstamp by Congress for a special interest. Instead, let’s make sure all environmental and safety conditions are met. 
I thank the Presiding Officer, and I 
yield the floor. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the role. 
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. President, one of 
the measures that took place in this Executive amnesty that has been too little commented upon since the Presi-dent signed these orders in November is another program which has not been authorized by law which would add sev-eral hundred thousand new workers to our country. 
This is the headline from an article 
today: ‘‘DHS Extends Eligibility for Employment Authorization to Certain H–4 Dependent Spouses of H–1B Non-immigrants Seeking Employment- Based Lawful Permanent Residence.’’ 
The H–1B program was set up for cer-
tain individuals to come and work for 3 years and then extend maybe another 3 years only, to take a job in those in-dustries and fields where there is a shortage of workers, and it does allow 
the spouses to come. But since its be-ginning it has barred spouses from working; otherwise we would be dou-bling the number of workers. So this bill now just up and approves spouses of H–1B workers to work. 
The U.S. Citizenship and Immigra-
tion Service, USCIS, estimates that ‘‘the number of individuals eligible to apply for employment authorization under this rule could be as high as 179,600 in the first year and 55,000 annu-ally in subsequent years.’’ This is a very large addition to the workforce. 
One might say: Well, it is good that 
spouses can work. 
Well, what if your child wants a job? 
What if you want a job? What if your spouse wants a job and is looking for a job? Now we will have another 250,000 job applicants, contrary to law. 
There are many other aspects of the 
President’s Executive order that have not been given attention. I think this one is worth commenting about. 
There has been no sense at all by 
President Obama, the Department of Homeland Security, Jeh Johnson, the Democratic Members of this Congress— no concern about the employment prospects of lawful immigrants, green card holders, and native-born Ameri-cans. We have high unemployment and the lowest percentage of Americans in the working age group actually holding jobs in America that we have had since 1970. Wages are down. Professor Borjas at Harvard documents that excessive immigration pulls down wages. Since 2007 wages of median-income families are down $4,000. 
I would say to colleagues that the 
first thing we should do is focus on get-ting jobs for Americans who are unem-ployed. Are we going to keep Ameri-cans on welfare and benefits while we bring in more and more foreigners to take jobs when we have Americans ready and willing to take those jobs? 
They like to suggest these guest 
workers are doing farm work. They are not. The overwhelming majority of guest workers admitted to the U.S. are not farm workers, but are taking jobs throughout the economy. A farm work-er program, with temporary labor, if properly managed, is a good program. I do not oppose that. People come and work for a period of time, and if they return home and come back the next season and make enough money to take care of their families maybe for the whole year, that can work if prop-erly managed. But look at this. The H– 1Bs are people with high-tech degrees, high-tech skills. They are competing against college graduates who have computer skills and other skills. 
This is what we get. This is how it is 
working in this country. A bunch of companies got together and they signed a letter to Speaker B
OEHNER and 
NANCY PELOSI , the Democratic leader 
in the House, asking for immigration reform back in September 2013. They said they needed more H–1B workers, and they pushed for that. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:43 Feb 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24FE6.029 S24FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1051 February 24, 2015 
I would just note this: Byron York 
from the Washington Examiner has written about this, and this is what the facts are. They are not hiring people. They don’t have a shortage of workers. They are laying off workers in very large numbers. Hewlett-Packard had 29,000 job cuts in 2012—29,000. They signed the letter. Cisco Systems elimi-nated 4,000 jobs in August 2013 in addi-tion to 8,000 cut in the last 2 years. They signed the letter asking for more H–1B workers. United Technologies cut 3,000 jobs in 2013; American Express, 5,400 jobs in 2013; Procter & Gamble, 5,700 jobs in 2012; and T-Mobile, 2,250 layoffs in 2012. These are companies that are asking for more foreign work-ers. 
This is another report that was in the 
Los Angeles Times just a few days ago: ‘‘A loophole in immigration law is costing thousands of American jobs.’’ 
Since last summer, [Southern California] 
Edison— 
The biggest utility company in Cali-
fornia— 
which serves nearly 14 million customers, 
has been firing its domestic IT workers and replacing them with outsourced employees from India. . . . The pay for Edison’s domes-tic IT specialists is about $80,000 to $160,000 not including benefits. 
Good pay. 
The two Indian outsourcing firms pro-
viding workers to Edison, Tata Consultancy Services and Infosys, pay their recruits an average of about $65,000 to $71,000, according to federal filings. 
They are laying off hundreds and re-
quiring the California Edison employ-ees to train the H–1B workers who shouldn’t be coming into America un-less there is a job need that is unfilled. How can you say we don’t have quali-fied people? They are doing the job, and they are expected to train them. This is the kind of thing that is out of con-trol. Somebody needs to defend the le-gitimate interests of middle America. 
We need to ask ourselves: Does this 
make sense? Should the President be doubling up on it with his Executive amnesty that would add 179,600 new workers in the first year of his order and 55,000 more annually on top of the H–1B flow? We have legislation that has moved in this Senate that would more than double the number of H–1B workers coming into the country when the evidence indicates they are not needed. It might make businesses happy; they can pay half the salary of what they would otherwise be paying. But it would not be good for Americans who invested in education, trained themselves, worked themselves into a good job, and have it pulled out from under them. 
I thank the Chair and yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Ohio. 
PRESIDENTIAL LEADERSHIP  
Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I wish 
I could rise today to talk about the un-derlying legislation we are supposed to be talking about, which is a bill to fund the Department of Homeland Security, and also address the President’s Execu-
tive order on immigration, which went around the Congress but also went around the American people. 
A judge in Texas agrees with those of 
us on this side of the aisle who look at this as an illegal act. Instead, the President ought to work with us. The President should work with the House and the Senate and the elected rep-resentatives of the American people to actually pass a law to help fix what is broken in our immigration system. 
We are not able to get on that legis-
lation, and it is not because we have differences about the bill that we could talk about. We could have votes on amendments and debate this issue, but there are those on the other side of the aisle who have decided they don’t even want us to have the opportunity to hash out those differences so we can vote. I think the constituents I rep-resent in Ohio expect us to have that debate, and they want us to have that debate. I hope those on the other side of the aisle will let us have that de-bate, and we could have a good, honest discussion about this and address both of these problems—the need to fund the Department and also the need to ad-dress this Executive order. I think it is another example where Washington has let down the people I represent. 
In the meantime, this is no time for 
political games. It is a dangerous world. We have a real problem, not just here at home in protecting the home-land, but also with fires burning all around the world. It is time we showed some leadership both here in this Chamber and down the street at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue. It is time for Presidential leadership. 
If you turn on the TV tonight, what 
you will see is those fires burning. You will see a world more dangerous than the one we had after 9/11. You will see threats to the United States and our allies that seem to grow with every passing day. But even as these threats grow, it seems as though our President is increasingly hesitant to lead. 
Iran, despite the platitudes of the 
Obama administration, which seems really eager to find an agreement and make a deal, continues its march to-ward developing nuclear weapons. 
ISIS, the group the President once 
described as the JV team when they were in Iraq flying the black flag of Islam extremism over cities such as Fallujah and Mosul, cities where Amer-ican marines gave their lives to lib-erate—the President called them the JV team. 
Russian soldiers now move freely 
through eastern Ukraine, and the sepa-ratists there are using Russian equip-ment, they are trained by the Russian military, led by Russian special forces, and they continue to wage war on an American ally, Ukraine. While we all hoped the recent cease-fire would hold, all indications are that Russia and its proxies are taking advantage of that cease-fire in Ukraine to continue their aggression. Across Europe—in France, Denmark, 
and Belgian—innocent people have been murdered. Some were murdered for opposing terrorists aims, and some for the simple fact they are Jewish. These attacks are not random, as has been suggested by the administration. Unfortunately, they are designed to in-cite fear and weaken our resolve to op-pose Islamic terrorism wherever we find it. 
We must not allow them to succeed 
any more than we must stand silent in the face of Iranian threats and Russian aggression. What we must do is take a long, hard look at how we got here and what we must do going forward to change the situation. 
In my view, a lot of the chaos we are 
seeing across the globe stems from a lack of leadership. Into that void, chaos ensues. The defining themes in the Obama administration’s approach to foreign policy have been a pref-erence for disengagement and an un-willingness to shoulder the responsi-bility of global leadership the way pre-vious Presidents—Democrat and Re-publican alike—have done. As the ad-ministration itself has said, they prefer to lead from behind. 
The President has said that ‘‘the tra-
jectory of this planet overall is one to-ward less violence, more tolerance.’’ I don’t know about that. I don’t think history moves inexorably toward more justice and more peace. These trajec-tories don’t just happen, people make them happen. Leadership is the key. 
When America is strong, when we 
stand unequivocally for freedom and justice and the right of all people to choose their own destiny, when we do not back down in the face of threats and intimidation, that is when we see a world that is more stable, less dan-gerous, and more free. 
More wars, more conflicts, more 
threats to our security—these don’t typically arise from American strength. They arise from American weakness. When we look around the world—whether it is in Gaza or Eastern Europe or Iraq or Iran or Syria, the in-crease in violence and instability has coincided with the growing perception that the United States of America is either unwilling or unable to take a stand against threats to international security and stability. Addressing these complex challenges—and many of them are very complex—requires a sus-tained and proactive American leader-ship role and American engagement. It requires strategies that seek to shape outcomes, not be shaped by them. 
There is a lot at stake. Events in 
Ukraine, the Middle East, and else-where are a direct challenge to the United States-led international order, which has led to unprecedented global prosperity and stability for both the United States and for the world. Con-fidence in America’s willingness to use our unmatched economic, political, and military capabilities to uphold our system deters potential challengers and incentivizes other countries to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Feb 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24FE6.029 S24FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1052 February 24, 2015 
play by the rules, which reduces the 
chances of war. If the credibility of this commitment is in doubt, then the sta-bility and openness upon which U.S. economic prosperity and national secu-rity depend is jeopardized and the chance for violence, instability, and economic collapse increases. The world is watching. They are watching to see whether this American-led order can withstand these challenges or if we really are entering into a period of the post-American world. 
In Ukraine, the administration’s re-
sponse has been incomplete, reac-tionary, and ineffective. There are many political and economic dimen-sions of this conflict, and Ukraine needs Western support to implement crucial reforms in these areas. But there is also a military dimension to this crisis that we cannot continue to ignore. Sanctions alone have not worked. The so-called cease-fire agree-ments have not worked. As President Obama, Angela Merkel, and Francois Hollande debate and discuss cease-fires and timelines, Russia is deciding the outcome on the ground in eastern Ukraine this afternoon as we talk. Un-less we help provide Ukraine with the tools they need to prevent that from happening, any future agreements will only solidify this reality. Let’s allow them to defend themselves. Russia con-tinues to believe that military force is a viable option to achieve its goals, and unless the United States and its Euro-pean allies and NATO help the Ukrain-ians prove otherwise, this behavior is unlikely to change. 
It is well known by now that the 
President has refused to adopt policies that actually provide Ukraine with the capabilities it needs. A bipartisan coa-lition, on the other hand, has emerged here in Congress on the need to do more, and we will continue to advocate for a change in course and pursuit of a proactive, comprehensive strategy that actually works. 
In the Middle East, proactive Amer-
ican leadership requires upholding our commitment to stand unequivocally with Israel. No other nation in the world would be expected to put up with tunnels into their cities with rockets raining down on people’s homes. The press got it wrong last year, and with all due respect, I believe the President got it wrong too. There is no moral equivalence in Gaza. 
I have made a few trips to Israel. I 
met with their people. I have walked the streets of Sderot and have seen the remains of missiles that were targeted against innocents with hatred and an intent to kill and maim. I have been out to the bomb shelters and the in-door fortified playgrounds built so chil-dren can have a chance to play without fear. I have spent time with an Iron Dome battery crew outside Ashkelon. I can tell you this: From what I have learned, the people of Israel want peace. 
Unfortunately, we know the biggest 
winner from this administration’s wa-vering support of Israel is Iran. Iran 
continues to stall on negotiations meant to end their nuclear weapons program. They continue to ask for more time, and the administration con-tinues to grant it. Meanwhile, Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu is com-ing to the United States next week to speak of the threat that Iran poses not only to Israel but to the world, and the President seems to be too busy to meet with him. Truly, the world has turned upside down. 
A key test of U.S. leadership is en-
suring that Iran does not retain nu-clear capability in their continued march toward weaponization. If it were in my power, I would put the Kirk- Menendez Iran sanctions bill—of which I am an original cosponsor—here on the floor on the Senate today, and, by the way, it would pass. I believe it would pass with over 60 votes because Republicans and Democrats alike rec-ognize that Iran will not negotiate in good faith unless the United States is unequivocal in our commitment to ending the nuclear threat Iran poses. 
You will recall that this legislation 
does not impose new sanctions that would be imposed now. These sanctions would be imposed if the Iranians do not agree to halt their nuclear weapons program as required, by the way, by the United Nations. These are lever-aged for the White House, and the White House should use that leverage. 
American leadership is needed for a 
more stable and peaceful world. I be-lieve the future does not belong to big-otry and hate, but to freedom-loving people of the world, and the United States of America must lead the way. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator’s time has expired. 
Mr. PORTMAN. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Minnesota. 
Mr. FRANKEN. Mr. President, I rise 
today to talk about the funding for the Department of Homeland Security and the continuing need for immigration reform. 
We need to fund the Department of 
Homeland Security and we should pass a clean DHS funding bill. That is the only bill that can pass the Senate, and that is the only bill that should pass the Senate. Once that bill has passed the Senate and the House and becomes law, then we can and should move on to consider immigration legislation. 
Republican leadership in the Senate 
has wasted a lot of time over the past month politicizing immigration and mixing it up with the issue of funding this Federal agency that helps to pro-tect the United States from terrorists and other threats, and those threats are real. Just this past weekend, the terrorist organization al-Shabaab issued a threatening video suggesting that the Mall of America in my State of Minnesota could be a target for a terrorist attack. 
Look, this issue is not something we 
should be politicizing. We should enact into law a clean funding bill for DHS, and we should fund the Department for 
the whole year and not make the De-partment run for a short time on a con-tinuing resolution and just revisit the issue in the near future. That is not what we want. And then we should and can debate immigration. 
I have always believed the best way 
to accomplish meaningful and sustain-able immigration reform is through congressional action. In the last Con-gress, the Senate took such action. As a member of the Judiciary Committee, I was very proud to play an active role in the comprehensive immigration bill the Senate passed with broad bipar-tisan support. For me, this was a model of how the Senate was supposed to work. Four Senators from each side of the aisle, known as the Gang of 8, came together and crafted a bill which we then marked up in the Judiciary Com-mittee, and I was very pleased that a number of my amendments were in-cluded in the bill, which then went to the Senate floor and passed with 68 votes. That bill would have provided a real and comprehensive overhaul of our broken immigration system. 
It would have significantly strength-
ened our border security, and it would have helped a lot of people—from small businesses to families in our legal im-migration system to the many undocu-mented immigrants who would have an opportunity, through a tough but fair path, to get right with the law. There are millions of people in our country who want the same things that all of us want—a steady job, excellent education for our children, and a brighter future for their families. But they are living in limbo and often in fear. Our bill would help them come out of the shad-ows and get right with the law. 
The Senate passed our bill in June of 
2013. I was very hopeful the House would take up and pass the Senate bill. If the House had allowed a vote on the Senate bill, it would have passed the House and been enacted into law. That would have meant real and lasting re-form to our broken immigration sys-tem. Unfortunately, over the course of the next year and a half the Republican leadership in the House failed to act on the bipartisan immigration reform bill passed in the Senate—again, with 68 votes. The President took a step for-ward that will help a lot of people and will help to address fixing our broken immigration system. 
While I still believe Congress needs 
to act, I think we need to keep the Ex-ecutive actions in place until we do. I will not support any legislative effort to undo President Obama’s Executive actions. We are presented with a choice. Once we pass a bill into law to fund the Department of Homeland Se-curity, we can take a step forward and help a lot more people by passing com-prehensive immigration reform or we can take a step backward and harm a lot of people without getting any closer to the comprehensive immigration re-form we need. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:43 Feb 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24FE6.030 S24FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1053 February 24, 2015 
I will vote to move forward, not 
backward. We need a fully funded De-partment of Homeland Security, and we need a comprehensively overhauled immigration system. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Ms. 
A
YOTTE ). The clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. BENNET. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
G
ARDNER ). Without objection, it is so 
ordered. 
CHILDHOOD POVERTY  
Mr. BENNET. Mr. President, it is a 
privilege to be here with my colleague from Colorado. 
I rise to talk about our schools and 
really to talk about our values and our morality—what we stand for as a coun-try—and to ask whether we are able to look forward and create a better future for our children. 
To set the record straight, let me be 
clear. When it comes to our children, I have fallen short, you have fallen short, and this body has fallen short. Let me explain why. 
We have learned in the last couple of 
weeks that over half of the public school children in this country are now poor enough that they qualify for free or reduced lunches at school—children who, through no fault of their own, are reaping the whirlwind of 15 years of stagnant middle-class family income and the effects of the worst recession since the Great Depression. 
By many measures, as the Presiding 
Officer knows, Colorado’s economy leads the Nation. But even in our home State, we see more children living in poverty. In fact, the number of chil-dren in poverty is growing faster in Colorado than in most of the other 50 States. 
As a country and as a State, we are 
making a lot of progress in a number of dimensions, but we are headed in the wrong direction when it comes to our kids. That is a bad sign for any country but particularly for a democracy that aspires to be the land of opportunity. 
A girl in poverty in the United States 
is five times more likely to be a young single mother than a child from a mid-dle-class family, and a boy in poverty is twice as likely to be incarcerated as his middle-class peers. Children from low-income families in this country are about three times less likely to grad-uate from high school. Someone from a family in poverty stands only a 9-in-100 chance of earning a college degree. Think about that. There are 100 seats in this Chamber. There are 100 desks in this Chamber. If they represented chil-dren living in poverty in the United States, that desk, that desk, that desk, those three desks, and three of those desks would represent college grad-uates. The entire rest of this Chamber would be people that would never earn a college degree or its equivalent and who would be constrained to the mar-gins of our economy and our democ-
racy as a result after that. 
Interestingly enough, the equivalent 
number for children in the top quarter of income earners is almost 80 out of 100. So 80 of these desks from a more affluent family—80 of these desks would represent a person who grad-uated with a college degree or its equivalent, and 20 would represent peo-ple that had fallen short, but nine poor children would have a college degree. In other words, in a way that is pro-foundly at war with our founding ideals, poverty breeds deeper poverty, lack of educational achievement reaps deeper academic failure, and broken families are the surest predictor of more broken families in the next gen-eration and the generations beyond that. This is a sentence of unequal op-portunity for all poor Americans, no matter the color of their skin. It is a generational sentence for 7 out of 10 children who will remain at the bottom of the income scale their entire lives. 
Are there people who defy these 
odds? Of course there are. As super-intendent of the Denver public schools and in this job, I have met scores of children who have overcome the odds— sometimes alone—but often also with the help of a parent who wouldn’t quit, a teacher who wouldn’t take ‘‘no’’ for an answer, a former gang member whose sworn duty is to keep young peo-ple out of gangs, a philanthropist who insisted that Denver’s kids would go to college. In these exceptional children I have seen the indomitable nature of the human spirit persevere against all odds and have recognized how little I and most of us have achieved by com-parison. 
I have met kids who take three buses 
both ways to school leaving as early as 5:30 in the morning just to have the benefit of a better school all the way on the other side of town, kids who can’t get up in the morning because they have to work until 11 o’clock or 12 o’clock at night in a fast food res-taurant to help pay the rent, kids who pour their heart and soul out into their studies and communities only to learn that college is not for them because of an immigration status they did not even know that they had. 
I met kids who were the primary 
caregivers of younger brothers and sis-ters who are taking care of ailing par-ents and grandparents, who have made it to college for the first time in their family’s history who are that 9 in 100, who represent the best of our human spirit. They are our heroes. 
As one of our Denver public school 
students, Chaunsea Dyson from South High School, recently told a radio re-porter, ‘‘When you are growing up in poverty, when you are 15 or 16 that means you are grown.’’ 
That means you are grown. As the father of three girls who are 
15, 14, and 10, I would say that is an awful lot to expect of a 16-year-old, es-pecially one coming from cir-cumstances few in this Chamber could overcome. My point is that while there 
are many heroic people in our schools— kids, teachers, principals—succeeding in our school system today, heroism is not a standard we tend to count on for the success of human enterprise. We simply can’t scale heroism. I wish we could—but we can’t—to address the scope of our achievement gap. It is too much to ask, and it is not fair to our kids who have no control over the cir-cumstances of their birth. 
I don’t think there is one Member in 
this Chamber who could come and say that is not true, that a child could con-trol somehow the circumstances of his or her birth, because one of the endur-ing truths of being a human being is that we don’t get to choose our par-ents. We don’t choose to be born into a home of wealth or poverty, a home that values books or learning or a home which for whatever reason does not. That is a matter of good and bad luck. Yet those circumstances beyond our children’s control—absolutely be-yond their control—today almost al-ways determine educational outcomes in the United States of America. 
So the question is, What is our obli-
gation? What is our obligation as a na-tion to remedy the burden of bad luck for millions of American children? 
I believe at a minimum it means we 
have a moral duty to assure that our less lucky children have educational opportunities that let them make the most of their God-given potential. That is certainly what I would want for my own daughters. If we are honest, then by any reckoning we are failing to meet this moral duty and I would say failing very badly. If we ask ourselves why we are failing to do our duty—how can this be—in my mind it comes down to a sad and simple reality: We are treating America’s children as if they were someone else’s children rather than our own. 
To demonstrate this let’s consider 
what conditions we have allowed to exist for a child born, through no fault of her own, into poverty in the United States of America in the year 2015. We know that by the age of 4 she will have heard 30 million fewer words than her more affluent peers—30 million. Ask any elementary schoolteacher in the country whether that will make a dif-ference in how prepared she is for kin-dergarten. Fewer than half of poor chil-dren start school with the skills they need to be ready to succeed in kinder-garten. Every elementary school-teacher in America knows that. What are the odds her neighborhood school will meet her needs? How about a school 1 mile away? How about a school 5 miles away? It is not likely in many American cities and rural com-munities. 
When she reaches the fourth grade 
her odds are no better. She is 9 years old and there are 30 children in her classroom. On average, 24 of her class-mates cannot read at grade level—24 out of 30. Her chances of being a pro-ficient reader—20 percent—one in five. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:43 Feb 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24FE6.032 S24FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1054 February 24, 2015 
One in five poor children cannot read 
at grade level in the fourth grade in the United States of America this week, today, this year. Would any of us accept those odds or outcomes for our own children? Would any one person in this Chamber accept that? Would any of us still be in Washington engaged in the Potemkin debates we are having if our child couldn’t read by the fourth grade? Of course not—of course we wouldn’t. But we act as if it is not our children who are the casualties, and so we smile and we stroke our chins on the cable TV and pretend this is all somehow out of our hands, too hard to solve, someone else’s problem. 
Here is where it ends. In this knowl-
edge-based global economy, this unfor-giving global economy, only 9 out of 100 kids, as I said in poverty, will grad-uate with a college degree or its equiv-alent and 91 will not. These are the re-sults we have produced for our children in this unforgiving global economy. 
But for once let’s put aside the fin-
ger-pointing and the blame—although we should take our fair share of respon-sibility—and let’s ask the questions our children might reasonably ask to judge their Nation’s leaders. 
For example, they might ask: Why do 
we trail behind 35 other developed countries in our math scores? Why does the United States rank 20th in increas-ing educational attainment from one generation to the next—20th; the least likely country to produce more edu-cated people coming after us than there were before us. 
Why are American children much 
more likely to be stuck in the eco-nomic class into which they are born than children in at least 12 other coun-tries, including Canada, Japan, Ger-many, Australia, and Denmark? 
These seem like reasonable ques-
tions. You wouldn’t know they were on anybody’s mind around here with what concerns us on this floor, but I can tell you it is of concern to people at home. 
Why are we consigning, they might 
ask, our children and ourselves to a so-cial economic framework that is in-creasing, not decreasing, inequality in this country, when other countries in the world are headed in the opposite di-
rection? 
Why are we putting up with a set of 
circumstances in which income and equality in America has grown signifi-cantly much faster than other industri-alized countries in the world? If I were a child living in poverty in this coun-try, those are the questions I would want to know, in addition to the fact that I can’t find a school, not just down the street, not just in my neighborhood but in my city or even in the region of my State to go to. To put it another way, I can’t find a school in my com-munity that any Member of the Senate would be proud to send their child to. 
Why can’t I find that school? I didn’t pick my parents. That was a 
question of good luck or bad luck. In my case it was bad luck. 
I know there are profound disagree-
ments about whether the Federal, State or local government should serve 
our kids and how. I am even sympa-thetic, believe me, as a former school superintendent, to many arguments about how poorly Washington is often situated to help. But surely as a na-tion, one way or another, we have a moral obligation. That is our legacy as Americans ‘‘in Order to form a more perfect Union, establish Justice, ensure domestic Tranquility, provide for the common defense, promote the general Welfare, and secure the Blessings of Liberty to ourselves and our Posterity. ...  ’ ’  
Imagine how less powerful the Pre-
amble to the Constitution would have been if it stopped with ourselves, pe-riod—but it didn’t. It resolves the ques-tion in favor of our posterity—our pos-terity, not someone else’s—our chil-dren, not someone else’s. What would this debate sound like if we were seri-ous about this moral obligation? 
Without deciding today who would 
deliver and pay for these important so-cial goods, something we should debate and understand, consult with our States and our school districts, our parents and our communities; but, without making those decisions today, if we just were treating the country’s children as our own children, what would this debate sound like? What would we do? 
We surely would provide every parent 
and her child with the choice to access early childhood education from birth to age 5 in order to attack that 30 mil-lion word deficit. Surely we would do that. 
I am not saying we should do it. I 
don’t think we should do that from here, but as a nation we should do that. Surely we would ensure that every child, without exception and regardless of where they live, has the choice to at-tend a high-performing school from kindergarten to 12th grade. Surely we would do that. 
We would enable every young person, 
consistent with most of our postwar history, the chance to attain a college degree or other advanced technical training without bankrupting their family. I saw some data this weekend about this that showed that in 1975— and admittedly it was the high-water mark—the Pell grants covered roughly 76 percent of what it cost to go to col-lege, the average cost of college. Do you know what that number is now? It is 22 percent, mostly because the cost of college has increased so much. 
Bankruptcy is a real issue. These 
goals—early childhood education, a great K–12 school, affordable college— might seem obvious and even unimagi-native to many of us in this Chamber, but that might be because we take them for granted for our own children. Of course we want high-quality early childhood education, of course we want a high-quality K–12 school, of course we want our young people to have ac-cess to college without bankrupting our family, and that is the experience of a lot of people in this Chamber. The terrible reality for most poor children 
in America in 2015 is that these simple goals are as out of reach as flying to the Moon, all over this country. 
Some say we can’t afford to change, 
and I say we can’t afford not to change. The costs of failure, as we know, are simply too high. Since the Industrial Revolution, we have had the greatest economy the world has ever known, and if we are to remain so in the 21st century, we must educate our people. We have no other choice. They are our greatest asset. We can do it. 
I am not proposing today a new Fed-
eral program of any kind. However, I will say if it were left up to me, we would have a standing committee in the Senate focused exclusively on our children and their future. Such a com-mittee would, for example, examine every funding stream in the Federal budget related to kids and ask what is working and what is not working. What redundancies exist? How are we going to align every single taxpayer dollar or tax credit to help support the health, education, and well-being of our chil-dren? 
I suspect that in addition to increas-
ing efficiency, we would decide to spend more of our resources in and around schools. That is where our kids are, after all, and that is where the people who have served them in our communities need to be instead of tied up in the redtape of compliance and outdated and unimaginative Federal rules and regulations. 
In addition to that, we need to ex-
plore more efficient ways to finance so-cial welfare programs, promote more creative ways to weave our social safe-ty net in this country, and reform our criminal justice system. A good start would be to graduate children from high school, since around 80 percent of our prison inmates are high-school dropouts. That would help a lot. We need to better engage with the private and nonprofit sectors when the govern-ment isn’t working well enough. This is all part of a broader but essential conversation, one this body continues to avoid while it wanders from one phony conflict to the next, and one that becomes more difficult and more expensive the longer we wait. 
Our kids are waiting for us to have 
this conversation. We are wasting their time. It is one thing for us to waste our own time—although the capacity for doing that around here is beyond be-lief—but we ought to stop wasting our kids’ time. As I said, it is only going to become more difficult and more expen-sive the longer we wait. 
In the meantime, we have before us 
the potential to rewrite the Elemen-tary and Secondary School Act. Fixing so-called No Child Left Behind is only one piece of the puzzle. Given where we are, this is all pretty modest stuff. There are some very encouraging signs, although the law has plenty of flaws. In fact, I said many times that if we had a rally out in front of the Capitol to keep No Child Left Behind the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:43 Feb 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24FE6.034 S24FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1055 February 24, 2015 
same—if that is what the rally was 
for—not a single person in America would show up for that rally. 
Incidentally, while we have this reau-
thorization in front of us, it is a reau-thorization that should have happened 7 years ago. It expired 7 years ago. We are running education policy in this country by waivers from the Depart-ment of Education because this Con-gress cannot do its job. Almost 40 of 50 States have waivers from the law as it exists today. Let’s change the law. Let’s write it properly. Let’s do our work around here instead of spending our time on things the American peo-ple don’t want us to spend our time on. 
Although everybody loves to hate No 
Child Left Behind, and I put myself in that category, it has some good things. It required us to face the facts about how our kids in poverty are doing in our schools. It shed light for the first time on the achievement gap—the bru-tal achievement gap—we have in this country, and some school districts stepped up. Denver Public Schools is one such district. 
Over the last decade, Denver Public 
Schools has implemented a number of changes and has seen real results. My schoolboard and my principals and my teachers and our kids and I would be the first to say we have not yet gotten to a place where you can say the ZIP Code you were born into doesn’t deter-mine the education you are going to get, but we are a lot closer in Denver. We are a lot closer there than we are in a lot of other cities in this country. We have seen some real results. 
Almost 30 percent more students 
graduated and went to college last year than in 2005. That is not enough. We are not satisfied with that. But if you could say that about every single city in this country, that we were grad-uating and sending 30 percent more students to college than we were in 2005, that might give us some hope for the future. That might suggest that some outcomes other than the ones we have been seeing with the result of 9 out of 100 poor kids getting a college degree is not where we have to end up, is not where we have to land. 
I am here to tell you, not as a U.S. 
Senator, but as someone who was a su-perintendent of the Denver Public Schools, this is possible. It is possible to change these outcomes in urban dis-tricts and in rural districts for children who are unlucky enough to be born into poverty in the greatest Nation on the planet—unlucky enough to be born poor and not born rich. 
Denver has recognized the impor-
tance of providing access to high-qual-ity, early childhood education, and now an estimated 70 percent of Denver’s 4- year-olds are enrolled in preschool. That was not true in 2005. 
As the Presiding Officer knows, we 
live in a State that doesn’t require or pay for 5-year-olds to go to kinder-garten. That is a shame. But because of the changes we made in Denver, our 5- year-olds go to kindergarten—a full day if they want it, which most of 
them do—and 70 percent of the fourth graders in Denver have early childhood education, and it is not only delivered by the Denver Public Schools, but by other providers as well and the Denver public schools. 
This seems to be having an effect as 
kids who attend the Denver preschool program track higher in school readi-ness. They know more about the alpha-bet, words, and books. They have a higher vocabulary and are able to com-prehend basic math. And in kinder-garten, first, and second grade, they showed better literacy and math skills than their peers. 
The dropout rate in Denver has de-
creased since 2005 by 60 percent. Inci-dentally, the teen pregnancy rate has also fallen by 60 percent. Denver Public Schools has gone from being the dis-trict with the lowest rate of academic growth among major districts in the State to the highest for 3 straight years. I am not taking responsibility for that. I am here, not there. 
Last year DPS students from low-in-
come families had stronger growth in math and writing than nonfree- and re-duced-lunch students Statewide. And Denver’s nonfree- and reduced-lunch students showed more growth than their State counterparts in math by nine points. 
This was once labeled the failing 
school district in our State, but be-cause of the data that we have as a re-sult of No Child Left Behind, we can actually see what is happening—which kids are growing and which kids are not, which schools are driving growth among kids and which schools are not. 
You can look at a map of our city 
and find a school that looks just like your low-performing school with the same percentage of free- and reduced- lunch kids where kids are succeeding beyond their wildest dreams. Then what parents can do is say: I want that school, not this school, for my kid. Be-cause we have a robust system of choice in Denver, parents are able to take advantage of that data, and we simply would not have had the pro-liferation of high-performing charter schools if it had not been for No Child Left Behind. In addition, Denver has gone beyond that. 
We have 33 innovation schools where 
teachers and administrators have the flexibility to modernize their teaching practices and have more autonomy to make decisions at the school level to better meet the needs of individual stu-dents. And it is not just Denver. We have seen progress all across the coun-try—not remotely enough, but we have seen progress, and we cannot go back-ward. 
In the 3 decades prior to No Child 
Left Behind being passed—30 years— the average 9-year-old’s reading score on the National Assessment of Edu-cational Progress increased only 4 points—4 points in 30 years. Is that ac-ceptable? Contrast that to the gains from 1990 to 2012, which is roughly the life of No Child Left Behind. During 
that span, 9-year-olds gained 9 points in reading, about 7 times as much an-nual progress. We have seen similar progress in math—9-year-olds only in-creased 2 points from 1990 to 1999, but from 1999 to 2012, they gained 12 points. In that same span, African-American students improved by 15 points and Latino students improved by 21 points. 
The achievement gap shrunk as well. 
In reading, the gap between White and African-American 9-year-old students dropped from 35 to 23 points. It is still too big, but it is moving in the right direction. This represents progress, but as I have said, in the face of stiff com-petition worldwide, it is nowhere near enough. 
Since the year 2000, we have dropped 
from second to twelfth in the world in the production of college graduates. We need to write a bill that builds on our successes and turns us away from the failed practices of the past, and we can-not do it if we are constrained by the typical politics—the small politics of Washington. We cannot afford to have the same tired fights. We won’t always agree on everything, but I know we can find a way to pass a bill that helps our schools and school districts to make the decisions they think are best for the kids they are educating. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator’s time has expired. 
We are under a 10-minute time limi-
tation. 
Mr. BENNET. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent for 7 more minutes. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. BENNET. I appreciate the indul-
gence of my colleague from Louisiana. 
In a significant demonstration of 
leadership around here, Chairman A
LEXANDER and Senator M URRAY have 
told us they intend to write a bipar-tisan bill. Their process has the poten-tial to be a rare exception to the grid-lock that has gripped this Senate, along with our bipartisan work on the farm bill and immigration. 
Senators A
LEXANDER and M URRAY  
have both expressed a willingness to work together because they appreciate the importance of this task. They un-derstand the consequences of failure. They know enough about this issue, and they care enough about it. 
In January of 1941, during one of the 
Nation’s most difficult times—the height of the Great Depression and on the eve of our entry into the Second World War, Franklin Roosevelt de-clared that there were four universal freedoms that all persons possessed— freedom of speech, freedom of worship, freedom from want, and freedom from fear. 
Today, in the 21st century, some of 
these freedoms may be obtainable, but an honest assessment tells us it would be impossible to achieve all of them without something additional, and that is freedom from ignorance. In the end, freedom from ignorance is the surest relief from the shackles of poverty. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:43 Feb 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24FE6.036 S24FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1056 February 24, 2015 
Where does this leave us as we begin 
this important but long overdue na-tional conversation on the reauthoriza-tion of the Elementary and Secondary School Act? 
First, for all the reasons I have men-
tioned, America’s children would ben-efit if we treated our work less as legis-lators than as parents and grand-parents with a real stake in the out-come of what we decide. 
Second, we must be clear-eyed about 
the Federal Government’s proper role in American education and what is not. As a superintendent, I learned there are many things the Federal Govern-ment cannot and should not do when it comes to educating our children. And above all else, Washington cannot and should not micromanage our schools or our school districts or cultivate sys-tems driven by compliance rather than creativity. 
I believe the evidence of our failures 
and our successes over the last 15 years suggest three primary Federal respon-sibilities: equity, accountability, and innovation. After all, the deep and in-tractable inequities that persisted along lines of race and class and geog-raphy in America of the 1960s drove Lyndon Johnson to pass the first Ele-mentary and Secondary Schools Act. They drove the creation of title I, spe-cific funds targeted to the kids who needed the greatest support. 
Sadly, for all the reasons I said, half 
a century later the data reveals these profound inequities persist and our stu-dents need our help now more than ever. But there is also reason for hope in this data, and maybe that is the most important message I can bring. We now have evidence that sustains support to make the difference in clos-ing the pernicious gaps that remain for low-income kids around the country. Our deep commitment to equity, there-fore, is as important today as it was in 1963. 
This means not just committing title 
I resources, but continuing to expand efforts to open the best schools and at-tract the best teachers and principals to our communities in the greatest need. In particular, we must help teachers who are saying they want bet-ter preparation, they want an excellent principal in their school, they want a better compensation system and oppor-tunities for leadership that allow them to continue working with students. 
At DPS we have made some strides. 
We created the Denver Teacher Resi-dency Program and introduced dif-ferentiated pay. We used Federal inno-vation dollars to help us improve and expand early on. We are creating lead-ership roles for teachers who dem-onstrate results with their students. We survey our teachers every year, and their satisfaction rates are higher than the national average. But there is still much more for us to do. 
Second, those of us working in the 
field know we must have a clear, shared system of accountability, a sys-tem that allows us to monitor, under-stand, and improve outcomes for stu-
dents. This requires annual assess-ments that monitor progress and growth across all our cities and States. It requires breaking down data to show how and if we are closing the gaps for all students in our school districts. It means requiring States to take coura-geous action to turn around those schools that consistently fail our chil-dren. 
That is not just about paying atten-
tion to how we are serving our low-in-come students in Detroit or Denver. It means examining how well we serve our historically disadvantaged stu-dents even when they live in some of the most advantaged neighborhoods. As we do this, we need to work to re-duce the amount of testing in our schools. As the father of three daugh-ters in the Denver public schools, I am concerned about how much they are tested. But as their father, I also want to know every year how they are doing against a set of rigorous standards and compared to kids in Denver, across Col-orado, and around the world. Will they be ready for college? Do they have the skills they need to succeed in this glob-al economy? 
Third, we have learned over the last 
decade there is a vital Federal role when it comes to innovation in our schools. We can help provide the pre-conditions for success by providing in-centives for educators on the ground to apply their own creative thinking to address our most persistent education problems. 
I say to my colleague from Lou-
isiana, through the Chair, I am coming to the end. I owe him 10 minutes when-ever he would like it. I thank him for his indulgence. 
We will never solve the challenges 
our teachers and students face in Washington, period. We will not do it from here. We can help local leaders break free from a status quo that will never succeed for enough of America’s children. 
We should help identify the chal-
lenges, provide resources to local edu-cators to overcome them in the context that works best for their communities and their students, and we should con-tinue to be the clearinghouse that gathers these stories of successful in-novation and provide the resources to invest in scaling what works and shar-ing these practices across communities and States. 
Equity, accountability, innovation— 
that is our charge and the commitment we must keep if we are to build an America where we treat every child as if she were our own. 
As a parent myself, I am well aware 
the first responsibility any parent has is the education of her child. I am also aware that many people believe a bad education is just one more outcome produced by corrosive poverty in this country. Fix poverty, and you will fix education. Maybe so, but that is cold comfort for millions of children in our schools today. In the end, we have a duty as a na-
tion to ensure that education liberates our children, rather than reinforces the circumstances into which they were born. In that sense, America’s children are our children, our responsibility, not someone else’s. Can you really ac-cept an America in which your little girl has just a 1-in-5 chance of being able to read well or a 9-in-100 chance to graduate from college? Can you really demand heroism as a precondition for success? If this were your child, would you still be in the Senate, or would you go home and solve the problem? 
It has been said the future has no 
lobby in Washington, DC. Are we really content to have that depressing obser-vation be the ultimate verdict on our leadership? I doubt we are. I would raise this as a bipartisan challenge as I close. 
I know the Senator from Louisiana 
knows a lot about what I came to talk about today, and I look forward to working with him on the health com-mittee. 
Here is my bipartisan challenge. 
Let’s forge a lobby for the future. Let’s agree that the obligation we owe the Founders is to create more oppor-tunity, not less, for the children com-ing after us. Let’s pledge that every child in America is our child, and our future rests with her, as it most as-suredly does. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Louisiana. 
Mr. CASSIDY. Mr. President, I rise 
today in support of the House-passed Homeland Security appropriations bill. This bill is not just about whether we should fund the Department of Home-land Security to carry out the very im-portant work of protecting our Nation, but also whether we will provide am-nesty to those here illegally. 
First, let’s establish that the Con-
stitution says Congress has authority over our immigration and naturaliza-tion laws. The President does not have the authority to waive legal require-ments. The Supreme Court has upheld this on numerous occasions. The Presi-dent has admitted more than 20 times he does not have this authority. That said, now his administration is at-tempting to block the ruling the judge recently made to protect his amnesty plan. As has been reported in the pa-pers, Judge Hanen in Texas has put an injunction against proceeding with the President’s amnesty bill. It is reported the Department of Homeland Security, at the President’s direction, is moving forward with plans to seal large con-tracts with companies to process de-ferred-action applications for millions of illegal immigrants as soon as pos-sible. 
American families have seen Presi-
dent Obama rewrite the laws many times, and the outcomes of the recent elections show they do not support President Obama’s Executive over-reach. The President intends to grant amnesty to 5 million people. This will 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:43 Feb 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24FE6.038 S24FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1057 February 24, 2015 
not be done on a case-by-case basis as 
the law suggests it should be. It is going to be a rubberstamp, a rubberstamp at the expense of those who are legally attempting to come to our country. It will take longer for those who are attempting to come le-gally to gain admittance under the law. I support the efforts of those com-ing to the United States to make a bet-ter life for themselves and their fam-ily. We all believe in immigration. We just think immigration should be legal. 
The President has rewritten the law 
to allow illegal immigrants the ability to receive work permits and drivers li-censes which also includes receiving a Social Security number. After a cer-tain period of time they will be eligible 
for Social Security. This goes far be-yond his legal authority. By the way, many of my Democratic colleagues have expressed concerns about the President’s action and whether he had the constitutional authority to take the action he has taken. Clearly he does not. While the President says this legal status is temporary, the reality is once work permits have been issued and Social Security cards are given, folks will be allowed to stay. They would not be deemed a priority for re-moval. On top of that, the temporary status may be renewed. 
In 2011, the President took Executive 
action for the Department of Homeland Security to start prioritizing illegal immigrants for removal. In April 2014, several months before he took his most recent action, the Los Angeles Times quoted former ICE Director John Sandweg in an article where he said, If you are a run-of-the-mill immigrant here illegally, your odds of getting de-ported are close to zero. 
The Associated Press reported in 
September 2014 the Department of Homeland Security admitted to a group of immigrant advocates during a confidential meeting that about 70 per-cent of illegal immigrants traveling as families failed to report back to ICE as ordered after they were released at the border. 
A few weeks ago Louisiana school ad-
ministrators and I met, and they ex-pressed concern about how the Presi-dent’s immigration policies have stressed our school systems. Classroom sizes have grown. Their associated costs to hire more teachers, buy text-books, and the required resources to educate these students all have grown. President Obama is giving Executive amnesty to suit his agenda but is stretching limited local and State re-sources. By stretching them, it is mak-ing it tougher on Americans who are born here. 
The administration says only 5 mil-
lion people will be impacted by the President’s Executive order. The re-ality is with numerous options for ille-gal immigrants to remain in this coun-try, people are going to hear about it. They will attempt to come. This will be a magnet for others to come here il-legally. Illegal behavior is being re-warded. If the President’s supporters feel 
compelled to continue blocking the funding bill, it must be clear they feel that Executive amnesty is legal regard-less of how the courts have ruled. It is clear they believe that protecting the President’s illegal action is more im-portant than providing our men and women with the resources to protect our border. 
We must fund the Department of 
Homeland Security. As I have said, many of my colleagues who expressed serious concerns with the President’s Executive actions in November are now voting to protect these actions. It is unfortunate they voted four times to prevent this bill—the Homeland Secu-rity funding bill—from coming up for debate. They won’t even allow debate. Folks say they want funding for the Homeland Security Department, but they won’t allow debate. This is uncon-scionable. 
I believe it is important we move for-
ward to avoid a shutdown of the De-partment of Homeland Security. I urge my colleagues to please stop blocking this important legislation we must pass to protect our country and give the men and women of Homeland Secu-rity the resources they need and, most importantly, to protect the Constitu-tion. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the role. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. CARPER. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
D
AINES ). Without objection, it is so or-
dered. 
Mr. CARPER. Mr. President, in 31⁄2 
days, the Department of Homeland Se-curity may well shut down. I speak as the senior Democrat on the Committee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs for the last 2 years and, along with Dr. Tom Coburn, our former colleague from Oklahoma, chaired that committee that he and I led. 
But in 3
1⁄2days, if Congress fails to 
act responsibly—78 hours, I think, from right now—the Department of Home-land Security may shut down. I have spoken on the floor a number of times in recent weeks about the complex, consistent, and very real threats that our country faces. We are familiar with a lot of them—maybe not all. 
But over the past several months we 
have seen horrific images of behead-ings, of mass murders, brutal execu-tions at the hands of the Islamic State. Some of our Nation’s largest compa-nies and Federal agencies have been victims of massive cyber attacks. They continue to this day. 
This weekend another terrorist 
group, the Al Qaeda-linked terrorist group in Somalia called al-Shabaab, vowed they would seek revenge against the United States. They cited the Mall of America in Minnesota as a potential target. It is not just these groups or 
the lone wolf terrorists they inspire that we need to worry about. 
Last fall, Ebola ravaged several na-
tions in western Africa and even came to our shores as well. Threats from Mother Nature persist too. Commu-nities and cities in some parts of our country are trying to get through a winter that has already broken snow-fall records, and more records are like-ly to fall. Yet today, here in the Con-gress, there are some who are ques-tioning whether even to fund the very agencies charged with keeping us safe from these and other evolving threats. That goes beyond being irresponsible. Department of Homeland Security Sec-retary Jeh Johnson nailed it recently when he said what it was. Here is what he said: ‘‘It is bizarre and absurd that we are even having this discussion.’’ I could not agree more. Is this really the message we want to be sending to all those folks across the world who wish us harm? God, I hope not. 
Here we are, days before this key 
agency could be forced to shut down preparing for the worst. Some of our colleagues have said that it is not a big deal if the Department shuts down. I could not disagree more strongly, and here is why. If we continue this behav-ior and fail to pass a clean Department of Homeland Security funding bill by midnight on Friday, this is what will happen at the Department of Homeland Security: Much of the Department’s workforce, up to 200,000 people, will be expected to show up for work but work without pay. 
That includes Border Patrol agents 
who protect our borders. That includes Coast Guard crews who patrol our waters. That includes the TSA employ-ees who keep our skies safe and make it safe to fly on airplanes and get in and out of our airports. Many of these courageous men and women put their lives in harm’s way every day. We ex-pect them to continue doing that. We just are not going to pay them. 
That is right. We want you to keep 
doing your job of protecting our Na-tion. Eventually, those in Congress will get around to doing our job. When we do, you will get paid. Let me ask: How would we like to be treated that way? How would we like to be treated that way? Well, we would not. I think it is shameful that we would even con-template treating some of our bravest fellow employees like that. 
It is shameful. Even worse, treating 
our people like this does not make America any safer. In fact, it makes us less safe in the end. Even if we did avoid a shutdown, we would keep the Department running on a stopgap con-tinuing resolution. We would prevent the men and women who work there from doing their jobs as efficiently and as effectively as they could be, should be, and would like to be. 
Secretary Johnson described that 
putting the Department on another continuing resolution—these are his words—‘‘is a little like trying to drive 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:43 Feb 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24FE6.039 S24FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1058 February 24, 2015 
cross-country with no more than five 
gallons of gas [in the tank] at a time and you don’t know when the next gas station is. You can’t plan except days and weeks at a time.’’ 
For example, if we pass another stop-
gap continuing resolution, the Depart-ment will not be able to replace obso-lete surveillance technology along high-risk areas of our border. We need to replace that. In addition, our Nation will have significantly fewer resources to respond to any future surges of un-accompanied minors along our south-west border. Moreover, we will put con-struction of a badly needed national se-curity cutter for the Coast Guard on hold. Why does that matter? It matters because our Coast Guard fleet is aging and needs to be modernized. These ships are essential to stopping illegal trafficking off our coasts, such as drug trafficking, human trafficking, and il-legal immigration—some of it in ves-sels that travel at speeds of greater than 50 knots. 
If that is not enough, try this: It is 
widely known that employee morale at the Department of Homeland Security is the lowest of all major Federal agen-cies. Passing yet another continuing resolution I promise you will not make it any better—quite the opposite. Mo-rale will only get worse, and in doing so threaten to degrade the performance of the people we rely on, perhaps more than any other, to keep Americans safe. 
So let me say it again. This is not 
the way we should be treating the pub-lic servants who in many cases risk their lives to keep our Nation and all Americans safe. This is no way to run a key national agency. Furthermore, as we have learned over the years, this kind of crisis budgeting costs tax-payers millions of dollars in lost pro-ductivity, in hiring freezes, in con-tracts that will have to be renegoti-ated—not at a lower cost to tax-payers—at higher costs. 
Now, I understand why some of our 
colleagues are concerned about the policies and procedures set forth in the President’s Executive action on immi-gration. I get it. They have every right to express those concerns. But the budget of the Department of Homeland Security is not the place to have that debate. A Federal district court in South Texas recently examined what the President put forward and blocked its implementation. Why cannot we just let the judicial process play out and meanwhile do our job by funding the Department of Homeland Security for the balance of this fiscal year? 
Some of our Republican colleagues 
agree with this approach. One of our colleagues, L
INDSEY GRAHAM , said ear-
lier this week: ‘‘I hope Republicans will come together and back the court case, file a friend of the court brief with the court and fund DHS.’’ 
He added: 
I am willing and ready to pass a DHS fund-
ing bill and let this play out in court. The worst possible outcome for this nation is to defund the Department of Homeland Secu-
rity given the multiple threats we face to our homeland. 
Our friend, L INDSEY ’s friend, J OHN 
MCCAIN, also said recently—these are 
his words, not mine: 
It’s not a good idea to shut down the De-
partment of Homeland Security. . . . Now we have the perfect reason to not shut it down because the courts have decided, at least ini-tially, in our favor. 
‘‘Our favor’’ is that of the Republican 
Governors who filed the lawsuit in the South Texas district court. I want to urge my Republican colleagues to go ahead and pursue this potential judi-cial remedy to address the concerns they have. But while they are doing that, for God’s sake, let’s bring a clean, fiscal year 2015 appropriations bill for the Department of Homeland Secu-rity—the same bill that both Demo-crats and Republicans agreed to last December—let’s bring it to the floor so we can give the Department the fund-ing and the certainty that it des-perately needs. 
Regardless of what happens in the 
courts, at the end of the day com-prehensive immigration reform is the only way we can fix our broken immi-gration system for the long term. It is the only way we can address the issues the President was trying to resolve in his Executive action in a straight-forward way, as we did in the last Con-gress when we passed by a big bipar-tisan vote right on this floor—by a 2- to-1 margin—comprehensive immigra-tion reform. 
We owe the American people an hon-
est and thorough debate on immigra-tion reform. But let’s do it the right way. We have shown that we can do that. We did it a year and a half ago. Let’s do it again. Let’s do it this year 
after approving a clean, full-year fund-ing bill for the Department of Home-land Security. 
I might just add this. The com-
prehensive immigration reform that we passed here by a 2-to-1 margin a year and a half ago was priced out by the Congressional Budget Office, which is not Democratic or Republican. They looked at it and did all the numbers 
and everything. They concluded that rather than increasing the budget def-icit, that comprehensive immigration reform bill reduced the budget deficit for the next 10 years by $200 billion. Further, for the second 10 years, it re-duced our budget deficit by $700 billion. 
A different study further suggested 
that the impact on our Nation’s econ-omy and on our gross domestic product by the implementation of that same comprehensive immigration reform was that it would not diminish the growth to our economy. It would actu-ally increase it by 5 percent—5-percent GDP growth over a two-decade period of time. 
Those of us who are privileged to 
serve in the Senate were sent here by our constituents with a critical respon-sibility: to work together and pass laws that help our Nation and help our econ-omy to grow and to thrive. This debate—or any debate, for that 
matter—should not be about one polit-ical party winning or losing, because the only people who are losing are the constituents we are supposed to serve. As long as we continue to spend our time debating these manufactured funding crises, our constituents— American taxpayers from coast to coast—are going to continue to lose. We as a Congress, I think, lose as well. 
I believe American voters made it 
clear in last fall’s election. They are tired of all of this kind of behavior. I do not blame them either. But it is simple. They want us to do our job. They want us to work together across these aisles. They want us to get things done that need to get done. They want us to find ways to strengthen the—— 
I ask unanimous consent for 2 addi-
tional minutes. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. CARPER. In closing, let me just 
note that I am encouraged to hear that Senate Majority Leader M
CCONNELL  
now seems to be moving toward allow-ing a vote on a clean bill. I hope this change of course is the beginning of the end of this crisis for the Department of Homeland Security and for our coun-try. Whatever we do, it is critical that we consider and pass a clean Depart-ment of Homeland Security funding bill first. At this point, every hour that goes by without one creates more un-certainty and more waste. 
After we do that, let’s roll up our 
sleeves and let’s get back to work on a thoughtful, 21st century immigration reform policy for our country, a policy that is fair, a policy that will signifi-cantly reduce our Nation’s budget def-icit, and a policy that will strengthen the economic recovery now underway. 
I want to thank my friend from Iowa 
for the kindness in allowing me to pro-ceed for an extra few minutes. 
I yield the floor. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS 
TRIBUTE TO CHRISTY PRIETSCH 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, this 
week, the Senate will bid a fond fare-well to the director of its Employee As-sistance Program, Christy Prietsch. 
Christy is retiring after more than a 
decade of dedicated service in the Sen-ate. She has made quite an impression since coming here in 2004. Senate em-ployees know Christy as a warm and inviting person they can go to when-ever they need someone to talk to. She is experienced in helping others over-come obstacles both personal and pro-fessional, and it is clear that her care and concern for the Senate community is as genuine as it is deep. 
But for Christy, we also know that 
such a fulsome commitment to serving the Senate has meant spending less time with her husband and her son than she would like. So we hope this decision to retire will give Christy the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:17 Feb 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24FE6.040 S24FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1059 February 24, 2015 
opportunity to see more of her family. 
We also hope that, after helping so many others for so many years—not only in the Senate, but before that in agencies such as the Secret Service and Department of Justice—Christy will have a little more time to pursue her own passions too. 
So the Senate sends its thanks to 
this dedicated professional who has touched the lives of many, Christy Prietsch, and we wish her well in re-tirement. 
f 
COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES 
RULES OF PROCEDURE 
Mr. M CCAIN. Mr. President, the rules 
governing the procedures of the Com-mittee on Armed Services have not changed for the 114th Congress. Pursu-ant to rule XXVI, paragraph 2, of the Standing Rules of the Senate, on behalf of myself and Senator R
EED, I ask 
unanimous consent to have printed in the R
ECORD a copy of the committee 
rules. 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
RULES OF PROCEDURE OF THE 
COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES 
1. R EGULAR MEETING DAY.—The Committee 
shall meet at least once a month when Con-gress is in session. The regular meeting days of the Committee shall be Tuesday and Thursday, unless the Chairman, after con-sultation with the Ranking Minority Mem-ber, directs otherwise. 
2. A
DDITIONAL MEETINGS .—The Chairman, 
after consultation with the Ranking Minor-ity Member, may call such additional meet-ings as he deems necessary. 
3. S
PECIAL MEETINGS .—Special meetings of 
the Committee may be called by a majority of the members of the Committee in accord-ance with paragraph 3 of Rule XXVI of the Standing Rules of the Senate. 
4. O
PEN MEETINGS .—Each meeting of the 
Committee, or any subcommittee thereof, including meetings to conduct hearings, shall be open to the public, except that a meeting or series of meetings by the Com-mittee or a subcommittee thereof on the same subject for a period of no more than fourteen (14) calendar days may be closed to the public on a motion made and seconded to go into closed session to discuss only wheth-er the matters enumerated below in clauses (a) through (f) would require the meeting to be closed, followed immediately by a record vote in open session by a majority of the members of the Committee or subcommittee when it is determined that the matters to be discussed or the testimony to be taken at such meeting or meetings— 
(a) will disclose matters necessary to be 
kept secret in the interests of national de-fense or the confidential conduct of the for-eign relations of the United States; 
(b) will relate solely to matters of Com-
mittee staff personnel or internal staff man-agement or procedure; 
(c) will tend to charge an individual with a 
crime or misconduct, to disgrace or injure the professional standing of an individual, or otherwise to expose an individual to public contempt or obloquy or will represent a clearly unwarranted invasion of the privacy of an individual; 
(d) will disclose the identity of any in-
former or law enforcement agent or will dis-close any information relating to the inves-
tigation or prosecution of a criminal offense that is required to be kept secret in the in-terests of effective law enforcement; 
(e) will disclose information relating to the 
trade secrets or financial or commercial in-formation pertaining specifically to a given person if— 
(1) an Act of Congress requires the infor-
mation to be kept confidential by Govern-ment officers and employees; or 
(2) the information has been obtained by 
the Government on a confidential basis, other than through an application by such person for a specific Government financial or other benefit, and is required to be kept se-cret in order to prevent undue injury to the competitive position of such person; or 
(f) may divulge matters required to be kept 
confidential under other provisions of law or Government regulations. 
5. P
RESIDING OFFICER .—The Chairman shall 
preside at all meetings and hearings of the Committee except that in his absence the Ranking Majority Member present at the meeting or hearing shall preside unless by majority vote the Committee provides other-wise. 
6. Q
UORUM .—(a) A majority of the members 
of the Committee are required to be actually present to report a matter or measure from the Committee. (See Standing Rules of the Senate 26.7(a)(1)). 
(b) Except as provided in subsections (a) 
and (c), and other than for the conduct of hearings, nine members of the Committee, including one member of the minority party; or a majority of the members of the Com-mittee, shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of such business as may be con-sidered by the Committee. 
(c) Three members of the Committee, one 
of whom shall be a member of the minority party, shall constitute a quorum for the pur-pose of taking sworn testimony, unless oth-erwise ordered by a majority of the full Com-mittee. 
(d) Proxy votes may not be considered for 
the purpose of establishing a quorum. 
7. P
ROXY VOTING .—Proxy voting shall be 
allowed on all measures and matters before the Committee. The vote by proxy of any member of the Committee may be counted for the purpose of reporting any measure or matter to the Senate if the absent member casting such vote has been informed of the matter on which the member is being re-corded and has affirmatively requested that he or she be so recorded. Proxy must be given in writing. 
8. A
NNOUNCEMENT OF VOTES.—The results 
of all roll call votes taken in any meeting of the Committee on any measure, or amend-ment thereto, shall be announced in the Committee report, unless previously an-nounced by the Committee. The announce-ment shall include a tabulation of the votes cast in favor and votes cast in opposition to each such measure and amendment by each member of the Committee who was present at such meeting. The Chairman, after con-sultation with the Ranking Minority Mem-ber, may hold open a roll call vote on any measure or matter which is before the Com-mittee until no later than midnight of the day on which the Committee votes on such measure or matter. 
9. S
UBPOENAS .—Subpoenas for attendance 
of witnesses and for the production of memo-randa, documents, records, and the like may be issued, after consultation with the Rank-ing Minority Member, by the Chairman or any other member designated by the Chair-man, but only when authorized by a major-ity of the members of the Committee. The subpoena shall briefly state the matter to which the witness is expected to testify or the documents to be produced. 10. H
EARINGS .—(a) Public notice shall be 
given of the date, place and subject matter of any hearing to be held by the Committee, or any subcommittee thereof, at least 1 week in advance of such hearing, unless the Com-mittee or subcommittee determines that good cause exists for beginning such hear-ings at an earlier time. 
(b) Hearings may be initiated only by the 
specified authorization of the Committee or subcommittee. 
(c) Hearings shall be held only in the Dis-
trict of Columbia unless specifically author-ized to be held elsewhere by a majority vote of the Committee or subcommittee con-ducting such hearings. 
(d) The Chairman of the Committee or sub-
committee shall consult with the Ranking Minority Member thereof before naming wit-nesses for a hearing. 
(e) Witnesses appearing before the Com-
mittee shall file with the clerk of the Com-mittee a written statement of their proposed testimony prior to the hearing at which they are to appear unless the Chairman and the Ranking Minority Member determine that there is good cause not to file such a state-ment. Witnesses testifying on behalf of the Administration shall furnish an additional 50 copies of their statement to the Committee. All statements must be received by the Com-mittee at least 48 hours (not including week-ends or holidays) before the hearing. 
(f) Confidential testimony taken or con-
fidential material presented in a closed hear-ing of the Committee or subcommittee or any report of the proceedings of such hearing shall not be made public in whole or in part or by way of summary unless authorized by a majority vote of the Committee or sub-committee. 
(g) Any witness summoned to give testi-
mony or evidence at a public or closed hear-ing of the Committee or subcommittee may be accompanied by counsel of his own choos-ing who shall be permitted at all times dur-ing such hearing to advise such witness of his legal rights. 
(h) Witnesses providing unsworn testimony 
to the Committee may be given a transcript of such testimony for the purpose of making minor grammatical corrections. Such wit-nesses will not, however, be permitted to alter the substance of their testimony. Any question involving such corrections shall be decided by the Chairman. 
11. N
OMINATIONS .—Unless otherwise or-
dered by the Committee, nominations re-ferred to the Committee shall be held for at least seven (7) days before being voted on by the Committee. Each member of the Com-mittee shall be furnished a copy of all nomi-nations referred to the Committee. 
12. R
EAL PROPERTY TRANSACTIONS .—Each 
member of the Committee shall be furnished with a copy of the proposals of the Secre-taries of the Army, Navy, and Air Force, sub-mitted pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 2662 and with a copy of the proposals of the Director of the Federal Emergency Management Agency, submitted pursuant to 50 U.S.C. App. 2285, re-garding the proposed acquisition or disposi-tion of property of an estimated price or rental of more than $50,000. Any member of the Committee objecting to or requesting in-formation on a proposed acquisition or dis-posal shall communicate his objection or re-quest to the Chairman of the Committee within thirty (30) days from the date of sub-mission. 
13. L
EGISLATIVE CALENDAR .—(a) The clerk 
of the Committee shall keep a printed cal-endar for the information of each Committee member showing the bills introduced and re-ferred to the Committee and the status of such bills. Such calendar shall be revised from time to time to show pertinent changes in such bills, the current status thereof, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:07 Feb 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24FE6.026 S24FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1060 February 24, 2015 
new bills introduced and referred to the 
Committee. A copy of each new revision shall be furnished to each member of the Committee. 
(b) Unless otherwise ordered, measures re-
ferred to the Committee shall be referred by the clerk of the Committee to the appro-priate department or agency of the Govern-ment for reports thereon. 
14. Except as otherwise specified herein, 
the Standing Rules of the Senate shall gov-ern the actions of the Committee. Each sub-committee of the Committee is part of the Committee, and is therefore subject to the Committee’s rules so far as applicable. 
15. P
OWERS AND DUTIES OF SUBCOMMIT -
TEES.—Each subcommittee is authorized to 
meet, hold hearings, receive evidence, and report to the full Committee on all matters referred to it. Subcommittee chairmen, after consultation with Ranking Minority Mem-bers of the subcommittees, shall set dates for hearings and meetings of their respective subcommittees after consultation with the Chairman and other subcommittee chairmen with a view toward avoiding simultaneous scheduling of full Committee and sub-committee meetings or hearings whenever possible. 
f 
SELECT COMMITTEE ON ETHICS 
RULES OF PROCEDURE 
Mr. ISAKSON. Mr. President, in ac-
cordance with rule XXVI, paragraph 2 of the Standing Rules of the Senate, I ask unanimous consent for myself as chairman of the Select Committee on Ethics and for Senator B
OXER as vice 
chairman of the committee that the Rules of Procedure of the Select Com-mittee on Ethics, which were adopted February 23, 1978, and revised Novem-ber 1999, be printed in the C
ONGRES -
SIONAL RECORD for the 114th Congress. 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
RULES OF THE SELECT COMMITTEE ON 
ETHICS 
PART I : ORGANIC AUTHORITY  
SUBPART A —S. RES. 338 AS AMENDED  
S. Res. 338, 88th Cong., 2d Sess. (1964) 
Resolved, That (a) there is hereby estab-
lished a permanent select committee of the Senate to be known as the Select Committee on Ethics (referred to hereinafter as the ‘‘Se-lect Committee’’) consisting of six Members of the Senate, of whom three shall be se-lected from members of the majority party and three shall be selected from members of the minority party. Members thereof shall be appointed by the Senate in accordance with the provisions of Paragraph 1 of Rule XXIV of the Standing Rules of the Senate at the beginning of each Congress. For purposes of paragraph 4 of Rule XXV of the Standing Rules of the Senate, service of a Senator as a member or chairman of the Select Com-mittee shall not be taken into account. 
(b) Vacancies in the membership of the Se-
lect Committee shall not affect the author-ity of the remaining members to execute the functions of the committee, and shall be filled in the same manner as original ap-pointments thereto are made. 
(c) (1) A majority of the members of the 
Select Committee shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business involving complaints or allegations of, or information about, misconduct, including resulting pre-liminary inquiries, adjudicatory reviews, recommendations or reports, and matters re-
lating to Senate Resolution 400, agreed to May 19, 1976. 
(2) Three members shall constitute a 
quorum for the transaction of routine busi-ness of the Select Committee not covered by the first paragraph of this subparagraph, in-cluding requests for opinions and interpreta-tions concerning the Code of Official Con-duct or any other statute or regulation under the jurisdiction of the Select Com-mittee, if one member of the quorum is a member of the majority Party and one mem-ber of the quorum is a member of the minor-ity Party. During the transaction of routine business any member of the Select Com-mittee constituting the quorum shall have the right to postpone further discussion of a pending matter until such time as a major-ity of the members of the Select Committee are present. 
(3) The Select Committee may fix a lesser 
number as a quorum for the purpose of tak-ing sworn testimony. 
(d)(1) A member of the Select Committee 
shall be ineligible to participate in— 
(A) any preliminary inquiry or adjudica-
tory review relating to— 
(i) the conduct of— (I) such member; (II) any officer or employee the member 
supervises; or 
(III) any employee of any officer the mem-
ber supervises; or 
(ii) any complaint filed by the member; 
and 
(B) the determinations and recommenda-
tions of the Select Committee with respect to any preliminary inquiry or adjudicatory review described in subparagraph (A). 
For purposes of this paragraph, a member 
of the Select Committee and an officer of the Senate shall be deemed to supervise any offi-cer or employee consistent with the provi-sion of paragraph 12 of Rule XXXVII of the Standing Rules of the Senate. 
(2) A member of the Select Committee 
may, at the discretion of the member, dis-qualify himself or herself from participating in any preliminary inquiry or adjudicatory review pending before the Select Committee and the determinations and recommenda-tions of the Select Committee with respect to any such preliminary inquiry or adjudica-tory review. Notice of such disqualification shall be given in writing to the President of the Senate. 
(3) Whenever any member of the Select 
Committee is ineligible under paragraph (1) to participate in any preliminary inquiry or adjudicatory review or disqualifies himself or herself under paragraph (2) from partici-pating in any preliminary inquiry or adju-dicatory review, another Senator shall, sub-ject to the provisions of subsection (d), be appointed to serve as a member of the Select Committee solely for purposes of such pre-liminary inquiry or adjudicatory review and the determinations and recommendations of the Select Committee with respect to such preliminary inquiry or adjudicatory review. Any Member of the Senate appointed for such purposes shall be of the same party as the Member who is ineligible or disqualifies himself or herself. 
Sec. 2. (a) It shall be the duty of the Select 
Committee to— 
(1) receive complaints and investigate alle-
gations of improper conduct which may re-flect upon the Senate, violations of law, vio-lations of the Senate Code of Official Con-duct and violations of rules and regulations of the Senate, relating to the conduct of in-dividuals in the performance of their duties as Members of the Senate, or as officers or employees of the Senate, and to make appro-priate findings of fact and conclusions with respect thereto; (2)(A) recommend to the Senate by report 
or resolution by a majority vote of the full committee disciplinary action to be taken with respect to such violations which the Se-lect Committee shall determine, after ac-cording to the individual concerned due no-tice and opportunity for a hearing, to have occurred; 
(B) pursuant to subparagraph (A) rec-
ommend discipline, including— 
(i) in the case of a Member, a recommenda-
tion to the Senate for expulsion, censure, payment of restitution, recommendation to a Member’s party conference regarding the Member’s seniority or positions of responsi-bility, or a combination of these; and 
(ii) in the case of an officer or employee, 
dismissal, suspension, payment of restitu-tion, or a combination of these; 
(3) subject to the provisions of subsection 
(e), by a unanimous vote of 6 members, order that a Member, officer, or employee be rep-rimanded or pay restitution, or both, if the Select Committee determines, after accord-ing to the Member, officer, or employee due notice and opportunity for a hearing, that misconduct occurred warranting discipline less serious than discipline by the full Sen-ate; 
(4) in the circumstances described in sub-
section (d)(3), issue a public or private letter of admonition to a Member, officer, or em-ployee, which shall not be subject to appeal to the Senate; 
(5) recommend to the Senate, by report or 
resolution, such additional rules or regula-tions as the Select Committee shall deter-mine to be necessary or desirable to insure proper standards of conduct by Members of the Senate, and by officers or employees of the Senate, in the performance of their du-ties and the discharge of their responsibil-ities; 
(6) by a majority vote of the full com-
mittee, report violations of any law, includ-ing the provision of false information to the Select Committee, to the proper Federal and State authorities; and 
(7) develop and implement programs and 
materials designed to educate Members, offi-cers, and employees about the laws, rules, regulations, and standards of conduct appli-cable to such individuals in the performance of their duties. 
(b) For the purposes of this resolution— (1) the term ‘‘sworn complaint’’ means a 
written statement of facts, submitted under penalty of perjury, within the personal knowledge of the complainant alleging a vio-lation of law, the Senate Code of Official Conduct, or any other rule or regulation of the Senate relating to the conduct of indi-viduals in the performance of their duties as Members, officers, or employees of the Sen-ate; 
(2) the term ‘‘preliminary inquiry’’ means 
a proceeding undertaken by the Select Com-mittee following the receipt of a complaint or allegation of, or information about, mis-conduct by a Member, officer, or employee of the Senate to determine whether there is substantial credible evidence which provides substantial cause for the Select Committee to conclude that a violation within the juris-diction of the Select Committee has oc-curred; and 
(3) the term ‘‘adjudicatory review’’ means 
a proceeding undertaken by the Select Com-mittee after a finding, on the basis of a pre-liminary inquiry, that there is substantial credible evidence which provides substantial cause for the Select Committee to conclude that a violation within the jurisdiction of the Select Committee has occurred. 
(c) (1) No— (A) adjudicatory review of conduct of a 
Member or officer of the Senate may be con-ducted; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:07 Feb 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24FE6.030 S24FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1061 February 24, 2015 
(B) report, resolution, or recommendation 
relating to such an adjudicatory review of conduct may be made; and 
(C) letter of admonition pursuant to sub-
section (d)(3) may be issued, unless approved by the affirmative recorded vote of no fewer than 4 members of the Select Committee. 
(2) No other resolution, report, rec-
ommendation, interpretative ruling, or advi-sory opinion may be made without an affirm-ative vote of a majority of the Members of the Select Committee voting. 
(d) (1) When the Select Committee receives 
a sworn complaint or other allegation or in-formation about a Member, officer, or em-ployee of the Senate, it shall promptly con-duct a preliminary inquiry into matters raised by that complaint, allegation, or in-formation. The preliminary inquiry shall be of duration and scope necessary to determine whether there is substantial credible evi-dence which provides substantial cause for the Select Committee to conclude that a vio-lation within the jurisdiction of the Select Committee has occurred. The Select Com-mittee may delegate to the chairman and vice chairman the discretion to determine the appropriate duration, scope, and conduct of a preliminary inquiry. 
(2) If, as a result of a preliminary inquiry 
under paragraph (1), the Select Committee determines by a recorded vote that there is not such substantial credible evidence, the Select Committee shall dismiss the matter. The Select Committee may delegate to the chairman and vice chairman the authority, on behalf of the Select Committee, to dis-miss any matter that they determine, after a preliminary inquiry, lacks substantial merit. The Select Committee shall inform the indi-vidual who provided to the Select Committee the complaint, allegation, or information, and the individual who is the subject of the complaint, allegation, or information, of the dismissal, together with an explanation of the basis for the dismissal. 
(3) If, as a result of a preliminary inquiry 
under paragraph (1), the Select Committee determines that a violation is inadvertent, technical, or otherwise of a de minimis na-ture, the Select Committee may dispose of the matter by issuing a public or private let-ter of admonition, which shall not be consid-ered discipline. The Select Committee may issue a public letter of admonition upon a similar determination at the conclusion of an adjudicatory review. 
(4) If, as a result of a preliminary inquiry 
under paragraph (1), the Select Committee determines that there is such substantial credible evidence and the matter cannot be appropriately disposed of under paragraph (3), the Select Committee shall promptly ini-tiate an adjudicatory review. Upon the con-clusion of such adjudicatory review, the Se-lect Committee shall report to the Senate, as soon as practicable, the results of such adju-dicatory review, together with its rec-ommendations (if any) pursuant to sub-section (a)(2). 
(e) (1) Any individual who is the subject of 
a reprimand or order of restitution, or both, pursuant to subsection (a)(3) may, within 30 days of the Select Committee’s report to the Senate of its action imposing a reprimand or order of restitution, or both, appeal to the Senate by providing written notice of the basis for the appeal to the Select Committee and the presiding officer of the Senate. The presiding officer of the Senate shall cause the notice of the appeal to be printed in the Congressional Record and the Senate Jour-nal. 
(2) A motion to proceed to consideration of 
an appeal pursuant to paragraph (1) shall be highly privileged and not debatable. If the motion to proceed to consideration of the ap-peal is agreed to, the appeal shall be decided on the basis of the Select Committee’s report 
to the Senate. Debate on the appeal shall be limited to 10 hours, which shall be divided equally between, and controlled by, those fa-voring and those opposing the appeal. 
(f) The Select Committee may, in its dis-
cretion, employ hearing examiners to hear testimony and make findings of fact and/or recommendations to the Select Committee concerning the disposition of complaints. 
(g) Notwithstanding any other provision of 
this section, no adjudicatory review shall be initiated of any alleged violation of any law, the Senate Code of Official Conduct, rule, or regulation which was not in effect at the time the alleged violation occurred. No pro-visions of the Senate Code of Official Con-duct shall apply to or require disclosure of any act, relationship, or transaction which occurred prior to the effective date of the ap-plicable provision of the Code. The Select Committee may initiate an adjudicatory re-view of any alleged violation of a rule or law which was in effect prior to the enactment of the Senate Code of Official Conduct if the al-leged violation occurred while such rule or law was in effect and the violation was not a matter resolved on the merits by the prede-cessor Select Committee. 
(h) The Select Committee shall adopt writ-
ten rules setting forth procedures to be used in conducting preliminary inquiries and ad-judicatory reviews. 
(i) The Select Committee from time to 
time shall transmit to the Senate its rec-ommendation as to any legislative measures which it may consider to be necessary for the effective discharge of its duties. 
Sec. 3. (a) The Select Committee is author-
ized to (1) make such expenditures; (2) hold such hearings; (3) sit and act at such times and places during the sessions, recesses, and adjournment periods of the Senate; (4) re-quire by subpoena or otherwise the attend-ance of such witnesses and the production of such correspondence, books, papers, and doc-uments; (5) administer such oaths; (6) take such testimony orally or by deposition; (7) employ and fix the compensation of a staff director, a counsel, an assistant counsel, one or more investigators, one or more hearing examiners, and such technical, clerical, and other assistants and consultants as it deems advisable; and (8) to procure the temporary services (not in excess of one year) or inter-mittent services of individual consultants, or organizations thereof, by contract as inde-pendent contractors or, in the case of indi-viduals, by employment at daily rates of compensation not in excess of the per diem equivalent of the highest rate of compensa-tion which may be paid to a regular em-ployee of the Select Committee. 
(b) (1) The Select Committee is authorized 
to retain and compensate counsel not em-ployed by the Senate (or by any department or agency of the executive branch of the Government) whenever the Select Com-mittee determines that the retention of out-side counsel is necessary or appropriate for any action regarding any complaint or alle-gation, which, in the determination of the Select Committee is more appropriately con-ducted by counsel not employed by the Gov-ernment of the United States as a regular employee. 
(2) Any adjudicatory review as defined in 
section 2(b)(3) shall be conducted by outside counsel as authorized in paragraph (1), un-less the Select Committee determines not to use outside counsel. 
(c) With the prior consent of the depart-
ment or agency concerned, the Select Com-mittee may (1) utilize the services, informa-tion and facilities of any such department or agency of the Government, and (2) employ on a reimbursable basis or otherwise the serv-ices of such personnel of any such depart-ment or agency as it deems advisable. With 
the consent of any other committee of the Senate, or any subcommittee thereof, the Select Committee may utilize the facilities and the services of the staff of such other committee or subcommittee whenever the chairman of the Select Committee deter-mines that such action is necessary and ap-propriate. 
(d) (1) Subpoenas may be authorized by— (A) the Select Committee; or (B) the chairman and vice chairman, act-
ing jointly. 
(2) Any such subpoena shall be issued and 
signed by the chairman and the vice chair-man and may be served by any person des-ignated by the chairman and vice chairman. 
(3) The chairman or any member of the Se-
lect Committee may administer oaths to witnesses. 
(e) (1) The Select Committee shall pre-
scribe and publish such regulations as it feels are necessary to implement the Senate Code of Official Conduct. 
(2) The Select Committee is authorized to 
issue interpretative rulings explaining and clarifying the application of any law, the Code of Official Conduct, or any rule or regu-lation of the Senate within its jurisdiction. 
(3) The Select Committee shall render an 
advisory opinion, in writing within a reason-able time, in response to a written request by a Member or officer of the Senate or a candidate for nomination for election, or election to the Senate, concerning the appli-cation of any law, the Senate Code of Official Conduct, or any rule or regulation of the Senate within its jurisdiction to a specific factual situation pertinent to the conduct or proposed conduct of the person seeking the advisory opinion. 
(4) The Select Committee may in its dis-
cretion render an advisory opinion in writing within a reasonable time in response to a written request by any employee of the Sen-ate concerning the application of any law, the Senate Code of Official Conduct, or any rule or regulation of the Senate within its jurisdiction to a specific factual situation pertinent to the conduct or proposed conduct of the person seeking the advisory opinion. 
(5) Notwithstanding any provision of the 
Senate Code of Official Conduct or any rule or regulation of the Senate, any person who relies upon any provision or finding of an ad-
visory opinion in accordance with the provi-sions of paragraphs (3) and (4) and who acts in good faith in accordance with the provi-sions and findings of such advisory opinion shall not, as a result of any such act, be sub-ject to any sanction by the Senate. 
(6) Any advisory opinion rendered by the 
Select Committee under paragraphs (3) and (4) may be relied upon by (A) any person in-volved in the specific transaction or activity with respect to which such advisory opinion is rendered: Provided, however, that the re-quest for such advisory opinion included a complete and accurate statement of the spe-cific factual situation; and, (B) any person involved in any specific transaction or activ-ity which is indistinguishable in all its mate-rial aspects from the transaction or activity with respect to which such advisory opinion is rendered. 
(7) Any advisory opinion issued in response 
to a request under paragraph (3) or (4) shall be printed in the Congressional Record with appropriate deletions to assure the privacy of the individual concerned. The Select Com-mittee shall, to the extent practicable, be-fore rendering an advisory opinion, provide any interested party with an opportunity to transmit written comments to the Select Committee with respect to the request for such advisory opinion. The advisory opinions issued by the Select Committee shall be compiled, indexed, reproduced, and made available on a periodic basis. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:07 Feb 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24FE6.038 S24FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1062 February 24, 2015 
(8) A brief description of a waiver granted 
under paragraph 2(c) [NOTE: Now Paragraph 1] of Rule XXXIV or paragraph 1 of Rule XXXV of the Standing Rules of the Senate shall be made available upon request in the Select Committee office with appropriate de-letions to assure the privacy of the indi-vidual concerned. 
Sec. 4. The expenses of the Select Com-
mittee under this resolution shall be paid from the contingent fund of the Senate upon vouchers approved by the chairman of the Select Committee. 
Sec. 5. As used in this resolution, the term 
‘‘officer or employee of the Senate’’ means— 
(1) an elected officer of the Senate who is 
not a Member of the Senate; 
(2) an employee of the Senate, any com-
mittee or subcommittee of the Senate, or any Member of the Senate; 
(3) the Legislative Counsel of the Senate or 
any employee of his office; 
(4) an Official Reporter of Debates of the 
Senate and any person employed by the Offi-cial Reporters of Debates of the Senate in connection with the performance of their of-ficial duties; 
(5) a Member of the Capitol Police force 
whose compensation is disbursed by the Sec-retary of the Senate; 
(6) an employee of the Vice President if 
such employee’s compensation is disbursed by the Secretary of the Senate; and 
(7) an employee of a joint committee of the 
Congress whose compensation is disbursed by the Secretary of the Senate. 
SUBPART B —PUBLIC LAW 93 –191—FRANKED MAIL , 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE SELECT COM -
MITTEE  
Sec. 6. (a) The Select Committee on Stand-
ards and Conduct of the Senate [NOTE: Now the Select Committee on Ethics] shall pro-vide guidance, assistance, advice and coun-sel, through advisory opinions or consulta-tions, in connection with the mailing or con-templated mailing of franked mail under sec-tion 3210, 3211, 3212, 3218(2) or 3218, and in connection with the operation of section 3215, of title 39, United States Code, upon the request of any Member of the Senate or Member-elect, surviving spouse of any of the foregoing, or other Senate official, entitled to send mail as franked mail under any of those sections. The select committee shall prescribe regulations governing the proper use of the franking privilege under those sec-tions by such persons. 
(b) Any complaint filed by any person with 
the select committee that a violation of any section of title 39, United State Code, re-ferred to in subsection (a) of this section is about to occur or has occurred within the immediately preceding period of 1 year, by any person referred to in such subsection (a), shall contain pertinent factual material and shall conform to regulations prescribed by the select committee. The select committee, if it determines there is reasonable justifica-tion for the complaint, shall conduct an in-vestigation of the matter, including an in-vestigation of reports and statements filed by that complainant with respect to the matter which is the subject of the complaint. The committee shall afford to the person who is the subject of the complaint due no-tice and, if it determines that there is sub-stantial reason to believe that such violation has occurred or is about to occur, oppor-tunity for all parties to participate in a hearing before the select committee. The se-lect committee shall issue a written decision on each complaint under this subsection not later than thirty days after such a complaint has been filed or, if a hearing is held, not later than thirty days after the conclusion of such hearing. Such decision shall be based on written findings of fact in the case by the se-lect committee. If the select committee 
finds, in its written decision, that a violation has occurred or is about to occur, the com-mittee may take such action and enforce-ment as it considers appropriate in accord-ance with applicable rules, precedents, and standing orders of the Senate, and such other standards as may be prescribed by such committee. 
(c) Notwithstanding any other provision of 
law, no court or administrative body in the United States or in any territory thereof shall have jurisdiction to entertain any civil action of any character concerning or re-lated to a violation of the franking laws or an abuse of the franking privilege by any person listed under subsection (a) of this sec-tion as entitled to send mail as franked mail, until a complaint has been filed with the se-lect committee and the committee has ren-dered a decision under subsection (b) of this section. 
(d) The select committee shall prescribe 
regulations for the holding of investigations and hearings, the conduct of proceedings, and the rendering of decisions under this subsection providing for equitable proce-dures and the protection of individual, pub-lic, and Government interests. The regula-tions shall, insofar as practicable, contain the substance of the administrative proce-dure provisions of sections 551–559 and 701– 706, of title 5, United States Code. These reg-ulations shall govern matters under this sub-section subject to judicial review thereof. 
(e) The select committee shall keep a com-
plete record of all its actions, including a record of the votes on any question on which a record vote is demanded. All records, data, and files of the select committee shall be the property of the Senate and shall be kept in the offices of the select committee or such other places as the committee may direct. 
SUBPART C —STANDING ORDERS OF THE SENATE  
REGARDING UNAUTHORIZED DISCLOSURE OF  
INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION , S. RES. 400, 94TH 
CONGRESS , PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE SE -
LECT COMMITTEE  
SEC. 8. * * * 
(c) (1) No information in the possession of 
the select committee relating to the lawful intelligence activities of any department or agency of the United States which has been classified under established security proce-dures and which the select committee, pur-suant to subsection (a) or (b) of this section, has determined should not be disclosed, shall be made available to any person by a Mem-ber, officer, or employee of the Senate except in a closed session of the Senate or as pro-vided in paragraph (2). 
(2) The select committee may, under such 
regulations as the committee shall prescribe to protect the confidentiality of such infor-mation, make any information described in paragraph (1) available to any other com-mittee or any other Member of the Senate. Whenever the select committee makes such information available, the committee shall keep a written record showing, in the case of any particular information, which com-mittee or which Members of the Senate re-ceived such information. No Member of the Senate who, and no committee which, re-ceives any information under this sub-section, shall disclose such information ex-cept in a closed session of the Senate. 
(d) It shall be the duty of the Select Com-
mittee on Standards and Conduct to inves-tigate any unauthorized disclosure of intel-ligence information by a Member, officer or employee of the Senate in violation of sub-section (c) and to report to the Senate con-cerning any allegation which it finds to be substantiated. 
(e) Upon the request of any person who is 
subject to any such investigation, the Select Committee on Standards and Conduct shall 
release to such individual at the conclusion of its investigation a summary of its inves-tigation together with its findings. If, at the conclusion of its investigation, the Select Committee on Standards and Conduct deter-mines that there has been a significant breach of confidentiality or unauthorized disclosure by a Member, officer, or employee of the Senate, it shall report its findings to the Senate and recommend appropriate ac-tion such as censure, removal from com-mittee membership, or expulsion from the Senate, in the case of a Member, or removal from office or employment or punishment for contempt, in the case of an officer or em-ployee. 
SUBPART D —RELATING TO RECEIPT AND DIS -
POSITION OF FOREIGN GIFTS AND DECORA -
TIONS RECEIVED BY MEMBERS , OFFICERS AND  
EMPLOYEES OF THE SENATE OR THEIR  
SPOUSES OR DEPENDENTS , PROVISIONS RELAT -
ING TO THE SELECT COMMITTEE ON ETHICS  
Section 7342 of title 5, United States Code, 
states as follows: 
Sec. 7342. Receipt and disposition of foreign 
gifts and decorations. 
‘‘(a) For the purpose of this section— ‘‘(1) ‘employee’ means— ‘‘(A) an employee as defined by section 2105 
of this title and an officer or employee of the United States Postal Service or of the Postal Rate Commission; 
‘‘(B) an expert or consultant who is under 
contract under section 3109 of this title with the United States or any agency, depart-ment, or establishment thereof, including, in the case of an organization performing serv-ices under such section, any individual in-volved in the performance of such services; 
‘‘(C) an individual employed by, or occu-
pying an office or position in, the govern-ment of a territory or possession of the United States or the government of the Dis-trict of Columbia; 
‘‘(D) a member of a uniformed service; ‘‘(E) the President and the Vice President; ‘‘(F) a Member of Congress as defined by 
section 2106 of this title (except the Vice President) and any Delegate to the Congress; and 
‘‘(G) the spouse of an individual described 
in subparagraphs (A) through (F) (unless such individual and his or her spouse are sep-arated) or a dependent (within the meaning of section 152 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986) of such an individual, other than a spouse or dependent who is an employee under subparagraphs (A) through (F); 
‘‘(2) ‘foreign government’ means— ‘‘(A) any unit of foreign governmental au-
thority, including any foreign national, State, local, and municipal government; 
‘‘(B) any international or multinational or-
ganization whose membership is composed of any unit of foreign government described in subparagraph (A); and 
‘‘(C) any agent or representative of any 
such unit or such organization, while acting as such; 
‘‘(3) ‘gift’ means a tangible or intangible 
present (other than a decoration) tendered by, or received from, a foreign government; 
‘‘(4) ‘decoration’ means an order, device, 
medal, badge, insignia, emblem, or award tendered by, or received from, a foreign gov-ernment; 
‘‘(5) ‘minimal value’ means a retail value 
in the United States at the time of accept-ance of $100 or less, except that— 
‘‘(A) on January 1, 1981, and at 3 year inter-
vals thereafter, ‘minimal value’ shall be re-defined in regulations prescribed by the Ad-ministrator of General Services, in consulta-tion with the Secretary of State, to reflect changes in the consumer price index for the immediately preceding 3-year period; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:07 Feb 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24FE6.039 S24FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1063 February 24, 2015 
‘‘(B) regulations of an employing agency 
may define ‘minimal value’ for its employees to be less than the value established under this paragraph; and 
‘‘(6) ‘employing agency’ means— ‘‘(A) the Committee on Standards of Offi-
cial Conduct of the House of Representa-tives, for Members and employees of the House of Representatives, except that those responsibilities specified in subsections (c)(2)(A), (e)(1), and (g)(2)(B) shall be carried out by the Clerk of the House; 
‘‘(B) the Select Committee on Ethics of the 
Senate, for Senators and employees of the Senate, except that those responsibilities (other than responsibilities involving ap-proval of the employing agency) specified in subsections (c)(2),(d), and (g)(2)(B) shall be carried out by the Secretary of the Senate; 
‘‘(C) the Administrative Office of the 
United States Courts, for judges and judicial branch employees; and 
‘‘(D) the department, agency, office, or 
other entity in which an employee is em-ployed, for other legislative branch employ-ees and for all executive branch employees. 
‘‘(b) An employee may not— 
‘‘(1) request or otherwise encourage the 
tender of a gift or decoration; or 
‘‘(2) accept a gift or decoration, other than 
in accordance with, the provisions of sub-sections (c) and (d). 
‘‘(c)(1) The Congress consents to— ‘‘(A) the accepting and retaining by an em-
ployee of a gift of minimal value tendered and received as a souvenir or mark of cour-tesy; and 
‘‘(B) the accepting by an employee of a gift 
of more than minimal value when such gift is in the nature of an educational scholar-ship or medical treatment or when it appears that to refuse the gift would likely cause of-fense or embarrassment or otherwise ad-versely affect the foreign relations of the United States, except that 
‘‘(i) a tangible gift of more than minimal 
value is deemed to have been accepted on be-half of the United States and, upon accept-ance, shall become the property of the United States; and 
‘‘(ii) an employee may accept gifts of trav-
el or expenses for travel taking place en-tirely outside the United States (such as transportation, food, and lodging) of more than minimal value if such acceptance is ap-propriate, consistent with the interests of the United States, and permitted by the em-ploying agency and any regulations which may be prescribed by the employing agency. 
‘‘(2) Within 60 days after accepting a tan-
gible gift of more than minimal value (other than a gift described in paragraph (1)(B)(ii)), an employee shall— 
‘‘(A) deposit the gift for disposal with his 
or her employing agency; or 
‘‘(B) subject to the approval of the employ-
ing agency, deposit the gift with that agency for official use. Within 30 days after termi-nating the official use of a gift under sub-paragraph (B), the employing agency shall forward the gift to the Administrator of Gen-eral Services in accordance with subsection (e)(1) or provide for its disposal in accord-ance with subsection (e)(2). 
‘‘(3) When an employee deposits a gift of 
more than minimal value for disposal or for official use pursuant to paragraph (2), or within 30 days after accepting travel or trav-el expenses as provided in paragraph (1)(B)(ii) unless such travel or travel ex-penses are accepted in accordance with spe-cific instructions of his or her employing agency, the employee shall file a statement with his or her employing agency or its dele-gate containing the information prescribed in subsection (f) for that gift. 
‘‘(d) The Congress consents to the accept-
ing, retaining, and wearing by an employee of a decoration tendered in recognition of ac-
tive field service in time of combat oper-ations or awarded for other outstanding or unusually meritorious performance, subject 
to the approval of the employing agency of such employee. Without this approval, the decoration is deemed to have been accepted on behalf of the United States, shall become the property of the United States, and shall be deposited by the employee, within sixty days of acceptance, with the employing agency for official use, for forwarding to the Administrator of General Services for dis-posal in accordance with subsection (e)(1), or for disposal in accordance with subsection (e)(2). 
‘‘(e)(1) Except as provided in paragraph (2), 
gifts and decorations that have been depos-ited with an employing agency for disposal shall be (A) returned to the donor, or (B) for-warded to the Administrator of General Services for transfer, donation, or other dis-posal in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Property and Administrative Services Act of 1949. However, no gift or decoration that has been deposited for dis-posal may be sold without the approval of the Secretary of State, upon a determination that the sale will not adversely affect the foreign relations of the United States. Gifts and decorations may be sold by negotiated sale. 
‘‘(2) Gifts and decorations received by a 
Senator or an employee of the Senate that are deposited with the Secretary of the Sen-ate for disposal, or are deposited for an offi-cial use which has terminated, shall be dis-posed of by the Commission on Arts and An-tiquities of the United States Senate. Any such gift or decoration may be returned by the Commission to the donor or may be transferred or donated by the Commission, subject to such terms and conditions as it may prescribe, (A) to an agency or instru-mentality of (i) the United States, (ii) a State, territory, or possession of the United States, or a political subdivision of the fore-going, or (iii) the District of Columbia, or (B) to an organization described in section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 which is exempt from taxation under section 501(a) of such Code. Any such gift or decora-tion not disposed of as provided in the pre-
ceding sentence shall be forwarded to the Ad-ministrator of General Services for disposal in accordance with paragraph (1). If the Ad-ministrator does not dispose of such gift or decoration within one year, he shall, at the request of the Commission, return it to the Commission and the Commission may dis-pose of such gift or decoration in such man-ner as it considers proper, except that such gift or decoration may be sold only with the approval of the Secretary of State upon a de-termination that the sale will not adversely affect the foreign relations of the United States. 
‘‘(f)(1) Not later than January 31 of each 
year, each employing agency or its delegate shall compile a listing of all statements filed during the preceding year by the employees of that agency pursuant to subsection (c)(3) and shall transmit such listing to the Sec-retary of State who shall publish a com-prehensive listing of all such statements in the Federal Register. 
‘‘(2) Such listings shall include for each 
tangible gift reported— 
‘‘(A) the name and position of the em-
ployee; 
‘‘(B) a brief description of the gift and the 
circumstances justifying acceptance; 
‘‘(C) the identity, if known, of the foreign 
government and the name and position of the individual who presented the gift; 
‘‘(D) the date of acceptance of the gift; ‘‘(E) the estimated value in the United 
States of the gift at the time of acceptance; and ‘‘(F) disposition or current location of the 
gift. 
‘‘(3) Such listings shall include for each 
gift of travel or travel expenses— 
‘‘(A) the name and position of the em-
ployee; 
‘‘(B) a brief description of the gift and the 
circumstances justifying acceptance; and 
‘‘(C) the identity, if known, of the foreign 
government and the name and position of the individual who presented the gift. 
‘‘(4) In transmitting such listings for the 
Central Intelligence Agency, the Director of Central Intelligence may delete the informa-tion described in subparagraphs (A) and (C) of paragraphs (2) and (3) if the Director cer-tifies in writing to the Secretary of State that the publication of such information could adversely affect United States intel-ligence sources. 
‘‘(g)(1) Each employing agency shall pre-
scribe such regulations as may be necessary to carry out the purpose of this section. For all employing agencies in the executive branch, such regulations shall be prescribed pursuant to guidance provided by the Sec-retary of State. These regulations shall be implemented by each employing agency for its employees. 
‘‘(2) Each employing agency shall— ‘‘(A) report to the Attorney General cases 
in which there is reason to believe that an employee has violated this section; 
‘‘(B) establish a procedure for obtaining an 
appraisal, when necessary, of the value of gifts; and 
‘‘(C) take any other actions necessary to 
carry out the purpose of this section. 
‘‘(h) The Attorney General may bring a 
civil action in any district court of the United States against any employee who knowingly solicits or accepts a gift from a foreign government not consented to by this section or who fails to deposit or report such gift as required by this section. The court in which such action is brought may assess a penalty against such employee in any amount not to exceed the retail value of the gift improperly solicited or received plus $5,000. 
‘‘(i) The President shall direct all Chiefs of 
a United States Diplomatic Mission to in-form their host governments that it is a gen-eral policy of the United States Government to prohibit United States Government em-ployees from receiving gifts or decorations of more than minimal value. 
‘‘(j) Nothing in this section shall be con-
strued to derogate any regulation prescribed by any employing agency which provides for more stringent limitations on the receipt of gifts and decorations by its employees. 
‘‘(k) The provisions of this section do not 
apply to grants and other forms of assistance to which section 108A of the Mutual Edu-cational and Cultural Exchange Act of 1961 applies.’’ 
PART II : SUPPLEMENTARY PROCEDURAL RULES  
145 Cong. Rec. S1832 (daily ed. Feb. 23, 1999) 
RULE 1 : GENERAL PROCEDURES  
(a) OFFICERS: In the absence of the Chair-
man, the duties of the Chair shall be filled by the Vice Chairman or, in the Vice Chair-man’s absence, a Committee member des-ignated by the Chairman. 
(b) PROCEDURAL RULES: The basic pro-
cedural rules of the Committee are stated as a part of the Standing Orders of the Senate in Senate Resolution 338, 88th Congress, as amended, as well as other resolutions and laws. Supplementary Procedural Rules are stated herein and are hereinafter referred to as the Rules. The Rules shall be published in the Congressional Record not later than thirty days after adoption, and copies shall be made available by the Committee office upon request. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:17 Feb 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24FE6.040 S24FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1064 February 24, 2015 
(c) MEETINGS: 
(1) The regular meeting of the Committee 
shall be the first Thursday of each month while the Congress is in session. 
(2) Special meetings may be held at the 
call of the Chairman or Vice Chairman if at least forty-eight hours notice is furnished to all members. If all members agree, a special meeting may be held on less than forty-eight hours notice. 
(3) (A) If any member of the Committee de-
sires that a special meeting of the Com-mittee be called, the member may file in the office of the Committee a written request to the Chairman or Vice Chairman for that spe-cial meeting. 
(B) Immediately upon the filing of the re-
quest the Clerk of the Committee shall no-tify the Chairman and Vice Chairman of the filing of the request. If, within three cal-endar days after the filing of the request, the Chairman or the Vice Chairman does not call the requested special meeting, to be held within seven calendar days after the filing of the request, any three of the members of the Committee may file their written notice in the office of the Committee that a special meeting of the Committee will be held at a specified date and hour; such special meeting may not occur until forty-eight hours after the notice is filed. The Clerk shall imme-diately notify all members of the Committee of the date and hour of the special meeting. The Committee shall meet at the specified date and hour. 
(d) QUORUM: (1) A majority of the members of the Select 
Committee shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business involving complaints or allegations of, or information about, mis-conduct, including resulting preliminary in-quiries, adjudicatory reviews, recommenda-tions or reports, and matters relating to Senate Resolution 400, agreed to May 19, 1976. 
(2) Three members shall constitute a 
quorum for the transaction of the routine business of the Select Committee not cov-ered by the first subparagraph of this para-graph, including requests for opinions and interpretations concerning the Code of Offi-cial Conduct or any other statute or regula-tion under the jurisdiction of the Select Committee, if one member of the quorum is a Member of the Majority Party and one member of the quorum is a Member of the Minority Party. During the transaction of routine business any member of the Select Committee constituting the quorum shall have the right to postpone further discussion of a pending matter until such time as a ma-jority of the members of the Select Com-mittee are present. 
(3) Except for an adjudicatory hearing 
under Rule 5 and any deposition taken out-side the presence of a Member under Rule 6, one Member shall constitute a quorum for hearing testimony, provided that all Mem-bers have been given notice of the hearing and the Chairman has designated a Member of the Majority Party and the Vice Chairman has designated a Member of the Minority Party to be in attendance, either of whom in the absence of the other may constitute the quorum. 
(e) ORDER OF BUSINESS: Questions as to 
the order of business and the procedure of the Committee shall in the first instance be decided by the Chairman and Vice Chairman, subject to reversal by a vote by a majority of the Committee. 
(f) HEARINGS ANNOUNCEMENTS: The 
Committee shall make public announcement of the date, place and subject matter of any hearing to be conducted by it at least one week before the commencement of that hear-ing, and shall publish such announcement in the Congressional Record. If the Committee determines that there is good cause to com-
mence a hearing at an earlier date, such no-tice will be given at the earliest possible time. 
(g) OPEN AND CLOSED COMMITTEE 
MEETINGS: Meetings of the Committee shall be open to the public or closed to the public (executive session), as determined under the provisions of paragraphs 5 (b) to (d) of Rule XXVI of the Standing Rules of the Senate. Executive session meetings of the Committee shall be closed except to the members and the staff of the Committee. On the motion of any member, and with the ap-proval of a majority of the Committee mem-bers present, other individuals may be ad-mitted to an executive session meeting for a specific period or purpose. 
(h) RECORD OF TESTIMONY AND COM-
MITTEE ACTION: An accurate stenographic or transcribed electronic record shall be kept of all Committee proceedings, whether in ex-ecutive or public session. Such record shall include Senators’ votes on any question on which a recorded vote is held. The record of a witness’s testimony, whether in public or executive session, shall be made available for inspection to the witness or his counsel under Committee supervision; a copy of any testimony given by that witness in public session, or that part of the testimony given by the witness in executive session and sub-sequently quoted or made part of the record in a public session shall be made available to any witness if he so requests. (See Rule 5 on Procedures for Conducting Hearings.) 
(i) SECRECY OF EXECUTIVE TESTI-
MONY AND ACTION AND OF COMPLAINT PROCEEDINGS: 
(1) All testimony and action taken in exec-
utive session shall be kept secret and shall not be released outside the Committee to any individual or group, whether govern-mental or private, without the approval of a majority of the Committee. 
(2) All testimony and action relating to a 
complaint or allegation shall be kept secret and shall not be released by the Committee to any individual or group, whether govern-mental or private, except the respondent, without the approval of a majority of the Committee, until such time as a report to the Senate is required under Senate Resolu-tion 338, 88th Congress, as amended, or unless otherwise permitted under these Rules. (See Rule 8 on Procedures for Handling Com-
mittee Sensitive and Classified Materials.) 
(j) RELEASE OF REPORTS TO PUBLIC: 
No information pertaining to, or copies of any Committee report, study, or other docu-ment which purports to express the view, findings, conclusions or recommendations of the Committee in connection with any of its activities or proceedings may be released to any individual or group whether govern-mental or private, without the authorization of the Committee. Whenever the Chairman or Vice Chairman is authorized to make any 
determination, then the determination may be released at his or her discretion. Each member of the Committee shall be given a reasonable opportunity to have separate views included as part of any Committee re-port. (See Rule 8 on Procedures for Handling Committee Sensitive and Classified Mate-rials.) 
(k) INELIGIBILITY OR DISQUALIFICA-
TION OF MEMBERS AND STAFF: 
(1) A member of the Committee shall be in-
eligible to participate in any Committee pro-ceeding that relates specifically to any of the following: 
(A) a preliminary inquiry or adjudicatory 
review relating to (i) the conduct of (I) such member; (II) any officer or employee the member supervises; or (ii) any complaint filed by the member; and 
(B) the determinations and recommenda-
tions of the Committee with respect to any preliminary inquiry or adjudicatory review 
described in subparagraph (A). 
For purposes of this paragraph, a member 
of the committee and an officer of the Sen-ate shall be deemed to supervise any officer or employee consistent with the provision of paragraph 12 of Rule XXXVII of the Standing Rules of the Senate. 
(2) If any Committee proceeding appears to 
relate to a member of the Committee in a manner described in subparagraph (1) of this paragraph, the staff shall prepare a report to the Chairman and Vice Chairman. If either the Chairman or the Vice Chairman con-cludes from the report that it appears that the member may be ineligible, the member shall be notified in writing of the nature of the particular proceeding and the reason that it appears that the member may be in-eligible to participate in it. If the member agrees that he or she is ineligible, the mem-ber shall so notify the Chairman or Vice Chairman. If the member believes that he or she is not ineligible, he or she may explain the reasons to the Chairman and Vice Chair-man, and if they both agree that the member is not ineligible, the member shall continue to serve. But if either the Chairman or Vice Chairman continues to believe that the member is ineligible, while the member be-lieves that he or she is not ineligible, the matter shall be promptly referred to the Committee. The member shall present his or her arguments to the Committee in execu-tive session. Any contested questions con-cerning a member’s eligibility shall be de-cided by a majority vote of the Committee, meeting in executive session, with the mem-ber in question not participating. 
(3) A member of the Committee may, at 
the discretion of the member, disqualify himself or herself from participating in any preliminary inquiry or adjudicatory review pending before the Committee and the deter-minations and recommendations of the Com-mittee with respect to any such preliminary inquiry or adjudicatory review. 
(4) Whenever any member of the Com-
mittee is ineligible under paragraph (1) to participate in any preliminary inquiry or ad-judicatory review, or disqualifies himself or herself under paragraph (3) from partici-pating in any preliminary inquiry or adju-dicatory review, another Senator shall be ap-pointed by the Senate to serve as a member of the Committee solely for purposes of such preliminary inquiry or adjudicatory review and the determinations and recommenda-tions of the Committee with respect to such preliminary inquiry or adjudicatory review. Any member of the Senate appointed for such purposes shall be of the same party as the member who is ineligible or disqualifies himself or herself. 
(5) The President of the Senate shall be 
given written notice of the ineligibility or 
disqualification of any member from any preliminary inquiry, adjudicatory review, or other proceeding requiring the appointment of another member in accordance with sub-paragraph (k)(4). 
(6) A member of the Committee staff shall 
be ineligible to participate in any Com-mittee proceeding that the staff director or outside counsel determines relates specifi-cally to any of the following: 
(A) the staff member’s own conduct; (B) the conduct of any employee that the 
staff member supervises; 
(C) the conduct of any member, officer or 
employee for whom the staff member has worked for any substantial period; or 
(D) a complaint, sworn or unsworn, that 
was filed by the staff member. At the direc-tion or with the consent of the staff director or outside counsel, a staff member may also be disqualified from participating in a Com-mittee proceeding in other circumstances not listed above. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:07 Feb 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24FE6.041 S24FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1065 February 24, 2015 
(l) RECORDED VOTES: Any member may 
require a recorded vote on any matter. 
(m) PROXIES; RECORDING VOTES OF 
ABSENT MEMBERS: 
(1) Proxy voting shall not be allowed when 
the question before the Committee is the ini-tiation or continuation of a preliminary in-quiry or an adjudicatory review, or the issuance of a report or recommendation re-lated thereto concerning a Member or officer of the Senate. In any such case an absent member’s vote may be announced solely for the purpose of recording the member’s posi-tion and such announced votes shall not be counted for or against the motion. 
(2) On matters other than matters listed in 
paragraph (m)(1) above, the Committee may order that the record be held open for the vote of absentees or recorded proxy votes if the absent Committee member has been in-formed of the matter on which the vote oc-curs and has affirmatively requested of the Chairman or Vice Chairman in writing that he be so recorded. 
(3) All proxies shall be in writing, and shall 
be delivered to the Chairman or Vice Chair-man to be recorded. 
(4) Proxies shall not be considered for the 
purpose of establishing a quorum. 
(n) APPROVAL OF BLIND TRUSTS AND 
FOREIGN TRAVEL REQUESTS BETWEEN SESSIONS AND DURING EXTENDED RE-CESSES: During any period in which the Senate stands in adjournment between ses-sions of the Congress or stands in a recess scheduled to extend beyond fourteen days, the Chairman and Vice Chairman, or their designees, acting jointly, are authorized to approve or disapprove blind trusts under the provision of Rule XXXIV. 
(o) COMMITTEE USE OF SERVICES OR 
EMPLOYEES OF OTHER AGENCIES AND DEPARTMENTS: With the prior consent of the department or agency involved, the Com-mittee may (1) utilize the services, informa-tion, or facilities of any such department or agency of the Government, and (2) employ on a reimbursable basis or otherwise the serv-ices of such personnel of any such depart-ment or agency as it deems advisable. With the consent of any other committee of the Senate, or any subcommittee, the Com-mittee may utilize the facilities and the services of the staff of such other committee or subcommittee whenever the Chairman and Vice Chairman of the Committee, acting jointly, determine that such action is nec-essary and appropriate. 
RULE 2 : PROCEDURES FOR COMPLAINTS , 
ALLEGATIONS , OR INFORMATION  
(a) COMPLAINT, ALLEGATION, OR IN-
FORMATION: Any member or staff member of the Committee shall report to the Com-mittee, and any other person may report to the Committee, a sworn complaint or other allegation or information, alleging that any Senator, or officer, or employee of the Sen-ate has violated a law, the Senate Code of Of-ficial Conduct, or any rule or regulation of the Senate relating to the conduct of any in-dividual in the performance of his or her duty as a Member, officer, or employee of the Senate, or has engaged in improper conduct which may reflect upon the Senate. Such complaints or allegations or information may be reported to the Chairman, the Vice Chairman, a Committee member, or a Com-mittee staff member. 
(b) SOURCE OF COMPLAINT, ALLEGA-
TION, OR INFORMATION: Complaints, alle-gations, and information to be reported to the Committee may be obtained from a vari-ety of sources, including but not limited to the following: 
(1) sworn complaints, defined as a written 
statement of facts, submitted under penalty of perjury, within the personal knowledge of the complainant alleging a violation of law, 
the Senate Code of Official Conduct, or any other rule or regulation of the Senate relat-ing to the conduct of individuals in the per-formance of their duties as members, offi-cers, or employees of the Senate; 
(2) anonymous or informal complaints; (3) information developed during a study or 
inquiry by the Committee or other commit-tees or subcommittees of the Senate, includ-ing information obtained in connection with legislative or general oversight hearings; 
(4) information reported by the news 
media; or 
(5) information obtained from any indi-
vidual, agency or department of the execu-tive branch of the Federal Government. 
(c) FORM AND CONTENT OF COM-
PLAINTS: A complaint need not be sworn nor must it be in any particular form to re-ceive Committee consideration, but the pre-ferred complaint will: 
(1) state, whenever possible, the name, ad-
dress, and telephone number of the party fil-ing the complaint; 
(2) provide the name of each member, offi-
cer or employee of the Senate who is specifi-cally alleged to have engaged in improper conduct or committed a violation; 
(3) state the nature of the alleged improper 
conduct or violation; 
(4) supply all documents in the possession 
of the party filing the complaint relevant to or in support of his or her allegations as an attachment to the complaint. 
RULE 3 : PROCEDURES FOR CONDUCTING A  
PRELIMINARY INQUIRY  
(a) DEFINITION OF PRELIMINARY IN-
QUIRY: A ‘‘preliminary inquiry’’ is a pro-ceeding undertaken by the Committee fol-lowing the receipt of a complaint or allega-tion of, or information about, misconduct by a Member, officer, or employee of the Senate to determine whether there is substantial credible evidence which provides substantial cause for the Committee to conclude that a violation within the jurisdiction of the Com-mittee has occurred. 
(b) BASIS FOR PRELIMINARY INQUIRY: 
The Committee shall promptly commence a preliminary inquiry whenever it has received a sworn complaint, or other allegation of, or information about, alleged misconduct or violations pursuant to Rule 2. 
(c) SCOPE OF PRELIMINARY INQUIRY: (1) The preliminary inquiry shall be of such 
duration and scope as is necessary to deter-mine whether there is substantial credible evidence which provides substantial cause for the Committee to conclude that a viola-tion within the jurisdiction of the Com-mittee has occurred. The Chairman and Vice Chairman, acting jointly, on behalf of the Committee may supervise and determine the appropriate duration, scope, and conduct of a preliminary inquiry. Whether a preliminary inquiry is conducted jointly by the Chairman and Vice Chairman or by the Committee as a whole, the day to day supervision of a pre-liminary inquiry rests with the Chairman and Vice Chairman, acting jointly. 
(2) A preliminary inquiry may include any 
inquiries, interviews, sworn statements, depositions, or subpoenas deemed appro-priate to obtain information upon which to make any determination provided for by this Rule. 
(d) OPPORTUNITY FOR RESPONSE: A 
preliminary inquiry may include an oppor-tunity for any known respondent or his or her designated representative to present ei-ther a written or oral statement, or to re-spond orally to questions from the Com-mittee. Such an oral statement or answers shall be transcribed and signed by the person providing the statement or answers. 
(e) STATUS REPORTS: The Committee 
staff or outside counsel shall periodically re-port to the Committee in the form and ac-
cording to the schedule prescribed by the Committee. The reports shall be confiden-tial. 
(f) FINAL REPORT: When the preliminary 
inquiry is completed, the staff or outside counsel shall make a confidential report, oral or written, to the Committee on find-ings and recommendations, as appropriate. 
(g) COMMITTEE ACTION: As soon as prac-
ticable following submission of the report on the preliminary inquiry, the Committee shall determine by a recorded vote whether there is substantial credible evidence which provides substantial cause for the Com-mittee to conclude that a violation within the jurisdiction of the Committee has oc-curred. The Committee may make any of the following determinations: 
(1) The Committee may determine that 
there is not such substantial credible evi-dence and, in such case, the Committee shall dismiss the matter. The Committee, or Chairman and Vice Chairman acting jointly on behalf of the Committee, may dismiss any matter which, after a preliminary inquiry, is determined to lack substantial merit. The Committee shall inform the complainant of the dismissal. 
(2) The Committee may determine that 
there is such substantial credible evidence, but that the alleged violation is inadvertent, technical, or otherwise of a de minimis na-ture. In such case, the Committee may dis-pose of the matter by issuing a public or pri-vate letter of admonition, which shall not be considered discipline and which shall not be subject to appeal to the Senate. The issuance of a letter of admonition must be approved by the affirmative recorded vote of no fewer than four members of the Committee voting. 
(3) The Committee may determine that 
there is such substantial credible evidence and that the matter cannot be appropriately disposed of under paragraph (2). In such case, the Committee shall promptly initiate an adjudicatory review in accordance with Rule 4. No adjudicatory review of conduct of a Member, officer, or employee of the Senate may be initiated except by the affirmative recorded vote of not less than four members of the Committee. 
RULE 4 : PROCEDURES FOR CONDUCTING AN  
ADJUDICATORY REVIEW  
(a) DEFINITION OF ADJUDICATORY RE-
VIEW: An ‘‘adjudicatory review’’ is a pro-ceeding undertaken by the Committee after a finding, on the basis of a preliminary in-quiry, that there is substantial cause for the Committee to conclude that a violation within the jurisdiction of the Committee has occurred. 
(b) SCOPE OF ADJUDICATORY REVIEW: 
When the Committee decides to conduct an adjudicatory review, it shall be of such dura-tion and scope as is necessary for the Com-mittee to determine whether a violation within its jurisdiction has occurred. An adju-dicatory review shall be conducted by out-side counsel as authorized by section 3(b)(1) of Senate Resolution 338 unless the Com-mittee determines not to use outside coun-sel. In the course of the adjudicatory review, designated outside counsel, or if the Com-mittee determines not to use outside coun-sel, the Committee or its staff, may conduct any inquiries or interviews, take sworn statements, use compulsory process as de-scribed in Rule 6, or take any other actions that the Committee deems appropriate to se-cure the evidence necessary to make a deter-mination. 
(c) NOTICE TO RESPONDENT: The Com-
mittee shall give written notice to any known respondent who is the subject of an adjudicatory review. The notice shall be sent to the respondent no later than five working 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:07 Feb 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24FE6.042 S24FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1066 February 24, 2015 
days after the Committee has voted to con-
duct an adjudicatory review. The notice shall include a statement of the nature of the possible violation, and description of the evidence indicating that a possible violation occurred. The Committee may offer the re-spondent an opportunity to present a state-ment, orally or in writing, or to respond to questions from members of the Committee, the Committee staff, or outside counsel. 
(d) RIGHT TO A HEARING: The Com-
mittee shall accord a respondent an oppor-tunity for a hearing before it recommends disciplinary action against that respondent to the Senate or before it imposes an order of restitution or reprimand (not requiring dis-cipline by the full Senate). 
(e) PROGRESS REPORTS TO COM-
MITTEE: The Committee staff or outside counsel shall periodically report to the Com-mittee concerning the progress of the adju-dicatory review. Such reports shall be deliv-ered to the Committee in the form and ac-cording to the schedule prescribed by the Committee, and shall be confidential. 
(f) FINAL REPORT OF ADJUDICATORY 
REVIEW TO COMMITTEE: Upon completion of an adjudicatory review, including any hearings held pursuant to Rule 5, the outside counsel or the staff shall submit a confiden-tial written report to the Committee, which shall detail the factual findings of the adju-dicatory review and which may recommend disciplinary action, if appropriate. Findings of fact of the adjudicatory review shall be de-tailed in this report whether or not discipli-nary action is recommended. 
(g) COMMITTEE ACTION: (1) As soon as practicable following sub-
mission of the report of the staff or outside counsel on the adjudicatory review, the Com-mittee shall prepare and submit a report to the Senate, including a recommendation or proposed resolution to the Senate concerning disciplinary action, if appropriate. A report shall be issued, stating in detail the Commit-tee’s findings of fact, whether or not discipli-nary action is recommended. The report shall also explain fully the reasons under-lying the Committee’s recommendation con-cerning disciplinary action, if any. No adju-dicatory review of conduct of a Member, offi-cer or employee of the Senate may be con-ducted, or report or resolution or rec-ommendation relating to such an adjudica-tory review of conduct may be made, except by the affirmative recorded vote of not less than four members of the Committee. 
(2) Pursuant to S. Res. 338, as amended, 
section 2(a), subsections (2), (3), and (4), after receipt of the report prescribed by paragraph (f) of this rule, the Committee may make any of the following recommendations for disciplinary action or issue an order for rep-rimand or restitution, as follows: 
(i) In the case of a Member, a recommenda-
tion to the Senate for expulsion, censure, payment of restitution, recommendation to a Member’s party conference regarding the Member’s seniority or positions of responsi-bility, or a combination of these; 
(ii) In the case of an officer or employee, a 
recommendation to the Senate of dismissal, suspension, payment of restitution, or a combination of these; 
(iii) In the case where the Committee de-
termines, after according to the Member, of-ficer, or employee due notice and oppor-tunity for a hearing, that misconduct oc-curred warranting discipline less serious than discipline by the full Senate, and sub-ject to the provisions of paragraph (h) of this rule relating to appeal, by a unanimous vote of six members order that a Member, officer or employee be reprimanded or pay restitu-tion or both; 
(iv) In the case where the Committee de-
termines that misconduct is inadvertent, technical, or otherwise of a de minimis na-
ture, issue a public or private letter of admo-nition to a Member, officer or employee, which shall not be subject to appeal to the Senate. 
(3) In the case where the Committee deter-
mines, upon consideration of all the evi-dence, that the facts do not warrant a find-ing that there is substantial credible evi-dence which provides substantial cause for the Committee to conclude that a violation within the jurisdiction of the Committee has occurred, the Committee may dismiss the matter. 
(4) Promptly, after the conclusion of the 
adjudicatory review, the Committee’s report and recommendation, if any, shall be for-warded to the Secretary of the Senate, and a copy shall be provided to the complainant and the respondent. The full report and rec-ommendation, if any, shall be printed and made public, unless the Committee deter-mines by the recorded vote of not less than four members of the Committee that it should remain confidential. 
(h) RIGHT OF APPEAL: (1) Any individual who is the subject of a 
reprimand or order of restitution, or both, pursuant to subsection (g)(2)(iii), may, with-in 30 days of the Committee’s report to the Senate of its action imposing a reprimand or order of restitution, or both, appeal to the Senate by providing written notice of the ap-peal to the Committee and the presiding offi-cer of the Senate. The presiding officer shall cause the notice of the appeal to be printed in the Congressional Record and the Senate Journal. 
(2) S. Res. 338 provides that a motion to 
proceed to consideration of an appeal pursu-ant to paragraph (1) shall be highly privi-leged and not debatable. If the motion to proceed to consideration of the appeal is agreed to, the appeal shall be decided on the basis of the Committee’s report to the Sen-ate. Debate on the appeal shall be limited to 10 hours, which shall be divided equally be-tween, and controlled by, those favoring and those opposing the appeal. 
RULE 5 : PROCEDURES FOR HEARINGS  
(a) RIGHT TO HEARING: The Committee 
may hold a public or executive hearing in any preliminary inquiry, adjudicatory re-view, or other proceeding. The Committee shall accord a respondent an opportunity for a hearing before it recommends disciplinary action against that respondent to the Senate or before it imposes an order of restitution or reprimand. (See Rule 4(d).) 
(b) NON-PUBLIC HEARINGS: The Com-
mittee may at any time during a hearing de-termine in accordance with paragraph 5(b) of Rule XXVI of the Standing Rules of the Sen-ate whether to receive the testimony of spe-cific witnesses in executive session. If a wit-ness desires to express a preference for testi-fying in public or in executive session, he or she shall so notify the Committee at least five days before he or she is scheduled to tes-tify. 
(c) ADJUDICATORY HEARINGS: The 
Committee may, by the recorded vote of not less than four members of the Committee, designate any public or executive hearing as an adjudicatory hearing; and any hearing which is concerned with possible disciplinary action against a respondent or respondents designated by the Committee shall be an ad-judicatory hearing. In any adjudicatory hearing, the procedures described in para-graph (j) shall apply. 
(d) SUBPOENA POWER: The Committee 
may require, by subpoena or otherwise, the attendance and testimony of such witnesses and the production of such correspondence, books, papers, documents or other articles as it deems advisable. (See Rule 6.) (e) NOTICE OF HEARINGS: The Com-
mittee shall make public an announcement of the date, place, and subject matter of any hearing to be conducted by it, in accordance with Rule 1(f). 
(f) PRESIDING OFFICER: The Chairman 
shall preside over the hearings, or in his ab-sence the Vice Chairman. If the Vice Chair-man is also absent, a Committee member designated by the Chairman shall preside. If an oath or affirmation is required, it shall be administered to a witness by the Presiding Officer, or in his absence, by any Committee member. 
(g) WITNESSES: (1) A subpoena or other request to testify 
shall be served on a witness sufficiently in advance of his or her scheduled appearance to allow the witness a reasonable period of time, as determined by the Committee, to prepare for the hearing and to employ coun-sel if desired. 
(2) The Committee may, by recorded vote 
of not less than four members of the Com-mittee, rule that no member of the Com-mittee or staff or outside counsel shall make public the name of any witness subpoenaed by the Committee before the date of that witness’s scheduled appearance, except as specifically authorized by the Chairman and Vice Chairman, acting jointly. 
(3) Any witness desiring to read a prepared 
or written statement in executive or public hearings shall file a copy of such statement with the Committee at least two working days in advance of the hearing at which the statement is to be presented. The Chairman and Vice Chairman shall determine whether such statements may be read or placed in the record of the hearing. 
(4) Insofar as practicable, each witness 
shall be permitted to present a brief oral opening statement, if he or she desires to do so. 
(h) RIGHT TO TESTIFY: Any person whose 
name is mentioned or who is specifically identified or otherwise referred to in testi-mony or in statements made by a Committee member, staff member or outside counsel, or any witness, and who reasonably believes that the statement tends to adversely affect his or her reputation may— 
(1) Request to appear personally before the 
Committee to testify in his or her own be-half; or 
(2) File a sworn statement of facts relevant 
to the testimony or other evidence or state-ment of which he or she complained. Such request and such statement shall be sub-mitted to the Committee for its consider-ation and action. 
(i) CONDUCT OF WITNESSES AND 
OTHER ATTENDEES: The Presiding Officer may punish any breaches of order and deco-rum by censure and exclusion from the hear-ings. The Committee, by majority vote, may recommend to the Senate that the offender be cited for contempt of Congress. 
(j) ADJUDICATORY HEARING PROCE-
DURES: 
(1) NOTICE OF HEARINGS: A copy of the 
public announcement of an adjudicatory hearing, required by paragraph (e), shall be furnished together with a copy of these Rules to all witnesses at the time that they are subpoenaed or otherwise summoned to testify. 
(2) PREPARATION FOR ADJUDICATORY 
HEARINGS: 
(A) At least five working days prior to the 
commencement of an adjudicatory hearing, the Committee shall provide the following information and documents to the respond-ent, if any: 
(i) a list of proposed witnesses to be called 
at the hearing; 
(ii) copies of all documents expected to be 
introduced as exhibits at the hearing; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:07 Feb 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24FE6.043 S24FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1067 February 24, 2015 
(iii) a brief statement as to the nature of 
the testimony expected to be given by each witness to be called at the hearing. 
(B) At least two working days prior to the 
commencement of an adjudicatory hearing, the respondent, if any, shall provide the in-formation and documents described in divi-sions (i), (ii) and (iii) of subparagraph (A) to the Committee. 
(C) At the discretion of the Committee, the 
information and documents to be exchanged under this paragraph shall be subject to an appropriate agreement limiting access and disclosure. 
(D) If a respondent refuses to provide the 
information and documents to the Com-mittee (see (A) and (B) of this subparagraph), or if a respondent or other individual vio-lates an agreement limiting access and dis-closure, the Committee, by majority vote, may recommend to the Senate that the of-fender be cited for contempt of Congress. 
(3) SWEARING OF WITNESSES: All wit-
nesses who testify at adjudicatory hearings shall be sworn unless the Presiding Officer, for good cause, decides that a witness does not have to be sworn. 
(4) RIGHT TO COUNSEL: Any witness at 
an adjudicatory hearing may be accom-panied by counsel of his or her own choosing, who shall be permitted to advise the witness of his or her legal rights during the testi-mony. 
(5) RIGHT TO CROSS-EXAMINE AND 
CALL WITNESSES: 
(A) In adjudicatory hearings, any respond-
ent and any other person who obtains the permission of the Committee, may person-ally or through counsel cross-examine wit-nesses called by the Committee and may call witnesses in his or her own behalf. 
(B) A respondent may apply to the Com-
mittee for the issuance of subpoenas for the appearance of witnesses or the production of documents on his or her behalf. An applica-tion shall be approved upon a concise show-ing by the respondent that the proposed tes-timony or evidence is relevant and appro-priate, as determined by the Chairman and Vice Chairman. 
(C) With respect to witnesses called by a 
respondent, or other individual given permis-sion by the Committee, each such witness shall first be examined by the party who called the witness or by that party’s counsel. 
(D) At least one working day before a 
witness’s scheduled appearance, a witness or a witness’s counsel may submit to the Com-mittee written questions proposed to be asked of that witness. If the Committee de-termines that it is necessary, such questions may be asked by any member of the Com-mittee, or by any Committee staff member if directed by a Committee member. The wit-ness or witness’s counsel may also submit additional sworn testimony for the record within twenty-four hours after the last day that the witness has testified. The insertion of such testimony in that day’s record is sub-ject to the approval of the Chairman and Vice Chairman acting jointly within five days after the testimony is received. 
(6) ADMISSIBILITY OF EVIDENCE: (A) The object of the hearing shall be to as-
certain the truth. Any evidence that may be relevant and probative shall be admissible unless privileged under the Federal Rules of Evidence. Rules of evidence shall not be ap-plied strictly, but the Presiding Officer shall exclude irrelevant or unduly repetitious tes-timony. Objections going only to the weight that should be given evidence will not justify its exclusion. 
(B) The Presiding Officer shall rule upon 
any question of the admissibility of testi-mony or other evidence presented to the Committee. Such rulings shall be final un-less reversed or modified by a recorded vote of not less than four members of the Com-
mittee before the recess of that day’s hear-ings. 
(C) Notwithstanding paragraphs (A) and 
(B), in any matter before the Committee in-volving allegations of sexual discrimination, including sexual harassment, or sexual mis-conduct, b a Member, officer, or employee within the jurisdiction of the Committee, the Committee shall be guided by the stand-ards and procedures of Rule 412 of the Fed-eral Rules of Evidence, except that the Com-mittee may admit evidence subject to the provisions of this paragraph only upon a de-termination of not less than four members of the full Committee that the interests of jus-tice require that such evidence be admitted. 
(7) SUPPLEMENTARY HEARING PROCE-
DURES: The Committee may adopt any ad-ditional special hearing procedures that it deems necessary or appropriate to a par-ticular adjudicatory hearing. Copies of such supplementary procedures shall be furnished to witnesses and respondents, and shall be made available upon request to any member of the public. 
(k) TRANSCRIPTS: (1) An accurate stenographic or recorded 
transcript shall be made of all public and ex-ecutive hearings. Any member of the Com-mittee, Committee staff member, outside counsel retained by the Committee, or wit-ness may examine a copy of the transcript retained by the Committee of his or her own remarks and may suggest to the official re-porter any typographical or transcription er-rors. If the reporter declines to make the re-quested corrections, the member, staff mem-ber, outside counsel or witness may request a ruling by the Chairman and Vice Chair-man, acting jointly. Any member or witness shall return the transcript with suggested corrections to the Committee offices within five working days after receipt of the tran-script, or as soon thereafter as is practicable. If the testimony was given in executive ses-sion, the member or witness may only in-spect the transcript at a location determined by the Chairman and Vice Chairman, acting jointly. Any questions arising with respect to the processing and correction of tran-scripts shall be decided by the Chairman and Vice Chairman, acting jointly. 
(2) Except for the record of a hearing which 
is closed to the public, each transcript shall be printed as soon as is practicable after re-ceipt of the corrected version. The Chairman and Vice Chairman, acting jointly, may order the transcript of a hearing to be print-ed without the corrections of a member or witness if they determine that such member or witness has been afforded a reasonable time to correct such transcript and such transcript has not been returned within such time. 
(3) The Committee shall furnish each wit-
ness, at no cost, one transcript copy of that witness’s testimony given at a public hear-ing. If the testimony was given in executive session, then a transcript copy shall be pro-vided upon request, subject to appropriate conditions and restrictions prescribed by the Chairman and Vice Chairman. If any indi-vidual violates such conditions and restric-tions, the Committee may recommend by majority vote that he or she be cited for con-tempt of Congress. 
RULE 6 : SUBPOENAS AND DEPOSITIONS  
(a) SUBPOENAS: 
(1) AUTHORIZATION FOR ISSUANCE: 
Subpoenas for the attendance and testimony of witnesses at depositions or hearings, and subpoenas for the production of documents and tangible things at depositions, hearings, or other times and places designated therein, may be authorized for issuance by either (A) a majority vote of the Committee, or (B) the Chairman and Vice Chairman, acting jointly, 
at any time during a preliminary inquiry, adjudicatory review, or other proceeding. 
(2) SIGNATURE AND SERVICE: All sub-
poenas shall be signed by the Chairman or the Vice Chairman and may be served by any 
person eighteen years of age or older, who is designated by the Chairman or Vice Chair-man. Each subpoena shall be served with a copy of the Rules of the Committee and a brief statement of the purpose of the Com-mittee’s proceeding. 
(3) WITHDRAWAL OF SUBPOENA: The 
Committee, by recorded vote of not less than four members of the Committee, may with-draw any subpoena authorized for issuance by it or authorized for issuance by the Chair-man and Vice Chairman, acting jointly. The Chairman and Vice Chairman, acting jointly, may withdraw any subpoena authorized for issuance by them. 
(b) DEPOSITIONS: (1) PERSONS AUTHORIZED TO TAKE 
DEPOSITIONS: Depositions may be taken by any member of the Committee designated by the Chairman and Vice Chairman, acting jointly, or by any other person designated by the Chairman and Vice Chairman, acting jointly, including outside counsel, Com-mittee staff, other employees of the Senate, or government employees detailed to the Committee. 
(2) DEPOSITION NOTICES: Notices for the 
taking of depositions shall be authorized by the Committee, or the Chairman and Vice Chairman, acting jointly, and issued by the Chairman, Vice Chairman, or a Committee staff member or outside counsel designated by the Chairman and Vice Chairman, acting jointly. Depositions may be taken at any time during a preliminary inquiry, adjudica-tory review or other proceeding. Deposition notices shall specify a time and place for ex-amination. Unless otherwise specified, the deposition shall be in private, and the testi-mony taken and documents produced shall be deemed for the purpose of these rules to have been received in a closed or executive session of the Committee. The Committee shall not initiate procedures leading to criminal or civil enforcement proceedings for a witness’s failure to appear, or to testify, or to produce documents, unless the deposition notice was accompanied by a subpoena au-thorized for issuance by the Committee, or the Chairman and Vice Chairman, acting jointly. 
(3) COUNSEL AT DEPOSITIONS: Wit-
nesses may be accompanied at a deposition by counsel to advise them of their rights. 
(4) DEPOSITION PROCEDURE: Witnesses 
at depositions shall be examined upon oath administered by an individual authorized by law to administer oaths, or administered by any member of the Committee if one is present. Questions may be propounded by any person or persons who are authorized to take depositions for the Committee. If a wit-ness objects to a question and refuses to tes-tify, or refuses to produce a document, any member of the Committee who is present may rule on the objection and, if the objec-tion is overruled, direct the witness to an-swer the question or produce the document. If no member of the Committee is present, the individual who has been designated by the Chairman and Vice Chairman, acting jointly, to take the deposition may proceed with the deposition, or may, at that time or at a subsequent time, seek a ruling by tele-phone or otherwise on the objection from the Chairman or Vice Chairman of the Com-mittee, who may refer the matter to the Committee or rule on the objection. If the Chairman or Vice Chairman, or the Com-mittee upon referral, overrules the objec-tion, the Chairman, Vice Chairman, or the Committee as the case may be, may direct 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:07 Feb 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24FE6.044 S24FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1068 February 24, 2015 
the witness to answer the question or 
produce the document. The Committee shall not initiate procedures leading to civil or criminal enforcement unless the witness re-fuses to testify or produce documents after having been directed to do so. 
(5) FILING OF DEPOSITIONS: Deposition 
testimony shall be transcribed or electroni-cally recorded. If the deposition is tran-scribed, the individual administering the oath shall certify on the transcript that the witness was duly sworn in his or her presence and the transcriber shall certify that the transcript is a true record of the testimony. The transcript with these certifications shall be filed with the chief clerk of the Com-mittee, and the witness shall be furnished with access to a copy at the Committee’s of-fices for review. Upon inspecting the tran-script, within a time limit set by the Chair-man and Vice Chairman, acting jointly, a witness may request in writing changes in the transcript to correct errors in tran-scription. The witness may also bring to the attention of the Committee errors of fact in the witness’s testimony by submitting a sworn statement about those facts with a re-quest that it be attached to the transcript. The Chairman and Vice Chairman, acting jointly, may rule on the witness’s request, and the changes or attachments allowed shall be certified by the Committee’s chief clerk. If the witness fails to make any re-quest under this paragraph within the time limit set, this fact shall be noted by the Committee’s chief clerk. Any person author-ized by the Committee may stipulate with the witness to changes in this procedure. 
RULE 7 : VIOLATIONS OF LAW ; PERJURY ; LEGIS -
LATIVE RECOMMENDATIONS ; EDUCATIONAL  
MANDATE ; AND APPLICABLE RULES AND  
STANDARDS OF CONDUCT  
(a) VIOLATIONS OF LAW: Whenever the 
Committee determines by the recorded vote of not less than four members of the full Committee that there is reason to believe that a violation of law, including the provi-sion of false information to the Committee, may have occurred, it shall report such pos-sible violation to the proper Federal and state authorities. 
(b) PERJURY: Any person who knowingly 
and willfully swears falsely to a sworn com-plaint or any other sworn statement to the Committee does so under penalty of perjury. The Committee may refer any such case to the Attorney General for prosecution. 
(c) LEGISLATIVE RECOMMENDATIONS: 
The Committee shall recommend to the Sen-ate by report or resolution such additional rules, regulations, or other legislative meas-ures as it determines to be necessary or de-sirable to ensure proper standards of conduct by Members, officers, or employees of the Senate. The Committee may conduct such inquiries as it deems necessary to prepare such a report or resolution, including the holding of hearings in public or executive session and the use of subpoenas to compel the attendance of witnesses or the produc-tion of materials. The Committee may make legislative recommendations as a result of its findings in a preliminary inquiry, adju-dicatory review, or other proceeding. 
(d) Educational Mandate: The Committee 
shall develop and implement programs and materials designed to educate Members, offi-cers, and employees about the laws, rules, regulations, and standards of conduct appli-cable to such individuals in the performance of their duties. 
(e) APPLICABLE RULES AND STAND-
ARDS OF CONDUCT: 
(1) Notwithstanding any other provision of 
this section, no adjudicatory review shall be initiated of any alleged violation of any law, the Senate Code of Official Conduct, rule, or regulation which was not in effect at the 
time the alleged violation occurred. No pro-visions of the Senate Code of Official Con-duct shall apply to or require disclosure of any act, relationship, or transaction which occurred prior to the effective date of the ap-plicable provision of the Code. 
(2) The Committee may initiate an adju-
dicatory review of any alleged violation of a rule or law which was in effect prior to the enactment of the Senate Code of Official Conduct if the alleged violation occurred while such rule or law was in effect and the violation was not a matter resolved on the 
merits by the predecessor Committee. 
RULE 8 : PROCEDURES FOR HANDLING COMMITTEE  
SENSITIVE AND CLASSIFIED MATERIALS  
(a) PROCEDURES FOR HANDLING COM-
MITTEE SENSITIVE MATERIALS: 
(1) Committee Sensitive information or 
material is information or material in the possession of the Select Committee on Eth-ics which pertains to illegal or improper con-duct by a present or former Member, officer, or employee of the Senate; to allegations or accusations of such conduct; to any resulting preliminary inquiry, adjudicatory review or other proceeding by the Select Committee on Ethics into such allegations or conduct; to the investigative techniques and proce-dures of the Select Committee on Ethics; or to other information or material designated by the staff director, or outside counsel des-ignated by the Chairman and Vice Chairman. 
(2) The Chairman and Vice Chairman of the 
Committee shall establish such procedures as may be necessary to prevent the unau-thorized disclosure of Committee Sensitive information in the possession of the Com-mittee or its staff. Procedures for protecting Committee Sensitive materials shall be in writing and shall be given to each Com-mittee staff member. 
(b) PROCEDURES FOR HANDLING CLAS-
SIFIED MATERIALS: 
(1) Classified information or material is in-
formation or material which is specifically designated as classified under the authority of Executive Order 11652 requiring protection of such information or material from unau-thorized disclosure in order to prevent dam-age to the United States. 
(2) The Chairman and Vice Chairman of the 
Committee shall establish such procedures as may be necessary to prevent the unau-thorized disclosure of classified information in the possession of the Committee or its staff. Procedures for handling such informa-tion shall be in writing and a copy of the procedures shall be given to each staff mem-ber cleared for access to classified informa-tion. 
(3) Each member of the Committee shall 
have access to classified material in the Committee’s possession. Only Committee staff members with appropriate security clearances and a need-to-know, as approved by the Chairman and Vice Chairman, acting jointly, shall have access to classified infor-mation in the Committee’s possession. 
(c) PROCEDURES FOR HANDLING COM-
MITTEE SENSITIVE AND CLASSIFIED DOCUMENTS: 
(1) Committee Sensitive documents and 
materials shall be stored in the Committee’s offices, with appropriate safeguards for maintaining the security of such documents or materials. Classified documents and mate-rials shall be further segregated in the Com-mittee’s offices in secure filing safes. Re-moval from the Committee offices of such documents or materials is prohibited except as necessary for use in, or preparation for, interviews or Committee meetings, including the taking of testimony, or as otherwise spe-cifically approved by the staff director or by outside counsel designated by the Chairman and Vice Chairman. (2) Each member of the Committee shall 
have access to all materials in the Commit-tee’s possession. The staffs of members shall not have access to Committee Sensitive or classified documents and materials without the specific approval in each instance of the Chairman, and Vice Chairman, acting joint-ly. Members may examine such materials in the Committee’s offices. If necessary, re-quested materials may be hand delivered by a member of the Committee staff to the member of the Committee, or to a staff per-son(s) specifically designated by the mem-ber, for the Member’s or designated staffer’s examination. A member of the Committee who has possession of Committee Sensitive documents or materials shall take appro-priate safeguards for maintaining the secu-
rity of such documents or materials in the possession of the Member or his or her des-ignated staffer. 
(3) Committee Sensitive documents that 
are provided to a Member of the Senate in connection with a complaint that has been filed against the Member shall be hand deliv-ered to the Member or to the Member’s Chief of Staff or Administrative Assistant. Com-mittee Sensitive documents that are pro-vided to a Member of the Senate who is the subject of a preliminary inquiry, adjudica-tory review, or other proceeding, shall be hand delivered to the Member or to his or her specifically designated representative. 
(4) Any Member of the Senate who is not a 
member of the Committee and who seeks ac-cess to any Committee Sensitive or classi-fied documents or materials, other than doc-uments or materials which are matters of public record, shall request access in writing. The Committee shall decide by majority vote whether to make documents or mate-rials available. If access is granted, the Member shall not disclose the information except as authorized by the Committee. 
(5) Whenever the Committee makes Com-
mittee Sensitive or classified documents or materials available to any Member of the Senate who is not a member of the Com-mittee, or to a staff person of a Committee member in response to a specific request to the Chairman and Vice Chairman, a written record shall be made identifying the Member of the Senate requesting such documents or materials and describing what was made available and to whom. 
(d) NON-DISCLOSURE POLICY AND 
AGREEMENT: 
(1) Except as provided in the last sentence 
of this paragraph, no member of the Select Committee on Ethics, its staff or any person engaged by contract or otherwise to perform services for the Select Committee on Ethics shall release, divulge, publish, reveal by writing, word, conduct, or disclose in any way, in whole, or in part, or by way of sum-mary, during tenure with the Select Com-mittee on Ethics or anytime thereafter, any testimony given before the Select Com-mittee on Ethics in executive session (in-cluding the name of any witness who ap-peared or was called to appear in executive session), any classified or Committee Sen-sitive information, document or material, received or generated by the Select Com-mittee on Ethics or any classified or Com-mittee Sensitive information which may come into the possession of such person dur-ing tenure with the Select Committee on Ethics or its staff. Such information, docu-ments, or material may be released to an of-ficial of the executive branch properly cleared for access with a need-to-know, for any purpose or in connection with any pro-ceeding, judicial or otherwise, as authorized by the Select Committee on Ethics, or in the event of termination of the Select Com-mittee on Ethics, in such a manner as may be determined by its successor or by the Sen-ate. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:07 Feb 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24FE6.045 S24FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1069 February 24, 2015 
(2) No member of the Select Committee on 
Ethics staff or any person engaged by con-tract or otherwise to perform services for the Select Committee on Ethics, shall be grant-ed access to classified or Committee Sen-sitive information or material in the posses-sion of the Select Committee on Ethics un-less and until such person agrees in writing, as a condition of employment, to the non- disclosure policy. The agreement shall be-come effective when signed by the Chairman and Vice Chairman on behalf of the Com-mittee. 
RULE 9 : BROADCASTING AND NEWS COVERAGE OF  
COMMITTEE PROCEEDINGS  
(a) Whenever any hearing or meeting of the 
Committee is open to the public, the Com-mittee shall permit that hearing or meeting to be covered in whole or in part, by tele-vision broadcast, radio broadcast, still pho-tography, or by any other methods of cov-erage, unless the Committee decides by re-corded vote of not less than four members of the Committee that such coverage is not ap-propriate at a particular hearing or meeting. 
(b) Any witness served with a subpoena by 
the Committee may request not to be photo-graphed at any hearing or to give evidence or testimony while the broadcasting, reproduc-tion, or coverage of that hearing, by radio, television, still photography, or other meth-ods is occurring. At the request of any such witness who does not wish to be subjected to radio, television, still photography, or other methods of coverage, and subject to the ap-proval of the Committee, all lenses shall be covered and all microphones used for cov-erage turned off. 
(c) If coverage is permitted, it shall be in 
accordance with the following requirements: 
(1) Photographers and reporters using me-
chanical recording, filming, or broadcasting apparatus shall position their equipment so as not to interfere with the seating, vision, and hearing of the Committee members and staff, or with the orderly process of the meeting or hearing. 
(2) If the television or radio coverage of the 
hearing or meeting is to be presented to the public as live coverage, the coverage shall be conducted and presented without commer-cial sponsorship. 
(3) Personnel providing coverage by the 
television and radio media shall be currently accredited to the Radio and Television Cor-respondents’ Galleries. 
(4) Personnel providing coverage by still 
photography shall be currently accredited to the Press Photographers’ Gallery Committee of Press Photographers. 
(5) Personnel providing coverage by the 
television and radio media and by still pho-tography shall conduct themselves and the coverage activities in an orderly and unob-trusive manner. 
RULE 10 : PROCEDURES FOR ADVISORY OPINIONS  
(a) WHEN ADVISORY OPINIONS ARE 
RENDERED: 
(1) The Committee shall render an advisory 
opinion, in writing within a reasonable time, in response to a written request by a Member or officer of the Senate or a candidate for nomination for election, or election to the Senate, concerning the application of any law, the Senate Code of Official Conduct, or any rule or regulation of the Senate within the Committee’s jurisdiction, to a specific factual situation pertinent to the conduct or proposed conduct of the person seeking the advisory opinion. 
(2) The Committee may issue an advisory 
opinion in writing within a reasonable time in response to a written request by any em-ployee of the Senate concerning the applica-tion of any law, the Senate Code of Official Conduct, or any rule or regulation of the Senate within the Committee’s jurisdiction, to a specific factual situation pertinent to 
the conduct or proposed conduct of the per-son seeking the advisory opinion. 
(b) FORM OF REQUEST: A request for an 
advisory opinion shall be directed in writing to the Chairman of the Committee and shall include a complete and accurate statement of the specific factual situation with respect to which the request is made as well as the specific question or questions which the re-questor wishes the Committee to address. 
(c) OPPORTUNITY FOR COMMENT: 
(1) The Committee will provide an oppor-
tunity for any interested party to comment on a request for an advisory opinion— 
(A) which requires an interpretation on a 
significant question of first impression that will affect more than a few individuals; or 
(B) when the Committee determines that 
comments from interested parties would be of assistance. 
(2) Notice of any such request for an advi-
sory opinion shall be published in the Con-gressional Record, with appropriate dele-tions to insure confidentiality, and inter-ested parties will be asked to submit their comments in writing to the Committee with-in ten days. 
(3) All relevant comments received on a 
timely basis will be considered. 
(d) ISSUANCE OF AN ADVISORY OPIN-
ION: 
(1) The Committee staff shall prepare a 
proposed advisory opinion in draft form which will first be reviewed and approved by the Chairman and Vice Chairman, acting jointly, and will be presented to the Com-mittee for final action. If (A) the Chairman and Vice Chairman cannot agree, or (B) ei-ther the Chairman or Vice Chairman re-quests that it be taken directly to the Com-mittee, then the proposed advisory opinion shall be referred to the Committee for its de-cision. 
(2) An advisory opinion shall be issued only 
by the affirmative recorded vote of a major-ity of the members voting. 
(3) Each advisory opinion issued by the 
Committee shall be promptly transmitted for publication in the Congressional Record after appropriate deletions are made to in-sure confidentiality. The Committee may at any time revise, withdraw, or elaborate on any advisory opinion. 
(e) RELIANCE ON ADVISORY OPINIONS: (1) Any advisory opinion issued by the 
Committee under Senate Resolution 338, 88th Congress, as amended, and the rules may be relied upon by— 
(A) Any person involved in the specific 
transaction or activity with respect to which such advisory opinion is rendered if the re-quest for such advisory opinion included a complete and accurate statement of the spe-cific factual situation; and 
(B) any person involved in any specific 
transaction or activity which is indistin-guishable in all its material aspects from the transaction or activity with respect to which such advisory opinion is rendered. 
(2) Any person who relies upon any provi-
sion or finding of an advisory opinion in ac-cordance with the provisions of Senate Reso-lution 338, 88th Congress, as amended, and of the rules, and who acts in good faith in ac-cordance with the provisions and findings of such advisory opinion shall not, as a result of any such act, be subject to any sanction by the Senate. 
RULE 11 : PROCEDURES FOR INTERPRETATIVE  
RULINGS  
(a) BASIS FOR INTERPRETATIVE RUL-
INGS: Senate Resolution 338, 88th Congress, as amended, authorizes the Committee to issue interpretative rulings explaining and clarifying the application of any law, the Code of Official Conduct, or any rule or regu-lation of the Senate within its jurisdiction. 
The Committee also may issue such rulings clarifying or explaining any rule or regula-tion of the Select Committee on Ethics. 
(b) REQUEST FOR RULING: A request for 
such a ruling must be directed in writing to the Chairman or Vice Chairman of the Com-mittee. 
(c) ADOPTION OF RULING: (1) The Chairman and Vice Chairman, act-
ing jointly, shall issue a written interpreta-tive ruling in response to any such request, unless— 
(A) they cannot agree, (B) it requires an interpretation of a sig-
nificant question of first impression, or 
(C) either requests that it be taken to the 
Committee, in which event the request shall be directed to the Committee for a ruling. 
(2) A ruling on any request taken to the 
Committee under subparagraph (1) shall be adopted by a majority of the members voting and the ruling shall then be issued by the Chairman and Vice Chairman. 
(d) PUBLICATION OF RULINGS: The 
Committee will publish in the Congressional Record, after making appropriate deletions to ensure confidentiality, any interpretative rulings issued under this Rule which the Committee determines may be of assistance or guidance to other Members, officers or employees. The Committee may at any time revise, withdraw, or elaborate on interpreta-tive rulings. 
(e) RELIANCE ON RULINGS: Whenever an 
individual can demonstrate to the Commit-tee’s satisfaction that his or her conduct was in good faith reliance on an interpretative ruling issued in accordance with this Rule, the Committee will not recommend sanc-tions to the Senate as a result of such con-duct. 
(f) RULINGS BY COMMITTEE STAFF: 
The Committee staff is not authorized to make rulings or give advice, orally or in writing, which binds the Committee in any way. 
RULE 12 : PROCEDURES FOR COMPLAINTS INVOLV -
ING IMPROPER USE OF THE MAILING FRANK  
(a) AUTHORITY TO RECEIVE COM-
PLAINTS: The Committee is directed by sec-tion 6(b) of Public Law 93–191 to receive and dispose of complaints that a violation of the use of the mailing frank has occurred or is about to occur by a Member or officer of the Senate or by a surviving spouse of a Member. All such complaints will be processed in ac-cordance with the provisions of these Rules, except as provided in paragraph (b). 
(b) DISPOSITION OF COMPLAINTS: (1) The Committee may dispose of any such 
complaint by requiring restitution of the cost of the mailing, pursuant to the franking statute, if it finds that the franking viola-tion was the result of a mistake. 
(2) Any complaint disposed of by restitu-
tion that is made after the Committee has formally commenced an adjudicatory review, must be summarized, together with the dis-position, in a report to the Senate, as appro-priate. 
(3) If a complaint is disposed of by restitu-
tion, the complainant, if any, shall be noti-fied of the disposition in writing. 
(c) ADVISORY OPINIONS AND INTER-
PRETATIVE RULINGS: Requests for advi-sory opinions or interpretative rulings in-volving franking questions shall be processed in accordance with Rules 10 and 11. 
RULE 13 : PROCEDURES FOR WAIVERS  
(a) AUTHORITY FOR WAIVERS: The Com-
mittee is authorized to grant a waiver under the following provisions of the Standing Rules of the Senate: 
(1) Section 101(h) of the Ethics in Govern-
ment Act of 1978, as amended (Rule XXXIV), relating to the filing of financial disclosure 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:07 Feb 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24FE6.046 S24FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1070 February 24, 2015 
reports by individuals who are expected to 
perform or who have performed the duties of their offices or positions for less than one hundred and thirty days in a calendar year; 
(2) Section 102(a)(2)(D) of the Ethics in 
Government Act, as amended (Rule XXXIV), relating to the reporting of gifts; 
(3) Paragraph 1 of Rule XXXV relating to 
acceptance of gifts; or 
(4) Paragraph 5 of Rule XLI relating to ap-
plicability of any of the provisions of the Code of Official Conduct to an employee of the Senate hired on a per diem basis. 
(b) REQUESTS FOR WAIVERS: A request 
for a waiver under paragraph (a) must be di-rected to the Chairman or Vice Chairman in writing and must specify the nature of the waiver being sought and explain in detail the facts alleged to justify a waiver. In the case of a request submitted by an employee, the views of his or her supervisor (as determined under paragraph 12 of Rule XXXVII of the Standing Rules of the Senate) should be in-cluded with the waiver request. 
(c) RULING: The Committee shall rule on 
a waiver request by recorded vote with a ma-jority of those voting affirming the decision. With respect to an individual’s request for a waiver in connection with the acceptance or reporting the value of gifts on the occasion of the individual’s marriage, the Chairman and the Vice Chairman, acting jointly, may rule on the waiver. 
(d) AVAILABILITY OF WAIVER DETER-
MINATIONS: A brief description of any waiver granted by the Committee, with ap-propriate deletions to ensure confidentiality, shall be made available for review upon re-quest in the Committee office. Waivers granted by the Committee pursuant to the Ethics in Government Act of 1978, as amend-ed, may only be granted pursuant to a pub-licly available request as required by the Act. 
RULE 14 : DEFINITION OF ‘‘OFFICER OR  
EMPLOYEE ’’ 
(a) As used in the applicable resolutions 
and in these rules and procedures, the term ‘‘officer or employee of the Senate’’ means: 
(1) An elected officer of the Senate who is 
not a Member of the Senate; 
(2) An employee of the Senate, any com-
mittee or subcommittee of the Senate, or any Member of the Senate; 
(3) The Legislative Counsel of the Senate 
or any employee of his office; 
(4) An Official Reporter of Debates of the 
Senate and any person employed by the Offi-cial Reporters of Debates of the Senate in connection with the performance of their of-ficial duties; 
(5) A member of the Capitol Police force 
whose compensation is disbursed by the Sec-retary of the Senate; 
(6) An employee of the Vice President, if 
such employee’s compensation is disbursed by the Secretary of the Senate; 
(7) An employee of a joint committee of 
the Congress whose compensation is dis-bursed by the Secretary of the Senate; 
(8) An officer or employee of any depart-
ment or agency of the Federal Government whose services are being utilized on a full- time and continuing basis by a Member, offi-cer, employee, or committee of the Senate in accordance with Rule XLI(3) of the Standing Rules of the Senate; and 
(9) Any other individual whose full-time 
services are utilized for more than ninety 
days in a calendar year by a Member, officer, employee, or committee of the Senate in the conduct of official duties in accordance with Rule XLI(4) of the Standing Rules of the Senate. 
RULE 15 : COMMITTEE STAFF  
(a) COMMITTEE POLICY: 
(1) The staff is to be assembled and re-
tained as a permanent, professional, non-partisan staff. (2) Each member of the staff shall be pro-
fessional and demonstrably qualified for the position for which he or she is hired. 
(3) The staff as a whole and each member 
of the staff shall perform all official duties in a nonpartisan manner. 
(4) No member of the staff shall engage in 
any partisan political activity directly af-fecting any congressional or presidential election. 
(5) No member of the staff or outside coun-
sel may accept public speaking engagements or write for publication on any subject that is in any way related to his or her employ-ment or duties with the Committee without specific advance permission from the Chair-man and Vice Chairman. 
(6) No member of the staff may make pub-
lic, without Committee approval, any Com-mittee Sensitive or classified information, documents, or other material obtained dur-ing the course of his or her employment with the Committee. 
(b) APPOINTMENT OF STAFF: (1) The appointment of all staff members 
shall be approved by the Chairman and Vice Chairman, acting jointly. 
(2) The Committee may determine by ma-
jority vote that it is necessary to retain staff members, including a staff recommended by a special counsel, for the purpose of a par-ticular preliminary inquiry, adjudicatory re-view, or other proceeding. Such staff shall be retained only for the duration of that par-ticular undertaking. 
(3) The Committee is authorized to retain 
and compensate counsel not employed by the Senate (or by any department or agency of the Executive Branch of the Government) whenever the Committee determines that the retention of outside counsel is necessary or appropriate for any action regarding any complaint or allegation, preliminary in-quiry, adjudicatory review, or other pro-ceeding, which in the determination of the Committee, is more appropriately conducted by counsel not employed by the Government of the United States as a regular employee. The Committee shall retain and compensate outside counsel to conduct any adjudicatory review undertaken after a preliminary in-quiry, unless the Committee determines that the use of outside counsel is not appropriate in the particular case. 
(c) DISMISSAL OF STAFF: A staff mem-
ber may not be removed for partisan, polit-ical reasons, or merely as a consequence of the rotation of the Committee membership. The Chairman and Vice Chairman, acting jointly, shall approve the dismissal of any staff member. 
(d) STAFF WORKS FOR COMMITTEE AS 
WHOLE: All staff employed by the Com-mittee or housed in Committee offices shall work for the Committee as a whole, under the general direction of the Chairman and Vice Chairman, and the immediate direction of the staff director or outside counsel. 
(e) NOTICE OF SUMMONS TO TESTIFY: 
Each member of the Committee staff or out-side counsel shall immediately notify the Committee in the event that he or she is called upon by a properly constituted au-thority to testify or provide confidential in-formation obtained as a result of and during his or her employment with the Committee. 
RULE 16 : CHANGES IN SUPPLEMENTARY  
PROCEDURAL RULES  
(a) ADOPTION OF CHANGES IN SUPPLE-
MENTARY RULES: The Rules of the Com-mittee, other than rules established by stat-ute, or by the Standing Rules and Standing Orders of the Senate, may be modified, amended, or suspended at any time, pursuant to a recorded vote of not less than four mem-bers of the full Committee taken at a meet-ing called with due notice when prior written notice of the proposed change has been pro-
vided each member of the Committee. 
(b) PUBLICATION: Any amendments 
adopted to the Rules of this Committee shall be published in the Congressional Record in accordance with Rule XXVI(2) of the Stand-ing Rules of the Senate. 
SELECT COMMITTEE ON ETHICS 
PART III —SUBJECT MATTER JURISDICTION  
Following are sources of the subject mat-
ter jurisdiction of the Select Committee: 
(a) The Senate Code of Official Conduct ap-
proved by the Senate in Title I of S. Res. 110, 95th Congress, April 1, 1977, as amended, and stated in Rules 34 through 43 of the Standing Rules of the Senate; 
(b) Senate Resolution 338, 88th Congress, as 
amended, which states, among others, the duties to receive complaints and investigate allegations of improper conduct which may reflect on the Senate, violations of law, vio-lations of the Senate Code of Official Con-duct and violations of rules and regulations of the Senate; recommend disciplinary ac-tion; and recommend additional Senate Rules or regulations to insure proper stand-ards of conduct; 
(c) Residual portions of Standing Rules 41, 
42, 43 and 44 of the Senate as they existed on the day prior to the amendments made by Title I of S. Res. 110; 
(d) Public Law 93–191 relating to the use of 
the mail franking privilege by Senators, offi-cers of the Senate; and surviving spouses of Senators; 
(e) Senate Resolution 400, 94th Congress, 
Section 8, relating to unauthorized disclo-sure of classified intelligence information in the possession of the Select Committee on Intelligence; 
(f) Public Law 95–105, Section 515, relating 
to the receipt and disposition of foreign gifts and decorations received by Senate mem-bers, officers and employees and their spouses or dependents; 
(g) Preamble to Senate Resolution 266, 90th 
Congress, 2d Session, March 22, 1968; and 
(h) The Code of Ethics for Government 
Service, H. Con. Res. 175, 85th Congress, 2d Session, July 11, 1958 (72 Stat. B12). Except that S. Res. 338, as amended by Section 202 of S. Res. 110 (April 2, 1977), and as amended by Section 3 of S. Res. 222 (1999), provides: 
(g) Notwithstanding any other provision of 
this section, no adjudicatory review shall be initiated of any alleged violation of any law, the Senate Code of Official Conduct, rule, or regulation which was not in effect at the time the alleged violation occurred. No pro-visions of the Senate Code of Official Con-duct shall apply to or require disclosure of any act, relationship, or transaction which occurred prior to the effective date of the ap-plicable provision of the Code. The Select Committee may initiate an adjudicatory re-view of any alleged violation of a rule or law which was in effect prior to the enactment of the Senate Code of Official Conduct if the al-leged violation occurred while such rule or law was in effect and the violation was not a matter resolved on the merits by the prede-cessor Select Committee. 
APPENDIX A—OPEN AND CLOSED 
MEETINGS 
Paragraphs 5 (b) to (d) of Rule XXVI of the 
Standing Rules of the Senate reads as fol-lows: 
(b) Each meeting of a standing, select, or 
special committee of the Senate, or any sub-committee thereof, including meetings to conduct hearings, shall be open to the public, except that a meeting or series of meetings by a committee or a subcommittee thereof on the same subject for a period of no more than fourteen calendar days may be closed to the public on a motion made and seconded to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:07 Feb 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24FE6.047 S24FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1071 February 24, 2015 
go into closed session to discuss only wheth-
er the matters enumerated in classes (1) through (6) would require the meeting to be closed followed immediately by a record vote in open session by a majority of the members of the committee or subcommittee when it is determined that the matters to be discussed or the testimony to be taken at such meet-ing or meetings— 
(1) will disclose matters necessary to be 
kept secret in the interests of national de-fense or the confidential conduct of the for-eign relations of the United States; 
(2) will relate solely to matters of com-
mittee staff personnel or internal staff man-agement or procedure; 
(3) will tend to charge an individual with 
crime or misconduct, to disgrace or injure the professional standing of an individual, or otherwise to expose an individual to public contempt or obloquy, or will represent a clearly unwarranted invasion of the privacy of an individual; 
(4) will disclose the identity of any in-
former or law enforcement agent or will dis-close any information relating to the inves-tigation or prosecution of a criminal offense that is required to be kept secret in the in-terests of effective law enforcement; 
(5) will disclose information relating to the 
trade secrets or financial or commercial in-formation pertaining specifically to a given person if— 
(A) an Act of Congress requires the infor-
mation to be kept confidential by Govern-ment officers and employees; or 
(B) the information has been obtained by 
the Government on a confidential basis, other than through an application by such person for a specific Government financial or other benefit, and is required to be kept se-cret in order to prevent undue injury to the competitive position of such person; or 
(6) may divulge matters required to be 
kept confidential under other provisions of law or Government regulations. 
(c) Whenever any hearing conducted by 
any such committee or subcommittee is open to the public, that hearing may be broadcast by radio or television, or both, under such rules as the committee or sub-committee may adopt. 
(d) Whenever disorder arises during a com-
mittee meeting that is open to the public, or any demonstration of approval or dis-approval is indulged in by any person in at-tendance at any such meeting, it shall be the duty of the Chair to enforce order on his own initiative and without any point of order being made by a Senator. When the Chair finds it necessary to maintain order, he shall have the power to clear the room, and the committee may act in closed session for so long as there is doubt of the assurance of order. 
APPENDIX B—‘‘SUPERVISORS’’ DEFINED 
Paragraph 12 of Rule XXXVII of the Stand-
ing Rules of the Senate reads as follows: 
For purposes of this rule— (a) a Senator or the Vice President is the 
supervisor of his administrative, clerical, or other assistants; 
(b) a Senator who is the chairman of a 
committee is the supervisor of the profes-sional, clerical, or other assistants to the committee except that minority staff mem-bers shall be under the supervision of the ranking minority Senator on the committee; 
(c) a Senator who is a chairman of a sub-
committee which has its own staff and finan-cial authorization is the supervisor of the professional, clerical, or other assistants to the subcommittee except that minority staff members shall be under the supervision of the ranking minority Senator on the sub-committee; 
(d) the President pro tempore is the super-
visor of the Secretary of the Senate, Ser-geant at Arms and Doorkeeper, the Chaplain, 
the Legislative Counsel, and the employees of the Office of the Legislative Counsel; 
(e) the Secretary of the Senate is the su-
pervisor of the employees of his office; 
(f) the Sergeant at Arms and Doorkeeper is 
the supervisor of the employees of his office; 
(g) the Majority and Minority Leaders and 
the Majority and Minority Whips are the su-pervisors of the research, clerical, and other assistants assigned to their respective of-fices; 
(h) the Majority Leader is the supervisor of 
the Secretary for the Majority and the Sec-retary for the Majority is the supervisor of the employees of his office; and 
(i) the Minority Leader is the supervisor of 
the Secretary for the Minority and the Sec-retary for the Minority is the supervisor of the employees of his office. 
f 
THANKING SENATOR BILL NELSON 
FOR HIS SUPPORT OF THE COM-PREHENSIVE ADDICTION AND RECOVERY ACT OF 2014 
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, 
today I wish to thank my friend Sen-ator B
ILLNELSON for his support of the 
Comprehensive Addiction and Recov-ery Act of 2014, S. 2839, which I intro-duced with Senators P
ORTMAN , KLO-
BUCHAR , A YOTTE , and L EAHY in the 
113th Congress. Senator N ELSON asked 
to be added as a cosponsor of the legis-lation in October, but his name was not recorded appropriately. I regret the oversight and wish to recognize Sen-ator N
ELSON for his ongoing commit-
ment to this important cause. I look forward to working together to address the Nation’s opiate epidemic in the 114th Congress. 
f 
BAHRAIN 
Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, this 
month marks another important anni-versary for many Bahrainis. Four years ago, more than a 100,000 people took to the streets of Manama, camping out at Pearl Roundabout and peacefully pro-testing their lack of access to Bah-rain’s political system and their gov-ernment’s abuse of basic human rights. Bahrain’s rulers responded to these calls for reform as authoritarian re-gimes so often do: with force. In the years since, an estimated 3,000 Bah-rainis have been arrested, more than 150 protestors have been killed and more than 100 people have had their citizenship revoked. Indeed, the Bah-raini regime continues to go to great lengths to stifle peaceful protest and quell any dissent by closing down media outlets and filling up already overcrowded prisons with political pris-oners and human rights defenders. While many Bahrainis feel their strug-gle has been forgotten by the world, I want them to know that it will not go unremembered or unmarked here in the U.S. Senate. 
The regime continues to go to great 
lengths to convince the world that it is making progress but I am sad to report that I cannot share that conclusion. Not while the regime refuses to permit a visit by Juan Mendez, the U.N.’s top torture investigator. Not while opposi-
tion leaders sit in Bahraini jails. And not while the State Department’s last Human Rights Report lists abuses that include ‘‘restrictions on civil lib-erties,’’ ‘‘arbitrary deprivation of life,’’ and ‘‘arrest and detention of protesters on vague charges, in some cases lead-ing to their torture in detention.’’ 
Four years after the peaceful pro-
tests began, Bahrain’s rulers continue to commit human rights violations while taking only superficial steps to-ward a meaningful political solution. As a result, several attempts to con-clude a national dialogue among Bah-rain’s interests and parties have only 
resulted in stalemate. Unsurprisingly, the regime cracked down on the largest political opposition bloc in the lead-up to the November 2014 elections, result-ing in a large-scale boycott of the elec-tion by voters. The regime arrested a senior opposition leader 1 month later, an action that the State Department warned ‘‘will only inflame tensions’’ and further dampen potential for a re-newed political dialogue. The regime responded not by releasing that leader, but by doubling down and moving to criminalize the political party he leads. 
On this somber anniversary, I want 
to take the occasion to urge the Bah-raini regime to implement true and meaningful reforms, to cease the use of violence and repression against peace-ful protesters, and to engage in cred-ible dialogue about the future of Bah-rain. To be clear, my aim is not to dic-tate to Bahrain’s rulers what their gov-ernment ought to look like; indeed, those decisions can only be made by the people of Bahrain. But Bahrain has long been an ally of the United States, and I believe this country has an obli-gation to hold friends to a higher standard. 
To those who will say that human 
rights abuses are bad but that stability and cooperation in the region must come before such concerns, I say that you are offering a false choice. I worry there will come a day when peaceful protesters, seeing no hope for redress, ask themselves if they, too, should not resort to violence. Indeed, the prospect of further violence and instability—or full-blown civil war—could have a pro-found impact on regional security and on the thousands of United States mili-tary personnel stationed in Bahrain. That is why I will continue coming down to this floor on this sad anniver-sary and keep using my voice in this body to raise awareness of this impor-tant issue. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO ALYCIA FARRELL 
Mr. COCHRAN. Mr. President, it is 
sometimes said that the work of the staff is little noticed until something goes wrong. Today, I wish to make comments about a member of the staff of the Appropriations Committee for a different reason: the outstanding record of service to the Senate and the Nation by Alycia Farrell. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:07 Feb 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24FE6.049 S24FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1072 February 24, 2015 
Alycia came to Washington, DC, to 
study at the Elliott School of Inter-national Affairs at the George Wash-ington University. She joined the Sen-ate Committee on Appropriations under the late chairman, Ted Stevens, in 2001. A year later, she was promoted to a professional staff member for the Subcommittee on Military Construc-tion and in 2003 moved to the Sub-committee on Defense. 
Alycia’s responsibilities on the Sub-
committee on Defense for the last 12 years have been varied and complex. Her areas of expertise have included oversight of military health programs, where she has been instrumental in pushing for reforms to better serve the men and women in uniform and their families. She has tackled the most im-portant issues in military health care over the last decade, including increas-ing funding for traumatic brain injury, suicide prevention, and implementing electronic health record systems for our veterans. 
She has also excelled in oversight of 
missile defense programs, where Alycia has been a key voice in promoting the defense of our country while also call-ing for accountability in these techno-logically complex and expensive pro-grams. She is a notable expert in the cooperative programs between the United States and Israel, where Alycia has played a key part in obtaining funding for programs such as Iron Dome, which have helped protect a key American ally from harm. 
But no description of Alycia’s con-
tributions to the Senate are complete without mentioning what she has brought to the people who have worked with her for the last decade and a half. She is a bundle of cheerful energy who takes great enthusiasm in everything she does. This is especially true in her love of the outdoors and commitment to hockey. 
Alycia Farrell is soon to depart the 
Senate for new challenges. Raised in Alaska, she has heard the call of the northern climate from her youth and will soon move to Alberta, Canada, where she will establish a new life with her fiance ´. 
I send Alycia Farrell my heartfelt 
gratitude for outstanding service to the Senate, and I wish her all the very best on her future endeavors. 
f 
CONGRATULATING JANET 
MURNAGHAN 
Mr. TOOMEY. Today I wish to honor 
Delaware County’s Janet Murnaghan, who will be receiving the Women of Achievement Award from the Delaware County Women’s Commission on March 11. Mrs. Murnaghan was chosen as an awardee for representing women of Delaware County in an extraordinary way, specifically by displaying incred-ible thoughtfulness, persistence and passion in caring for her daughter, Sarah. 
It was my privilege to nominate 
Janet for this accolade in celebration of Women’s History Month. Janet, her 
husband, Fran, and I first met 2 years ago at the Children’s Hospital of Phila-delphia. Their daughter was battling cystic fibrosis and was in dire need of new lungs to save her young life. Though their daughter, Sarah, would have likely ranked near the top of the donor list for a new lung because of her medical need, a Federal policy pre-vented children under the age of 12 from being considered for mature lungs until all adult candidates in the region were ruled out. Sarah faced long odds at receiving a lifesaving transplant due to the short supply of pediatric donors. This obstacle would not stop Janet and the Murnaghan family. Sarah’s mother took the fight to social media, to na-tional TV and eventually directly to then Health and Human Services Sec-retary Kathleen Sebelius. Janet argued that children under age 12 should be considered for adult lung transplants using the same criteria as adults as long as doctors demonstrated the oper-ation’s viability. 
The Murnaghan family was eventu-
ally forced to pursue legal action to prevent Secretary Sebelius from en-forcing the under-12 rule. Even in the most difficult moments, Mrs. Murnaghan remained levelheaded and resilient. Her determination was re-warded as a Federal judge issued a tem-porary restraining order, allowing young Sarah to receive the lifesaving transplant. While the first set of lungs failed due to their poor quality, the second set was perfect. Sarah is now breathing on her own, bike riding with her siblings, and has already returned to school. 
Janet and Sarah could not declare 
victory just yet. Though there was suc-cess in Sarah’s specific case, the rule preventing children from receiving adult lungs was still in place. Last summer, thanks to Janet Murnaghan and other advocates, the transplant network permanently revised the under-12 policy. Without Janet taking a leadership role on behalf of her daughter and children across the Na-tion, this policy might not have been changed. She has certainly set herself apart as a woman of achievement. 
On behalf of the Senate, I wish to ex-
tend my compliments to my friend, Janet Murnaghan, as she receives this much-deserved, prestigious award. 
f 
DISCHARGE PETITION—S.J. RES. 8 
We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-
ance with chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, hereby direct that the Senate Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor and Pen-sions be discharged from further consider-ation of S.J. Res. 8, a resolution providing for congressional disapproval of a rule under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by the National Labor Relations Board relating to representation case procedures; and further, that the resolu-tion be immediately placed upon the Legisla-tive Calendar under General Orders. 
Lamar Alexander, Tim Scott, Susan M. 
Collins, Bill Cassidy, Mike Lee, David Vitter, Mitch McConnell, James 
Lankford, James E. Risch, John Bar-rasso, John Boozman, Michael B. Enzi, Johnny Isakson, Thad Cochran, Mike Rounds, Joni Ernst, James M. Inhofe, John McCain, Jeff Sessions, Steve Daines, Tom Cotton, Thom Tillis, Marco Rubio, Mike Crapo, Patrick J. Toomey, Ben Sasse, Orrin G. Hatch, John Cornyn, Chuck Grassley, Ron Johnson, Kelly Ayotte, Rand Paul, Pat Roberts, Richard Burr, Roy Blunt, Roger F. Wicker, Mark Kirk, Ted Cruz, Jeff Flake. 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
CONGRATULATING ALAN ARKATOV 
∑Mrs. BOXER. Mr. President, I would 
like to take this opportunity to recog-nize Alan Arkatov as he celebrates his recent appointment as the Katzman/ Ernst chair in educational entrepre-neurship, technology and innovation at the University of Southern California’s Rossier School of Education. 
Alan has long been an innovative 
leader in the field of education. His re-markable career has included roles as the founder and chairman of OnlineLearning.net, CEO of the Teach-ing Channel, president of Changing.edu, and a creator and execu-tive vice president of 2U, the tech-nology company that pioneered USC Rossier’s online master of arts in teaching program. He has also served as a member of the California State Board of Education, California Postsec-ondary Education Commission, Los An-geles Commission for Children, Youth and Their Families, and the Los Ange-les Information Technology Agency. 
A man of many talents, Alan is also 
a skilled communications and public relations expert and has served as a strategist for academic institutions, nonprofits, governments, corporations, and political campaigns. 
In announcing Alan’s appointment, 
USC Rossier Dean Karen Symms Galla-gher said, ‘‘With his broad and unique experience in education, communica-tions, public policy and the arts, he is someone who can make important projects, programs and initiatives a re-ality at Rossier and USC.’’ 
I have known Alan for many years 
and have had the opportunity to see his immense talents and his passion for education. I congratulate him on his recent appointment at USC’s Rossier School of Education and wish him the very best as he writes this next excit-ing chapter in his extraordinary ca-reer. ∑ 
f 
REMEMBERING DOMINGO ENRIQUE 
MOREL SENIOR 
∑Mr. MENENDEZ. Mr. President, I 
wish to extend my most sincere condo-lences on the passing of Domingo Enrique Morel Senior. Domingo was a pillar of the community during his time in my hometown of Union City, NJ, and he will be deeply missed. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:07 Feb 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24FE6.013 S24FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1073 February 24, 2015 
As the saying goes, all politics is 
local. The foundations of our demo-cratic system do not lie in the Halls of the Capitol but in the neighborhoods and cities spread across our great coun-try. The critical progress we must make as a nation only occurs when groups of dedicated citizens selflessly contribute their time and efforts to-ward improving the lives of their fami-lies and communities. Domingo was one of these committed citizens. 
As a resident of Union City, Domingo 
chose to give back to his neighbors through the political process. He spent many hours organizing neighborhoods and people in support of issues he be-lieved would make his city and State a better place for people to live and work. Domingo did the hard, behind- the-scenes job of organizing commu-nities at the grassroots level. I am eternally grateful for the effort Do-mingo gave on my behalf; it is because of his loyal public service that I am able to do my work on behalf of the citizens of New Jersey today. 
My thoughts and prayers are with 
Domingo’s family at this difficult time. I am proud to have called Do-mingo a friend. Though he may have passed, the goodness he brought to the world remains and will never be forgot-ten. ∑ 
f 
REPORT OF THE VETO OF S. 1, 
THE KEYSTONE XL PIPELINE AP-PROVAL ACT—PM 6 
The PRESIDING OFFICER laid be-
fore the Senate the following message from the President of the United States; which was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , spread in full upon the 
Journal, and held at the desk: 
To the Senate of the United States: 
I am returning herewith without my 
approval S. 1, the ‘‘Keystone XL Pipe-line Approval Act.’’ Through this bill, the United States Congress attempts to circumvent longstanding and proven processes for determining whether or not building and operating a cross-bor-der pipeline serves the national inter-est. 
The Presidential power to veto legis-
lation is one I take seriously. But I also take seriously my responsibility to the American people. And because this act of Congress conflicts with es-tablished executive branch procedures and cuts short thorough consideration of issues that could bear on our na-tional interest—including our security, safety, and environment—it has earned my veto. 
B
ARACK OBAMA .
THEWHITE HOUSE , February 24, 2015. 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE 
RECEIVED DURING ADJOURNMENT 
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED  
Under the order of the Senate of Jan-
uary 6, 2015, the Secretary of the Sen-ate, on February 13, 2015, during the ad-journment of the Senate, received a message from the House of Representa-
tives announcing that the Speaker has signed the following enrolled bill: 
S. 1. An act to approve the Keystone XL 
Pipeline. 
Under the authority of the order of 
the Senate of January 6, 2015, the en-rolled bill was signed on February 12, 2015, during the adjournment of the Senate, by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
MEASURES REFERRED 
The following bill was read the first 
and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 719. An act to require the Transpor-
tation Security Administration to conform to existing Federal law and regulations re-garding criminal investigator positions, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
f 
MEASURES PLACED ON THE 
CALENDAR 
The following bills were read the sec-
ond time, and placed on the calendar: 
S. 534. A bill to prohibit funds from being 
used to carry out certain Executive actions related to immigration and for other pur-poses. 
S. 535. A bill to promote energy efficiency. 
f 
ENROLLED BILL PRESENTED 
The Secretary of the Senate reported 
that on today, February 24, 2015, she had presented to the President of the United States the following enrolled bill: 
S. 1. An act to approve the Keystone XL 
Pipeline. 
f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER 
COMMUNICATIONS 
The following communications were 
laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–644. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Pyrimethanil; Pesticide Tolerances’’ (FRL No. 9922–07) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 11, 2015; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nu-trition, and Forestry. 
EC–645. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Pendimethalin; Pesticide Toler-ances’’ (FRL No. 9921–89) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Feb-ruary 11, 2015; to the Committee on Agri-culture, Nutrition, and Forestry. 
EC–646. A communication from the Assist-
ant Director, Senior Executive Management Office, Department of Defense, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a va-cancy in the position of Secretary of De-fense, Department of Defense, received in the Office of the President of the Senate on Feb-ruary 10, 2015; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
EC–647. A communication from the Assist-
ant Director, Senior Executive Management Office, Department of Defense, transmitting, 
pursuant to law, a report relative to a va-cancy in the position of Assistant Secretary of Defense (Reserve Affairs), Department of Defense, received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on February 10, 2015; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
EC–648. A communication from the Assist-
ant Director, Senior Executive Management Office, Department of Defense, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a va-cancy in the position of Assistant Secretary of Defense (Operational Energy, Plans and Programs), Department of Defense, received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 10, 2015; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
EC–649. A communication from the Assist-
ant Director, Senior Executive Management Office, Department of Defense, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a va-cancy in the position of Assistant Secretary of Defense (Legislative Affairs), Department of Defense, received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 10, 2015; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
EC–650. A communication from the Assist-
ant Director, Senior Executive Management Office, Department of Defense, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a va-cancy in the position of Assistant Secretary of Defense (Readiness and Force Manage-ment), Department of Defense, received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 10, 2015; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
EC–651. A communication from the Acting 
Chief Financial Officer, Department of Edu-cation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Department’s fiscal year 2012 and fiscal year 2013 FAIR Act Commercial and Inherently Governmental Activities Inventory; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. 
EC–652. A communication from the Chief of 
the Publications and Regulations Branch, In-ternal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Section 501(c)(29) Organization Application Procedures’’ (Rev. Proc. 2015–17) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 9, 2015; to the Committee on Finance. 
EC–653. A communication from the Chief of 
the Trade and Commercial Regulations Branch, Customs and Border Protection, De-partment of Homeland Security, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘United States-Australia Free Trade Agreement’’ (RIN1515–AD59) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on Feb-ruary 10, 2015; to the Committee on Finance. 
EC–654. A communication from the Chief of 
the Publications and Regulations Branch, In-ternal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Gracia v. Commis-sioner, T.C. Memo 2004–147’’ (AOD 2015–01) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 9, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Finance. 
EC–655. A communication from the Chief of 
the Publications and Regulations Branch, In-ternal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Estate of Martinez v. Commissioner, T.C. Memo 2004–150’’ (AOD 
2015–01) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on February 9, 2015; to the Committee on Finance. 
EC–656. A communication from the Chief of 
the Publications and Regulations Branch, In-ternal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Price v. Commis-sioner, T.C. Memo 2004–149’’ (AOD 2015–01) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 9, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Finance. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:07 Feb 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24FE6.018 S24FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1074 February 24, 2015 
EC–657. A communication from the Chief of 
the Publications and Regulations Branch, In-ternal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Mirarchi v. Com-missioner, T.C. Memo 2004–148’’ (AOD 2015–01) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 9, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Finance. 
EC–658. A communication from the Chief of 
the Publications and Regulations Branch, In-ternal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Qualified Zone Academy Bond Allocations for 2014’’ (Notice 2015–11) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on February 9, 2015; to the Committee on Finance. 
EC–659. A communication from the Chief of 
the Publications and Regulations Branch, In-ternal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘New Clean Renew-able Energy Bonds’’ (Notice 2015–12) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 9, 2015; to the Committee on Fi-nance. 
EC–660. A communication from the Chief of 
the Publications and Regulations Branch, In-ternal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Annual Price Infla-tion Adjustments for Passenger Automobiles First Placed in Service or Leased in 2015’’ (Notice 2015–19) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 9, 2015; to the Committee on Finance. 
EC–661. A communication from the Chief of 
the Publications and Regulations Branch, In-ternal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Relief for Certain Participants in Section 414(d) Governmental Plans’’ (Notice 2015–07) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 9, 2015; to the Committee on Finance. 
EC–662. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Amendments Related to: Tier 3 Motor Vehicle Emission and Fuel Standards, Nonroad Engine and Equipment Programs and MARPOL Annex VI Implementation’’ ((RIN2060–AS36) (FRL No. 9922–31–OAR)) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 11, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–663. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Pennsyl-vania; Redesignation of the Harrisburg-Leb-anon-Carlisle-York Nonattainment Areas to Attainment for the 1997 Annual and the 2006 24-Hour Fine Particulate Matter Standard; Correction’’ (FRL No. 9922–32–Region 3) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 11, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–664. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; West Vir-ginia’s Redesignation Request and Associ-ated Maintenance Plan of the West Virginia Portion of the Martinsburg-Hagerstown, WV–MD Nonattainment Area for the 1997 An-nual Fine Particulate Matter Standard; Cor-rection’’ (FRL No. 9921–31–Region 3) received 
in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 11, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–665. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-
ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Imple-mentation Plans; American Samoa’’ (FRL No. 9922–86–Region 9) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 11, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–666. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Imple-mentation Plans; Guam’’ (FRL No. 9923–01– Region 9) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on February 11, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–667. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Imple-mentation Plans; North Dakota; Regional Haze State Implementation Plan; Federal Implementation Plan for Interstate Trans-port of Pollution Affection Visibility and Re-gional Haze; Reconsideration’’ (FRL No. 9922–80–OAR) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 11, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Pub-lic Works. 
EC–668. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Partial Approval and Partial Dis-approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Wyoming; Revisions to Wyoming Air Quality Standards and Reg-ulations; Nonattainment Permitting Re-quirements and Chapter 3, General Emission Standards’’ (FRL No. 9922–24–Region 8) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 11, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–669. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Revisions to the California State Im-plementation Plan, San Joaquin Valley Uni-fied Air Pollution Control District’’ (FRL No. 9921–51–Region 9) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 11, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–670. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘HAZARDOUS AND SOLID WASTE MANAGEMENT SYSTEM; DISPOSAL OF COAL COMBUSTION RESIDUALS FROM ELECTRIC UTILITIES’’ ((RIN2050–AE81) (FRL No. 9919–44–OSWER)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on Feb-ruary 11, 2015; to the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works. 
EC–671. A communication from the Deputy 
Director, Administration for Aging, Depart-ment of Health and Human Services, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘State Long Term Care Ombudsman Program’’ (RIN0985–AA08) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Feb-ruary 11, 2015; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
EC–672. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to Technical Collection for the New START Treaty (OSS–2015–0137); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
EC–673. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act (DDTC 13–114); to 
the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
EC–674. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act (DDTC 14–152); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES 
The following reports of committees 
were submitted: 
By Mr. SHELBY, from the Committee on 
Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs, with-out amendment: 
S. 527. A bill to award a Congressional Gold 
Medal to the Foot Soldiers who participated in Bloody Sunday, Turnaround Tuesday, or in the final Selma to Montgomery Voting Rights March in March of 1965, which served as a catalyst for the Voting Rights Act of 1965. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND 
JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
The following bills and joint resolu-
tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. UDALL (for himself and Ms. 
MURKOWSKI ): 
S. 536. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to exclude from gross in-come payments under the Indian Health Service Loan Repayment Program and cer-tain amounts received under the Indian Health Professions Scholarship Program; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. CARPER (for himself and Mr. 
T
OOMEY ): 
S. 537. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to increase and make per-manent the alternative simplified research credit, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Finance. 
By Mr. CRAPO (for himself and Mr. 
R
ISCH): 
S. 538. A bill to amend title 23, United 
States Code, with respect to the operation of longer combination vehicles on the Inter-state System in the State of Idaho, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works. 
By Mr. CARDIN (for himself and Ms. 
C
OLLINS ): 
S. 539. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to repeal the Medicare outpatient rehabilitation therapy caps; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Ms. COLLINS (for herself and Ms. 
H
EITKAMP ): 
S. 540. A bill to amend the Richard B. Rus-
sell National School Lunch Act to require the Secretary of Agriculture to make loan guarantees and grants to finance certain im-provements to school lunch facilities, to train school food service personnel, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agri-culture, Nutrition, and Forestry. 
By Mr. BROWN: 
S. 541. A bill to direct the Secretary of the 
Interior to conduct a special resource study to determine the suitability and feasibility of establishing the John P. Parker House in Ripley, Ohio, as a unit of the National Park System; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
By Mr. COATS: 
S. 542. A bill to enhance the homeland se-
curity of the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judici-ary. 
By Mr. BOOZMAN (for himself, Mr. 
M
ANCHIN , and Mr. I NHOFE ): 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:07 Feb 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24FE6.005 S24FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1075 February 24, 2015 
S. 543. A bill to amend the Environmental 
Research, Development, and Demonstration Authorization Act of 1978 to provide for Sci-entific Advisory Board member qualifica-tions, public participation, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
By Mr. BARRASSO (for himself, Mr. 
V
ITTER , Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. C RAPO , Mrs. 
FISCHER , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. E NZI, and 
Mr. F LAKE ): 
S. 544. A bill to prohibit the Environmental 
Protection Agency from proposing, final-izing, or disseminating regulations or assess-ments based upon science that is not trans-parent or reproducible; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
By Mr. THUNE: 
S. 545. A bill making continuing appropria-
tions for Coast Guard pay in the event the 
Consolidated and Further Continuing Appro-priations Act of 2015 expires and the Depart-ment of Homeland Security Appropriations Act of 2015 is not enacted; to the Committee on Appropriations. 
By Ms. HEITKAMP (for herself, Mr. 
K
ING, Ms. B ALDWIN , and Mr. S CHU-
MER): 
S. 546. A bill to establish the Railroad 
Emergency Services Preparedness, Oper-ational Needs, and Safety Evaluation (RE-SPONSE) Subcommittee under the Federal Emergency Management Agency’s National Advisory Council to provide recommenda-tions on emergency responder training and resources relating to hazardous materials in-cidents involving railroads, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Se-curity and Governmental Affairs. 
By Mr. MENENDEZ: 
S. 547. A bill to establish a regulatory 
framework for the comprehensive protection of personal data for individuals under the aegis of the Federal Trade Commission, to amend the Children’s Online Privacy Protec-tion Act of 1998 to improve provisions relat-ing to collection, use, and disclosure of per-sonal information of children, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
By Mr. ENZI (for himself and Mr. M
UR-
PHY): 
S. 548. A bill to clarify that funding for the 
Public Company Accounting Oversight Board is not subject to the sequester; to the Com-mittee on the Budget. 
By Mr. ENZI (for himself and Mr. M
UR-
PHY): 
S. 549. A bill to clarify that funding for the 
Securities Investor Protection Corporation is not subject to the sequester; to the Com-mittee on the Budget. 
By Mr. ENZI (for himself and Mr. M
UR-
PHY): 
S. 550. A bill to clarify that funding for the 
standard setting body designated pursuant to section 19(b) of the Securities Act of 1933 is not subject to the sequester; to the Com-mittee on the Budget. 
By Mrs. FEINSTEIN (for herself, Mr. 
W
HITEHOUSE , Mr. S CHUMER , Mr. D UR-
BIN, Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mrs. B OXER , 
Mr. R EED, Mr. M ENENDEZ , Mrs. G ILLI-
BRAND , Mr. M URPHY , Ms. W ARREN , 
and Mr. M ARKEY ): 
S. 551. A bill to increase public safety by 
permitting the Attorney General to deny the transfer of firearms or the issuance of fire-arms and explosives licenses to known or suspected dangerous terrorists; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. RISCH (for himself, Mr. C
ARDIN , 
Ms. A YOTTE , and Mrs. S HAHEEN ): 
S. 552. A bill to amend the Small Business 
Investment Act of 1958 to provide for in-creased limitations on leverage for multiple licenses under common control; to the Com-mittee on Small Business and Entrepreneur-ship. By Mr. CORKER (for himself, Mr. 
M
ENENDEZ , Mr. R UBIO, Mrs. S HAHEEN , 
Ms. A YOTTE , Mr. C OONS , Mr. M CCAIN, 
Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. A LEXANDER , 
Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. K IRK, and Mr. 
CARDIN ): 
S. 553. A bill to marshal resources to un-
dertake a concerted, transformative effort that seeks to bring an end to modern slav-ery, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations. 
By Mr. CARDIN (for himself, Ms. M
I-
KULSKI , Mr. U DALL , Mr. L EAHY , Mrs. 
GILLIBRAND , Mr. K AINE, Mrs. B OXER , 
Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. W ARNER , Mr. 
SANDERS , Mr. C ARPER , Mrs. M URRAY , 
Ms. B ALDWIN , and Ms. H IRONO ): 
S. 554. A bill to provide for the compensa-
tion of Federal employees affected by a lapse in appropriations; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. 
f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND 
SENATE RESOLUTIONS 
The following concurrent resolutions 
and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. BARRASSO (for himself and 
Ms. H EITKAMP ): 
S. Con. Res. 4. A concurrent resolution sup-
porting the Local Radio Freedom Act; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. CARDIN: 
S. Con. Res. 5. A concurrent resolution sup-
porting the goals and ideals of the Inter-national Decade for People of African De-scent; to the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions. 
f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 28 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the 
name of the Senator from Washington (Ms. C
ANTWELL ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 28, a bill to limit the use of cluster munitions. 
S. 71 
At the request of Ms. A YOTTE , her 
name was added as a cosponsor of S. 71, a bill to preserve open competition and Federal Government neutrality to-wards the labor relations of Federal Government contractors on Federal and federally funded construction projects. 
S. 155 
At the request of Mr. M ORAN , the 
name of the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. I
NHOFE ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 155, a bill to promote freedom, fairness, and economic opportunity by repealing the income tax and other taxes, abolishing the Internal Revenue Service, and enacting a national sales tax to be administered primarily by the States. 
S. 166 
At the request of Ms. K LOBUCHAR , the 
name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 166, a bill to stop exploitation through trafficking. 
S. 178 
At the request of Mr. C ORNYN , the 
names of the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO) and the Senator from Con-
necticut (Mr. B LUMENTHAL ) were added as cosponsors of S. 178, a bill to provide 
justice for the victims of trafficking. 
S. 203 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the 
name of the Senator from North Caro-lina (Mr. T
ILLIS ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 203, a bill to restore Americans’ individual liberty by strik-ing the Federal mandate to purchase insurance. 
S. 207 
At the request of Mr. M ORAN , the 
names of the Senator from Iowa (Mr. G
RASSLEY ) and the Senator from Lou-
isiana (Mr. V ITTER ) were added as co-
sponsors of S. 207, a bill to require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to use ex-isting authorities to furnish health care at non-Department of Veterans Affairs facilities to veterans who live more than 40 miles driving distance from the closest medical facility of the Department that furnishes the care sought by the veteran, and for other purposes. 
S. 262 
At the request of Mr. L EAHY , the 
names of the Senator from Maryland (Ms. M
IKULSKI ) and the Senator from 
New Hampshire (Mrs. S HAHEEN ) were 
added as cosponsors of S. 262, a bill to reauthorize the Runaway and Homeless Youth Act, and for other purposes. 
S. 263 
At the request of Mr. C RAPO , the 
name of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. B
OOZMAN ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 263, a bill to protect the right of individuals to bear arms at water re-sources development projects. 
S. 264 
At the request of Mr. P AUL, the name 
of the Senator from Montana (Mr. D
AINES ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
264, a bill to require a full audit of the Board of Governors of the Federal Re-serve System and the Federal reserve banks by the Comptroller General of the United States, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 269 
At the request of Mr. K IRK, the 
names of the Senator from North Caro-lina (Mr. T
ILLIS ) and the Senator from 
Wyoming (Mr. B ARRASSO ) were added 
as cosponsors of S. 269, a bill to expand sanctions imposed with respect to Iran and to impose additional sanctions with respect to Iran, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 275 
At the request of Mr. I SAKSON , the 
name of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. M
ORAN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
275, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for the coverage of home as a site of care for infusion therapy under the Medicare program. 
S. 283 
At the request of Mr. F LAKE , the 
name of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. C
OTTON ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 283, a bill to prohibit the Internal Revenue Service from modifying the standard for determining whether an 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:07 Feb 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24FE6.009 S24FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1076 February 24, 2015 
organization is operated exclusively for 
the promotion of social welfare for pur-poses of section 501(c)(4) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. 
S. 291 
At the request of Mr. I NHOFE , the 
name of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. C
OTTON ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 291, a bill to amend the Immigra-tion and Nationality Act to provide for extensions of detention of certain aliens ordered removed, and for other purposes. 
S. 305 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the 
name of the Senator from North Caro-lina (Mr. T
ILLIS ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 305, a bill to protect American job creation by striking the Federal mandate on employers to offer health insurance. 
S. 313 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the 
name of the Senator from North Da-kota (Ms. H
EITKAMP ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 313, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to add physical therapists to the list of pro-viders allowed to utilize locum tenens arrangements under Medicare. 
S. 338 
At the request of Mr. B URR, the name 
of the Senator from Georgia (Mr. I SAK-
SON) was added as a cosponsor of S. 338, 
a bill to permanently reauthorize the Land and Water Conservation Fund. 
S. 373 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the 
names of the Senator from Alabama (Mr. S
HELBY ), the Senator from Dela-
ware (Mr. C OONS ) and the Senator from 
Louisiana (Mr. C ASSIDY ) were added as 
cosponsors of S. 373, a bill to provide for the establishment of nationally uniform and environmentally sound standards governing discharges inci-dental to the normal operation of a vessel. 
S. 439 
At the request of Mr. F RANKEN , the 
name of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. L
EAHY ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 439, a bill to end discrimination based on actual or perceived sexual ori-entation or gender identity in public schools, and for other purposes. 
S. 441 
At the request of Mr. N ELSON , the 
name of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. C
OTTON ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 441, a bill to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to clar-ify the Food and Drug Administra-tion’s jurisdiction over certain tobacco products, and to protect jobs and small businesses involved in the sale, manu-facturing and distribution of tradi-tional and premium cigars. 
S. 474 
At the request of Mr. T OOMEY , the 
name of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. C
OTTON ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 474, a bill to require State edu-cational agencies that receive funding under the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to have in effect policies and procedures on background 
checks for school employees. 
S. 490 
At the request of Mr. I NHOFE , the 
name of the Senator from Idaho (Mr. R
ISCH) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
490, a bill to achieve domestic energy independence by empowering States to control the development and produc-tion of all forms of energy on all avail-able Federal land. 
S. 491 
At the request of Ms. K LOBUCHAR , the 
name of the Senator from Kentucky (Mr. P
AUL) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 491, a bill to lift the trade embargo on Cuba. 
S. 498 
At the request of Mr. C ORNYN , the 
name of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. T
OOMEY ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 498, a bill to allow reci-procity for the carrying of certain con-cealed firearms. 
S. 505 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the 
name of the Senator from Indiana (Mr. D
ONNELLY ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 505, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to extend the Health Coverage Tax Credit. 
S. 510 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the 
name of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. C
OTTON ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 510, a bill to require Senate con-firmation of Inspector General of the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protec-tion, and for other purposes. 
S. 512 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the 
name of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. H
EINRICH ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 512, a bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to safeguard data stored abroad from improper govern-ment access, and for other purposes. 
S. 517 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the 
name of the Senator from West Vir-ginia (Mrs. C
APITO ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 517, a bill to extend the secure rural schools and community self-determination program, to restore mandatory funding status to the pay-ment in lieu of taxes program, and for other purposes. 
S. 524 
At the request of Mr. W HITEHOUSE , 
the names of the Senator from Florida (Mr. N
ELSON ), the Senator from Massa-
chusetts (Ms. W ARREN ), the Senator 
from Minnesota (Mr. F RANKEN ) and the 
Senator from California (Mrs. F EIN-
STEIN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 
524, a bill to authorize the Attorney General to award grants to address the national epidemics of prescription opioid abuse and heroin use. 
S. 527 
At the request of Mr. S ESSIONS , the 
names of the Senator from Nevada (Mr. H
ELLER ) and the Senator from Ne-
braska (Mrs. F ISCHER ) were added as 
cosponsors of S. 527, a bill to award a Congressional Gold Medal to the Foot Soldiers who participated in Bloody 
Sunday, Turnaround Tuesday, or in the final Selma to Montgomery Voting Rights March in March of 1965, which served as a catalyst for the Voting Rights Act of 1965. 
S. RES. 84 
At the request of Mr. C OCHRAN , the 
names of the Senator from North Caro-lina (Mr. T
ILLIS ) and the Senator from 
Georgia (Mr. P ERDUE ) were added as co-
sponsors of S. Res. 84, a resolution cele-brating Black History Month. 
At the request of Mr. B
OOKER , the 
name of the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. R
EED) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. Res. 84, supra. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED 
BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
By Mr. CARDIN (for himself and 
Ms. C OLLINS ): 
S. 539. A bill to amend title XVIII of 
the Social Security Act to repeal the Medicare outpatient rehabilitation therapy caps; to the Committee on Fi-nance. 
Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I rise in 
support of the Medicare Access to Re-habilitation Services Act, which I am introducing today with my colleague Senator C
OLLINS . This important bill 
repeals the monetary caps that limit Medicare beneficiaries’ access to medi-cally necessary outpatient physical therapy, occupational therapy, and speech-language pathology services. 
Limits on outpatient rehabilitation 
therapy services under Medicare were first imposed in 1997 as part of the Bal-anced Budget Act. The decision to im-pose limits on these services was not based on data, quality-of-care con-cerns, or clinical judgment—its sole purpose was to limit spending in order to balance the federal budget. Since 1997, Congress has acted over 12 times to prevent the implementation of the therapy caps through moratoriums and an exceptions process. While these short-term actions have provided nec-essary relief to our seniors, a long-term solution is essential to bring perma-nent relief and much-needed stability for both patients and providers. 
We need a full repeal of the existing 
caps on physical therapy, occupational therapy, and speech-language pathol-ogy services. These annual financial caps limit services often needed after a stroke, traumatic brain injury, or spi-nal cord injury, or to effectively man-age conditions such as Parkinson’s dis-ease, multiple sclerosis, and arthritis. Arbitrary caps on these vital Medicare outpatient therapy services are simply unacceptable. They also discriminate against the oldest and sickest Medicare beneficiaries, who typically require the most intensive therapy, and disadvan-tage Medicare beneficiaries who live in regions with higher health care costs. 
In a 2009 report issued by the Medi-
care Payment Advisory Committee, MEDPAC, it was estimated that the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:07 Feb 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24FE6.012 S24FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1077 February 24, 2015 
therapy cap, if enforced without an ex-
ceptions process, could negatively im-pact 931,000 Medicare beneficiaries. Ar-bitrarily capping outpatient rehabilita-tion therapy services would likely cause some beneficiaries to delay nec-essary care, force others to assume higher out-of pocket costs, and disrupt the continuum of care for many seniors and individuals with disabilities. 
I urge my colleagues to join me and 
Senator C
OLLINS in supporting the 
Medicare Access to Rehabilitation Services Act to ensure that our seniors have access to the outpatient rehabili-tation therapy services that they need. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the text of 
the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 539 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Medicare 
Access to Rehabilitation Services Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. OUTPATIENT THERAPY CAP REPEAL. 
Section 1833 of the Social Security Act (42 
U.S.C. 1395(l)) is amended by striking sub-section (g). 
By Ms. COLLINS (for herself and 
Ms. H EITKAMP ): 
S. 540. A bill to amend the Richard B. 
Russell National School Lunch Act to require the Secretary of Agriculture to make loan guarantees and grants to fi-nance certain improvements to school lunch facilities, to train school food service personnel, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Agri-culture, Nutrition, and Forestry. 
Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I am 
pleased today to join my friend and colleague from North Dakota, Senator H
EITKAMP , in introducing the School 
Food Modernization Act to assist schools in providing healthier meals to students throughout the country. 
School meals play a vital role in the 
lives of our young people. More than 30 million children participate in the Na-tional School Lunch Program every school day. In Maine, 40 percent of chil-dren qualify for free or reduced-price meals based on household income. 
The food served at schools to these 
children affects their health and well- being. Many children consume up to half their daily caloric intake at school. In fact, children often get their most nutritious meal of the day at school instead of at home. At the same time, too many of our children are at risk of serious disease. One-third of the children in this country are overweight or obese, which increases their risk for heart disease, high blood pressure, Type 2 Diabetes and other chronic dis-eases. These conditions may have a lifelong effect on their health as they grow to adulthood. 
In response to concerns about the 
health of our children, our schools have stepped up to the plate. Nationwide, schools are working diligently to meet 
the new U.S. Department of Agri-culture standards and serve healthier meals. For example, in the New Sweden Consolidated School in Aroostook County, ME, food service manager Melanie Lagasse prepares meals from scratch instead of opening cans or pushing a defrost button. The school’s 64 students, ranging from preschool to eighth grade, have grown to relish the chicken stew, baked fish, and meatloaf that she makes fresh. 
Many schools, however, lack the 
right tools for preparing meals rich in fresh ingredients and must rely on workarounds that are expensive, ineffi-cient, and unsustainable. Schools built decades ago lack the tools and the in-frastructure necessary beyond reheat-ing and holding food for meal service. 
To serve healthier meals to their stu-
dents, 99 percent of Maine school dis-tricts need at least one piece of equip-ment and almost half, 48 percent, of districts need kitchen infrastructure upgrades. The median equipment need per school is $45,000. 
Even more costly would be making 
the required changes to infrastructure. Forty-eight percent of Maine schools need some kind of infrastructure change to serve healthy meals. For ex-ample, 41 percent of schools need more physical space, 22 percent need more electrical capacity, 21 percent need more plumbing capacity, and 19 per-cent need more ventilation. 
Add the equipment costs together 
with the infrastructure costs and it is estimated that overall, $58.8 million would be needed just in Maine to serve healthy meals to all of our students. That far exceeds the $111,000 in grants that the USDA awarded Maine during the last two fiscal years for new equip-ment. 
Our bill authorizes loan guarantee 
assistance and grants for school equip-ment and infrastructure improve-ments, thereby helping food service personnel meet nutrition standards. First, it would establish a loan guar-antee assistance program within USDA to help schools acquire new equipment to prepare and serve healthier, more nutritious meals to students. School administrators and other eligible bor-rowers could obtain Federal guarantees for 80 percent of the loan value needed to construct, remodel, or expand their kitchens, dining, or food storage infra-structure. 
Second, the bill would provide tar-
geted grant assistance to give school administrators and food service direc-tors the seed funding needed to upgrade kitchen infrastructure or to purchase high-quality, durable kitchen equip-ment such as commercial ovens, steamers, and stoves. 
Finally, to aid school food service 
personnel in meeting the nutrition guidelines, the legislation would strengthen training and provide tech-nical assistance by authorizing USDA to provide support on a competitive basis to highly qualified third-party trainers to develop and administer 
training and technical assistance, in-cluding online programs. 
We need to start our school children 
off on the right food every day. If they are going to be able to learn and com-pete, they need to be healthy and their minds and bodies fully nourished. This bill will help us achieve that goal. 
By Mrs. FEINSTEIN (for herself, 
Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mr. S CHUMER , 
Mr. D URBIN , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , 
Mrs. B OXER , Mr. R EED, Mr. 
MENENDEZ , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , 
Mr. M URPHY , Ms. W ARREN , and 
Mr. M ARKEY ): 
S. 551. A bill to increase public safety 
by permitting the Attorney General to deny the transfer of firearms or the issuance of firearms and explosives li-censes to known or suspected dan-gerous terrorists; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Mr. President, I 
rise today to address what I believe is a national security and public safety weakness. 
The United States currently has a 
system in place to keep known or sus-pected terrorists off of airplanes. But even though they can’t fly, these very same terrorists can walk into any gun store anywhere in the country and pur-chase a firearm. 
If a terrorist is too dangerous to 
board an airplane, that same individual is too dangerous to possess a gun. 
That’s why we are introducing the 
Denying Firearms and Explosives to Dangerous Terrorists Act, a bill to fix this glaring loophole in our back-ground check system. 
This is not a hypothetical issue. Individuals with links to terrorism 
regularly purchase guns in the United States. 
According to data just received from 
the Government Accountability Office, between February 2004 and December 2014, there were at least 2,233 cases in which a known or suspected terrorist— individuals who at the time were on federal terrorist watch lists—tried to buy a firearm or obtain a firearm or ex-plosives license or permit. 
In 91 percent of these cases, a total of 
2,043 separate occasions, those known or suspected terrorists successfully passed a background check. 
The Kouachi brothers, the terrorists 
who killed 12 people at Charlie Hebdo in Paris, are reportedly on the U.S. no fly list. 
However, if they had made it to the 
United States, the fact that they were on terrorist watch lists would have done nothing to prevent them from le-gally buying firearms or explosives. 
One of the alleged Boston Marathon 
bombers, Tamerlan Tsarnaev, was re-portedly placed on two terrorist watch lists in 2011. 
He later killed three and injured 170 
with homemade explosives and killed a police officer with a handgun. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:17 Feb 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24FE6.015 S24FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1078 February 24, 2015 
In 2009, Abdulhakim Mujahid Mu-
hammad opened fire at a military re-cruiting station in Little Rock, Arkan-sas. He killed one and critically injured another. 
According to press reports, Muham-
mad had been under investigation by the FBI for suspected links to ter-rorism after traveling to Yemen, where he was arrested for using a Somali passport. Those actions certainly would have placed him on terrorist 
watch lists, but would not have kept him from buying firearms. 
The bill that we are introducing 
today is very simple. 
It would close this dangerous loop-
hole by giving the Attorney General discretion to prevent someone from buying explosives or a gun if that indi-vidual is a known or suspected ter-rorist and may use the firearm in con-nection with terrorism. 
It would also give the Attorney Gen-
eral discretion to prevent someone from obtaining a license to sell guns or explosives if that individual is a known or suspected terrorist and may use the firearm in connection with terrorism. 
The Attorney General could use a 
range of tools to make this decision, most notable terrorist watch lists and the no fly list. 
In addition to making the decision at 
the discretion of the Attorney General, the bill includes other safeguards to make sure innocent individuals are not denied the ability to buy firearms or explosives. 
The first safeguard is that very high 
standards already exist for an indi-vidual to be designated as a known or suspected terrorist. 
The FBI or the National Counterter-
rorism Center must nominate the indi-vidual to be included in the Terrorist Screening Database. 
There must be sufficient identifying 
data about the person to ensure they can be accurately matched with the terrorist on the watch list. 
The circumstances must meet the 
‘‘reasonable suspicion’’ standard. This means the facts of the case must be strong enough to reasonably determine the person is known or suspected to be engaged in terrorism. 
The second safeguard is that every 
provision in current law allowing indi-viduals to appeal the denial of a fire-arm or explosive purchase will also apply to this bill. 
The office within the FBI that han-
dles the background check system, known as the NICS Section, or the Na-tional Instant Criminal Background Check System Section, must provide the reason for denial upon request. 
Individuals then have the right to 
correct any inaccurate records in the background check system. If a pur-chase is still denied, individuals can take the Justice Department to court to overturn the decision. 
Gun safety safety bills are often la-
beled as Democratic bills. That is not the case here. 
This bill was first proposed by the 
Justice Department under President George W. Bush, who recognized that 
keeping guns away from terrorists is good policy. 
Attorney General Holder has also 
testified that the Justice Department under President Obama continues to support this proposal. 
The bill has also been endorsed by 
Everytown for Gun Safety. This group represents more than 1,000 current and former mayors, both Republican and Democrat. 
The legislation has also been en-
dorsed by the Brady Campaign to Pre-vent Gun Violence, the Violence Policy Center, Americans for Responsible So-lutions, and the Coalition to Stop Gun Violence. 
I would also like to thank the bill’s 
cosponsors: Senators W
HITEHOUSE , 
SCHUMER , DURBIN , BLUMENTHAL , BOXER , 
REED, MENENDEZ , GILLIBRAND , MURPHY , 
WARREN , and M ARKEY . All of you are 
champions for stronger gun safety laws. 
The terrorist attack in Paris should 
be a wake-up call for everyone. 
This sort of terrorist attack is very 
possible here in the United States, and the ability for known and suspected terrorists to buy guns and explosives makes it even more likely. 
Congress should close this loophole 
in our background check system and ensure that known and suspected ter-rorists can’t easily gain access to these weapons. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
bill. 
By Mr. RISCH (for himself, Mr. 
CARDIN , Ms. A YOTTE , and Mrs. 
SHAHEEN ): 
S. 552. A bill to amend the Small 
Business Investment Act of 1958 to pro-vide for increased limitations on lever-age for multiple licenses under com-mon control; to the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship. 
Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I am 
pleased join my colleague, Senator R
ISCH, in introducing the Small Busi-
ness Investment Company Capital, SBIC, Act of 2015. And I am pleased that Congressman Chabot, Chairman of the House Small Business Committee, is introducing the same bill on the House side today. 
This bipartisan legislation makes a 
common-sense change to the Small Business Investment Company, SBIC, program run by the Small Business Ad-ministration, SBA. This change will provide increased support to some of the program’s most successful partici-pants, SBICs that run multiple funds at a time. At no additional cost to the taxpayer, the SBIC Act will raise the limit that a ‘‘family of funds’’ can bor-row with an SBA guarantee from $225 million to $350 million 
The SBIC program guarantees loans 
to qualified investment funds, or SBICs. In turn, these SBICs invest in promising small businesses by com-bining the SBA loan with privately raised capital, often at a 2:1 ratio. It is important to note that while these SBICs are licensed and regulated by 
the SBA, they are privately owned and operated. 
Since its inception, the SBIC Deben-
ture program has been incredibly suc-cessful. SBICs have invested more than $70 billion in nearly 170,000 small busi-nesses. Recently, the program has ex-perienced rapid growth. In 2013, SBA guaranteed loans to SBICs equaling $3.5 billion, a 70 percent increase in fi-nancing dollars from three years ago and the highest amount of financings in the past decade. 
This success is largely attributed to 
Congressional action that raised the ceiling for maximum investments for the SBIC program each year from $3 billion to $4 billion. Senator L
ANDRIEU , 
Senator R ISCH, and I worked with a bi-
partisan coalition to increase this ceil-ing and ensure SBIC funds have access to sufficient capital to invest in prom-ising small businesses. 
Nowhere is the success of this in-
crease seen more than in Maryland. Since the start of fiscal year 2015, SBICs have already invested nearly $65 million in Maryland small businesses. Yet, this success could be enhanced even more if Congress increased the amount SBICs with a family of funds can borrow from the SBA. 
SBICs that run multiple funds at a 
time are known as ‘‘families of funds.’’ While many of our Nation’s most suc-cessful and reliable SBICs have a fam-ily of funds, their success is being re-stricted by the current lending limit. Simply raising the limit from $225 mil-lion to $350 million would provide these proven fund managers the additional capital needed to invest in small busi-nesses and stimulate local economies. 
Put simply, by increasing the ‘‘fam-
ily of funds’’ lending limit to $350 mil-lion, proven investors can invest in more promising small businesses. The SBIC Act enhances the SBA’s ability to support these successful investors as they finance small businesses that will continue to create jobs in this country. 
f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE CONCURRENT RESOLU-
TION 4—SUPPORTING THE LOCAL RADIO FREEDOM ACT 
Mr. BARRASSO (for himself and Ms. 
H
EITKAMP ) submitted the following 
concurrent resolution; which was re-ferred to the Committee on Finance. 
S. C ON. RES. 4 
Whereas the United States enjoys broad-
casting and sound recording industries that are the envy of the world, due to the sym-biotic relationship that has existed among those industries for many decades; 
Whereas, for more than 80 years, Congress 
has rejected repeated calls by the recording industry to impose a performance fee on local radio stations for simply playing music on the radio, as such a fee would upset the mutually beneficial relationship between local radio and the recording industry; 
Whereas local radio stations provide free 
publicity and promotion to the recording in-dustry and performers of music in the form 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:07 Feb 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24FE6.021 S24FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1079 February 24, 2015 
of radio air play, interviews with performers, 
introduction of new performers, concert pro-motions, and publicity that promotes the sale of music, concert tickets, ring tones, music videos, and associated merchandise; 
Whereas committees in the Senate and the 
House of Representatives have previously re-ported that ‘‘the sale of many sound record-ings and the careers of many performers have benefitted considerably from airplay and other promotional activities provided by both noncommercial and advertiser-sup-ported, free over-the-air broadcasting’’; 
Whereas local radio broadcasters provide 
tens of thousands of hours of essential local news and weather information during times of national emergencies and natural disas-ters, such as on September 11, 2001, and dur-ing Hurricanes Katrina and Rita, as well as public affairs programming, sports, and hun-dreds of millions of dollars worth of time for public service announcements and local fund raising efforts for worthy charitable causes, all of which are jeopardized if local radio sta-tions are forced to divert revenues to pay for a new performance fee; 
Whereas there are many thousands of local 
radio stations that will suffer severe eco-nomic hardship if any new performance fee is imposed, as will many other small businesses that play music including bars, restaurants, retail establishments, sports and other en-tertainment venues, shopping centers, and transportation facilities; and 
Whereas the hardship that would result 
from a new performance fee would hurt busi-nesses in the United States, and ultimately the consumers in the United States who rely on local radio for news, weather, and enter-tainment, and such a performance fee is not justified when the current system has pro-duced the most prolific and innovative broadcasting, music, and sound recording in-dustries in the world: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved by the Senate (the House of Rep-
resentatives concurring), That Congress should 
not impose any new performance fee, tax, royalty, or other charge relating to the pub-lic performance of sound recordings on a local radio station for broadcasting sound re-cordings over the air, or on any business for such public performance of sound recordings. 
f 
SENATE CONCURRENT RESOLU-
TION 5—SUPPORTING THE GOALS AND IDEALS OF THE INTER-NATIONAL DECADE FOR PEOPLE OF AFRICAN DESCENT 
Mr. CARDIN submitted the following 
concurrent resolution; which was re-ferred to the Committee on Foreign Relations: 
S. C ON. RES. 5 
Whereas, in recognition of the African Di-
aspora, on December 23, 2013, the United Na-tions General Assembly adopted Resolution 68/237, designating the decade commencing on January 1, 2015, and ending on December 31, 2024, as the ‘‘International Decade for People of African Descent’’, with the theme ‘‘People of African descent: recognition, jus-tice and development’’; 
Whereas the African Diaspora is expansive, 
spanning across the globe from the Americas and the Caribbean to Asia and Europe, with persons of African descent having had a his-torical presence and currently residing on every continent; 
Whereas the historical bonds and shared 
experiences that tie the African continent with the world must be recalled; 
Whereas the global contributions of people 
of African descent must be recognized as a means of preserving that heritage; Whereas the Final Act of the Conference 
on Security and Cooperation in Europe, done at Helsinki August 1, 1975, states that ‘‘par-ticipating States will respect human rights and fundamental freedoms . . . for all with-out distinction as to race, sex, language or religion’’; 
Whereas the Organization for Security and 
Cooperation in Europe, Organization of American States, and other international or-ganizations have undertaken efforts to ad-dress the human rights situation of people of African descent; 
Whereas, on December 10, 2014, United 
States Permanent Representative to the United Nations Samantha Power stated, ‘‘The United States comes to the Inter-national Decade for People of African De-scent with a full and robust commitment to ensuring the rights of persons of African de-scent, and to combating racism and discrimi-nation against them.’’; and 
Whereas a central goal of the International 
Decade for People of African Descent is to strengthen national actions and regional and international cooperation for the benefit of people of African descent in relation to the full enjoyment of economic, cultural, social, civil, and political rights for people of Afri-can descent; the participation and integra-tion of people of African descent in all polit-ical, economic, social, and cultural aspects of society; and the promotion of greater knowledge of, and respect for, the diverse heritage and culture of people of African de-scent; Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved by the Senate (the House of Rep-
resentatives concurring), That Congress— 
(1) supports the goals and ideals of the 
‘‘International Decade for People of African Descent’’; 
(2) encourages the recognition and celebra-
tion of the collective history and achieve-ments made by people of African descent; 
(3) reaffirms the importance of inclusion 
and the full and equal participation of people of African descent around the world in all as-pects of political, economic, social, and cul-tural life; 
(4) recognizes bilateral and multilateral ef-
forts to promote democracy, human rights, and the rule of law, including those efforts that target the eradication of poverty, hun-ger, and inequality; and 
(5) reaffirms the commitment of Congress 
to address racism, discrimination, and intol-erance in the United States and around the globe. 
f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND 
PROPOSED 
SA 252. Mr. M CCONNELL (for Mr. M ENEN -
DEZ) proposed an amendment to the resolu-
tion S. Res. 65, supporting efforts to bring an end to violence perpetrated by Boko Haram, and urging the Government of Nigeria to conduct transparent, peaceful, and credible elections. 
SA 253. Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. M ENEN -
DEZ) proposed an amendment to the resolu-
tion S. Res. 65, supra. 
SA 254. Mr. M CCONNELL (for Mr. R UBIO) 
proposed an amendment to amendment SA 253 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. 
MENENDEZ ) to the resolution S. Res. 65, 
supra. 
f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS 
SA 252. Mr. McCONNELL (for Mr. 
MENENDEZ ) proposed an amendment to 
the resolution S. Res. 65, supporting ef-forts to bring an end to violence per-petrated by Boko Haram, and urging the Government of Nigeria to conduct transparent, peaceful, and credible 
elections; as follows: 
Strike all after the resolving clause and in-
sert the following: ‘‘That the Senate— 
(1) condemns Boko Haram for its violent 
attacks, particularly the indiscriminate tar-geting of civilians, especially women and girls, and the use of children as fighters and suicide bombers; 
(2) stands with— (A) the people of Nigeria in their right to 
live free from fear or intimidation by state or nonstate actors, regardless of their eth-nic, religious, or regional affiliation; 
(B) the people of Cameroon, Chad, and 
Niger who are increasingly at risk of becom-ing victims of Boko Haram’s violence; and 
(C) the international community in its ef-
forts to defeat Boko Haram; 
(3) supports the Abuja Accord, and calls on 
candidates, party officials, and adherents of all political movements to comply with the code of conduct spelled out therein, by re-fraining from any rhetoric or action that seeks to demonize or delegitimize opponents, sow division among Nigerians, or otherwise inflame tensions; 
(4) condemns any and all abuses of civil-
ians by security forces of the Government of Nigeria; 
(5) urges the Government of Nigeria to— (A) adhere to the new timeline for elec-
tions announced by INEC on February 7, 2015; 
(B) refrain from using security concerns as 
a pretext for impeding the democratic proc-ess and using the security apparatus for po-litical purposes in connection with the elec-tions; 
(C) ensure elections are credible, trans-
parent, and peaceful; 
(D) prioritize the safety and security of Ni-
gerians vulnerable to Boko Haram attacks; 
(E) implement a comprehensive, civilian 
security-focused response to defeat Boko Haram that addresses political and economic grievances of citizens in the north; 
(F) improve the capacity and conduct of 
Nigeria’s security forces, including respect for human rights, and take steps to hold ac-countable through a transparent process those members of the security forces respon-sible for abuses; 
(G) recognize that security forces are in-
tended to protect the safety and security of all citizens equally; and 
(H) cooperate with regional and inter-
national partners to defeat Boko Haram; 
(6) urges all Nigerians to engage in the 
electoral process, to insist on full enfran-chisement, and to reject inflammatory or di-visive rhetoric or actions; and 
(7) reaffirms that the people of the United 
States will continue to stand with the people of Nigeria in support of peace and democ-racy. 
SA 253. Mr. M CCONNELL (for Mr. 
MENENDEZ ) proposed an amendment to 
the resolution S. Res. 65, supporting ef-forts to bring an end to violence per-petrated by Boko Haram, and urging the Government of Nigeria to conduct transparent, peaceful, and credible elections; as follows: 
Whereas Nigeria is the most populous na-
tion in Africa, with the largest economy; 
Whereas the Governments of the United 
States and Nigeria have had a strong bilat-eral relationship, and Nigeria has been a val-ued partner of the United States since its transition to civilian rule; 
Whereas the Government of Nigeria is cur-
rently confronted with threats to internal security by terrorists, insurgents, and com-
munal violence that have caused consider-able population displacement, and at the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:07 Feb 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24FE6.020 S24FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1080 February 24, 2015 
same time must administer transparent and 
peaceful elections with a credible outcome; 
Whereas the government and those who as-
pire to hold office in Nigeria must dem-onstrate the political will to address both of these challenges in a responsible way, in-cluding by ensuring full enfranchisement, with particular emphasis on developing a means for enfranchisement for the hundreds of thousands displaced by violence; 
Whereas the members of Jama’atu Ahlis 
Sunna Lidda’awati wal-Jihad, commonly known as Boko Haram, have terrorized the people of Nigeria with increasing violence since 2009, targeting military, government, and civilian sites in Nigeria, including schools, mosques, churches, markets, vil-lages, and agricultural centers, and killing thousands and abducting hundreds of civil-ians in Nigeria and the surrounding coun-tries; 
Whereas the Department of State named 
several individuals linked to Boko Haram, including its leader, Abubakar Shekau, as Specially Designated Global Terrorists in 2012, and designated Boko Haram as a For-eign Terrorist Organization (FTO) in Novem-ber 2013; 
Whereas, in May 2014, the United Nations 
Security Council added Boko Haram to its al Qaeda sanctions list, and on January 19, 2015, the United Nations Security Council issued a presidential statement condemning the re-cent escalation of attacks in northeastern Nigeria and surrounding countries and ex-pressing concern that the situation was un-dermining peace and security in West and Central Africa; 
Whereas Boko Haram calls for the uni-
versal implementation of what it considers ‘‘pure’’ Shari’ah law, has called on all Chris-tians to leave northern Nigeria, and per-petrates targeted violent attacks against Christians, churches, schools, mosques, and Muslim critics; 
Whereas the over 200 school girls abducted 
by Boko Haram on April 14, 2014, from the Government Girls Secondary School in the northeastern state of Borno, whose kidnap-ping sparked domestic and international out-rage spawning the Twitter campaign #BringBackOurGirls, are still missing; 
Whereas the militant group is an increas-
ing menace to the countries along Nigeria’s northeastern border, prompting the African Union, the Lake Chad Basin Commission, the European Union, and the United Nations Se-curity Council to recognize that there must be a regional response; 
Whereas the United States Government 
has stepped forward to offer assistance through intelligence sharing, bilateral and international sanctioning of Boko Haram leaders, counterterrorism assistance through the Global Security Contingency Fund pro-gram for countries in the region to counter the militant group, and humanitarian serv-ices to populations affected by and vulner-able to Boko Haram violence; 
Whereas Boko Haram emerged partially as 
a response to underdevelopment in north-eastern Nigeria, and inequality, elite impu-nity, and alleged human rights abuses by se-curity forces may be fueling anti-govern-ment sentiment; 
Whereas it is clear that a military ap-
proach alone will not eliminate the threat of Boko Haram, and gross human rights abuses and atrocities by security forces causes inse-curity and mistrust among the civilian popu-lation; 
Whereas it is imperative that the Govern-
ment of Nigeria implement a comprehensive, civilian security focused plan that prioritizes protecting civilians and also ad-dresses legitimate political and economic grievances of citizens in northern Nigeria; Whereas Nigeria is scheduled to hold na-
tional elections in the coming weeks, and the elections appear to be the most closely contested in Nigeria since the return to ci-vilian rule; 
Whereas election-related violence has oc-
curred in Nigeria in successive elections, in-cluding in 2011, when nearly 800 people died in clashes following the presidential elec-tion; 
Whereas President Goodluck Ebele 
Azikiwe Jonathan, General Muhammadu Buhari, and other presidential candidates 
pledged to reverse this trend by signing the ‘‘Abuja Accord’’ on January 14, 2015, in which they committed themselves and their cam-paigns to refraining from public statements that incite violence, to running issue-based campaigns that do not seek to divide citizens along religious or ethnic lines, and to sup-porting the impartial conduct of the elec-toral commission and the security services; 
Whereas Secretary of State John Kerry 
visited Nigeria on January 25, 2015, to em-phasize the importance of ensuring the up-coming elections are peaceful, nonviolent, and credible; 
Whereas, despite the Nigerian Independent 
National Electoral Commission’s (INEC) views that preparations were ‘‘sufficient to conduct free, fair and credible elections as scheduled,’’ at the repeated urging of secu-rity officials, INEC announced on February 7, 2015, the postponement of the elections by six weeks, and elections will now take place on March 28 and April 11, 2015; 
Whereas tensions in the country remain 
high, and either electoral fraud or violence could undermine the credibility of the up-coming election; 
Whereas the people of Nigeria aspire for a 
fair, competently executed, and secure elec-toral process, as well as an outcome that can be accepted peacefully by all citizens; and 
Whereas it is in the best interest of the 
United States to maintain close ties with a politically stable, democratic and economi-cally sound Nigeria: Now, therefore, be it 
SA 254. Mr. M CCONNELL (for Mr. 
RUBIO) proposed an amendment to 
amendment SA 253 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. M ENENDEZ ) to the 
resolution S. Res. 65, supporting efforts to bring an end to violence perpetrated by Boko Haram, and urging the Gov-ernment of Nigeria to conduct trans-parent, peaceful, and credible elec-tions; as follows: 
Insert after the seventh whereas clause of 
the preamble the following: 
Whereas Boko Haram calls for the uni-
versal implementation of what it considers ‘‘pure’’ Shari’ah law, has called on all Chris-tians to leave northern Nigeria, and per-petrates targeted violent attacks against Christians, churches, schools, mosques, and Muslim critics; 
f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO 
MEET 
COMMITTEE ON AGRICULTURE , NUTRITION , AND 
FORESTRY  
Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on February 24, 2015, at 9:30 a.m., in room SR–328A of the Russell Senate Office Building, to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘The Ag-ricultural Act of 2014 implementation after one year and Farm Credit Admin-istration pending nominations.’’ The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES  
Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Armed Services be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on February 24, 2015, at 9:30 a.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON BANKING , HOUSING , AND URBAN  
AFFAIRS  
Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on February 24, 2015, at 10 a.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON COMMERCE , SCIENCE , AND 
TRANSPORTATION  
Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on February 24, 2015, at 2 p.m., in room SR–253 of the Russell Senate Office Building to conduct a subcommittee hearing entitled ‘‘U.S. Human Explo-ration Goals and Commercial Space Competitiveness.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND NATURAL  
RESOURCES  
Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Re-sources be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on February 24, 2015, at 10 a.m., in room SD–366 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS  
Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on February 24, 2015, at 2:30 p.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Review of Resources, Priorities and Programs in the FY 2016 State Depart-ment Budget Request.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON FINANCE  
Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Finance be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on February 24, 2015, at 10 a.m., in room SD–215 of the Dirksen Senate Of-fice Building, to conduct a hearing en-titled ‘‘Tax Reform, Growth and Effi-ciency.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON HEALTH , EDUCATION , LABOR , 
AND PENSIONS  
Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions be authorized to meet 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:07 Feb 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24FE6.023 S24FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1081 February 24, 2015 
during the session of the Senate on 
February 24, 2015, at 10 a.m., in room SD–430 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building, to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Recalibrating Regulation of Colleges and Universities: A Report from the Task Force on Government Regulation of Higher Education.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY AND  
GOVERNMENTAL AFFAIRS  
Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on February 24, 2015, at 10 a.m., to con-duct a hearing entitled ‘‘Improving the Efficiency, Effectiveness, and Inde-pendence of Inspectors General.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY  
Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on the Judiciary be authorized to meet during the session of the Sen-ate on February 24, 2015, at 10 a.m., in room SD–226 of the Dirksen Senate Of-fice Building, to conduct a hearing en-titled ‘‘Human Trafficking in the United States: Protecting the Victim.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON VETERANS ’ AFFAIRS  
Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on February 24, 2015, at 2 p.m., in room SD–G50 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building, to conduct a joint hearing with the House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE  
Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Intelligence be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on February 24, 2015, at 2:30 p.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
SUPPORTING EFFORTS TO BRING 
AN END TO VIOLENCE PER-PETRATED BY BOKO HARAM, AND URGING THE GOVERNMENT OF NIGERIA TO CONDUCT TRANSPARENT, PEACEFUL, AND CREDIBLE ELECTIONS 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the For-eign Relations Committee be dis-charged from further consideration of S. Res. 65 and the Senate proceed to its immediate consideration. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The clerk will report the resolution 
by title. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 65) supporting efforts 
to bring an end to violence perpetrated by Boko Haram, and urging the Government of 
Nigeria to conduct transparent, peaceful, and credible elections. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the resolution. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I further ask 
unanimous consent that the Menendez amendment to the resolution be agreed to. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendment (No. 252) in the na-
ture of a substitute was agreed to, as follows: 
(Purpose: To provide a complete substitute) 
Strike all after the resolving clause and in-
sert the following: ‘‘That the Senate— 
(1) condemns Boko Haram for its violent 
attacks, particularly the indiscriminate tar-geting of civilians, especially women and girls, and the use of children as fighters and suicide bombers; 
(2) stands with— (A) the people of Nigeria in their right to 
live free from fear or intimidation by state or nonstate actors, regardless of their eth-nic, religious, or regional affiliation; 
(B) the people of Cameroon, Chad, and 
Niger who are increasingly at risk of becom-ing victims of Boko Haram’s violence; and 
(C) the international community in its ef-
forts to defeat Boko Haram; 
(3) supports the Abuja Accord, and calls on 
candidates, party officials, and adherents of all political movements to comply with the code of conduct spelled out therein, by re-fraining from any rhetoric or action that seeks to demonize or delegitimize opponents, sow division among Nigerians, or otherwise inflame tensions; 
(4) condemns any and all abuses of civil-
ians by security forces of the Government of Nigeria; 
(5) urges the Government of Nigeria to— (A) adhere to the new timeline for elec-
tions announced by INEC on February 7, 2015; 
(B) refrain from using security concerns as 
a pretext for impeding the democratic proc-ess and using the security apparatus for po-litical purposes in connection with the elec-tions; 
(C) ensure elections are credible, trans-
parent, and peaceful; 
(D) prioritize the safety and security of Ni-
gerians vulnerable to Boko Haram attacks; 
(E) implement a comprehensive, civilian 
security-focused response to defeat Boko Haram that addresses political and economic grievances of citizens in the north; 
(F) improve the capacity and conduct of 
Nigeria’s security forces, including respect for human rights, and take steps to hold ac-countable through a transparent process those members of the security forces respon-sible for abuses; 
(G) recognize that security forces are in-
tended to protect the safety and security of all citizens equally; and 
(H) cooperate with regional and inter-
national partners to defeat Boko Haram; 
(6) urges all Nigerians to engage in the 
electoral process, to insist on full enfran-chisement, and to reject inflammatory or di-visive rhetoric or actions; and 
(7) reaffirms that the people of the United 
States will continue to stand with the people of Nigeria in support of peace and democ-racy. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I know of no fur-
ther debate on this measure. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
any further debate? 
Hearing none, the question is on 
agreeing to the resolution. The resolution (S. Res. 65), as amend-
ed, was agreed to. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
further ask unanimous consent that the Menendez substitute amendment to the preamble be considered; that the Rubio amendment to the Menendez amendment to the preamble be consid-ered and agreed to; that the Menendez substitute, as amended, be agreed to; that the preamble, as amended, be agreed to; and the motions to recon-
sider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendment (No. 253) is as fol-
lows: 
(Purpose: To amend the preamble) 
Amend the preamble to read as follows: 
Whereas Nigeria is the most populous na-
tion in Africa, with the largest economy; 
Whereas the Governments of the United 
States and Nigeria have had a strong bilat-eral relationship, and Nigeria has been a val-ued partner of the United States since its transition to civilian rule; 
Whereas the Government of Nigeria is cur-
rently confronted with threats to internal security by terrorists, insurgents, and com-munal violence that have caused consider-able population displacement, and at the same time must administer transparent and peaceful elections with a credible outcome; 
Whereas the government and those who as-
pire to hold office in Nigeria must dem-onstrate the political will to address both of these challenges in a responsible way, in-cluding by ensuring full enfranchisement, with particular emphasis on developing a means for enfranchisement for the hundreds of thousands displaced by violence; 
Whereas the members of Jama’atu Ahlis 
Sunna Lidda’awati wal-Jihad, commonly known as Boko Haram, have terrorized the people of Nigeria with increasing violence since 2009, targeting military, government, and civilian sites in Nigeria, including schools, mosques, churches, markets, vil-lages, and agricultural centers, and killing thousands and abducting hundreds of civil-ians in Nigeria and the surrounding coun-tries; 
Whereas the Department of State named 
several individuals linked to Boko Haram, including its leader, Abubakar Shekau, as Specially Designated Global Terrorists in 2012, and designated Boko Haram as a For-eign Terrorist Organization (FTO) in Novem-ber 2013; 
Whereas, in May 2014, the United Nations 
Security Council added Boko Haram to its al Qaeda sanctions list, and on January 19, 2015, the United Nations Security Council issued a presidential statement condemning the re-cent escalation of attacks in northeastern Nigeria and surrounding countries and ex-pressing concern that the situation was un-dermining peace and security in West and Central Africa; 
Whereas the over 200 school girls abducted 
by Boko Haram on April 14, 2014, from the Government Girls Secondary School in the northeastern state of Borno, whose kidnap-ping sparked domestic and international out-rage spawning the Twitter campaign #BringBackOurGirls, are still missing; 
Whereas the militant group is an increas-
ing menace to the countries along Nigeria’s northeastern border, prompting the African Union, the Lake Chad Basin Commission, the European Union, and the United Nations Se-curity Council to recognize that there must be a regional response; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:07 Feb 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24FE6.028 S24FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1082 February 24, 2015 
Whereas the United States Government 
has stepped forward to offer assistance through intelligence sharing, bilateral and international sanctioning of Boko Haram leaders, counterterrorism assistance through the Global Security Contingency Fund pro-gram for countries in the region to counter the militant group, and humanitarian serv-ices to populations affected by and vulner-able to Boko Haram violence; 
Whereas Boko Haram emerged partially as 
a response to underdevelopment in north-eastern Nigeria, and inequality, elite impu-nity, and alleged human rights abuses by se-curity forces may be fueling anti-govern-ment sentiment; 
Whereas it is clear that a military ap-
proach alone will not eliminate the threat of Boko Haram, and gross human rights abuses and atrocities by security forces causes inse-curity and mistrust among the civilian popu-lation; 
Whereas it is imperative that the Govern-
ment of Nigeria implement a comprehensive, civilian security focused plan that prioritizes protecting civilians and also ad-dresses legitimate political and economic grievances of citizens in northern Nigeria; 
Whereas Nigeria is scheduled to hold na-
tional elections in the coming weeks, and the elections appear to be the most closely contested in Nigeria since the return to ci-vilian rule; 
Whereas election-related violence has oc-
curred in Nigeria in successive elections, in-cluding in 2011, when nearly 800 people died in clashes following the presidential elec-tion; 
Whereas President Goodluck Ebele 
Azikiwe Jonathan, General Muhammadu Buhari, and other presidential candidates pledged to reverse this trend by signing the ‘‘Abuja Accord’’ on January 14, 2015, in which they committed themselves and their cam-paigns to refraining from public statements that incite violence, to running issue-based campaigns that do not seek to divide citizens along religious or ethnic lines, and to sup-porting the impartial conduct of the elec-toral commission and the security services; 
Whereas Secretary of State John Kerry 
visited Nigeria on January 25, 2015, to em-phasize the importance of ensuring the up-coming elections are peaceful, nonviolent, and credible; 
Whereas, despite the Nigerian Independent 
National Electoral Commission’s (INEC) views that preparations were ‘‘sufficient to conduct free, fair and credible elections as scheduled,’’ at the repeated urging of secu-rity officials, INEC announced on February 7, 2015, the postponement of the elections by six weeks, and elections will now take place on March 28 and April 11, 2015; 
Whereas tensions in the country remain 
high, and either electoral fraud or violence could undermine the credibility of the up-coming election; 
Whereas the people of Nigeria aspire for a 
fair, competently executed, and secure elec-toral process, as well as an outcome that can be accepted peacefully by all citizens; and 
Whereas it is in the best interest of the 
United States to maintain close ties with a politically stable, democratic and economi-cally sound Nigeria: Now, therefore, be it 
The amendment (No. 254) was agreed 
to, as follows: 
(Purpose: To illustrate the extreme degree of 
religious intolerance demonstrated by Boko Haram) 
Insert after the seventh whereas clause of 
the preamble the following: 
Whereas Boko Haram calls for the uni-
versal implementation of what it considers ‘‘pure’’ Shari’ah law, has called on all Chris-tians to leave northern Nigeria, and per-petrates targeted violent attacks against 
Christians, churches, schools, mosques, and Muslim critics; 
The amendment (No. 253) in the na-
ture of a substitute, as amended, was agreed to. 
The preamble, as amended, was 
agreed to. 
The resolution, as amended, with its 
preamble, as amended, reads as follows: 
S. R ES. 65 
Whereas Nigeria is the most populous na-
tion in Africa, with the largest economy; 
Whereas the Governments of the United 
States and Nigeria have had a strong bilat-eral relationship, and Nigeria has been a val-ued partner of the United States since its transition to civilian rule; 
Whereas the Government of Nigeria is cur-
rently confronted with threats to internal security by terrorists, insurgents, and com-munal violence that have caused consider-able population displacement, and at the same time must administer transparent and peaceful elections with a credible outcome; 
Whereas the government and those who as-
pire to hold office in Nigeria must dem-onstrate the political will to address both of these challenges in a responsible way, in-cluding by ensuring full enfranchisement, with particular emphasis on developing a means for enfranchisement for the hundreds of thousands displaced by violence; 
Whereas the members of Jama’atu Ahlis 
Sunna Lidda’awati wal-Jihad, commonly known as Boko Haram, have terrorized the people of Nigeria with increasing violence since 2009, targeting military, government, and civilian sites in Nigeria, including schools, mosques, churches, markets, vil-lages, and agricultural centers, and killing thousands and abducting hundreds of civil-ians in Nigeria and the surrounding coun-tries; 
Whereas the Department of State named 
several individuals linked to Boko Haram, including its leader, Abubakar Shekau, as Specially Designated Global Terrorists in 2012, and designated Boko Haram as a For-eign Terrorist Organization (FTO) in Novem-ber 2013; 
Whereas, in May 2014, the United Nations 
Security Council added Boko Haram to its al Qaeda sanctions list, and on January 19, 2015, the United Nations Security Council issued a presidential statement condemning the re-cent escalation of attacks in northeastern Nigeria and surrounding countries and ex-pressing concern that the situation was un-dermining peace and security in West and Central Africa; 
Whereas Boko Haram calls for the uni-
versal implementation of what it considers ‘‘pure’’ Shari’ah law, has called on all Chris-tians to leave northern Nigeria, and per-petrates targeted violent attacks against Christians, churches, schools, mosques, and Muslim critics; 
Whereas the over 200 school girls abducted 
by Boko Haram on April 14, 2014, from the Government Girls Secondary School in the northeastern state of Borno, whose kidnap-ping sparked domestic and international out-rage spawning the Twitter campaign #BringBackOurGirls, are still missing; 
Whereas the militant group is an increas-
ing menace to the countries along Nigeria’s northeastern border, prompting the African Union, the Lake Chad Basin Commission, the European Union, and the United Nations Se-curity Council to recognize that there must be a regional response; 
Whereas the United States Government 
has stepped forward to offer assistance through intelligence sharing, bilateral and international sanctioning of Boko Haram leaders, counterterrorism assistance through 
the Global Security Contingency Fund pro-gram for countries in the region to counter the militant group, and humanitarian serv-ices to populations affected by and vulner-able to Boko Haram violence; 
Whereas Boko Haram emerged partially as 
a response to underdevelopment in north-eastern Nigeria, and inequality, elite impu-nity, and alleged human rights abuses by se-curity forces may be fueling anti-govern-ment sentiment; 
Whereas it is clear that a military ap-
proach alone will not eliminate the threat of Boko Haram, and gross human rights abuses and atrocities by security forces causes inse-curity and mistrust among the civilian popu-lation; 
Whereas it is imperative that the Govern-
ment of Nigeria implement a comprehensive, civilian security focused plan that prioritizes protecting civilians and also ad-dresses legitimate political and economic grievances of citizens in northern Nigeria; 
Whereas Nigeria is scheduled to hold na-
tional elections in the coming weeks, and the elections appear to be the most closely contested in Nigeria since the return to ci-vilian rule; 
Whereas election-related violence has oc-
curred in Nigeria in successive elections, in-cluding in 2011, when nearly 800 people died in clashes following the presidential elec-tion; 
Whereas President Goodluck Ebele 
Azikiwe Jonathan, General Muhammadu Buhari, and other presidential candidates pledged to reverse this trend by signing the ‘‘Abuja Accord’’ on January 14, 2015, in which they committed themselves and their cam-paigns to refraining from public statements that incite violence, to running issue-based campaigns that do not seek to divide citizens along religious or ethnic lines, and to sup-porting the impartial conduct of the elec-toral commission and the security services; 
Whereas Secretary of State John Kerry 
visited Nigeria on January 25, 2015, to em-phasize the importance of ensuring the up-coming elections are peaceful, nonviolent, and credible; 
Whereas despite the Nigerian Independent 
National Electoral Commission’s (INEC) 
views that preparations were ‘‘sufficient to conduct free, fair and credible elections as scheduled,’’ at the repeated urging of secu-rity officials, INEC announced on February 7, 2015, the postponement of the elections by six weeks, and elections will now take place on March 28 and April 11, 2015; 
Whereas tensions in the country remain 
high, and either electoral fraud or violence could undermine the credibility of the up-coming election; 
Whereas the people of Nigeria aspire for a 
fair, competently executed, and secure elec-toral process, as well as an outcome that can be accepted peacefully by all citizens; and 
Whereas it is in the best interest of the 
United States to maintain close ties with a politically stable, democratic and economi-cally sound Nigeria: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate— 
(1) condemns Boko Haram for its violent 
attacks, particularly the indiscriminate tar-geting of civilians, especially women and girls, and the use of children as fighters and suicide bombers; 
(2) stands with— (A) the people of Nigeria in their right to 
live free from fear or intimidation by state or nonstate actors, regardless of their eth-nic, religious, or regional affiliation; 
(B) the people of Cameroon, Chad, and 
Niger who are increasingly at risk of becom-ing victims of Boko Haram’s violence; and 
(C) the international community in its ef-
forts to defeat Boko Haram; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:07 Feb 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24FE6.032 S24FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1083 February 24, 2015 
(3) supports the Abuja Accord, and calls on 
candidates, party officials, and adherents of all political movements to comply with the code of conduct spelled out therein, by re-fraining from any rhetoric or action that seeks to demonize or delegitimize opponents, sow division among Nigerians, or otherwise inflame tensions; 
(4) condemns any and all abuses of civil-
ians by security forces of the Government of Nigeria; 
(5) urges the Government of Nigeria to— (A) adhere to the new timeline for elec-
tions announced by INEC on February 7, 2015; 
(B) refrain from using security concerns as 
a pretext for impeding the democratic proc-ess and using the security apparatus for po-litical purposes in connection with the elec-tions; 
(C) ensure elections are credible, trans-
parent, and peaceful; 
(D) prioritize the safety and security of Ni-
gerians vulnerable to Boko Haram attacks; 
(E) implement a comprehensive, civilian 
security-focused response to defeat Boko Haram that addresses political and economic grievances of citizens in the north; 
(F) improve the capacity and conduct of 
Nigeria’s security forces, including respect for human rights, and take steps to hold ac-countable through a transparent process those members of the security forces respon-sible for abuses; 
(G) recognize that security forces are in-
tended to protect the safety and security of all citizens equally; and 
(H) cooperate with regional and inter-
national partners to defeat Boko Haram; 
(6) urges all Nigerians to engage in the 
electoral process, to insist on full enfran-chisement, and to reject inflammatory or di-visive rhetoric or actions; and 
(7) reaffirms that the people of the United 
States will continue to stand with the people of Nigeria in support of peace and democ-racy. 
f 
APPOINTMENTS 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
Chair, on behalf of the majority leader, pursuant to the provisions of S. Res. 64, adopted March 5, 2013, appoints the fol-lowing Senators as members of the Senate National Security Working Group for the 114th Congress: M
ARCO  
RUBIO of Florida (Republican Adminis-
trative Co-Chairman), T HAD COCHRAN  
of Mississippi (Republican Co-Chair-man), L
INDSEY GRAHAM of South Caro-
lina (Republican Co-Chairman), J EFF 
SESSIONS of Alabama (Republican Co- 
Chairman), B OBCORKER of Tennessee, 
JOHNMCCAINof Arizona, J AMES RISCH 
of Idaho, R OYBLUNT of Missouri, and 
JAMES INHOFE of Oklahoma. 
f 
ORDERS FOR WEDNESDAY, 
FEBRUARY 25, 2015 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 9:30 a.m., Wednesday, February 25; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of pro-ceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day; that fol-lowing leader remarks, the Senate be in a period of morning business for up to 1 hour, with Senators permitted to 
speak therein for up to 10 minutes each, with the majority controlling the first half and the Democrats control-ling the second half. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ORDER FOR ADJOURNMENT 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, if 
there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order, following the remarks of my colleague from Iowa, Senator G
RASSLEY . 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The Senator from Iowa. 
f 
H–1B VISA PROGRAM 
Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, 
many of my colleagues know I have been fighting for years to end the abuse of the H–1B visa program and help dis-advantaged U.S. workers who are harmed by that program. Today I wish to draw the attention of my colleagues to a recent incident that highlights how some employers are potentially using legal avenues to import foreign workers, lay off qualified Americans, and then export jobs overseas. I was shocked by the heartless manner in which U.S. workers were injured in the case I am about to describe. 
First, I wish to remind my colleagues 
about how the H–1B program is sup-posed to work. Under the terms of the H–1B program, U.S. employers may im-port into the United States each year up to 65,000 so-called specialty occupa-tion workers. The jobs being filled must be a job for which a bachelor’s de-gree is necessary. Even though the an-nual cap is 65,000, the actual number of foreign workers being imported is much more because of numerous ex-emptions. In fiscal year 2012, for exam-ple, U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services approved a total of 262,569 H– 1B petitions—way above the legal limit of 65,000 or I should say the supposed limit of 65,000. 
About 60 percent of H–1B workers 
come to fill computer-related occupa-tions. Every year the list of the top 10 H–1B employers is dominated by for-eign-based companies offering informa-tion technology or IT consulting serv-ices to the clients. 
Under the law, H–1B employers are 
also required to: No. 1, pay the workers the greater of the prevailing wage for that job in that area or the wage the employer pays to similarly qualified U.S. workers doing the same job and at the same time—or the No. 2 condi-tion—provide working conditions that will not adversely affect other simi-larly employed U.S. workers. 
Additionally, H–1B employers may 
not displace a U.S. worker within the period beginning 90 days before and ending 90 days after the date of filing any H–1B petition by that employer. Now I will describe what the program 
lacks. Most people believe employers try to recruit Americans before they petition for H–1B workers. Yet under the law, not all employers are required to prove to the Department of Labor that they tried to find an American to fill the job first. That is right. Amer-ican workers do not get the first chance at these jobs in the United States, and if there is an equally or even better qualified U.S. worker, the company does not have to offer him or her that job. 
I have pushed for changes in the leg-
islation in that law. In fact, I offered several pro-U.S. worker amendments during consideration of the immigra-tion bill in 2013. Every amendment I of-fered was defeated. The majority at that time—meaning the Democratic majority, and it was a bipartisan ma-jority that helped defeat it—defeated these pro-American worker amend-ments. They pushed through S. 744, the 2013 immigration bill, without this sig-nificant, much needed change. 
Let me describe to my colleagues the 
appalling instance referenced above. 
I have described what the H–1B law 
was and how, during the immigration debate of 2013, I tried to amend it and improve it, and I wasn’t successful. I started my remarks tonight by talking about the abuse of H–1B, the law not being followed, overseas companies bringing workers in here for an Amer-ican company to employ, and then in turn these jobs are going to be shipped overseas. So now I wish to describe this appalling incident I referenced earlier. 
Last August, Southern California 
Edison started laying off 400 American workers from its IT department. The company replaced them with foreign H–1B workers. According to the com-pany, 100 additional American workers who will also be replaced by H–1B workers will leave supposedly volun-tarily. According to Computerworld, the final major batch of layoffs is scheduled for March 6 or March 7. 
The foreign workers who are replac-
ing the American workers at Edison are employees of two overseas-based IT consulting companies that are also two of the largest users of H–1B visas. In 2013 one of the two companies paid the largest immigration fine in U.S. his-tory. That company paid $34 million in a civil settlement after allegations of systemic visa fraud and abuse. 
The jobs being filled by H–1B workers 
are manifestly not jobs for which Americans are unavailable. I say that because the jobs are currently filled by skilled American workers. It is dis-turbing that not only have these Amer-ican workers been laid off, but also some of them have reportedly had to train their very own replacements. 
A columnist for the Los Angeles 
Times writes that by laying off hun-dreds of its American IT staff and re-placing them with relatively low-wage foreign contract workers, Edison stands to save as much as 40 percent in wage costs per laid-off worker. One 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:07 Feb 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24FE6.036 S24FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1084 February 24, 2015 
laid-off Edison worker told the col-
umnist that company supervisors told a group of workers last year: ‘‘We can get four Indian guys far cheaper than the price of you.’’ 
Worse yet, most of the 500 jobs that 
had been held by Americans will even-tually just move overseas. According to the Los Angeles Times, Edison ad-mits that eventually about 70 percent of the work will shift overseas perma-nently. 
Edison describes the 400 layoffs as a 
‘‘transition’’ to the foreign IT con-sulting companies that ‘‘will lead to enhancements that deliver faster and more efficient tools and applications for services that customers rely on.’’ 
Then it adds further: ‘‘[T]hrough out-
sourcing, [Edison’s] information tech-nology organization will adopt a prov-en business strategy commonly and successfully used by top U.S. compa-nies that [Edison] benchmarks against.’’ 
With respect to replacing American 
workers with H–1B workers, Edison says the company ‘‘is not hiring H–1B workers to replace displaced employ-ees.’’ Edison’s cynical defense is built upon a very shameless exploitation of a loophole in the H–1B laws. That loop-hole says that technically Edison isn’t the H–1B workers’ employer; the two foreign consulting companies are. The H–1B workers are just contracted out for extended, potentially multiyear pe-riods from the foreign consulting com-panies to the American company, Edi-son. Thus, Edison argues that it is not subject to the requirements under the immigration laws that I spoke of ear-lier. They argue that because they are not the employer who petitioned di-rectly for the H–1B workers, they—Edi-son—don’t have to abide by the work-ing condition requirements or the 90- day rule. 
The condemnation of this attack on 
American workers has been very quick 
and, quite frankly, bipartisan. On Feb-ruary 10 over 300 members of the Inter-national Brotherhood of Electrical Workers rallied in Irvine, CA, in sup-port of their fellow Edison employees. Several Members of Congress have ex-pressed concern about the situation. On February 17 the Economic Policy Institute sent a letter to the Secretary of Labor asking him to investigate the 
Edison layoffs. Specifically, the insti-tute asked the Secretary of Labor to determine whether Edison, the foreign consulting companies, or any of the parties involved in these layoffs vio-lated the requirements that the hiring of H–1B workers not ‘‘adversely affect the wages and working conditions of U.S. workers comparably employed.’’ 
I echo the request of the Economic 
Policy Institute. The prohibition on adversely affecting U.S. workers can reasonably be applied to situations, such as in the Edison case, where the H–1B workers are contractors at a worksite rather than employees. 
I also draw your attention to a pow-
erful February 16 Los Angeles Times editorial entitled ‘‘End H–1B visa pro-gram’s abuse.’’ The Los Angeles Times calls Edison’s action ‘‘part of a years- long trend among companies of mis-using H–1B visas to undercut wages and offshore high-paying American jobs.’’ The Los Angeles Times concludes that the H–1B program, although perhaps well-intentioned, is ‘‘broken’’ and that ‘‘Congress needs to fix it.’’ And, of course, I could not agree more, as evi-denced by all the amendments I offered in 2013 on the immigration bill. 
This situation with Southern Cali-
fornia Edison is not new. It is hap-pening time and time again. American workers are losing out because the law is not strong enough to protect them, so it needs to be fixed. 
Any proposal to reform the H–1B pro-
gram must include substantially in-creased protections for U.S. workers such as I have proposed many times in the past. These protections must at a minimum include the requirement that companies first recruit here at home before they import more foreign work-ers. We also need to reform the H–1B wage requirements so that U.S. work-ers’ wages would no longer be undercut 
by H–1B workers’ wages. There also needs to be more oversight of the pro-gram, including random audits of those who use the program. 
Tightening the law to ensure that 
U.S. workers have the first opportunity at high-paying, high-skilled jobs in this country is a no-brainer. Yet there is so much opposition to this philosophy. I just cannot believe the opposition. As I stated earlier, the majority in the last 
Congress—and that happened to be a bipartisan majority—pushed for changes to the H–1B program but voted against every single amendment I of-fered to ensure that U.S. workers were given priority. 
Now there is a lot of fanfare and a lot 
of talk about a high-skilled bill that has been reintroduced in the Senate that would increase the annual number of H–1B visas. The sponsors of the bill claim it will ‘‘boost our competitive-ness in the global economy.’’ This bill only makes the problems worse. It doesn’t plug the loopholes. It doesn’t make sure American workers are put before foreign workers. It doesn’t en-sure that employers don’t use the pro-gram to pay cheaper wages, which then in turn disadvantages U.S. workers. 
The H–1B program could be a very 
worthwhile program. According to the original intent, I obviously would sup-port it because we want workers to do the jobs that need to be done in Amer-ica, but it should first be people who are already here. 
Our employment-based immigration 
programs could have served and could again serve a valuable purpose if used properly. However, they are being mis-used and abused. They are failing the American worker. Reforms are needed to put integrity back into the pro-grams and to ensure that American workers and students are given every chance to fill vacant jobs in this coun-try. So I am putting my colleagues on notice that I am committed to this ef-fort. As chairman of the Judiciary Committee, I don’t intend on allowing legislation to move through this body without reforms to the H–1B program that protect American workers. 
I yield the floor. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 9:30 A.M. 
TOMORROW 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ate stands adjourned until 9:30 a.m. to-morrow. 
Thereupon, the Senate, at 7:05 p.m., 
adjourned until Wednesday, February 25, 2015, at 9:30 a.m. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:07 Feb 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24FE6.042 S24FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E231 February 24, 2015 
HONORING CIVIL RIGHTS PIONEER 
MAJOR GENERAL JOSEPH M
CNEIL, USAF RESERVE, RE-
TIRED 
HON. KATHLEEN M. RICE 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, February 24, 2015 
Miss RICE of New York. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize retired United States Air Force Major General Joseph McNeil, a resi-dent of New York’s fourth congressional dis-trict who is being honored today by the Frank-lin Square Historical Society. 
Fifty-five years ago this month, General 
McNeil was a 17 year old freshman at North Carolina A&T State University when he and three other freshmen entered a Woolworth’s store in Greensboro, North Carolina and sat down at the whites-only counter. They were denied service and asked to leave, but they kept their seats until the store closed. The next morning, they came back with more stu-dents. Again they were denied service, and again they refused to leave. They were ridi-culed and taunted, but they resisted provo-cation in their commitment to non-violence. By the fourth day, as news spread, hundreds of students had joined the sit-in, and soon, simi-lar peaceful protests had begun in other towns across North Carolina and beyond the state’s borders. 
The young men who initiated this wave of 
civil disobedience live on in American history as the Greensboro Four. Their actions reflect the very best of the American character—the commitment to freedom and justice and equal-ity, and the courage to confront injustice with the force of truth and disciplined nonviolence. 
As Black History Month draws to a close, I 
wish to recognize General McNeil for his in-strumental role in a movement that has made the United States of America a better nation and the American people a better people. I wish also to recognize his distinguished serv-ice as a decorated officer in the United States Air Force and Air Force Reserves for more than three decades. I am tremendously grate-ful for General McNeil’s contributions to our communities in New York’s fourth congres-sional district, and it is my distinct honor to serve as his representative in Congress. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO COLONEL R. SCOTT 
JARVIS, USAF 
HON. DOUG LAMBORN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, February 24, 2015 
Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, in a few short 
weeks an inspirational military leader will retire after serving his country proudly for over three decades. Today I recognize and commend Colonel R. Scott Jarvis for his exceptional 
leadership over those 30 years, most recently as the Deputy Director for Installations and Mission Support, and Command Civil Engineer at Headquarters Air Force Space Command, Peterson Air Force Base, Colorado. 
The son of a career Air Force officer, Colo-
nel Jarvis graduated from Iowa State Univer-sity with a Bachelor of Science degree in Civil Engineering and was commissioned a Civil Engineer officer in the United States Air Force in 1985. Throughout his career, he earned ad-ditional Masters degrees in International Rela-tions, Military Operational Art and Science, and National Security and Strategic Studies. 
An outstanding leader throughout his distin-
guished career, Colonel Jarvis’ service has spanned the country with assignments in North Dakota, Colorado, Hawaii, Idaho, Ala-bama, Rhode Island, and Washington, DC, and stretched across the world with tours in the United Kingdom, Japan, and Germany. He commanded at the squadron and group levels at Mountain Home Air Force Base, Idaho, and Kadena Air Base, Japan, respectively. Addi-tionally, he commanded a 13-person deployed Civic Action Team in the remote location of Chuuk, Micronesia, with politico-military re-sponsibilities. Early in his career, Colonel Jar-vis also deployed to Turkey and northern Iraq as commander of a 19-person well-drilling team supporting Operation PROVIDE COM-FORT I. 
Colonel Jarvis has served at both major 
command and Air Force levels in the program-ming and housing arenas. Most notably, as Chief of the Unaccompanied Housing Program for the Air Force Civil Engineer, he was one of the original architects of the Air Force Dorm Master Plan, which served as the foundation for the Air Force initiative to replace or ren-ovate every dorm in its inventory. The pro-gram vastly improved quality of life for over 70,000 Airmen living in 875 dorms throughout the Air Force. 
Prior to his current assignment, Colonel Jar-
vis served as the Deputy Director for Installa-tions, Logistics, and Mission Support, and Command Civil Engineer, at Headquarters United States Air Forces in Europe, Ramstein Air Base, Germany. In that capacity, he was 
responsible for all civil engineering activities for over 9,000 civil engineer personnel oper-ating and maintaining USAFE’s $15.7 billion physical plant at 10 major installations and nu-merous smaller installations. 
Colonel Jarvis has been recognized for ex-
cellence at all levels in the Air Force, to in-clude accolades at the Squadron, Group and Wing levels. In addition to numerous military decorations, his significant recognition in-cludes the 2008 Air Force Major General Rob-ert H. Curtin Award for Most Outstanding Large Civil Engineer Unit, the 1996 Air Force Civil Engineering Staff Action Officer of the Year, and the 1991 Third Air Force Civil Engi-neering Military Manager of the Year. Addition-ally, Colonel Jarvis was recognized for invalu-able contributions to the engineering profes-sion in 2013, when he was named to the Soci-
ety of American Military Engineers Academy of Fellows. This honor is bestowed to a select few engineers each year for dedication to mentorship and outstanding service to the So-ciety and the military engineering profession. 
Colonel R. Scott Jarvis epitomizes excel-
lence, integrity and commitment to service. He has dedicated his life to serving our nation and advancing the engineering profession. I join my colleagues today in honoring his admi-rable service to our nation and all the Airmen, Sailors, Soldiers, Marines, and civilians who have served alongside him. We offer our heartfelt appreciation to Scott, his wife Meg, and their daughters, Maddie and Lucy, and hearty congratulations on his retirement from the United States Air Force. 
f 
HONORING MRS. ALMA WALTON 
UPON THE OCCASION OF HER 90TH BIRTHDAY 
HON. BRIAN HIGGINS 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, February 24, 2015 
Mr. HIGGINS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor Mrs. Alma Walton upon the joyous oc-casion of her 90th birthday, which was cele-brated with her church family on February 22nd, 2015 at Mt. Zion Church of God Holi-ness in Buffalo, New York. 
Mrs. Walton was born in Lexington, Georgia 
on February 28th, 1925, to her beloved par-ents Mrs. Annie Sue and Mr. Johnny Wymbs. In 1943, she married Thurmond Walton, and the couple settled in Buffalo the same year. Mrs. Walton has five children, three boys and two girls, and is the proud and adored grand-mother of seven. 
A longtime member of Mt. Zion Church of 
God Holiness, Mrs. Walton serves as ‘‘Moth-er’’ of the church, as well as president of the Sick Committee. She is deeply devoted to and valued by her church community, and is known as ‘‘Mother Walton’’ by her fellow mem-bers. Mrs. Walton attends Sunday school faithfully and formerly served as an usher. 
Mrs. Walton is well-known for her generosity 
and spirit. She enjoys sharing her love of gar-dening and cooking, as well as community service. Mrs. Walton makes lap robes for pa-tients at the VA Medical Center, and has vol-unteered at many food pantries in the city of Buffalo. 
Mr. Speaker, it is with great pride that I rise 
today to celebrate the life of Mrs. Alma Wal-ton. I ask my colleagues to join me in wishing Mrs. Walton a very happy birthday and con-gratulate her for reaching this exciting mile-stone. I wish Mrs. Walton and all those who worship with her at Mt. Zion Church of God Holiness all the best for years to come. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Feb 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24FE8.001 E24FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E232 February 24, 2015 
RECOGNIZING FEBRUARY AS NA-
TIONAL MARFAN AWARENESS MONTH 
HON. STEVE ISRAEL 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, February 24, 2015 
Mr. ISRAEL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize February as National Marfan Aware-ness Month with the hope that increased awareness of Marfan syndrome and related heritable connective tissue disorders will save lives. 
Raising awareness of Marfan syndrome, a 
rare genetic condition affecting 1 in 5,000 Americans, is imperative to finding and fund-ing effective treatment. This debilitating condi-tion affects individuals both externally and in-ternally. 
Connective tissue, as a result of the over-
production of a protein called transforming growth factor beta (TGFB), is affected and therefore symptoms manifest throughout the entire body, causing disproportionately long limbs, a protruding or indented chest bone, curved spine, and loose joints. 
Understanding the signs and features of 
Marfan syndrome are important and can save lives. This condition can affect all aspects of a person’s internal structures, most notably their cardiovascular system. Often times, the aorta, the larger artery that carries blood away from the heart, is weakened and prone to enlarge-ment and potential rupture. Because of the ex-cess TGFB, Marfan patients are also at risk of aortic aneurysm. 
However, early diagnosis and treatment can 
help to prevent cardiac events. For this rea-son, I believe States should consider devel-oping programs to include Marfan syndrome testing in their sports screening criteria for at- risk young athletes. 
I am proud to represent the Marfan Founda-
tion, the leading organization working to sup-port the Marfan community, based in Port Washington, New York. Since the group’s in-ception, the Foundation has worked tirelessly to improve the lives of those affected by this condition through advancing research, raising awareness, and providing support over the past two decades. Through their efforts, pa-tient care has improved and lives have been saved. 
I urge my colleagues to stand with me to 
recognize National Marfan Awareness Month and reflect on the progress that has been made as well as the work that remains in order to ensure that those suffering from rare conditions can expect to see improvements in their health and healthcare. 
f 
SARAH GARVEY 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, February 24, 2015 
Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and applaud Sarah Garvey as the West Chamber’s Young Professional of the Year. 
Sarah has served as the president of the 
West Chamber’s Young Professionals Group for the last two years. She has been instru-mental in raising funds for the Chamber’s an-
nual ‘‘Pub Crawl for a Cause’’ and other young professional events. She is also a member of the West Chamber through her company, Shred-It. 
I extend my deepest congratulations to 
Sarah Garvey for her honor by the West Chamber serving Jefferson County. I have no doubt she will exhibit the same commitment to her community in the future. 
f 
LIAM FAIRBRASS APPOINTMENT 
TO UNITED STATES MILITARY ACADEMY 
HON. JODY B. HICE 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, February 24, 2015 
Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, 
I rise today in order to congratulate Mr. Liam Fairbrass on his appointment to the United States Military Academy. 
Mr. Fairbrass is an incredibly accomplished 
young man from Milledgeville, Georgia. Liam is the son of Mark and Emily Fairbrass, and will graduate from the prestigious Georgia Mili-tary College Preparatory School. During his time there, Liam has exhibited dedication to leadership while serving as the High School JRTOC Battalion Rank Commander, the high-est ranking possible at the institution. 
Among his many accolades, Liam also 
showcased academic prowess by his involve-ment with the National Honor Society, the Mu Alpha Theta Society, and served as a student government representative. 
Mr. Speaker, Liam Fairbrass is also a young 
man who is also dedicated to improving his community through service. Liam led fund-raising efforts for the worthy cause of Wreaths Across America, an organization which works with the Georgia War Veterans Memorial in order to lay wreaths on the graves of vet-erans. 
Lastly, Mr. Speaker, I understand that Mr. 
Fairbrass is no stranger to the rigorous work ethic required to be considered as a candidate for the United States Military Academy. With several family members serving as mentors and graduates of the same institution, I am confident that Liam will accomplish his ulti-mate goal of serving his nation as a United States soldier. 
Mr. Speaker, it is my privilege to congratu-
late Mr. Liam Fairbrass. 
f 
IN HONOR OF LIEUTENANT 
RANDALL E. PARKER, JR. 
HON. SANFORD D. BISHOP, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, February 24, 2015 
Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, it is 
with a heavy heart and solemn remembrance that I rise today to pay tribute to a respected public servant, outstanding citizen, and hero to his community, Lt. Randall E. Parker, Jr. Sadly, Lt. Parker passed away in the line of duty on Wednesday, February 11, 2015. Fu-neral services will be held on Monday, Feb-ruary 16, 2015 at 11:00 a.m. at the Macon City Auditorium in Macon, Georgia. Lt. Parker was a native to Georgia and had 
served as a firefighter with the Macon Bibb County Fire Department since July 2, 1990. 
In addition to risking his life everyday to 
fight fires in the area, Lt. Parker was very ac-tive in his community and went above and be-yond to show his love and compassion for those around him. He was heavily involved in his church, Christ Chapel Sportstowne in Macon, and also spent time doing work for United Way, the American Cancer Society, and the Macon Cherry Blossom Festival. He was a loving family man to his wife and sons, and his legacy will live on in the minds and hearts of all those whose lives he touched in Middle Georgia. 
George Washington Carver once said, ‘‘No 
individual has any right to come into the world and go out of it without leaving behind him distinct and legitimate reasons for having passed through it.’’ Although his passing was tragic and before his time, Lt. Parker proved to us all what it truly means to be a hero. He left this world doing what he loved most—serving the people of Macon, Georgia. His impression on this earth extends beyond himself to the very wellbeing of the Macon community, and for it he will be remembered by the community for time to come. 
Lt. Parker is survived by his beloved wife of 
14 years, Sandie; sons, Andrew and Chandler; mother and stepfather, Gwendolyn and Fred Dixon; brother and sister-in-law, Marcus and Teri Parker; and a host of other family mem-bers and friends. 
Mr. Speaker, my wife Vivian and I, along 
with the more than 700,000 residents of Geor-gia’s Second Congressional District salute Lt. Randall E. Parker, Jr. for his exemplary serv-ice to Macon, Georgia as a firefighter and for the ultimate sacrifice he made in the line of duty. I ask my colleagues in the House of Representatives to join us in extending our deepest sympathies to Lt. Parker’s family, friends and loved ones during this difficult time. We pray that they will be consoled and comforted by an abiding faith and the Holy Spirit in the days, weeks and months ahead. 
f 
NAACP ON ITS 106TH 
ANNIVERSARY 
HON. BARBARA LEE 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, February 24, 2015 
Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, first, let me thank 
Congressman A LGREEN , who served as presi-
dent of the Houston Branch of the NAACP for more than 10 years, for hosting this important Special Order. We appreciate your leadership in coordinating this special order to honor the 106th Anniversary of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP). 
More than a century ago, the National Asso-
ciation for the Advancement of Colored People was founded in New York City. The month was February and would later come to mark Black History Month. 
As a child of the Civil Rights Movement, I 
witnessed firsthand the leadership of the NAACP in fight for human rights. I vividly re-member the role the NAACP played in shat-tering segregation in my birthplace of El Paso, Texas and in my personal life. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Feb 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K24FE8.004 E24FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E233 February 24, 2015 
When I was in high school, it was nearly im-
possible for young women of color to become cheerleaders. At the time, I was participating in a work-study program at Pacoima Memorial Lutheran Credit Union and my boss, John Mance, was a member of the local NAACP Board. Together, he and Carl McCraven, the CEO of the credit union, worked to change the rules so anyone should try out to be a cheer-leader. Thanks to them, I was able to cheer for the Tigers! 
We all know their great contributions that 
the NAACP has made to our nation: 
From their largest legal victory in Brown vs. 
the Board of Education, under the leadership of Special Counsel Thurgood Marshall—to their central role in the successful battles to overturn Jim Crow. 
Today, the nation’s oldest and largest civil 
rights organization continues to engage in groundbreaking and critical work to combat disparity and inequality in our society. 
Today, they boldly stand against repressive 
voter ID laws, economic inequality and mass incarceration. 
We know that inequality persists—the un-
employment rate among African Americans is nearly twice the rate of their white counter-parts and the African American poverty rate is nearly three times the poverty rate of white Americans. 
These statistics paint a clear picture of in-
equality in America. 
The American dream of equality, freedom, 
liberty, justice and opportunity should be open to all and the NAACP is working day-in and day-out to ensure that all Americans have an opportunity to achieve the American dream. 
I am proud that the NAACP has been a 
dedicated and constant partner and advocate. 
I am proud to join my colleagues in hon-
oring the NAACP’s 106th anniversary. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to sup-
port this resolution. 
f 
EVANGELINE BEST 
HON. KATHY CASTOR 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, February 24, 2015 
Ms. CASTOR of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I am 
honored to recognize the outstanding and in-valuable contributions of African Americans during Black History Month and all year long. I am proud to pay tribute to African American men and women who exemplify the spirit of selfless and patriotic service. 
I rise today to pay tribute to a truly gifted 
leader of the Tampa Bay community, Evan-geline Best. Her boundless energy and unending civic engagement are an inspiration to all. Today, I am grateful to recognize her in-numerable contributions to Hillsborough Coun-ty. 
Evangeline Best is a native Floridian who 
was raised in Tampa. She earned a Bach-elor’s degree from St. Augustine’s College in Raleigh, North Carolina and a Masters in Edu-cation at Florida A&M University. Ms. Best has been a tireless advocate for community devel-opment and education as a means of ending poverty. Ms. Best’s impressive career in edu-cation began in Tampa where she worked for over 27 years as a Family Services Worker for Hillsborough County Schools and completed the last 5 years as the Family Services Coor-
dinator. 
Beyond Ms. Best’s professional career, she 
also committed her personal life to the better-ment of her neighbors in Hillsborough County. She served as Chairman of the East Tampa School Community Partnership as well as Vice Chairwoman of the Heart of East Tamp-Front Porch, Inc. Both are organizations critical to the success of East Tampa and Hillsborough County. Currently she serves on a number of vital committees including Vice Chair of the Corporation to Develop Communities in Tampa, Inc., and as a member of the Board of Directors with the West Central Florida Area Aging Advisory Committee, as well as a mem-ber of the Florida State Fair Diversity Com-mittee. She also volunteers weekly with the Abe Brown Ministries Family Reunification Video Visitation Program and is a consultant for REACH UP, Inc. 
Given her outstanding efforts, Ms. Best has 
received a number of honors and awards in-cluding the 2010 Bank of America ‘‘Volunteer Hero Award’’, the 2005 National Head Start Association ‘‘Lifetime Achievement Award’’, and the 2005 Neighborhood Works New Hori-zons ‘‘Dorothy Richardson Award’’ for Com-munity Leadership and Commitment Revital-ization America’s Neighborhoods. Her accom-plishments include 50 years of community in-
volvement as a member of the First Baptist Church of College Hill, the Tampa Urban League, as well as the Hillsborough Educators Association. 
Mr. Speaker, Ms. Best’s diligent and unre-
lenting service has made my Tampa Bay com-munity a better place to live—one filled with more hope and opportunities because of her attention and love for others. She has set an example of how to be a devoted public serv-ant, mother, and friend. Please join me in celebrating her outstanding efforts to make this world a better place. 
f 
GLYN AND ALAN MASI 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, February 24, 2015 
Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and applaud the West Chamber’s Ambassadors of the Year, Glyn and Alan Masi, for their outstanding commit-ment to the local community. 
Glyn and Alan own Ticker Tuners, a local 
business in Morrison with a mission they are both passionate about: helping people identify, treat and monitor their heart health. In addi-tion, Glyn and Alan attend every ribbon cut-ting, open house or other event where help is needed and involve West Chamber members and local businesses. 
I extend my deepest congratulations to Glyn 
and Alan Masi for the honor by the West Chamber serving Jefferson County. I have no doubt they will exhibit the same commitment to their community in the future. RECOGNIZING THE 149TH ANNIVER-
SARY OF ANTIOCH MISSIONARY BAPTIST CHURCH IN HOUSTON, TEXAS 
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, February 24, 2015 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to 
pay tribute to the legendary Antioch Mis-sionary Baptist Church in Houston, Texas, which this year celebrates 149 years of serv-ice to the greater Houston community and the nation. 
For more than a half century, under the 
leadership of the Rev. F.N. Williams, Sr., the Antioch Missionary Baptist Church, now led by Rev. O.B. Winkley, has provided material sup-port and spiritual sanctuary to the least of God’s children and used the prophetic voice of the church to speak truth to power. 
Mr. Speaker, in January 1866, seven 
months after slaves were freed in Texas (June 19, 1865), a small group of freed slaves, as-sisted by the First Baptist Church and mission-aries, organized the first African American Baptist Church in Houston, Texas. 
After holding worship services at the First 
Baptist Church and the German Baptist Church, church members began to hold serv-ices on Buffalo Bayou in ‘‘Brush Arbor.’’ 
Later, the church moved to ‘‘Baptist Hill’’ lo-
cated at Rusk and Bagby until the present site was purchased. 
In 1868, one of Antioch Missionary Baptist 
Church’s members, Jack Yates, was ordained at the first meeting of the Association of Afri-can American Baptist Churches. 
Rev. Jack Yates became the first pastor of 
Antioch Missionary Baptist Church and as the membership grew and additional space was needed, Rev. Yates led the church to pur-chase its present site and build a brick struc-ture. 
Antioch Missionary Baptist Church’s new 
home was the first brick structure built and owned by African-Americans in Houston, and was located in the center of Freedman’s Town and was the center of activity for the African- American community. 
Antioch Missionary Baptist Church provided 
the former slaves with opportunities to worship the Lord, but also established ministries to help them develop educationally, economically and socially. 
With the help of two missionaries, Rev. 
Yates began the Baptist Academy, which taught such fundamental skills as reading, writing, and arithmetic, and provided voca-tional training to enable men and women to start their own businesses. 
Mr. Speaker, Baptist Academy would later 
become Houston College, the forerunner of Texas Southern University. 
Under Rev. Yates’ leadership, church mem-
bers were encouraged and assisted in buying property, owning homes, and developing busi-nesses. 
The Old Landmark Baptist Association of 
Texas was organized at Antioch and Emanci-pation Park was purchased in a joint venture with Trinity Methodist Church to provide green space to engage in recreational activities and hold community celebrations, such as Juneteenth. 
Mr. Speaker, I take great pride in recog-
nizing the Antioch Missionary Baptist Church 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Feb 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A24FE8.003 E24FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E234 February 24, 2015 
and the Rev. O.B. Winkley on the occasion of 
its 149th Anniversary and its nearly century and half of service to the Houston community. 
f 
HONORING WORLD WAR II 
VETERAN WARREN S. PAYNE, SR. 
HON. CHRIS COLLINS 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, February 24, 2015 
Mr. COLLINS of New York. Mr. Speaker, 
today, I rise to honor Warren Payne Sr., a World War II veteran whose service to our country and love for his family embody the values of the Greatest Generation. 
Mr. Payne was born in Niagara Falls in 
1921 and enlisted in the U.S. Army Air Corps in August of 1942. He served in the European Theater of Operations with the 452nd Bomb Group, participating in the air campaign to fight for our nation’s freedom. In July 1944, his bomber crashed while on a mission over Ger-many, and he and his crew became prisoners of war. Following a long, forced march in the snow, he and his fellow servicemen were fi-nally freed in April 1945. 
After he returned home from the war, Mr. 
Payne decided to join the family business, Payne’s Hardware and Floor Covering. He ran this business in Niagara Falls for 50 years until his retirement in 1997. He is remembered by his family and friends for his kindness and generosity and was an active volunteer at St. Mary of the Cataract Church in Niagara Falls. 
Warren passed away on July 7, 2007, sur-
vived by Grace, his wife of 61 years, 11 chil-dren—Warren Jr., William, John, James, Mi-chael, Suzanne, Michele, Tricia, Christine, Laurie, and Caroline—31 grandchildren, and 18 great-grandchildren. 
I am proud to honor a veteran, small busi-
nessman, and hero from New York’s 27th dis-trict. 
f 
HONORING 1ST SERGEANT 
RICHARD PINTER 
HON. THOMAS MacARTHUR 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, February 24, 2015 
Mr. M ACARTHUR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to honor 1st Sergeant Richard Pinter of New Jersey’s Third Congressional District, and to express my deepest condolences to his family and friends. 
Sgt. Pinter served our country as a 1st Ser-
geant in the Army and is well known in our district as the ‘‘Lone Bugler’’ for honoring fall-en soldiers and veterans at their funerals. Sgt. Pinter served as a bugler in the Army for thir-ty-eight years and eventually rose to the posi-tion of Commander and Enlisted Bandleader of the 267th Army Band in Philadelphia. 
Sgt. Pinter has also given much of his time 
to his community as an active member of the American Legion of Bordentown Township, Association of the National Guard, Vietnam Veterans Association and the American Hun-garian Civic Association. Mr. Speaker, the people of New Jersey’s 
Third Congressional District are tremendously grateful for Sgt. Richard Pinter’s service to our nation and unique place in our district’s cul-ture. It is my honor to recognize his life and achievements before the United States House of Representatives. May he rest in peace. 
f 
INTRODUCING THE AFRICAN DE-
SCENT AFFAIRS ACT IN REC-OGNITION OF THE INTER-NATIONAL DECADE FOR PEOPLE OF AFRICAN DESCENT 
HON. ALCEE L. HASTINGS 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, February 24, 2015 
Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
introduce a bill recognizing persons of African descent and to support a resolution authored by my colleague Representative H
ANK JOHN-
SON to commemorate the start of the Inter-
national Decade for People of African De-scent. 
As our country fights to realize justice for 
Eric Garner, Tamir Rice, Aiyana Jones, John Warner, Trayvon Martin, Michael Brown, and many others, we must not forget the names— Stephen Lawrence, Oury Jalloh, Mark 
Duggan, Zyed Benna, Bouna Traore and many others who are victims of similar injus-tices in Europe and elsewhere around the world. 
The International Decade provides an op-
portunity to join efforts with countries across the globe to, over the next decade, develop and implement national strategies honoring the vast contributions of people of African De-scent, and to combat continuing issues of prej-udice and discrimination such as those cur-rently gripping our nation. To aid these efforts, I am proud to support Representative J
OHN-
SON’s resolution commemorating the Inter-
national Decade. 
I have also introduced the African Descent 
Affairs Act. The Act to improve the situation of people of African descent around the world, by establishing a Global Office of African Descent Affairs within the U.S. State Department that would implement strategies for people of Afri-can descent; create a ‘‘President Obama Fund’’ to support anti-discrimination and em-powerment efforts by African descent led civil society organizations; and require that the An-nual State Department Human Rights Reports include a section on discrimination faced by people of African descent. U.S. foreign policy strategies such as these have improved the situation of vulnerable groups internationally. Furthermore, it would greatly assist in re-sponding to the increasing levels of prejudice and discrimination faced by people of African descent around the globe. 
Mr. Speaker, the International Decade reaf-
firms the importance of inclusion, as well as full and equal participation of people of African descent around the world in all aspects of po-litical, economic, social, and cultural life. I en-courage my colleagues to join me in recog-nizing and celebrating the collective history and achievements made by people of African descent on the occasion of the launch of the International Decade by supporting this impor-tant resolution. ROCKLEY MUSIC CENTER 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, February 24, 2015 
Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and applaud the Rockley Family for their outstanding service and com-mitment to their community with their busi-ness, the Rockley Music Center. 
Founded in 1946 at Colfax and Wadsworth, 
Melvin and Mildred Rockley, the first genera-tion, began selling print music, record players, band and orchestral instruments, along with washers, dryers and other appliances. The business was passed on to Melvin’s son Bob and his wife Nina in the 1960s at which time the business was expanded and added teach-ing studios. In the 1980s, the third generation, Tobin and Robin, joined the business. 
Today the center includes a foundation run 
by Tobin and his wife Diane. Over the years, the Rockley Family has become a Lakewood icon. It is for their ongoing support of the com-munity, Colfax BID and the Jefferson County Public Schools that the Rockley Family and the Rockley Music Center is a deserving re-cipient of the Steve Burkholder Diamond Leg-acy Award. 
I extend my deepest congratulations to the 
Rockley Family for their honor by the West Chamber serving Jefferson County. I have no doubt the Rockley Family will exhibit the same dedication and service in all future accom-plishments. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. ERIC SWALWELL 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, February 24, 2015 
Mr. SWALWELL of California. Mr. Speaker, 
I was unable to be present for votes taken on Thursday, February 12, and Friday, February 13, because I was traveling with the President and participating in a forum on cybersecurity. Had I been present, I would have voted as fol-lows: 
Roll Call Vote Number 77 (Previous Ques-
tion Motion on H. Res. 101): No 
Roll Call Vote Number 78 (Passage of H. 
Res. 101): No 
Roll Call Vote Number 79 (Motion to Re-
commit H.R. 644, the America Gives More Act of 2015): Yes 
Roll Call Vote Number 80 (Passage of H.R. 
644, the America Gives More Act of 2015): Yes 
Roll Call Vote Number 81 (Motion to Re-
commit H.R. 636, the America’s Small Busi-ness Tax Relief Act of 2015): Yes 
Roll Call Vote Number 82 (Passage of H.R. 
636, the America’s Small Business Tax Relief Act of 2015): No 
Roll Call Vote Number 83 (Approving of the 
Journal): Yes 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Feb 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24FE8.005 E24FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E235 February 24, 2015 
REMEMBERING MR. HOWARD 
CALVIN EDWARDS 
HON. JOHN LEWIS 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, February 24, 2015 
Mr. LEWIS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in 
memory of Howard Calvin Edwards. Mr. Edwards served his country in the United States Army, was respected in his community, and dedicated his life to his family. 
Mr. Edwards was born on April 24, 1928, 
the youngest of John and Cora Edwards’ 10 children, and he grew up in Woodland, North Carolina. He loved everything about school and thrived as a student and an athlete. He played basketball and ran track, but he found the most success on the football gridiron. 
Mr. Edwards continued his education at Vir-
ginia State University and Howard University. A proud soldier, Mr. Edwards served his coun-try in the United States Army and loved the experience of traveling the world. After com-pleting his tour, he relocated to the Wash-ington, DC, area to be near to his older sister, Mabel. It was here that he met his wife, Mary, who was one of his sister’s best customers. Their love story was one for the ages. He suc-ceeded in his tireless pursuit to earn her hand in marriage, and their 53 years of marriage produced three children, Kenny, Robert, and Yvette. 
Mr. Edwards retired after many years of 
working as a guard at the National Gallery of Art here in Washington. He also worked for several years in security at the YWCA. He will be remembered within the community as a man of great dignity and generosity to all who had a need. In his signature hat and tie, he stood tall, walked straight, and greeted every-one with a broad smile and the love of God. He passed from this life on February 10, 2015 at age 86. 
I offer my sincerest condolences to Mr. 
Edwards’ beloved wife, Mary Edwards; his son, Bobby; three grandchildren; three great- grandchildren; his nieces and nephews; and a host of friends and neighbors. They are all in my thoughts during this very difficult time. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE AND SERVICE 
OF COL. JOHN G. CHIARELLA, SR. 
HON. ELIZABETH H. ESTY 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, February 24, 2015 
Ms. ESTY. Mr. Speaker, last weekend, the 
State of Connecticut lost one of its great sons with the passing of Col. John G. Chiarella, Sr., a veteran from Waterbury who continued to serve his nation, state and community long after his military career ended. 
Col. Chiarella entered the United States 
Army in 1950 and was deployed to Korea in October 1952. He became a Reservist in 1953 and was called back to active duty during the Berlin Crisis. He achieved the rank of colonel in 1975 and retired from the military after 34 years of exemplary service. 
When he returned to his hometown of Wa-
terbury, Col. Chiarella dedicated himself to the community he loved. Reflecting his commit-ment to all who have served in the Armed Forces, ‘‘the Colonel,’’ as everyone knew him, 
led the Waterbury Veterans Memorial Com-mittee for over 25 years. As chairman, he helped countless veterans and their families receive the services, benefits, and recognition they deserved. 
In 2011, John Chiarella was inducted into 
the Connecticut Veterans Hall of Fame, in rec-ognition of his extraordinary commitment to his fellow veterans, as well as his dedication to fu-ture generations, which he demonstrated by establishing patriotic programs for school chil-dren. 
Col. Chiarella was also a devoted family 
man. He loved his late wife, Ann—who he called ‘‘the General’’—with all of his heart. They were married for 59 years before her death in 2011. He and Ann raised a beautiful family with three sons, and seven grand-children. 
I had the great fortune to know Col. 
Chiarella and call him my friend. His warm heart, wonderful sense of humor, infectious smile, and love of life touched all who knew him. He truly left the world a better place. 
Col. Chiarella’s life embodied the spirit of 
civic engagement that strengthens our com-munities, and makes our country a better place. His contributions to the City of Water-bury, the State of Connecticut, and to the United States will not be forgotten. 
Colonel, we love you and miss you. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF THE DISTRICT 
OF COLUMBIA LOCAL PROS-ECUTOR ESTABLISHMENT ACT OF 2015 
HON. ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON 
OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, February 24, 2015 
Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, today, I intro-
duce the District of Columbia Local Prosecutor Establishment Act of 2015, to give District of Columbia residents another element of the self-government enjoyed by all other American citizens. The bill would establish a local pros-ecutor’s office designated under local law, to prosecute all local crimes in the District. Under the Home Rule Act, the U.S. Attorney’s Office for the District of Columbia, a federal entity, is responsible for prosecuting most local crimes here, the greater part of its caseload, in addi-tion to prosecuting federal crimes. This bill is special because it effectuates a 2002 advisory referendum, approved by 82 percent of D.C. voters, to create a local prosecutor’s office. 
There is no law enforcement issue of great-
er importance to D.C. residents on which they have less say than the prosecution of local crimes here. A U.S. Attorney has no business prosecuting the local crimes of a jurisdiction, an anachronism that is out of place in any American self-governing jurisdiction. The goal of the legislation is to give the District the same jurisdiction over the criminal justice mat-ters that state and local jurisdictions justifiably regard as mandatory. The U.S. Attorney for the District of Columbia would continue to handle federal matters, like the other U.S. At-torneys in our country. As presently con-stituted, the U.S. Attorney’s Office for the Dis-trict of Columbia is the largest in the country, only because it also serves as the local city prosecutor. The U.S. Attorney for the District of Columbia needs to be freed up to handle 
national security and other vital federal cases, particularly in the post-9/11 nation’s capital. 
Amending the Home Rule Act to create a 
local prosecutor would be an important step toward our goal of achieving true self-govern-ment. I urge my colleagues to support this im-portant measure. 
f 
DR. KELLY JACKSON CONDON 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, February 24, 2015 
Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and applaud the West Chamber’s Woman-Owned Business of the Year, Table Mountain Vision, for their out-standing service to the local community. 
For the last 17 years, Dr. Kelly Jackson 
Condon has operated Table Mountain Vision and provided the finest vision care experience in Golden. In addition, Dr. Jackson Condon is very involved in the local community, and has served on various boards and committees in-cluding: Leadership Golden; Downtown Mer-chants; The Original Shopping Districts; and numerous others. Dr. Jackson Condon was also elected as chair of the Golden Chamber of Commerce in 2004 and again in 2009. 
I extend my deepest congratulations to 
Table Mountain Vision for the honor by the West Chamber serving Jefferson County. I have no doubt Table Mountain Vision will ex-hibit the same service and dedication in all fu-ture accomplishments. 
f 
HONORING MS. MAURA BREEN 
HON. NITA M. LOWEY 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, February 24, 2015 
Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor Ms. Maura Breen, who is retiring from her position as Chairwoman of the Crohn’s and Colitis Foundation of America (CCFA). 
Ms. Breen has had a remarkable tenure as 
Chairwoman of CCFA. Using her extensive experience in the areas of innovation and business development, she has lead CCFA as it improved access to treatments for inflam-matory bowel disease (IBD)—the collective terms for Crohn’s disease and Ulcerative Coli-tis—and mobilized patient advocates across the country to raise awareness of IBD. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to applaud Ms. 
Maura Breen for her lifelong dedication to im-proving the lives of so many people affected by IBD. I urge my colleagues to join me in congratulating her for her tremendous leader-ship and exemplary efforts as Chair of CCFA, and wish her success in her future endeavors. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. TAMMY DUCKWORTH 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, February 24, 2015 
Ms. DUCKWORTH. Mr. Speaker, on Feb-
ruary 10, 2015, on Roll Call #69 on the Motion 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Feb 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A24FE8.010 E24FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E236 February 24, 2015 
to Suspend the Rules and Pass H.R. 719— 
TSA Office of Inspection Accountability Act of 2015, I am not recorded because I was absent for medical reasons. Had I been present, I would have voted YEA. 
On February 10, 2015, on Roll Call #70 on 
the Motion to Suspend the Rules and Pass H.R. 720—Gerardo Hernandez Airport Secu-rity Act of 2015, I am not recorded because I was absent for medical reasons. Had I been present, I would have voted YEA. 
On February 11, 2015, on Roll Call #71 on 
Ordering the Previous Question for H. Res. 100, I am not recorded because I was absent for medical reasons. Had I been present, I would have voted NAY. 
On February 11, 2015, on Roll Call #72 on 
H. Res. 100, Providing for consideration of S. 1, the Keystone XL Pipeline Approval Act, I am not recorded because I was absent for medical reasons. Had I been present, I would have voted NAY. 
On February 11, 2015, on Roll Call #74 on 
the Democratic Motion to Commit S. 1, I am not recorded because I was absent for med-ical reasons. Had I been present, I would have voted YEA. 
On February 11, 2015, on Roll Call #75 on 
Passage of S. 1—Keystone XL Pipeline Ap-proval Act, I am not recorded because I was absent for medical reasons. Had I been present, I would have voted NAY. 
On February 11, 2015, on Roll Call #76 on 
the Motion to Suspend the Rules and Pass H.R. 431—To award a Congressional Gold Medal to the Foot Soldiers who participated in Bloody Sunday, Turnaround Tuesday, or the final Selma to Montgomery Voting Rights March in March of 1965, which served as a catalyst for the Voting Rights Act of 1965, I am not recorded because I was absent for medical reasons. Had I been present, I would have voted YEA. 
On February 12, 2015, on Roll Call #77 on 
Ordering the Previous Question for H. Res. 101, I am not recorded because I was absent for medical reasons. Had I been present, I would have voted NAY. 
On February 12, 2015, on Roll Call #78 on 
H. Res. 101, Providing for consideration of H.R. 644, the Fighting Hunger Incentive Act of 2015 and H.R. 636, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend increased expensing limitations, I am not re-corded because I was absent for medical rea-sons. Had I been present, I would have voted NAY. 
On February 12, 2015, on Roll Call #79 on 
the Democratic Motion to Recommit H.R. 644, I am not recorded because I was absent for medical reasons. Had I been present, I would have voted YEA. 
On February 12, 2015, on Roll Call #80 on 
Passage of H.R. 644—Fighting Hunger Incen-tive Act, I am not recorded because I was ab-sent for medical reasons. Had I been present, I would have voted NAY. 
On February 13, 2015, on Roll Call #81 on 
the Democratic Motion to Recommit H.R. 636, I am not recorded because I was absent for medical reasons. Had I been present, I would have voted YEA. 
On February 13, 2015, on Roll Call #82 on 
Passage of H.R. 636—America’s Small Busi-ness Tax Relief Act of 2015, I am not re-corded because I was absent for medical rea-sons. Had I been present, I would have voted NAY. DESIGNATION OF FEBRUARY 19, 
2015 AS NATIONAL ANTHRO-POLOGY DAY 
HON. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, February 24, 2015 
Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to support the des-ignation of February 19, 2015 as National An-thropology Day. Throughout the third week of February, but particularly on the 19th, anthro-pological societies, museums, and student clubs in more than 100 American cities will celebrate the anthropology’s contributions to advancing understanding of the human condi-tion and applying this understanding to ad-dressing some of the world’s most pressing problems. 
The American Anthropological Association, 
together with the Archaeological Institute of America and American Association of Physical Anthropologists, represent a combined total of more than 200,000 members, and will lead in a host of public educational activities to dem-onstrate the ways in which anthropology pro-duces a body of facts about how we identify ourselves and create communities, beliefs, cultures, and how we can live sustainably in our natural and built environments. 
Anthropology teaches respect for cultural 
differences—a sensibility that is crucial in to-day’s increasingly mobile and interconnected world. The field of knowledge contributes to the well-being of humanity in nearly every facet of our lives, including, promoting health and strengthening health care delivery sys-tems, developing appropriate technology that meets individual and societal needs, under-standing and preserving the past to help us face collective future challenges, identifying best practices in education, environmental and cultural resource protection, and preservation of our diverse linguistic heritage, and cele-brating our nation’s ethnic, racial, and cultural diversity. 
As lawmakers, we must do all we can to 
support these efforts. I am proud to join with communities across the country in recognizing February 19th as National Anthropology Day. 
f 
HONORING BOSMA ENTERPRISES 
OF CENTRAL INDIANA 
HON. TODD C. YOUNG 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, February 24, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor the great work of Bosma Enter-prises as they celebrate their 100th anniver-sary. For the past century, Bosma Enterprises has been dedicated to creating opportunities for people who are blind or visually impaired across the great state of Indiana. Located in Indianapolis, Bosma Enterprises’ commitment has made a difference in the lives of thou-sands of Hoosiers, showing them how to live life to its fullest. 
The loss of one’s eyesight is a significant 
disability that impacts the lives of more than 140,000 Hoosiers and over 6 million individ-uals nationwide. Since 1915, Bosma Enter-prises has continued to provide hope to those who are blind or visually impaired by showing 
them that vision loss does not have to mean a loss of independence. They have done this by providing blind or visually impaired individ-uals with job training, employment services, rehabilitation programs, and outreach pro-grams, empowering those Hoosiers to reach their own personal goals while giving them the tools to live independently. 
Over the last 100 years, Bosma Enterprises 
has been able to change the lives of many by helping them navigate the complexities of find-ing meaningful employment, teaching critical daily living skills, and working to fight the 70 percent unemployment rate for people who are blind or visually impaired. I hope the entire House of Representatives will join me in con-gratulating Bosma Enterprises on their monu-mental milestone. 
f 
RACHEL GRACE HULTIN 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, February 24, 2015 
Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and applaud Rachel Grace Hultin for receiving the 2014 Wheat Ridge City Council Partnership Award. 
The Wheat Ridge City Council Partnership 
Award recognizes a company or individual for their overall contributions to the City. It incor-porates business achievements as well as contributions in volunteerism, leadership, and community investment and involvement. 
Rachel Grace Hultin is very active in the 
Wheat Ridge community with an emphasis on health and wellness. She was instrumental in leading the charge to have Wheat Ridge des-
ignated as a Healthy Eating Active Living (HEAL) city. In addition Rachel leads the Ac-tive Transportation Advisory Team. This group was formed to provide citizen input to the Wheat Ridge City Council in order to create a community which encourages citizens to par-ticipate in physical activity by making it safer to walk and bicycle to local merchants. 
I extend my deepest congratulations to Ra-
chel Grace Hultin for this well-deserved rec-ognition by the City of Wheat Ridge and the Wheat Ridge Business Association. Thank you for your dedication to the health and wellness of the citizens of Wheat Ridge, Colorado. 
f 
100TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE 
KNOXVILLE KERBELA SHRINERS 
HON. JOHN J. DUNCAN, JR. 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, February 24, 2015 
Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, 
one of the things that make the U.S. the great-est country in the world is volunteerism. 
No other country in the world has as many 
civic and charitable groups doing volunteer work like the United States. 
The government could not come close to re-
placing the hundreds of billions of dollars in work done by these organizations, and one of the most respected charitable groups in the U.S. is the Shrine. 
I have been fortunate to be a member of the 
Kerbela Shrine Temple in Knoxville for ap-proximately 40 years. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Feb 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A24FE8.014 E24FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E237 February 24, 2015 
The Kerbela Shrine Temple recently cele-
brated its 100th Anniversary on February 18, 2015. 
For the past century, this group has touched 
the lives of needy children in my District in many positive ways. 
On Thanksgiving Day 1950, the Knoxville 
Kerbela Shriners began a paper sale to ben-efit the East Tennessee Crippled Children’s Fund, raising $19,000 the first year. 
Over the next 75 years, with the help of the 
Blue Lodge Masons, the Kerbela Shrine Tem-ple raised $13 million for handicapped and burned children through this one tradition. 
Mr. Speaker, even in a state known for its 
Volunteers, the Kerbela Shriners stand out as an example of community service and charity. I call this important work to the attention of my Colleagues and other readers of the R
ECORD  
and wish them a happy 100th anniversary and many more years of success in serving our community. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. ANNA G. ESHOO 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, February 24, 2015 
Ms. ESHOO. Mr. Speaker, I was not 
present during roll call vote numbers 77, 78, 79, and 80 on February 12, 2015, and roll call vote numbers 81, 82, and 83 on February 13, 2015, because I was participating in a cyber-security summit with the President in my Con-gressional District. 
I would like to reflect how I would have 
voted: 
On roll call vote no. 77 I would have voted 
NO. 
On roll call vote no. 78 I would have voted 
NO. 
On roll call vote no. 79 I would have voted 
YES. 
On roll call vote no. 80 I would have voted 
NO. 
On roll call vote no. 81 I would have voted 
YES. 
On roll call vote no. 82 I would have voted 
NO. 
On roll call vote no. 83 I would have voted 
YES. 
f 
CALLING UPON HOUSE LEADER-
SHIP TO PASS CLEAN DHS FUND-ING BILL 
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, February 24, 2015 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, our 
hearts and prayers are with the victims of the Metrolink train crash that took place this early morning in Oxnard, California. 
As of right now, there are no confirmed cas-
ualties and I pray that it stays that way and all of the injured have a speedy recovery. 
I also wish to commend the first responders 
who arrived at the scene so rapidly to treat the victims of the crash. 
The nation can be proud of the first re-
sponders at the local, state, and federal level who selflessly answer the call to service and risk their lives to keep us safe. Mr. Speaker, first responders ask little in re-
turn for the risks they willingly incur. 
All they ask is that we support them and 
provide them the resources needed to protect the homeland. 
That is why it is absolutely critical that 
Speaker B
OEHNER bring to the floor imme-
diately a clean Homeland Security funding bill. 
House Republicans should stop risking the 
security of the homeland to appease the Tea Party extremist wing of their conference. 
Mr. Speaker, there are only 4 days remain-
ing until funding for the Department of Home-land Security runs out. 
If House Republicans were to let that hap-
pen, DHS would be required to shut down much of the homeland security infrastructure put in place in the aftermath of the 9/11 ter-rorist attacks. 
Although some DHS employees would con-
tinue to work in the event of a shutdown, they would be forced to do so without pay, creating significant disruptions and dealing a blow to morale. 
Among those who would be expected to 
protect Americans without getting paid would be: 
1. More than 40,000 Border Patrol agents 
and Customs and Border Protection officers; 
2. More than 50,000 TSA aviation security 
screeners; 
3. More than 13,000 Immigration and Cus-
toms Enforcement law enforcement agents and officers; 
4. More than 40,000 active duty Coast 
Guard military members; 
5. More than 4,000 Secret Service law en-
forcement agents and officers. 
Mr. Speaker, it is time for House Repub-
licans to stop politicizing the funding of this most essential function of the federal govern-ment and bring to the floor for debate and passage of a clean DHS funding bill so that we can keep our homeland safe. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE 60TH ANNIVER-
SARY OF ROLLING MEADOWS, IL-LINOIS 
HON. PETER J. ROSKAM 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, February 24, 2015 
Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
commemorate the 60th anniversary of the in-corporation of Rolling Meadows, Illinois. 
From its early origins, Rolling Meadows has 
been a model for other cities and towns to fol-low, through its continued dedication to build-ing a friendly and welcoming community for residents and visitors alike. 
In the years since its founding in 1955 by 
Orrin Ford, Rolling Meadows has become a center of culture and commerce, serving as a home to families, businesses, professionals, churches and organizations that have made this a vibrant and thriving community. Over the years, Rolling Meadows has developed a well- deserved reputation as a wonderful place to live, work and raise a family. 
Rolling Meadows has a lasting legacy of 
service and prosperity. On this special occa-sion, in addition to celebrating the incorpora-tion of their town, the community will also be honoring 60 original residents and two local businesses that have operated for the entirety of the last 60 years. This impressive milestone 
is a testament to the strong foundation built at Rolling Meadows’ founding and maintained still today. 
Mr. Speaker and Distinguished Colleagues, 
please join me in recognizing the 60th anni-versary of the incorporation of Rolling Mead-ows, Illinois and wishing her residents a very successful year ahead. 
f 
KAISER PERMANENTE COLORADO 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, February 24, 2015 
Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and applaud Kaiser Permanente Colorado for their outstanding service and commitment to the community. 
Kaiser Permanente Colorado is the state’s 
largest nonprofit health plan, proudly working to improve the lives and health of Colorado residents for more than 45 years. As one of the largest businesses in our community, Kai-ser Permanente Colorado provides com-prehensive health care services to 630,000 members through 29 medical offices and a network of affiliated hospitals and physicians. 
I extend my deepest congratulations to Kai-
ser Permanente Colorado for their honor by the West Chamber serving Jefferson County. I have no doubt they will exhibit the same commitment to healthcare and service to resi-dents in the future. 
f 
SUTTON NORRIS APPOINTMENT TO 
UNITED STATES MILITARY ACADEMY 
HON. JODY B. HICE 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, February 24, 2015 
Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, 
I rise today in order to congratulate Mr. Sutton Norris on his appointment to the United States Military Academy. 
Mr. Norris is an incredibly accomplished 
young man from Athens, Georgia. Sutton is the son of Tab and Elizabeth Norris, and will graduate from the prestigious Prince Avenue Christian School. During his time there, Sutton has exhibited his dedication to leadership while attending the Summer Leadership Expe-rience at USMA and was awarded the Out-standing Leader Award. 
Among his many accolades, Sutton also 
showcased academic prowess while serving as the president of the National Honor Society and the National Junior Honor Society. 
Mr. Speaker, Sutton Norris is also a young 
man who is also is dedicated to improving his community through service. Sutton organized Prince Avenue Christian School’s initial partici-pation in Relay for Life, an organization dedi-cated to raising awareness about cancer and funds to combat the disease. 
Lastly, Mr. Speaker, I understand that Mr. 
Norris is no stranger to the rigorous work ethic required to be considered as a candidate for the United States Military Academy. With sev-eral family members serving in different branches of the armed services, I am con-fident that Sutton will accomplish his ultimate 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Feb 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A24FE8.017 E24FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E238 February 24, 2015 
goal of serving his nation as a United States 
soldier. 
Mr. Speaker, it is my privilege to congratu-
late Mr. Sutton Norris. 
f 
LEW WILLIAMS 
HON. KATHY CASTOR 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, February 24, 2015 
Ms. CASTOR of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I am 
honored to recognize the outstanding and in-valuable contributions of African Americans during Black History Month and all year long. I am proud to pay tribute to African American men and women who exemplify the spirit of selfless and patriotic service. 
I rise today to honor the life of a true cham-
pion of education, Lew Williams. His 36-year career in public service and his tireless efforts to improve the lives of children will be remem-bered forever. Born in Baker County, Georgia, Mr. Williams grew up in poverty and knew education was his ticket to a better life. He earned his Bachelor’s Degree from Allen Uni-versity in Columbia, South Carolina and his Masters Degree from South Carolina State University. He married his beloved wife, Arthurene Sims and they had two children: Brandi, a literacy specialist at Melrose Ele-mentary, and Brandon, a student at Stetson University College of Law. 
In 1970, Mr. Williams began his career in 
education as a social studies teacher at Dun-edin Middle. He soon rose to be principal of Fairmount Park, South Ward, Dunedin Ele-mentary, and Seminole Middle as well as Pinellas Park High. He became the Director of School Operations in 1987 and was promoted to Associate Superintendent for Pupil Assign-ment and Area II Superintendent of Pinellas County Schools before his retirement in 2005. Mr. Williams was elected to Pinellas County School Board in 2010. 
Although Mr. Williams was a soft-spoken 
man, when he spoke people listened. In his tireless dedication to his students, he wanted not only to educate them through books, but to equip them with life skills to succeed. He recognized the challenges that low-income and minority students faced, so he worked tirelessly to build relationships and connect with children and their families. He constantly pushed to create opportunities for those stu-dents some may have forgotten. 
Mr. Williams always seemed to have the 
pulse of the district’s needs and how to ad-dress them. He faced budget crises head-on while closing the achievement gap between races and income levels. He saw the need and spearheaded an effort to implement measures that dealt with chronically disruptive students in ways that integrated rather than alienated. He strived to give parents the tools they need to help their children succeed in academics and life. 
After his retirement in 2005, he and his wife 
ran a preschool and he subsequently won the School Board seat. His slogan was ‘‘Keep the main thing the main thing.’’ And that philos-ophy defined his approach of always putting children first regardless of status or race. Mr. Williams passed away December 3, 2011 but his legacy will live on through the many stu-dent’s lives he has changed for the better. TRIBUTE TO AUTUMN GADOUA 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, February 24, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise to 
honor a very special 7th grader from Ham-burg, Iowa, located in the 3rd Congressional District which I represent. Autumn Gadoua is the statewide winner in the Iowa League of Cities 5th Annual ‘‘If I Were Mayor’’ essay contest. 
This annual essay contest allows students 
to form and express ideas regarding citizen-ship and leadership. Autumn and the other district winners are being recognized today at a ceremony at the Iowa State Capitol Building in Des Moines. 
In her essay Autumn wrote that if she were 
mayor of her hometown she would pursue policies that preserve the town’s history and the historical brick buildings for current and new businesses. She notes that this policy would connect the past to the present and promote growth for the future. 
Mayor Gadoua would also work for opportu-
nities to help businesses thrive, bring new businesses and families to the town, promote green solutions, recycling, and support police officers and firefighters to keep them and the citizens of the community safe. 
Autumn concluded her essay by saying, ‘‘I 
would visit the school in my community to teach children the responsibilities of a mayor and give examples of good citizenship. To help children grow and learn, I would establish an after school youth club. Being mayor is a big responsibility, but one that is rewarding and important to me.’’ 
I applaud and congratulate Autumn for her 
award winning essay and for proving that the next generation of leaders in Iowa and this na-tion are already preparing for their time of service. I am proud to represent Autumn and her family, her teachers and fellow students in the United States Congress. I know that my colleagues join me in congratulating Autumn Gadoua and wishing her well and continued success in the future. 
f 
HONORING ADAM CEARLEY 
HON. JOHN R. CARTER 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, February 24, 2015 
Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor an exceptional young man whose financial acumen just made his college expenses less of a burden. In the process of doing so, he’s learned some valuable life skills. 
Round Rock High School freshman Adam 
Cearley was awarded a $20,000 scholarship after ranking sixth among 11,000 students na-tionwide in the H&R Block Budget Challenge. This innovative two-month, in-school simula-tion tasked students to manage money online based on a fictional profile. Students received a virtual salary, which they used to pay bills, invest in retirement, and manage loans to get points. Adam took to the challenging project early on, impressing both his peers and his teachers with his sound money management. Not only does the simulation serve as a fun 
activity to ease students into business les-sons, it’s important for teenagers to learn fi-nancial lessons early. The skills teens like Adam learn from this will serve them well throughout their lives. 
Young leaders like Adam Cearley show that 
the future for our nation is a bright one. I con-gratulate him on his great achievement and wish him nothing but the best in the years ahead. 
f 
JIM AND KATE CURTIS 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, February 24, 2015 
Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and applaud Jim and Kate Curtis for their outstanding dedication to their local community. 
Owners of the Village Roaster since 1979, 
Jim and Kate Curtis have been proudly pro-viding Jefferson County and Lakewood resi-dents with some of the best coffee, tea, spices and gift selections from around the world. In addition to running the Village Roaster, the two have worked to support their community for their entire lives continually giving of them-selves and their coffee. 
I extend my deepest congratulations to Jim 
and Kate Curtis for their honor as Members of the Year by the West Chamber serving Jeffer-son County. I have no doubt they will exhibit the same community service and dedication in the future. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF THE TRANSIT 
TAX PARITY ACT OF 2015 
HON. ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON 
OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, February 24, 2015 
Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, today, I intro-
duce the Transit Tax Parity Act of 2015. The bill would expand federal commuter tax bene-fits for transit and make them equal to those for parking. Currently, the transit benefit is half the level of the parking benefit. This bill would permanently raise the transit benefit to equal the parking benefit for commuters, in an effort to equalize the commuter options and to re-duce congestion and pollution. 
This bill would encourage commuters to use 
transit by equalizing tax benefits for mass transit and parking benefits at a time when transit systems have precipitously lost riders because of the inequality in benefits. Con-gress did the sensible thing when it increased the commuter benefit cap to be the same as parking in previous years, but when that parity ended, transit benefits decreased to $130, just over half the benefits for driving. The decrease in transit benefits has led to a striking reduc-tion in transit system ridership across the country. For example, the Washington Metro-politan Area Transit Authority (WMATA), the second largest transit system in the nation, runs throughout the national capital region and has seen a 25 percent decrease in Metrorail commuters, with riders switching to alternative means of commuting once they reach the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Feb 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A24FE8.021 E24FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E239 February 24, 2015 
$130 limit. Congressional action is urgently 
needed to make federal tax benefits for transit and parking equal at $250. 
Millions of people commute in and out of cit-
ies every day, bolstering the American econ-omy and improving the overall well-being of the country. Why would we want to encourage people to drive rather than use mass transit? At the very least, there is no excuse for pref-erential treatment of driving. There are also environmental benefits that result from encour-aging commuters to use mass transit and commuter rail instead of driving. Greater use of transit is consistent with the goals of reduc-ing pollution from auto emissions, improving public health and reducing traffic congestion, which adds huge costs to the American econ-omy and disrupts family life. 
I strongly urge my colleagues to support the 
legislation. 
f 
JETIE WILDS 
HON. KATHY CASTOR 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, February 24, 2015 
Ms. CASTOR of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I am 
honored to recognize the outstanding and in-valuable contributions of African Americans during Black History Month and all year long. I am proud to pay tribute to African American men and women who exemplify the spirit of selfless and patriotic service. 
I rise today to pay tribute to a truly gifted 
leader of the Tampa Bay community, Mr. Jetie Wilds. Mr. Wilds dedicated his life to educating people about public service, bringing commu-nities together, and inspiring a way forward for all people in Tampa. Today it is a privilege for me to honor his incredible legacy. 
Mr. Wilds was born in Tampa, Florida to a 
family of 12 children. At a young age, Mr. Wilds volunteered on political campaigns and developed a passion for political activism and engagement. This strong commitment to bettering the community led him to Morehouse College in Atlanta where he obtained a Bach-elor’s degree. He was deeply involved in the civil rights movement by regularly participating in peace marches and sit-ins. During this time, Mr. Wilds married his wife of over 49 years, Ozepher. Mr. Wilds then began his career staying true to his roots as a public servant by becoming a middle school math teacher. 
Mr. Wilds’ public advocacy was not limited 
to civil rights; he was an ardent environ-mentalist who served as a community orga-nizer for greater environmental regulations in Portland, Oregon. While there, he obtained a Master’s degree in urban planning at Portland State University. His knowledge of environ-mental policy later led him to Washington, D.C. where he conducted research on the im-pact of environmental regulations on the Afri-can American community. 
Mr. Wilds returned to Tampa in 1996 and 
spearheaded his now locally renowned radio show, Citizen’s Report. During each broad-cast, Mr. Wilds brought to light the significant issues facing the Tampa Bay community. He quickly developed a rapport with his audience because of his intellect and candor that kept the show on air for over 15 years. His efforts to educate and inspire action on important po-litical issues continued through his weekly col-umn in Tampa’s trilingual newspaper, La 
Gaceta. This column consistently provided a profound perspective on issues that tran-scended cultural and racial boundaries. 
Mr. Wilds’ leadership and tireless work 
earned him numerous accolades including Man of the Year from the Portland Junior Chamber of Commerce, Boss of the Year from the Professional Women’s Organization and Distinguished College Alumnus from the Na-tional Association for Equal Opportunity in Higher Education. 
Mr. Wilds will always be remembered as a 
leader who united people of all races and ethnicities for the common cause of commu-nity betterment. Whether he was running for office, teaching a class or providing an insight-ful voice for our community on the radio—Jetie Wilds was a true public servant. On Sep-tember 21, 2014, Mr. Wilds passed away at the age of 74. Mr. Speaker, I join the Tampa Bay community in thanking Mr. Jetie Wilds, Jr. for his lifelong service to the State of Florida. 
f 
IN HONOR OF MRS. MILDRED 
PARISH MASSEY 
HON. SANFORD D. BISHOP, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, February 24, 2015 
Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, it is 
with a heavy heart and solemn remembrance that I rise today to pay tribute to an excep-
tional woman and outstanding citizen, Mrs. Mildred Parish Massey. Sadly, Mrs. Massey, the mother of our dear friend and colleague, Congresswoman B
ARBARA LEE, passed away 
on Monday, February 16, 2015. Funeral serv-ices will be held on Thursday, February 26, 2015 at Allen Temple Baptist Church in Oak-land, California. 
Mildred Parish Massey was born in El Paso, 
Texas on June 6, 1924 to William Calhoun and Willie Pointer Parish. With her sisters, Juanita and Lois, Mrs. Massey attended Doug-lass Elementary and High School in El Paso, where she played the saxophone in the band and marched in the Sun Bowl Parade. She then earned a scholarship to attend Tillotson College in Austin, Texas and later transferred to Southern University in Baton Rouge, Lou-isiana to study business administration. After college, Mrs. Massey worked for a time as registrar and secretary to the president of what is now Norfolk State University in Ports-mouth, Virginia. She then returned to El Paso and gave birth to three daughters between 1946 and 1952, Congresswoman B
ARBARA  
LEE, Mrs. Mildred Whitfield and Mrs. Beverly 
Hardy. 
Mrs. Massey’s daughters never had to look 
far for an outstanding role model. While at Southern University, Mrs. Massey had boy-cotted a sorority which barred a friend from pledging because of the darkness of her skin. She even organized for revered civil rights leader Mary McLeod Bethune to go to the uni-versity to help change the policy. Because of Mrs. Massey’s efforts, the discriminatory prac-tice was ended. Then, when El Paso began integrating its public schools, she was one of the first seven African-American students to integrate Texas Western College, now the University of Texas at El Paso. 
Mrs. Massey made history by being the first 
African American to be hired in not one, but multiple positions. She was the first black cler-
ical worker at Ft. Bliss, Texas in the Postal Lo-cator. After she moved to San Fernando, Cali-fornia in 1960, she was the first African Amer-ican to work at the Raymond Lamp Company, at the Veterans Administration Hospital in Sylmar, California, as Assistant Manager of the Lerner Dress Store in Panorama City, California, and as Manager of the Rembrandt Sign Company in San Fernando. In short, Mrs. Massey’s life in and of itself was a testament to the advancement of African Americans be-fore, during, and after the Civil Rights Move-ment. 
Mrs. Massey was not only a trailblazer but 
also a devoted mother. At one point, she worked three jobs to support her daughters and aging father. Mrs. Massey was so dedi-cated to her children that after her retirement, she worked for another twelve years to help found and manage her daughter Congress-woman B
ARBARA LEE’s business. Throughout 
her life, this love and devotion continued to extend to not just her daughters, but her seven grandchildren, sixteen great grand-children and one great, great grandchild as well. 
Maya Angelou once said, ‘‘A great soul 
serves everyone all the time. A great soul never dies.’’ 
Mrs. Massey is one such great soul, who 
served humanity in a special way. Each day she graced the people around her with an en-thusiastic sincerity of presence. Her impres-sion on this earth extends beyond herself to those whom she inspired and supported, and for it she will be remembered for time to come. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues in the 
House of Representatives to join me and my wife, Vivian, in paying tribute to Mrs. Mildred Parish Massey for the inspiring life that she led. We stand united with Congresswoman B
ARBARA LEEand we extend our deepest 
sympathies to her family, friends and loved ones during this difficult time. We pray that they will be consoled and comforted by an abiding faith and the Holy Spirit in the days, weeks and months ahead. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF THE SNAP 
WORK OPPORTUNITY ACT 
HON. JIM McDERMOTT 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, February 24, 2015 
Mr. M CDERMOTT. Mr. Speaker, due to a 
policy oversight, 1 million adults who are look-ing for work but are unsuccessful at risk to lose their eligibility for Supplement Nutrition Assistance Benefits in 2016. My Colleague Representative S
UZAN DELBENE and I are in-
troducing simple legislation today that would address this issue, and ensure no one falls through the cracks. Our bill is called the SNAP Work Opportunity Act. 
The SNAP work requirement was estab-
lished on the assumption that anyone who couldn’t find work would take part in a job training or workfare program in order to con-tinue receiving SNAP benefits. Unfortunately, as former President Clinton highlighted when he signed the bill into law, there is not also a requirement for states to offer their unem-ployed citizens an opportunity to participate in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Feb 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A24FE8.025 E24FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E240 February 24, 2015 
a job training or workfare program. While 
many states may have qualifying programs, only five states guarantee a spot to those adults subject to the work requirement. As a result, even if someone is actively looking for work but can’t find it, they can lose their eligi-bility for SNAP benefits. 
Recently, this issue hasn’t been at the fore-
front. The economic downturn has made states eligible for waivers to the work require-ment because of high and sustained in-state unemployment. Almost all states—42—are eli-gible for and using a waiver in 2015. However, the economy’s continued growth is expected to prevent most states from qualifying for the waivers in 2016. While economic growth is a great thing, it doesn’t mean that everyone has a job nor does it mean that everyone looking for a job is able to get one. As a result of the loss of waivers, the CBPP predicts more than 1 million adults who are unable to find jobs and aren’t offered an opportunity to take part in a job training or workfare program could lose their eligibility for SNAP benefits in 2016. 
The SNAP Work Opportunity Act would 
make the 3 month limit for eligibility only apply if a person was offered a job training or workfare opportunity. With this fix, those who are looking for work aren’t penalized because their state doesn’t have the resources to offer a job training or work program. 
f 
SEYFER SPECIALTIES 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, February 24, 2015 
Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and applaud Seyfer Spe-cialties for receiving the 2014 Wheat Ridge Reinvestment Award. This award recognizes a business that invests in a significant improve-ment or maintains an excellent level of quality in a business property. 
Seyfer Specialties was established in 1961 
and is primarily focused on restoring classic cars and building hotrods, so it is fitting that they purchased an old dilapidated barn and rebuilt it into a modern performance garage while still emphasizing the classic barn-style. Seyfer delivers a great service with a knowl-edgeable and friendly staff, and they are a classic component of the Wheat Ridge Com-munity. 
I extend my deepest congratulations to 
Seyfer Specialties for this well-deserved rec-ognition by the City of Wheat Ridge and the Wheat Ridge Business Association. 
f 
HONORING MR. ROY L. CLAY 
HON. BARBARA LEE 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, February 24, 2015 
Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor 
the extraordinary life of Mr. Roy L. Clay. Known throughout the San Francisco Bay Area and the nation as a computer engineer, investor, community leader and a dedicated husband and father, Mr. Clay has left an indel-ible mark on our nation. 
Mr. Roy L. Clay was born in Kinloch, Mis-
souri on August 22, 1929. Even at a young age, Mr. Clay was inspired to learn. In 1947, 
seven years prior to the Supreme Court’s 1954 decision in Brown v. Board of Education, Mr. Clay was granted an academic scholar-ship to attend Saint Louis University. He grad-uated in 1951 with a Bachelor of Science in Mathematics and, by 1956, he was among the first modern computer programmers. 
After serving as a computer programmer in 
what is now the Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory in California, Mr. Clay was invited to join David Packard, co-founder of Hewlett- Packard Co., to build the first reliable com-puter. Mr. Clay established software develop-ment, directed research and development of all computer products, and served as the Gen-eral Manager of the computer division. By the time he left Hewlett-Packard, he was the high-est ranking African American employee in the company. 
Mr. Clay’s contributions to the information 
technology sector continued to grow. In 1971, Mr. Roy L. Clay consulted with Kleiner Perkins Caulfield and Byers, a venture capital firm, to evaluate their investments in computer related firms such as Tandem Computer Company, Compaq Computer Company, and Intel. Then, in 1977, Mr. Clay founded ROD-Electronics to develop the first electronically controlled Di-electric Withstand tester. This test ensured that a product is safe from fire or electrical shock. Hewlett-Packard Co., IBM, AT&T, and Xerox adopted his Dielectric Withstand tester and added it to their production lines. In 2003, in recognition of his many accomplishments in Silicon Valley, Mr. Clay was inducted into the Silicon Valley Engineering Council’s Hall of Fame. 
Beyond his contributions to the information 
technology sector, Mr. Roy Clay has been a dedicated member of his community. He was the first African American to serve as City Councilman and Vice Mayor for the City of Palo Alto in 1973. Mr. Clay is also a Founder and Emeritus Board Member of the Olympic Club of San Francisco Foundation; founded with the purpose of generating funds to sup-port underprivileged children in the nine coun-ties of the San Francisco Bay Area. 
Today, California’s 13th Congressional Dis-
trict salutes and honors an outstanding indi-vidual, Mr. Roy L. Clay. His dedication and ef-forts in the information technology sector have impacted so many lives and helped to break the barrier for many African Americans throughout California and the nation. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DR. DANE A. MILLER 
HON. TODD ROKITA 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, February 24, 2015 
Mr. ROKITA. Mr. Speaker I rise today to 
honor a distinguished Hoosier, Dr. Dane A. Miller, whom passed away on February 10, 2015. I would like to express my appreciation for his community and economic development leadership in our state and nation. Most impor-tant to me, he was a friend who always gave me good, direct advice. 
Although Dr. Miller was born and raised a 
Buckeye, Hoosiers are proud to claim him as one of our own. Dr. Miller graduated from General Motors Institute with a B.S. in Me-chanical Materials Science Engineering, and a Masters degree in Materials Science from the 
University of Cincinnati. While performing as Director of Biomedical Engineering for Zimmer U.S.A. in Warsaw, Indiana, Dr. Miller simulta-neously earned his Ph.D. in Biomedical Engi-neering from the University of Cincinnati. 
Shortly after earning his doctorate, Dr. Miller 
served as Director of Biomedical Engineering for Cutter Biomedical. After three years he re-turned to Warsaw and joined three others to form Biomet, Inc. which eventually became one of the premier orthopedic manufacturing companies in the world. He would later start several more companies in the medical device industry, helping cement Warsaw, Indiana, as ‘‘The Orthopedic Capital of the World’’. 
Dr. Miller had served on numerous boards, 
including as Director of Biomet 3i, LLC, Biomet Sports Medicine, LLC, Soft Tissue Re-generation, Inc., and 1st Source Corporation. He also devoted his time and entrepreneurial spirit to his adopted home as Director of the Indiana Economic Development Corporation. As a proud alumnus, Dr. Miller also served as Trustee to the University of Cincinnati Founda-tion. 
Dr. Miller was highly regarded in his com-
munity for his philanthropic and business en-deavors. He was often recognized for this leadership earning many awards and honors throughout his life including: Outstanding Small Business Person in the State of Indiana, Business Week’s Top Performing CEO, War-saw Chamber of Commerce Man of the Year, and the Phoenix Lifetime Achievement Award for the Healthcare Industry. Dr. and Mrs. Miller established the Dr. Dane and Mary Louise Mil-ler Foundation in order to provide financial as-sistance to various charitable organizations and educational scholarships. 
Dr. Miller leaves his beloved wife Mary Lou-
ise, two daughters and four grandchildren to carry on his innovative and entrepreneurial spirit. His work helped drive advancements in biomaterials and implant design that helped patients around the world live better lives. His academic and economic contributions, both di-rect results of his pioneering efforts, to our state and its citizens will be an endearing leg-acy for future generations of Hoosiers. 
f 
LOGAN HUGHES APPOINTMENT TO 
UNITED STATES MILITARY ACADEMY 
HON. JODY B. HICE 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, February 24, 2015 
Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, 
I rise today in order to congratulate Mr. Logan Hughes on his appointment to the United States Military Academy. 
Mr. Hughes is an incredibly accomplished 
young man from Evans, Georgia. Logan is the son of Michael and Laura Hughes, and will graduate from Greenbrier High School. During his time there, Logan has exhibited dedication to leadership while serving as the High School NJRTOC Battalion Executive Officer. 
Among his many accolades, Logan also 
showcased academic prowess by his involve-ment with the National Honor Society, and the Spanish Honor Society. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Feb 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A24FE8.028 E24FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E241 February 24, 2015 
Mr. Speaker, Logan Hughes is also a young 
man who is dedicated to improving his com-munity through service. Logan led service ef-forts at Wesley United Methodist Church as a service acolyte. 
Lastly, Mr. Speaker, I understand that Mr. 
Hughes is no stranger to the rigorous work ethic required to be considered as a candidate for the United States Military Academy. With Mr. Hughes’ grandfather as outstanding exam-ple of an Army Officer, I am confident that Logan will accomplish his ultimate goal of serving his nation as a United States soldier. 
Mr. Speaker, it is my privilege to congratu-
late Mr. Logan Hughes. 
f 
BANNER SIGNS AND DECALS 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, February 24, 2015 
Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and applaud Banner Signs and Decals for their outstanding service and commitment to the community. 
Dan, Carol and Jeff Lundin bought the com-
pany in 2007 with a vision to ultimately make Banner Signs and Decals one of the best sign companies in Colorado. The original business had been located at Colfax and Carr for more than 11 years. The Lundins recently moved the business to the new 40 West Arts District at Teller and Colfax. This Small Business of the Year goes above and beyond for their cus-tomers and their local community each and every day. 
I extend my deepest congratulations to the 
Lundin family and Banner Signs and Decals for their honor by the West Chamber serving Jefferson County. I have no doubt they will ex-hibit the same commitment and service in all future accomplishments. 
f 
INTRODUCING A RESOLUTION DES-
IGNATING AUGUST 6TH AS NA-TIONAL VOTING RIGHTS DAY 
HON. ALCEE L. HASTINGS 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, February 24, 2015 
Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
introduce a resolution designating August 6th as National Voting Rights Day. 
On August 6, 1965, President Lyndon B. 
Johnson signed the Voting Rights Act into law. The Act not only outlawed discriminatory vot-ing practices and exponentially expanded the level of African American voter registration and participation, but also vastly increased the number of African American and other minority elected officials. For nearly five decades the Voting Rights Act has served as our nation’s most important safeguard against racial dis-crimination in our electoral system. As we pre-pare to commemorate the 50th Anniversary of its passage, establishing a day recognizing its magnitude will pay homage to this trans-formative law, which remains one of the most effective pieces of civil rights legislation ever enacted, and will serve as a critical reminder of the importance of continued efforts to en-sure that all Americans are able to fully partici-pate in our electoral process. I am pleased be joined by 36 of my col-
leagues in introducing this resolution. They in-clude: Representatives: M
ARK TAKAI (D–HI), 
ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON (D–DC), J OHN 
GARAMENDI (D–CA), G REGORY MEEKS (D–NY), 
DEREK KILMER (D–WA), C HARLES RANGEL (D– 
NY), B ETTY MCCOLLUM (D–MN), P ETER WELCH  
(D–VT), T EDDEUTCH (D–FL), T ERRI SEWELL  
(D–AL), R OBERT BRADY (D–PA), F REDERICA  
WILSON (D–FL), S ANFORD BISHOP , Jr. (D–GA), 
PATRICK MURPHY (D–FL), M AXINE WATERS (D– 
CA), D EBBIE WASSERMAN SCHULTZ (D–FL), 
CHERI BUSTOS (D–IL), J UAN VARGAS (D–CA), 
JUDY CHU(D–CA), M ARCY KAPTUR (D–OH), 
GWEN MOORE (D–WI), A NDRE´CARSON (D–IN), 
JOYCE BEATTY (D–OH), M IKEHONDA (D–CA), 
LOUISE SLAUGHTER (D–NY), A DAM SMITH (D– 
WA), A LGREEN (D–TX), B OBBY SCOTT (D– 
VA), C ORRINE BROWN (D–FL), E LIJAH CUM-
MINGS (D–MD), M ARCIA FUDGE (D–OH), S TEVE  
COHEN (D–TN), E ARL BLUMENAUER (D–OR), 
JOHN YARMUTH (D–KY) and K ATHY CASTOR  
(D–FL). 
Mr. Speaker, as we celebrate Black History 
Month, I urge my colleagues to co-sponsor this resolution, so that we may all properly recognize the significance of the Voting Rights Act by designating August 6th as National Vot-ing Rights Day. 
f 
HONORING SOUTH TOMS RIVER 
MAYOR OSCAR CRADLE 
HON. THOMAS MacARTHUR 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, February 24, 2015 
Mr. M ACARTHUR. Mr. Speaker, in honor of 
Black History Month, I rise to recognize a prominent leader in my district who has gone above and beyond to help better our commu-nity. That man is Mayor Oscar Cradle from South Toms River. Through his work and his life, Oscar has greatly improved our commu-nity for his neighbors, friends, and all those who are lucky enough to know him. 
Mayor Cradle has been a resident of Ocean 
County for sixty years. Growing up in South Toms River, Oscar was a member of youth choir and Sunday school at Wells Chapel AME Church. After graduating from Toms River High School, he enrolled in Hampton In-stitute and studied mathematics. After facing issues with addiction, Oscar overcame his struggles and decided he wanted to focus on helping others in his community battle this ter-rible disease. 
Oscar became involved with several dif-
ferent organizations in South Toms River. With his own journey in mind, he helped create the South Toms River Alcoholics Anonymous, the South Toms River Narcotics Anonymous, and the South Toms River Neighborhood Watch Committee. But his work didn’t stop there—he recently founded the South Toms River Histor-ical Society to help preserve the history of this great town. At Wells Chapel AME Church, Oscar has been ordained as a Reverend and helped to create the church’s Community Out-reach Center. Additionally, Oscar has served his community as an elected member of the South Toms River Borough Council for seven terms and was elected as the town’s mayor on November 4, 2014. 
Oscar’s dedication to improving the lives of 
those around him is remarkable. Mr. Speaker, we are all blessed to know Oscar, and are 
grateful for the impact that he has made in our community. South Toms River would not be the same without him. 
f 
GWEN REESE 
HON. KATHY CASTOR 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, February 24, 2015 
Ms. CASTOR of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I am 
honored to recognize the outstanding and in-valuable contributions of African Americans during Black History Month and all year long. I am proud to pay tribute to African American men and women who exemplify the spirit of selfless and patriotic service. 
I rise today to honor a dedicated community 
leader and equal rights champion, Gwen Reese of St. Petersburg, Florida. Ms. Reese was born in St. Petersburg and is a proud graduate of Gibbs High School as well as St. Petersburg Junior College. Ms. Reese has dedicated her career to supporting initiatives that lift families. She began as a counselor for Adolescent Pregnancy and Parenting Services for the YWCA of Tampa Bay. Thanks to her passion and diligent work, she was consist-ently promoted, rising to become the Director of Administrative Services of the YWCA of Tampa from 1994–1999. Ms. Reese continued to be a voice for Florida families by serving as a Coordinator for both Healthy Start of Pinellas and the Midtown Health Council. In both capacities she focused on reducing infant mortality as well as other initiatives designed to improve the effectiveness of health care de-livery and outcomes. 
Ms. Reese’s unrelenting service has led her 
to play an important role in numerous service 
organizations and projects in Tampa Bay. Cur-rently, she serves as the District Manager of Professional Opportunities Program for Stu-dents (POPS) Inc. which provides career sem-inars, college tours, internships, and commu-nity service projects to assist area high school students in exploring and experiencing dif-ferent career goals. Furthermore, Ms. Reese organizes the annual Stand Against Racism event and the Week Without Violence activi-ties. These events bring attention to significant issues facing our community. 
Ms. Reese has been an outspoken advo-
cate for preserving the history of African Americans’ contributions to the St. Petersburg community. Her passion led to her selection as the President of the African American Herit-age Association. Under her leadership, the Af-rican American Heritage Association devel-oped a walking trail through historic neighbor-hoods in St. Petersburg. It captured the oral histories of the great people like those who built tracks for the Orange Belt Railway, laid Augusta blocks in the Historic Old Northeast, and made the prized hex blocks seen on some city sidewalks. 
Ms. Reese brought the St. Petersburg com-
munity together through this project. She has witnessed great moments in the community created by the project. Her favorite instance was when 25 high school students from Gibbs High School, Pinellas County’s first public high school for black students, interviewed the resi-dents who had witnessed immense changes in the community on Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. Day. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Feb 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A24FE8.031 E24FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E242 February 24, 2015 
We truly appreciate the outstanding work 
that Ms. Reese has done to preserve and ven-erate the history and contributions of African Americans. Mr. Speaker, please join me in commending Ms. Reese for her wonderful service to Pinellas County and to the State of Florida. 
f 
EXTRAORDINARY AMBASSADOR 
HON. JOE WILSON 
OF SOUTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, February 24, 2015 
Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speak-
er, during the President’s Day break, I was grateful to chair a House Armed Services Committee delegation to the United Arab Emirates, Afghanistan, Kuwait, Jordan, and Iraq. 
With Congressmen B
RAD ASHFORD , SETH 
MOULTON , and E LISE STEFANIK , we met world 
leaders in the midst of forcefully protecting their citizens in the Global War on Terrorism. 
Coordinating the itinerary were House pro-
fessional staffers Pete Villano and Lindsay Kavanaugh, with military input by Major Brad Grane, U.S. Army, Colonel Dan Greenwood, U.S. Marine Corps, and Major Tony Garofano, U.S. Marine Corps. 
At each step we were greeted and briefed 
by experienced, dedicated, and enthusiastic U.S. Ambassadors, including Barbara Leaf at Abu Dhabi in the UAE, Michael McKinley in Afghanistan, Alice Wells in Jordan, Douglas Silliman in Kuwait, and Stuart Jones in Iraq. Each has recruited talented foreign-service of-ficers to promote warm relations with our allies in the Middle East and Central Asia. 
A key way to protect American citizens at 
home from terrorists is to promote stable, prosperous, and unified allies abroad. Radical Islamists have declared war on Americans and plan to exterminate Jews. Moreover, in the last ten days, they have slaughtered their fel-low Muslims from Peshawar, Pakistan, in a mosque, to burning alive over 30 innocent ci-vilians in al-Baghdadi, Iraq, while beheading 21 Egyptian Coptic Christians in Libya, and murdering Jews in Copenhagen. 
In conclusion, God Bless our Troops, and 
may the President by his actions never forget September 11th in the Global War on Ter-rorism. 
f 
CASA 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, February 24, 2015 
Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and applaud Court Ap-pointed Special Advocates for Children (CASA) of Jefferson and Gilpin Counties for their outstanding service to the local commu-nity. 
CASA’s mission is to provide trained volun-
teers to advocate in court for the safety and well-being of abused and neglected children. CASA volunteers attend 35 hours of intensive training before being appointed to a case of 
child abuse or neglect. Each volunteer com-mits to stay with the case until it has con-cluded to ensure they are able to advocate for the child’s best interests in the areas of edu-cation, health, foster placement, and most im-portantly a permanent and safe home. 
I extend my deepest congratulations to 
CASA of Jefferson and Gilpin Counties for their honor as Nonprofit of the Year by the West Chamber serving Jefferson County. I have no doubt they will exhibit the same serv-ice and dedication in all future accomplish-ments. 
f 
IN MEMORY OF MRS. MARY GAILE 
EDWARDS WINGARD 
HON. ANDER CRENSHAW 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, February 24, 2015 
Mr. CRENSHAW. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
in honor of Mary Gaile Edwards Wingard, who died peacefully in the presence of her beloved family on Tuesday, January 27, 2015. Gaile was a pillar of the Jacksonville community. An avid volunteer and both loving mother and grandmother, she was dearly loved by every-one who knew her. The First Coast will truly miss this incredible woman. 
With a ready smile, quick wit, and abundant 
southern charm, Gaile made everyone she met feel at ease. She lived her life with a pas-sionate devotion to her loved ones and her family. Whether it was volunteering for one of the numerous organizations around town or simply living the role of loving grandmother, Gaile never did anything half-way. Jacksonville will be forever thankful for her selfless dedica-tion. 
Gaile’s quiet strength and loving spirit will 
long be remembered by our city. She is sur-vived by her husband, Dr. Joseph Theodore Wingard, Jr.; her children, Joseph Theodore Wingard III and his wife Pam, Jonathan David Wingard and his wife Heather, and Katherine Wingard Sherman and her husband Nate; her grandsons, Matthew Alexander Wingard, Jon-athan Michael Wingard, Jonathan Ramsay Wingard, Joseph Theodore Wingard, Nathan-iel Alden Sherman, Jr., and an unborn grand-daughter to be named Beatrice Gaile Sher-man; her sister Jeanne Edwards Yarborough; and six nieces. 
My thoughts and prayers go out to the 
Wingard family. I am forever grateful to have known such an amazing woman. 
f 
IN HONOR OF THE UNI-CAPITOL 
WASHINGTON INTERNSHIP PRO-GRAM 
HON. SAM FARR 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, February 24, 2015 
Mr. FARR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor the Uni-Capitol Washington Internship Program. This program is a wonderful edu-cational and cultural exchange for both the congressional intern and office. The Uni-Cap-
itol Washington Internship Program annually delivers some of Australia’s best and brightest university students for two month internships in our offices. During their time in our nation’s Capitol, these student-ambassadors continue to develop their commitment to civic engage-ment and public service. 
This year I welcomed student-ambassador 
Emma Lee who has been a great example of the high quality students who are involved in this program. Emma is a Masters candidate from the University of Sydney, with a Bachelor of Arts from the University of Wollongong where she was a Dean’s Scholar. She has been an invaluable asset to our office these past two months. 
Throughout her time in this office, she has 
had the chance to pursue her interests on a range of issues, from foreign affairs, human rights, and diplomacy to food security and the environment. She has attended committee briefings, drafted constituent correspondence, and assisted my staff with research. Her Aus-tralian accent has garnered the attention of many of my constituents on tours and over the phone. She is often asked to share her experi-ences in Washington, DC. 
I ask my colleagues to join with me in rec-
ognizing the contributions of the Uni-Capitol Internship Program and to thank Emma Lee for her participation, time, and hard work. 
f 
REMEMBERING THE LIVES LOST 
DURING THE KHOJALY MAS-SACRE AND ‘‘BLACK JANUARY’’ IN AZERBAIJAN 
HON. DONALD M. PAYNE, JR. 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, February 24, 2015 
Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today for 
very important reasons. First, I would like to commemorate the tragedy that took place in Khojaly, Azerbaijan, where on February 25, 1992, 23 years ago, 444 mostly elderly men, 106 women and 63 children were brutally killed. Please join me in recognizing the hor-rific atrocities that took place during the month of February in Khojaly, Azerbaijan. 
Secondly, I would like to recognize the night 
of January 19, 1990, as ‘‘Black January.’’ On this day, 26,000 Soviet troops invaded the capital city of Baku and surrounding areas. By the end of the following day, more than 130 people had died, 611 were injured, 841 were arrested and 5 were missing. This event is memorialized as ‘‘Black January,’’ and, for the citizens of the Republic of Azerbaijan this event left an indelible mark on their minds and hearts. 
Although Azerbaijan thrives today, the peo-
ple of Azerbaijan recognize those who lost their lives in Black January, 1990, and honor their sacrifice through their commitment to the ideals of democracy. 
Mr. Speaker, Azerbaijan is a strong ally of 
the United States in a strategically important and complex region of the world. I ask my col-leagues to join me and our Azerbaijani friends in commemorating the tragedy that occurred in the town of Khojaly as well as Black January. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Feb 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24FE8.034 E24FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E243 February 24, 2015 
CONGRATULATING KORINNA 
BROWN ON BEING NAMED A TOP HONOREE BY THE 2015 PRUDEN-TIAL SPIRIT OF COMMUNITY AWARD PROGRAM 
HON. JACKIE WALORSKI 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, February 24, 2015 
Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Speaker, today I rise 
to congratulate and honor a young student from my district who has achieved national recognition for exemplary volunteer service in her community. Ms. Korinna Brown of Bunker Hill has just been named one of the top hon-orees in Indiana by the 2015 Prudential Spirit of Community Awards program, an annual honor bestowed upon the most impressive student volunteers in every state, including the District of Columbia. 
Ms. Brown is being recognized for her pas-
sion of volunteer service that began with her diagnosis of primary immune deficiency at age six. Since that time, she has raised $150,000 through organizing Relay for Life teams and creating the iroK Foundation in 2009 to help support children diagnosed with cancer and blood diseases. 
Given the challenges we face today, it is 
vital that we encourage and recognize the kind of selfless contributions that these young citi-zens have made. Young volunteers like Ms. Brown are inspiring examples to all of us, and are among our brightest hopes for a better to-morrow. 
The program that brought this young role 
model to our attention—The Prudential Spirit of Community Awards—was created by Pru-dential Financial in partnership with the Na-tional Association of Secondary School Prin-cipals in 1995. It is used to impress upon all youth volunteers that their contributions are critical and highly valued, and inspire other young people to follow their example. Over the past 20 years, the program has become the nation’s largest youth recognition effort based solely on community service, and has honored more than 100,000 young volunteers at the local, state and national level. 
Ms. Brown should be extremely proud to 
have been singled out from the thousands of dedicated volunteers who participated in this year’s program. I heartily applaud Ms. Brown for her initiative in seeking to make her com-munity a better place to live, and for the posi-tive impact she has had on the lives of others. She has demonstrated a level of commitment and accomplishment that is truly extraordinary in today’s world, and deserves our sincere ad-miration and respect. Her actions show that young Americans can—and do—play impor-tant roles in our communities, and continue to hold tremendous promise for our future. 
f 
HONORING BRYAN BILL 
HON. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM 
OF NEW MEXICO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, February 24, 2015 
Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New 
Mexico. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to remember the life, legacy and love of Bryan Bill, a man who touched everyone he met throughout his life. Bryan was born and raised in San Rafael, 
California and loved his time in the beautiful Golden state. It was there, from a very young age, that Bryan developed an intense curi-osity, explosive creativity and strong artistic in-clination. His mother Cheryl vividly recalls: ‘‘From the time he was a little boy he could draw beautifully, he became more inventive— there was never a time when he wasn’t sketching.’’ It was clear that Bryan was a tal-ented, exceptional individual. 
Still, like any child, Bryan had his obstacles. 
Parents, Cheryl and Bill, were told that their 7 year old son had behavioral problems, and like any loving parents they sought to remedy the situation. Bryan began regularly seeing a child psychologist. It wasn’t until an obscure car pulled up along their house and dropped off their son, that Bill and Cheryl began to really worry—Bryan was 12 years old and drunk. 
Bryan would go on to achieve so much dur-
ing his life. As a graphic designer he was al-ways developing innovative ways to reach an audience and craft a new project, but his spe-cialty was cartooning—he just had a knack for it. I remember my conversations with him: he had this comedic humor; he was charming, daring and a witty conversationalist. If you talked to anyone who met Bryan they would tell you he had an incredible zest for life and his exuberant joy could light up any room. 
And yet, Bryan was chronically depressed, 
repeatedly abused hard drugs, and had de-pendency issues with alcohol. On February 24, 2012, three years from this very day, Bryan took his life. 
It tells us something that someone so tal-
ented, so inspired, and so beautiful can be taken from us so unexpectedly. Mental health is something we all deal with; it doesn’t know race, it doesn’t know socioeconomic status, whether you are tall or short, big or small, it affects everybody. Let’s improve behavioral health services, break down the stigma sur-rounding suicide and encourage meaningful dialogue on mental health issues. It means saving lives like my cousin Bryan’s. 
Mr. Speaker, I join family, friends and all 
those who have felt Bryan’s warm embrace in celebrating the wonderful life he lived and knowing that he is at peace. We will continue fighting to give our loved ones the strength they need to carry on. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE 90TH BIRTH-
DAY OF FORMER CONGRESSMAN LOUIS STOKES 
HON. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, February 24, 2015 
Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. 
Mr. Speaker, it gives me great pleasure to commemorate the 90th birthday of my friend and colleague, former Congressman Louis Stokes. 
Louis Stokes rose from local housing 
projects in Cleveland, Ohio to serve 30 years in the U.S. House, first elected in 1968. Reluc-tant to enter the political arena, Stokes was persuaded to run for office by his younger brother, Carl B. Stokes, the first Black mayor of a major American city, elected in 1967. Prior to serving in Congress Louis served for decades as a civil rights lawyer. Louis Stokes 
was the first black to represent the State of Ohio in Congress and was a founding Member of the Congressional Black Caucus. Through-out his tenure in the House, Stokes chaired several congressional committees and was the first African American to win a seat on the House Appropriations Committee. 
During his long tenure in Congress, Louis 
Stokes headed and participated in several major House investigations. In March 1977 he was appointed to lead the Select Committee on Assassinations, formed to conduct an in-vestigation of the circumstances surrounding the deaths of President John F. Kennedy and Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. Stokes also served 
as chairman of the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, becoming the first Black Member of Congress to head this com-mittee. 
Stokes was the dean of the Ohio Congres-
sional Delegation. His work in the area of health led to his appointment as a member of the Pepper Commission on Comprehensive Health Care, and he was the founder and chairman of the Congressional Black Caucus Health Brain Trust. In 1991 Stokes chaired the House Committee on Standards of Official Conduct. When Louis Stokes retired in 1998, he became the first African American in the history of the U.S. Congress to have com-pleted 30 years in office. 
Following his service in Congress, he be-
came senior counsel at Squire, Sanders, and Dempsey L.L.P., a global law firm, and Distin-guished Visiting Professor at the Mandel School of Applied Social Sciences at Case Western Reserve University. Stokes also served as vice chairman of the PEW Environ-mental Health Commission at the Johns Hop-kins School of Public Health and was ap-pointed by former Health and Human Services Secretary, Donna E. Shalala, as chairman of the Advisory Committee on Minority Health. 
Mr. Speaker, I join with his wife Jay, chil-
dren, Shelley, Angela, Louis and Lori, grand-children, family and friends in wishing Con-gressman Louis Stokes a very happy and blessed 90th birthday. You have been a trail-blazer for so many. May you have many, many more. 
f 
IN MEMORY OF JOHN GREGG 
MCMASTER, JR. 
HON. JOE WILSON 
OF SOUTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, February 24, 2015 
Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speak-
er, a Service of Worship was conducted on Sunday, February 22, 2015, at the First Pres-byterian Church of Columbia, South Carolina, in Remembrance of and Thanksgiving for the Life of John Gregg McMaster, Jr. 
Participating in the service were The Rev. 
Dr. Derek W. H. Thomas, Senior Minister, The Rev. Dr. John R. deWitt, Mr. Ronald E. Miller, Organist, and Mr. Christian Markle, Bagpiper. Honorary Pallbearers were The Elders and Deacons of the First Presbyterian Church. The following obituary was published in the Service program: 
John Gregg McMaster, Jr., 100, passed 
away in Columbia early Friday morning, Feb-ruary 20, 2015. Born March 16, 1914, in Flor-ence, the son of Dr. and Mrs. John Gregg 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Feb 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K24FE8.018 E24FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E244 February 24, 2015 
McMaster, he received a bachelor’s degree in 
economics from the University of South Caro-lina in 1936, an L.L.B. from the University of South Carolina School of Law in 1938, and a J.D. degree in 1970. 
In 1944 he married Ida Bacot Dargan of 
Florence, whose nickname was ‘‘Pet.’’ They had six children, all boys, four of whom be-came lawyers. 
Mr. McMaster was elected to the South 
Carolina House of Representatives in 1944, 
serving two terms. From 1953–1954, he served as Code Commissioner for South Carolina, and from 1952–1967 he served on the SC Aeronautics Commission, the last elev-en years as chairman. 
He was elected president of the Richland 
County Bar Association in 1976. From 1982– 1988, he served on the board of the Richland County Public Defender Corporation, the last two years as chairman. He was elected to the American College of Trial Lawyers in 1968; awarded membership in the Cum Laude Club by Fellows of the Foundation, the USC Edu-cation Foundation, in 1969; elected a Fellow in the International Academy of Trial Lawyers in 1981; awarded the John W. Williams Distin-guished Service Award by Richland County Bar Association in 1991; and awarded the Order of the Palmetto by Governor Carroll 
Campbell in 1991. He was honored in 1991 by the Resolution of the South Carolina House of Representatives for distinguished service to the South Carolina Association Trial Lawyers Association in 2004; awarded membership in the American Board of Trial Associates in 2004; received the Lifetime Achievement Award from the Richland County Bar Associa-tion in 2012; and received a Resolution of congratulations from the South Carolina House of Representatives on his ninety-ninth birthday in 2013. 
Admitted to practice in all state and federal 
courts in SC, Mr. McMaster was a member of the Richland County Bar Association, the South Carolina Bar, the National Association 
of Railroad Trial Counsel, the South Carolina Defense Trial Attorneys Association and the Fourth Circuit Judicial Conference. For years he was the senior practicing attorney in South Carolina, having been at the bar over seventy- five years upon his retirement in 2013. He tried his last case at age 93. 
Mr. McMaster was a member of the Saint 
Andrews Society of Columbia, The Torch Club, Forest Lake Club, The Forum Club, The Centurion Society and The Columbia Ball. He was a member of First Presbyterian Church in Columbia from his college days and served as 
Sunday school teacher, Deacon, Elder, and Elder Emeritus. 
Mr. McMaster was predeceased by his wife, 
Ida Dargan; his sister, Eleanor ‘‘Sis’’ McMaster Bradham (Riley, Jr.) of Sumter; and his broth-er Hugh Buchanan McMaster (Jean Kelly) of Columbia. 
He is survived by his six sons, John Gregg 
McMaster, III (Judy Cook), Lieutenant Gov-ernor and former Attorney General Henry Dargan McMaster (Peggy McAbee), George McMaster, William Gourdin McMaster (Eliza-beth Laffitte), Frank Barnwell McMaster, all of 
Columbia, and Joseph Dargan McMaster of Charlotte; grandchildren, John Gregg McMaster, IV (Laurel Briggs) of Columbia, Henry Dargan McMaster, Jr. of Columbia, Mary Rogers McMaster of New York, William Gourdin McMaster, Jr. MD, of Nashville, Dargan McMaster Rain (Rob) of Spartanburg, George Hunter McMaster, II of New York, Jo-seph Dargan McMaster, Jr. of Columbia, Elea-nor Gourdin McMaster of Columbia; and great grandson, Shawn McMaster of Columbia; and great granddaughter, Elizabeth Laffitte Rain of Spartanburg. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Feb 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A24FE8.038 E24FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D166 Tuesday, February 24, 2015 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S1037–S1084 
Measures Introduced: Nineteen bills and two reso-
lutions were introduced, as follows: S. 536–554, and S. Con. Res. 4–5.
                                               Pages S1074–75 
Measures Reported: 
S. 527, to award a Congressional Gold Medal to 
the Foot Soldiers who participated in Bloody Sunday, Turnaround Tuesday, or in the final Selma to Mont-gomery Voting Rights March in March of 1965, which served as a catalyst for the Voting Rights Act of 1965.
                                                                          Page S1074 
Measures Passed: 
Boko Haram: Committee on Foreign Relations 
was discharged from further consideration of S. Res. 65, supporting efforts to bring an end to violence perpetrated by Boko Haram, and urging the Govern-ment of Nigeria to conduct transparent, peaceful, and credible elections, and the resolution was then agreed to, after agreeing to the following amend-ments proposed thereto:
                                 Pages S1081–83 
McConnell (for Menendez) Amendment No. 253, 
to amend the preamble.                                  Pages S1081–82 
McConnell (for Rubio) Amendment No. 254 (to 
the language proposed by Amendment No. 253), to illustrate the extreme degree of religious intolerance demonstrated by Boko Haram.
                           Page S1082 
McConnell (for Menendez) Amendment No. 252, 
in the nature of a substitute.                                Page S1081 
Measures Considered: 
Department of Homeland Security Appropria-
tions Act: Senate continued consideration of the mo-
tion to proceed to consideration of H.R. 240, mak-ing appropriations for the Department of Homeland Security for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2015.
                                 Pages S1037–38, S1044–47, S1048–58 
Appointments: 
Senate National Security Working Group: The 
Chair, on behalf of the Majority Leader, pursuant to the provisions of S. Res. 64, adopted March 5, 2013, appointed the following Senators as members of the Senate National Security Working Group for the 
114th Congress: 
Senator Rubio (Republican Administrative Co- 
Chairman), Senator Cochran (Republican Co-Chair-man), Senator Graham (Republican Co-Chairman), Senator Sessions (Republican Co-Chairman), Senator Corker, Senator McCain, Senator Risch, Senator Blunt, and Senator Inhofe.
                                    Page S1083 
Keystone XL Pipeline Approval Act—Veto Mes-sage: A unanimous-consent agreement was reached 
providing that at a time to be determined by the Majority Leader, in consultation with the Democratic Leader, but no later than March 3, 2015, Senate begin consideration of the veto message of the Presi-dent to accompany S. 1, to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline, and that the message be considered as hav-ing been read, that it be printed in the Record, and spread in full upon the Journal.
                 Pages S1047–48 
Message from the President: Senate received the 
following message from the President of the United States: 
Transmitting, pursuant to the Constitution, the 
report of the veto of S. 1, the Keystone XL Pipeline Approval Act; ordered to be printed in the Record, spread in full upon the Journal, and held at the desk. (PM–6)
                                                                Page S1073 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S1073 
Measures Referred:                                                 Page S1073 
Measures Placed on the Calendar: 
                                                                            Pages S1037, S1073 
Enrolled Bills Presented:                                    Page S1073 
Executive Communications:                     Pages S1073–74 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S1075–76 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S1076–79 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S1072–73 
Amendments Submitted:                           Pages S1079–80 
Authorities for Committees to Meet: 
                                                                                    Pages S1080–81 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 10 a.m. and ad-
journed at 7:05 p.m., until 9:30 a.m. on Wednes-day, February 25, 2015. (For Senate’s program, see 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:02 Jan 28, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 J:\CRONLINE\2015-BATCH-FEB\2015 NEW REC FILES \D24FE5.REC D24FE5bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D167 February 24, 2015 
the remarks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record 
on page S1083.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
AGRICULTURAL ACT 
Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry: Com-
mittee concluded a hearing to examine Agricultural Act of 2014 implementation after one year, after re-ceiving testimony from Thomas Vilsack, Secretary of Agriculture; Rich Felts, Felts Farms LLC, Liberty, Kansas; Ronnie Lee, National Cotton Council and Southern Peanut Farmers Federation, Bronwood, Georgia; Clay Mitchell, Buckingham, Iowa; and Mi-chael DeRuiter, Hart, Michigan. 
NOMINATIONS 
Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry: Com-
mittee concluded a hearing to examine the nomina-tions of Jeffery S. Hall, of Kentucky, who was intro-duced by Senator McConnell, and Dallas P. Tonsager, of South Dakota, both to be a Member of the Farm Credit Administration Board, Farm Credit Administration, after the nominees testified and an-swered questions in their own behalf. 
APPROPRIATIONS: DEPARTMENT OF 
STATE 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on State, 
Foreign Operations, and Related Programs concluded a hearing to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2016 for the Department of State, after receiving testimony from John Kerry, Secretary of State. 
WORLDWIDE THREATS 
Committee on Armed Services: Committee began a 
closed hearing to examine worldwide threats, after receiving testimony from James R. Clapper, Director of National Intelligence; and Lieutenant General Vincent Stewart, Director of the Defense Intelligence Agency, Department of Defense. 
Hearing recessed subject to the call and will meet 
again in open session on Thursday, February 26, 2015. 
BUSINESS MEETING 
Committee on Armed Services: Committee adopted its 
rules of procedure for the 114th Congress. 
Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: 
Committee ordered favorably reported S. 527, to award a Congressional Gold Medal to the Foot Sol-diers who participated in Bloody Sunday, Turn-around Tuesday, or in the final Selma to Mont-gomery Voting Rights March in March of 1965, which served as a catalyst for the Voting Rights Act 
of 1965. 
SEMIANNUAL MONETARY POLICY REPORT 
TO THE CONGRESS 
Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: 
Committee concluded a hearing to examine the semiannual Monetary Policy Report to the Congress, after receiving testimony from Janet L. Yellen, Chair, Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System. 
U.S. HUMAN EXPLORATION GOALS AND 
COMMERCIAL SPACE COMPETITIVENESS 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Sub-
committee on Space, Science, and Competitiveness concluded a hearing to examine United States human exploration goals and commercial space com-petitiveness, after receiving testimony from Walter Cunningham (USMC, Ret.), former NASA Astronaut and Apollo 7 Pilot, and John Elbon, Boeing Space Exploration, both of Houston, Texas; Buzz Aldrin (USAF, Ret.), former NASA Astronaut and Apollo 11 Pilot, Satellite Beach, Florida; Michael J. Massimino, former NASA Astronaut and Mission Specialist for Space Shuttle Program, Columbia Uni-versity, New York, New York; and Scott Pace, George Washington University Elliott School of International Affairs Space Policy Institute, and Eric W. Stallmer, Commercial Spaceflight Federation, both of Washington, DC. 
DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR BUDGET 
Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: Committee 
concluded a hearing to examine the President’s pro-posed budget request for fiscal year 2016 for the De-partment of the Interior, after receiving testimony from Sally Jewell, Secretary, and Mike Connor, Dep-uty Secretary, both of the Department of the Inte-rior. 
TAX REFORM, GROWTH AND EFFICIENCY 
Committee on Finance: Committee concluded a hearing 
to examine tax reform, growth and efficiency, after receiving testimony from Jane G. Gravelle, Senior Specialist in Economic Policy, Congressional Re-search Service, Library of Congress; Michael J. Boskin, Stanford University Hoover Institution, Stanford, California; John W. Diamond, Rice Uni-versity’s Baker Institute for Public Policy, and Tax Policy Advisers, LLC, Houston, Texas; and Laura D’Andrea Tyson, University of California Hass School of Business, Berkeley. 
DEPARTMENT OF STATE BUDGET 
Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee concluded 
a hearing to examine a review of resources, priorities 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Feb 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D24FE5.REC D24FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D168 February 24, 2015 
and programs in the President’s proposed budget re-
quest for fiscal year 2016 for the Department of State, after receiving testimony from John Kerry, Secretary of State. 
EFFICIENCY, EFFECTIVENESS, AND 
INDEPENDENCE OF INSPECTORS GENERAL 
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-
fairs: Committee concluded a hearing to examine im-
proving the efficiency, effectiveness, and independ-ence of inspectors general, after receiving testimony from Michael E. Horowitz, Inspector General, De-partment of Justice; Steve A. Linick, Inspector Gen-eral, Department of State, and Inspector General, Broadcasting Board of Governors; John Roth, Inspec-tor General, Department of Homeland Security; and Patrick P. O’Carroll, Jr., Inspector General, Social Security Administration. 
RECALIBRATING REGULATION OF 
COLLEGES AND UNIVERSITIES 
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: 
Committee concluded a hearing to examine recali-brating regulation of colleges and universities, focus-ing on a report from the Task Force on Government Regulation of Higher Education, after receiving tes-timony from William E. Kirwan, University System 
of Maryland, Adelphi; and Nicholas S. Zeppos, Van-derbilt University, Nashville, Tennessee. 
HUMAN TRAFFICKING IN THE UNITED 
STATES 
Committee on the Judiciary: Committee concluded a 
hearing to examine human trafficking in the United States, focusing on protecting the victim, including S. 178, to provide justice for the victims of traf-ficking, and S. 166, to stop exploitation through trafficking, after receiving testimony from Senators Collins, Gillibrand, Ayotte, and Mikulski; Michael Ferjak, Iowa Department of Justice Senior Criminal Investigator and Human Trafficking Enforcement and Prosecution Initiative Director, Des Moines; Holly Austin Smith, Walking Prey, Richmond, Vir-ginia; Malika Saada Saar, Human Rights Project for Girls, Washington, DC; and Jayne Bigelsen, Cov-enant House, New York, New York. 
INTELLIGENCE 
Select Committee on Intelligence: Committee held closed 
hearings on intelligence matters, receiving testimony from officials of the intelligence community. 
Committee recessed subject to the call. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 34 pub-
lic bills, H.R. 1021–1054; and 6 resolutions, H. Con. Res. 17–18; and H. Res. 120–123, were intro-duced.
                                                                      Pages H1112–14 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H1116–17 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: 
H.R. 212, to amend the Safe Drinking Water Act 
to provide for the assessment and management of the risk of cyanotoxins in drinking water, and for other purposes, with amendments (H. Rept. 114–26); 
H.R. 734, to amend the Communications Act of 
1934 to consolidate the reporting obligations of the Federal Communications Commission in order to improve congressional oversight and reduce reporting burdens (H. Rept. 114–27); and 
H. Res. 121, providing for consideration of the 
bill (H.R. 529) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to improve 529 plans; providing for consid-eration of the bill (H.R. 5) to support State and local accountability for public education, protect State and local authority, inform parents of the per-formance of their children’s schools, and for other 
purposes; and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–28). 
                                                                                            Page H1112 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he 
appointed Representative Denham to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                            Page H1087 
Recess: The House recessed at 12:49 p.m. and re-
convened at 2 p.m.                                                    Page H1092 
Recess: The House recessed at 2:12 p.m. and recon-
vened at 4:03 p.m.                                                    Page H1093 
Suspensions: The House agreed to suspend the rules 
and pass the following measures: 
Drinking Water Protection Act: H.R. 212, 
amended, to amend the Safe Drinking Water Act to provide for the assessment and management of the risk of cyanotoxins in drinking water, by a 2/3 yea- and-nay vote of 375 yeas to 37 nays, Roll No. 84; and
                                                         Pages H1094–95, H1100–01 
Agreed to amend the title so as to read: ‘‘To 
amend the Safe Drinking Water Act to provide for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Feb 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D24FE5.REC D24FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D169 February 24, 2015 
the assessment and management of the risk of algal 
toxins in drinking water, and for other purposes.’’. 
                                                                                            Page H1101 
Federal Communications Commission Consoli-
dated Reporting Act of 2015: H.R. 734, to amend 
the Communications Act of 1934 to consolidate the reporting obligations of the Federal Communications Commission in order to improve congressional over-sight and reduce reporting burdens, by a 2/3 yea- and-nay vote of 411 yeas with none voting ‘‘nay’’, Roll No. 85.
                                     Pages H1095–98, H1101–02 
Recess: The House recessed at 4:47 p.m. and recon-
vened at 6:30 p.m.                                                    Page H1100 
Suspension—Proceedings Postponed: The House 
debated the following measure under suspension of the rules. Further proceedings were postponed. 
STEM Education Act of 2015: H.R. 1020, to de-
fine STEM education to include computer science, and to support existing STEM education programs at the National Science Foundation.
       Pages H1098–H1100 
Senate Message: Message received from the Senate 
by the Clerk and subsequently presented to the House today appears on page H1093. 
Quorum Calls—Votes: Two yea-and-nay votes de-
veloped during the proceedings of today and appear 
on pages H1100–01 and H1101–02. There were no quorum calls. 
Adjournment: The House met at 12 noon and ad-
journed at 8:41 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
STUDENT SUCCESS ACT; A BILL TO AMEND 
THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986 TO IMPROVE 529 PLANS 
Committee on Rules: Full Committee held a hearing on 
H.R. 5, the ‘‘Student Success Act’’; and H.R. 529, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to im-prove 529 plans. The committee granted, by voice vote, a closed rule for H.R. 529. The rule provides one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule provides that the amendment in the nature of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Ways and Means now printed in the bill shall be considered as adopted and the bill, as amended, shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against provisions in the bill, as amended. The rule provides one motion to recommit with or with-out instructions. Section 2 of the rule provides a general debate rule for H.R. 5. The rule provides one hour of general debate equally divided and con-trolled by the chair and ranking minority member 
of the Committee on Education and the Workforce. The rule waives all points of order against consider-ation of the bill. The rule provides that no further consideration of the bill shall be in order except pur-suant to a subsequent order of the House. Section 3 of the rule waives the requirement of clause 6(a) of rule XIII (requiring a two-thirds vote to consider a rule on the same day it is reported from the Rules Committee) with respect to any resolution reported through the legislative day of March 2, 2015, relat-ing to a measure making or continuing appropria-tions for the Department of Homeland Security for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2015. Section 4 of the rule provides that it shall be in order at any time through the calendar day of March 1, 2015, for the Speaker to entertain motions that the House sus-pend the rules relating to a measure making or con-tinuing appropriations for the Department of Home-land Security for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2015. Testimony was heard from Chairman Kline, Chairman Ryan of Wisconsin, and Represent-atives Fudge, and Nugent. 
Joint Meetings 
LEGISLATIVE PRESENTATION OF THE DISABLED AMERICAN VETERANS 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: Senate Committee con-
cluded a joint hearing with the House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs to examine the legislative pres-entation of the Disabled American Veterans, after re-ceiving testimony from Ronald F. Hope, Disabled American Veterans, Washington, DC. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR WEDNESDAY, 
FEBRUARY 25, 2015 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Depart-
ment of Defense, to hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2016 for the Air Force, 10:30 a.m., SD–192. 
Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Per-
sonnel, to hold hearings to examine healthcare rec-ommendations of the Military Compensation and Retire-ment Modernization Commission, 2:30 p.m., SH–216. 
Subcommittee on Strategic Forces, to hold hearings to 
examine regional nuclear dynamics, 2:30 p.m., SR–222. 
Committee on the Budget: to hold hearings to examine 
America’s debt, 10:30 a.m., SH–216. 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: to 
hold hearings to examine preserving the multistakeholder model of Internet governance, 10 a.m., SR–253. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Feb 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D24FE5.REC D24FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D170 February 24, 2015 
Committee on Environment and Public Works: to hold hear-
ings to examine Moving Ahead for Progress in the 21st Century Act (MAP–21) reauthorization, focusing on per-spectives from owners, operators, and users of the system, 9:30 a.m., SD–406. 
Committee on Foreign Relations: to hold hearings to exam-
ine the fight against the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (ISIS), focusing on building the coalition and ensuring military effectiveness, 1:30 p.m., SD–419. 
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: 
to hold hearings to examine a 21st century regulatory system, 10 a.m., SD–342. 
Committee on Indian Affairs: business meeting to con-
sider S. 230, to provide for the conveyance of certain property to the Yukon Kuskokwim Health Corporation located in Bethel, Alaska, and S. 321, to revoke the char-ter of incorporation of the Miami Tribe of Oklahoma at the request of that tribe; to be immediately followed by an oversight hearing to examine the President’s proposed budget request for fiscal year 2016 for Indian programs, 2:30 p.m., SD–628. 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: to hold a joint hearing 
with the House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs to exam-ine the legislative presentation of the American Legion, 10 a.m., 345, Cannon Building. 
House 
Committee on Agriculture, Full Committee, hearing to 
launch the top-to-bottom review of the SNAP program, 10 a.m., 1300 Longworth. 
Committee on Appropriations, Subcommittee on Military 
Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies, budget hearing on quality of life in the military, 9:30 a.m., 2362–B Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on Agriculture, Rural Development, 
Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies, hearing on Department of Agriculture, Office of the Sec-retary budget, 10 a.m., 2362–A Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on Financial Services and General Gov-
ernment, hearing on Internal Revenue Service oversight, 10 a.m., 2359 Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on Labor, Health and Human Services, 
and Education, hearing on Department of Health and Human Services budget, 10 a.m., 2358–C Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on Commerce, Justice, Science, and Re-
lated Agencies, hearing on Department of Justice, De-partment of Commerce, and National Aeronautics and Space Administration oversight, 10:30 a.m., H–309 Cap-itol. 
Subcommittee on Interior, Environment, and Related 
Agencies, hearing on Department of the Interior budget, 1 p.m., B–308 Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on Transportation, Housing and Urban 
Development, and Related Agencies, hearing on Depart-ment of Housing and Urban Development budget, 1 p.m., 2358–A Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on Legislative Branch, hearing on House 
of Representatives, Government Accountability Office, and United States Capitol Police budgets, 2 p.m., HT–2 Capitol. Subcommittee on State, Foreign Operations, and Re-
lated Programs, hearing on Department of State and For-eign Operations budget, 2 p.m., 2359 Rayburn. 
Committee on Armed Services, Full Committee, hearing 
entitled ‘‘How Is DOD Responding to Emerging Security Challenges in Europe?’’, 10 a.m., 2118 Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on Seapower and Projection Forces, 
hearing entitled ‘‘Department of the Navy Fiscal Year 2015 Budget Request for Seapower and Projection Forces’’, 2 p.m., 2212 Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on Emerging Threats and Capabilities, 
hearing entitled ‘‘Information Technology Investments and Programs: Supporting Current Operations and Plan-ning for the Future Threat Environment’’, 3:30 p.m., 2118 Rayburn. 
Committee on the Budget, Full Committee, hearing enti-
tled ‘‘Members’ Day’’, 1 p.m., 210 Cannon. 
Committee on Energy and Commerce, Subcommittee on En-
ergy and Power; and Subcommittee on Environment and the Economy, joint hearing entitled ‘‘The Fiscal Year 2016 EPA Budget’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on Communications and Technology, 
hearing entitled ‘‘The Uncertain Future of the Internet’’, 10:30 a.m., 2322 Rayburn. 
Committee on Financial Services , Full Committee, hearing 
entitled ‘‘Monetary Policy and the State of the Economy’’, 10 a.m., HVC–210. 
Committee on Foreign Affairs, Full Committee, hearing 
entitled ‘‘Advancing U.S. Interests in a Troubled World: The FY 2016 Foreign Affairs Budget’’, 10 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. 
Committee on Homeland Security, Full Committee, hearing 
entitled ‘‘Examining the President’s Cybersecurity Infor-mation Sharing Proposal’’, 11:30 a.m., 311 Cannon. 
Committee on the Judiciary, Full Committee, hearing en-
titled ‘‘The Unconstitutionality of Obama’s Executive Ac-tions on Immigration’’, 10:15 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. 
Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, Sub-
committee on National Security; and Subcommittee on Health Care, Benefits and Administrative Rules, joint hearing entitled ‘‘A Review of the Department of Home-land Security’s Policies and Procedures for the Apprehen-sion, Detention, and Release of Non-Citizens Unlawfully Present in the United States’’, 10 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on Transportation and Public Assets, 
hearing entitled ‘‘Preventing Another MH370: Setting International Standards for Airline Flight Tracking’’, 10 a.m., 2247 Rayburn. 
Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘FCC Process: Exam-
ining the Relationship Between the FCC and the White House’’, 2 p.m., 2154 Rayburn. 
Committee on Rules, Full Committee, hearing on H.R. 5, 
the ‘‘Student Success Act’’, 3 p.m., H–313 Capitol. 
Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, Full Com-
mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘An Overview of the Department of Energy’s Budget Proposal for Fiscal Year 2016’’, 10 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. 
Full Committee, markup on the ‘‘Secret Science Re-
form Act of 2015’’; and the ‘‘EPA Science Advisory Board Reform Act of 2015’’, 2 p.m., 2318 Rayburn. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Feb 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D24FE5.REC D24FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D171 February 24, 2015 
Committee on Small Business, Full Committee, hearing 
entitled ‘‘The SBA Budget for FY 2016: Does it Meet the Needs of America’s Small Businesses?’’, 2 p.m., 2360 Rayburn. 
Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, Sub-
committee on Coast Guard and Maritime Transportation, hearing entitled ‘‘President’s Fiscal Year 2016 Budget Request for Coast Guard and Maritime Transportation Programs’’, 10 a.m., 2167 Rayburn. 
Committee on Ways and Means, Subcommittee on Social 
Security, organizational meeting for the 114th Congress; hearing on maintaining the Disability Insurance Trust 
Fund’s solvency, 2 p.m., B–318 Rayburn. 
Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, Full Com-
mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘World Wide Threats’’, 10 a.m., HVC–304. This hearing will be closed. 
Joint Meetings 
Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe: to hold 
hearings to examine Serbia’s leadership of the Organiza-tion for Security and Cooperation in Europe (OSCE), fo-cusing on priorities and insights regarding the ongoing work of the OSCE, 2:30 p.m., 2200 Rayburn Building. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Feb 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D24FE5.REC D24FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postage
is paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are
printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances when
two or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through
the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov , free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the
Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.
Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov . ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S.
Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made
payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing
each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents
in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from
the Congressional Record .
POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record , U.S. Government Publishing Office,
Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD172 February 24, 2015 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 
9:30 a.m., Wednesday, February 25 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Wednesday: Senate will be in a period of 
morning business. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
10 a.m., Wednesday, February 25 
House Chamber 
Program for Wednesday: Consideration of H.R.529— 
To amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to improve 529 plans (Subject to a Rule) and H.R. 5—Student Suc-cess Act (Subject to a Rule). 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE 
Bishop, Sanford D., Jr., Ga., E232, E239 
Carter, John R., Tex., E238 Castor, Kathy, Fla., E233, E238, E239, E241 Collins, Chris, N.Y., E234 Crenshaw, Ander, Fla., E242 Duckworth, Tammy, Ill., E235 Duncan, John J., Jr., Tenn., E236 Eshoo, Anna G., Calif., E237 Esty, Elizabeth H., Conn., E235 Farr, Sam, Calif., E242 Hastings, Alcee L., Fla., E234, E241 Hice, Jody B., Ga., E232, E237, E240 
Higgins, Brian, N.Y., E231 Israel, Steve, N.Y., E232 Jackson Lee, Sheila, Tex., E233, E237 Johnson, Eddie Bernice, Tex., E236, E243 Lamborn, Doug, Colo., E231 Lee, Barbara, Calif., E232, E240 Lewis, John, Ga., E235 Lowey, Nita M., N.Y., E235 Lujan Grisham, Michelle, N.M., E243 MacArthur, Thomas, N.J., E234, E241 McDermott, Jim, Wash., E239 Norton, Eleanor Holmes, D.C., E235, E238 Payne, Donald M., N.J., E242 
Perlmutter, Ed, Colo., E232, E233, E234, E235, E236, 
E237, E238, E240, E241, E242 
Rice, Kathleen M., N.Y., E231 Rokita, Todd, Ind., E240 Roskam, Peter J., Ill., E237 Swalwell, Eric, Calif., E234 Walorski, Jackie, Ind., E243 Wilson, Joe, S.C., E242, E243 Young, David, Iowa, E238 Young, Todd C., Ind., E236 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Feb 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D24FE5.REC D24FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST