Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H1375 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 27, 2015 No. 34 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 9 a.m. and was 
called to order by the Speaker. 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick 
J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: 
Eternal God, through Whom we see 
what we could be and what we can be-come, thank You for giving us another day. 
In these days, our Nation is faced 
with pressing issues, including, once again, a troubling impasse. Grant wis-dom, knowledge, and understanding to Members of each party, as well as an extra measure of charity, that a work-able solution can be reached to the benefit of all Americans. 
Help us all to be patient, yet resolute 
in the desire to do what is the right thing to do, however Your inspiration might impel. 
And may all that is done this day be 
for Your greater honor and glory. 
Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL 
The SPEAKER. The Chair has exam-
ined the Journal of the last day’s pro-ceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-
nal stands approved. 
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
Mr. Speaker, pursuant to clause 1, rule I, I demand a vote on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. 
The SPEAKER. The question is on 
the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
Mr. Speaker, I object to the vote on the ground that a quorum is not present and make the point of order that a quorum is not present. 
The SPEAKER. Pursuant to clause 8, 
rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. The point of no quorum is considered 
withdrawn. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The SPEAKER. Will the gentle-
woman from Indiana (Mrs. B ROOKS ) 
come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. 
Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana led the 
Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE 
PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE OF THE SENATE AND THE SPEAKER OF THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTA-TIVES 
The SPEAKER laid before the House 
the following communication from the Honorable O
RRIN G. H ATCH , President 
Pro Tempore of the Senate, and the Honorable J
OHN A. B OEHNER , Speaker 
of the House of Representatives: 
CONGRESS OF THE UNITED STATES , 
Washington, DC, February 27, 2015. 
APPOINTMENT OF DIRECTOR OF CONGRESSIONAL  
BUDGET OFFICE  
Pursuant to section 201(a)(2) of the Con-
gressional Budget and Impoundment Control Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 601), the Speaker of the House of Representatives and the President pro tempore of the Senate hereby jointly ap-point Dr. Homer Keith Hall as Director of the Congressional Budget Office, effective April 1, 2015, for the term expiring January 3, 2019. 
O
RRIN G. H ATCH , 
President Pro Tempore 
of the Senate. 
JOHNA. B OEHNER , 
Speaker of the House 
of Representatives. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
The SPEAKER. The Chair will enter-
tain up to five requests for 1-minute speeches on each side of the aisle. NET NEUTRALITY 
(Mr. M
CCLINTOCK asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, yes-
terday, the Obama majority on the FCC seized unprecedented control over the Internet under the guise of ‘‘net neutrality.’’ 
Net neutrality is the notion that the 
latest cat video is of equal importance to a teleconference consultation for a heart patient. To impose this leftist ideology on the Internet, the FCC has just placed it under the same stifling regulatory structure as the phone com-pany or broadcast stations. 
This gives them potential control 
over content and it destroys the price- driven incentives for innovation, ex-pansion, speed, economy, and service that Americans have long enjoyed. It means higher costs as government piles on new fees. It means slowed expansion as the natural incentives to invest are stifled. Europe operates under this sort of regulatory scheme, and its Internet service is conspicuously inferior, slow-er, and ponderous. 
The reason the Internet has grown 
and thrived is because government has kept its fat, corrupt, incompetent hands off of it. That era ended yester-day, and that is a shame. 
f 
PUBLIC APOLOGY TO THE 
HONORABLE KEVIN M CCARTHY 
(Mr. HOYER asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to 
publicly apologize to Leader M
CCARTHY  
for a remark I made to myself that was picked up by the House microphone yesterday. 
It was said out of frustration and 
anger, it was wrong, and I have apolo-gized privately to Mr. M
CCARTHY , who 
I believe is a man of integrity in this House. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:10 Feb 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27FE7.000 H27FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1376 February 27, 2015 
CHRIS KYLE MEDAL OF HONOR 
ACT 
(Mr. WILLIAMS asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. Speaker, yester-
day, I introduced a bill that would au-thorize and request the President to award our Nation’s highest military honor to a Texan who served this Na-tion with distinction and bravery. 
Chris Kyle, a Navy SEAL, protected 
countless American troops as they went into battle. Chris Kyle volun-tarily put his life on the line when he completed his first tour in Iraq, and when he returned not once, but three more times. 
Make no mistake, the Medal of Honor 
will not bring back a husband, father, son, and a model Texan. But the Medal of Honor will show Chris Kyle’s family our gratitude for his relentless devo-tion to our country. 
Mr. Speaker, since its inception, the 
Medal of Honor has been awarded 3,507 times. I challenge someone to tell me Chris Kyle didn’t show the bravery that is a prerequisite for this high honor. I challenge anyone to tell me that his courageous acts are undeserving of this recognition. 
Chris Kyle is someone who we should 
strive to be. He is a true American pa-triot whose acts of valor must be per-manently etched in our Nation’s his-tory. 
In God we trust. 
f 
CENTRAL KITSAP IMPACT AID 
(Mr. KILMER asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. KILMER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to speak about the importance of impact aid, which helps more than 1,300 school districts in our country make up for lost revenue due to the impact of Federal activity and Federal lands that reduce the available tax base. 
Among the most heavily impacted 
districts in the country, the Central Kitsap School District is home to many students whose parents work at naval facilities. For too long, this school district has not received the heavy impact aid funding that it has historically relied on to support these military-connected kids. 
I would like to thank the Education 
and the Workforce Committee Ranking Member Mr. S
COTT for working with 
me to include a provision in an amend-ment that we will soon consider to help school districts like Central Kitsap get the impact aid funding they rely on. 
I look forward to working with the 
committee and our colleagues in the Senate to include this provision in any final legislation that reauthorizes the Elementary and Secondary Education Act. 
Mr. Speaker, this is important to 
kids. HONORING ALLEN HARRINGTON 
(Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana asked and 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise today to talk about an Amer-ican hero. 
Allen Harrington of Anderson, Indi-
ana, was one of the Nation’s first Afri-can American Marines. He and his fel-low Montford Point Marines broke the U.S. Marine Corps color barrier during World War II. Mr. Harrington specifi-cally worked in an ammunitions fac-tory and aided efforts to rescue pris-oners of war being held by the Japa-nese. 
How many Americans can say they 
broke racial barriers while serving our country when the future of the free world was on the line? Allen Har-rington could. 
Unfortunately, he passed away in 
2002, 9 years before legislation was passed awarding living members of the Montford Point Marines the Congres-sional Gold Medal. 
This weekend, residents of Anderson 
and his family will gather at city hall to pay tribute to his tremendous leg-acy. I look forward to presenting his daughter, Darlene, a special certificate and letter from the President and a replica Montford Point Marine medal. 
I am proud to know this American 
hero hails from Indiana’s Fifth Dis-trict. I am even more proud his re-markable life will finally receive the recognition it deserves. 
f 
DHS SHUTDOWN 
(Ms. SCHAKOWSKY asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, 
once again, the Republicans have brought us to the brink of a govern-ment shutdown, this time, the Depart-ment of Homeland Security. 
For weeks, the Department specifi-
cally designed to keep America and Americans safe has been forced to spend time and resources making plans to lay off 30,000 workers and stop pay-checks for hundreds of thousands of critical workers like the Coast Guard and Border Patrol agents and TSA at the airports. 
Why are they on this dangerous mis-
sion? So they can continue their futile and cruel war against immigrant chil-dren and families. 
Now I hear they will try to put the 
Department of Homeland Security back in limbo for another 3 weeks while they figure out some other mis-chief. This is reckless. This is irrespon-sible and dangerous. 
Shame on the Republicans for doing 
this. Stop it. Just pass a clean bill for a continuous funding of the Depart-ment of Homeland Security. 
f 
RARE DISEASE DAY 
(Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania 
asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-
vise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
Mr. Speaker, tomorrow is Rare Disease Day, and I stand to help raise aware-ness for more than 7,000 different types of different rare diseases and disorders that affect more than 300 million peo-ple nationwide. 
Today, the National Institutes of 
Health is celebrating its eighth annual Rare Disease Day, and I applaud their efforts to bring awareness to this very important issue. 
Mr. Speaker, in the United States, a 
condition is considered rare if it affects fewer than 200,000 people combined in a particular group. In the U.S. today, there are approximately 30 million peo-ple living with rare disease, many of whom are inflicted with diseases whose symptoms are so complex that they 
simply remain undiagnosed. It is esti-mated that 80 percent of rare diseases are genetic in origin, and about half of all rare diseases affect children. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask all my colleagues 
to join me not just today but every day in helping to raise awareness on this very important issue that affects so many people in this Nation and around the world. 
f 
DHS SHUTDOWN 
(Mr. PETERS asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. PETERS. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to urge House Republican leader-ship to put a clean bill to fund the De-partment of Homeland Security on the floor for a vote. 
It is our job to lead this great Na-
tion, and America deserves better than political gamesmanship. The threats facing our country are real. The De-partment of Homeland Security is on the front lines making sure our com-munities are safe. They secure our boarders and ports and ensure airports are safe for millions of travelers. 
If Congress fails to fund DHS, 169,000 
Border Patrol agents, Customs and Border Protection officers, TSA avia-tion and security screeners, and Active Duty Coast Guard military will report to work but will not receive a pay-check. And that is just wrong. 
I joined several of my colleagues this 
week to introduce legislation to with-hold congressional pay if Homeland Se-curity is shut down. It is simple: if the hardworking men and women in the Department of Homeland Security will continue to go to work but not receive a paycheck, Members of Congress who have failed to do their job should not receive a paycheck either. 
Let’s do the right thing. Cleanly fund 
our Homeland Security and quit polit-ical gamesmanship. 
f 
RECOGNIZING NICHOLAS BENNETT 
(Mr. COLLINS of Georgia asked and 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:10 Feb 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27FE7.002 H27FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1377 February 27, 2015 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise today to congratulate Nich-olas Bennett for making his 1,000th half-court basketball shot on Saturday, January 24. 
Let me say it is not the shot that is 
impressive, it is Nicholas. You see, Nicholas, a senior at North Hall High School who also has autism, has been manager of his school’s varsity basket-ball team for 4 years. As a freshman, he made it his goal to sink 1,000 half-court shots by graduation. He has amazed his teammates by consistently making those on the way to fulfilling his prom-ise. 
Nicholas got his first-ever starting 
opportunity at the North Hall-Gaines-ville basketball game last month. He scored on the opening play and sunk his 1,000th half-court shot during half-time. 
One of those people who impresses 
you the minute you meet him, Nich-olas’ kindness, determination, and dedication to his team are an inspira-tion. His motto is ‘‘have faith,’’ and it speaks to northeast Georgia’s core val-ues. 
Today, I join with the Ninth District 
in recognizing Nicholas’ outstanding character and wish him the best in his future endeavors. Sometimes it is not about the shots; it is about the person making the shots. And Nicholas, you remind us to have faith. 
f 
DHS SHUTDOWN 
(Ms. LINDA T. SA ´NCHEZ of Cali-
fornia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. LINDA T. SA ´NCHEZ of Cali-
fornia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to call out my Republican colleagues for aban-doning their duty to govern and pro-tect our national security. 
We are just hours away from asking 
200,000 DHS employees who protect our country to go without pay because Re-publicans can’t get their act together. A DHS shutdown doesn’t protect us from national security threats, and it certainly doesn’t solve our disagree-ments over immigration policy. This is nothing more than a tantrum, but even my 5-year-old son knows that tantrums are a waste of time. 
It is time to grow up and govern. Will 
you listen to the extremists in your party who are focused on obstruction of progress, or will you listen to the majority of Americans who want us to fund DHS, want us to act on com-prehensive immigration reform, and want us to govern like adults? 
I urge my colleagues to pass a clean 
DHS funding bill. 
f 
b0915 
REQUEST FOR ADDITIONAL ONE 
MINUTE 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unani-
mous consent to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend my remarks. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair will not entertain that request at this time. 
PARLIAMENTARY INQUIRY  
Mr. POLIS. Point of parliamentary 
inquiry, Mr. Speaker. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman will state his parliamentary in-quiry. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, who ob-
jected to the motion? 
I did not hear an objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair announced that he would enter-tain five requests for 1-minute speeches on each side, and all those five requests have been entertained. 
Mr. POLIS. Point of parliamentary 
inquiry. If I receive unanimous consent for a sixth request, am I not able to give that request under the rules of the House? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair is exercising his discretion not to recognize for more than five 1-minute speeches on each side. 
f 
RECESS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess for a pe-riod of less than 15 minutes. 
Accordingly (at 9 o’clock and 19 min-
utes a.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b0925 
AFTER RECESS 
The recess having expired, the House 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. H
ULTGREN ) at 9 o’clock 
and 25 minutes a.m. 
f 
FURTHER CONTINUING APPRO-
PRIATIONS RESOLUTION, 2015 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, by direction of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 129 and ask for its immediate consider-ation. 
The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-
lows: 
H. R ES. 129 
Resolved, That upon adoption of this reso-
lution it shall be in order to consider in the House the joint resolution (H.J. Res. 35) making further continuing appropriations for fiscal year 2015, and for other purposes. All points of order against consideration of the joint resolution are waived. The joint resolution shall be considered as read. All points of order against provisions in the joint resolution are waived. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the joint resolution and on any amendment thereto to final passage without intervening motion except: (1) one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and rank-ing minority member of the Committee on Appropriations; and (2) one motion to recom-mit. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Georgia is recognized for 1 hour. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, for the purpose of debate only, I yield the customary 30 minutes to the 
gentlewoman from New York (Ms. S
LAUGHTER ), pending which I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. Dur-ing consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of de-bate only. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to re-vise and extend their remarks. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Georgia? 
There was no objection. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise today in support of a rule and the underlying bill that would provide for funding for the Department of Homeland Security for 3 weeks. 
This short, six-line resolution, House 
Joint Resolution 35, would provide cer-tainty by taking a shutdown of the De-partment of Homeland Security off the table. 
So why are we here today? We are 
here because, last year, the President brought forward a plan to grant execu-tive amnesty to over 4 million illegal immigrants. I believe that the adminis-tration’s actions violate the rule of law, circumvent the role of the Amer-ican people, and undermine the Con-stitution. 
These actions have failed the Amer-
ican people. Over the last few years, the President’s immigration policies have cost the Federal Government mil-lions of dollars. They have cost our States, our communities, and our local schools and hospitals millions more. 
I disagree with executive amnesty be-
cause I believe it is unwise, unlawful, and unconstitutional. That is why, 6 weeks ago, the House of Representa-tives did its job. We passed a bill that provided for the funding of the Depart-ment of Homeland Security and blocked the President’s executive am-nesty actions. 
We had an expectation that the Sen-
ate would then do its work, stand up for the Constitution, while funding the Department of Homeland Security. Un-fortunately, Senate Democrats, includ-ing numerous Senators who have ar-gued repeatedly that no President can unilaterally change the law, have blocked that bill. 
That is why we are here today: be-
cause Senate Democrats refuse to stand up and fight on behalf of the Con-stitution against the President’s execu-tive amnesty plan. We would not be here with a short-term solution if six— 
only six—Senate Democrats would stand up for the American people and stop the President’s executive amnesty plan. 
Fortunately, Mr. Speaker, the State 
of Texas and others, including my great home State of Georgia, stepped up to the plate and led a lawsuit with other States against the President and his unilateral actions. A judge in Texas ruled on that case 11 days ago and said that the President’s November execu-tive amnesty action was illegal. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:10 Feb 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27FE7.003 H27FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1378 February 27, 2015 
As long as his injunction remains in 
place, no Federal dollars can be used to fund the President’s executive action on immigration. That means that, for the time being, the President’s plan has been stopped dead in its tracks. 
In the meantime, I believe the House 
must do everything it can to fund the Department of Homeland Security at a critical time, which is why I stand in support of the rule that will fund the Department through March 19. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
to thank the gentleman, my friend, Mr. C
OLLINS , for yielding me the customary 
30 minutes, and I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, in this House, we use a 
manual of rules that was written by 
Thomas Jefferson. In 1801, when he began writing his manual of parliamen-tary procedures, he surely imagined a Chamber which followed the rules would be orderly, steadfast, and unwav-ering and that could govern our Nation in a respectable way; but under the current majority’s rule, this House stands in deep contrast to that ideal. 
Yet again, we stand on the brink, on 
the edge, on the precipice of a shut-down. 
b0930 
After 4 years of this kind of leader-
ship of self-inflicted wounds and manu-factured crises, one would think that the House majority would have learned their lesson. It is clear today that they have not. 
First, Republicans promised when 
they took control of this Chamber that they would govern prudently and fairly and openly, with regular order. We haven’t seen any of that. 
Then last November, when Repub-
licans took control of the Senate, we were promised that two Chambers under Republican rule would be better than one and that the games would be over. We surely haven’t seen any of that either. 
The House majority is not content to 
double down on their vendetta against the President; they want to undermine their own party in the process. 
To the best of my knowledge, every 
President since Eisenhower—Repub-lican and Democrat—has set some im-migration enforcement and other prior-ities through executive order. But the majority’s contempt for this President is so strong that they are engaging in an intraparty war, while Rome is burn-ing around them, to see who can punish him the hardest. 
Mr. Speaker, as we stand here debat-
ing this, the Senate is poised to send us a clean, bipartisan bill to fund the De-partment of Homeland Security until the end of the fiscal year. The Repub-lican Senate, with help from Demo-cratic Senators, is ready to do what is right for the country. But the House is so blinded by their need to discredit and disparage the President that they risk the very security of our Nation for political games. House Minority Leader N
ANCY PELOSI  
offered Speaker B OEHNER all 188 Demo-
cratic votes on a clean bill to fund the Department of Homeland Security. He would have only needed to come up 
with 30. But the Speaker refused to take them. And if this dangerous con-tinuing resolution were to pass, it will not be because of Democratic support. It will be pure Republican. 
Democrats have been shut out of the 
process yet again. Today’s closed rule brings the tally to 13 closed rules of the 18 rules passed in the 114th Congress. 
The Secretary of the Department of 
Homeland Security, Jeh Johnson, sent a letter to congressional leaders yes-terday which laid out what is at stake if his Department’s funding is dis-rupted, either through shutdown or short-term continuing resolution. From maintaining airport security, to helping us recover from one of the hardest winters in generations, to guarding against cyber threats, to keeping the U.S. Coast Guard running and monitoring possible lone-wolf at-tacks on our homeland by ISIS, the House majority is threatening the safe-ty and security of our Nation. 
Secretary Johnson went on to say: 
‘‘As I have noted many times, mere ex-tension of a continuing resolution has many of the same negative impacts.’’ In other words, a short-term solution simply keeps us going on this cliff-hanger. It ‘‘exacerbates the uncer-tainty for my workforce and puts us back in the same position, on the brink of a shutdown just days from now.’’ 
How in the world can we run the 
United States like this? What must the rest of the world think of us as we flounder around here trying to inflict all the pain we can on the President of the United States? And in any case, that is more important to too many Members of this House; the prime rea-son for being here is to tear down the government and the President. 
Mr. Speaker, I include the text of the 
letter from Secretary Johnson to con-gressional leaders, dated 26 February 2015, for the R
ECORD . 
U.S. D EPARTMENT OF  
HOMELAND SECURITY , 
Washington, DC, February 26, 2015. 
DEARSPEAKER BOEHNER , MAJORITY LEADER  
MCCONNELL , MINORITY LEADER REID, ANDMI-
NORITY LEADER PELOSI : Thank you for your 
leadership and efforts to pass a clean, full- year appropriations bill for the Department of Homeland Security. As you know, our funding expires tomorrow at midnight. I write to explain to Members of Congress the real and substantial consequences of a fail-ure to pass a full-year appropriations bill by that deadline. 
As an initial matter, it must be noted that 
a potential shutdown of the Department comes at a particularly challenging time for homeland security. It is stunning that we must even contemplate a shutdown of the Department in the current global context. The global terrorist threat has become more decentralized and complex. Terrorist organi-zations are now openly calling for attacks on Western targets. Yesterday’s arrests in New York City highlight the threat of inde-pendent actors in the homeland who support overseas terrorist organizations and radical ideology. We are working hard to stay one 
step ahead of potential threats to aviation security. Last year at this time, the spike in migrant children began to appear at our bor-der; we are deployed to prevent this situa-tion from recurring, and to address it aggres-sively if it does. The Nation is in the midst of a very cold, harsh winter, and the Federal Emergency Management Agency is working with states impacted by record snowfalls. 
Here are just some of the consequences for 
homeland security if the Departments fund-ing lapses and we shut down: 
First, about 170,000 employees will be re-
quired to work, but will not get paid for that work during the period of a shutdown. This includes our Coast Guard, Border Patrol agents, Secret Service agents, Transpor-tation Security Administration officers, and others on the front lines of our homeland se-curity. These working men and women de-pend on biweekly paychecks to make ends meet for themselves and their families. For them, personally, work without pay is dis-ruptive and demoralizing. Even worse for our people are the public statements by some that make light of a shutdown, which dis-regards DHS employees’ personal sacrifices and dedication to our Nation’s security. 
Second, approximately 30,000 men and 
women of the Department must be fur-loughed and sent home without pay. Our fi-nancial management, human resources, pro-curement and contracting, and information technology teams—the institutional back-bone of the Department—will be reduced by 90 percent, from over 2,000 to just 208 people. My own immediate headquarters staff will be cut by about 87 percent. Our Science and Technology team, which is intensely focused on developing non-metallic explosive detec-tion capabilities as well as other tech-nologies to counter threats to aviation, will be cut 94 percent, from 448 to 26 people. Our Domestic Nuclear Detection Office, which is our Nation’s primary research and develop-ment lead for development of advanced nu-clear detection technologies and technical forensic capabilities, will also be cut 94 per-cent, from 121 to just 7 people. 
Third, contracting services across the De-
partment, including those for critical mis-sion support activities, will be disrupted and/ or interrupted altogether. Depending upon the length of a shutdown, contract awards and major acquisitions could be impacted. In the event of a shutdown, negotiations to con-struct the United States Coast Guard’s 8th National Security Cutter will be delayed, po-tentially leading to an increase in costs. 
Fourth, our $2.5 billion-a-year grant-mak-
ing to state, local, tribal, and territorial gov-ernments, to assist them in preventing, re-sponding to or recovering from terrorist at-tacks, major disasters and other emer-gencies, remains at a standstill (it has al-ready stopped because the Department is currently funded by a Continuing Resolu-tion). Of particular note, the Federal Emer-gency Management Agency’s Emergency Management Performance Grants, which contribute 50 percent of the salaries of state and local emergency management personnel, cannot be funded. 
Fifth, public assistance disaster recovery 
payments to communities affected by pre-vious disasters will grind to a halt. Though these payments are funded with prior-year money, the Federal Emergency Management Agency’s staff that processes them must be furloughed. 
Sixth, depending upon the length of a shut-
down, DHS will no longer be able to support state and local authorities with planning, 
safety, and security resources for special se-curity events such as the Boston and Chi-cago Marathons. 
Seventh, depending upon the length of a 
shutdown, work to complete construction of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:10 Feb 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27FE7.005 H27FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1379 February 27, 2015 
the National Bio and Agro-Defense Facility 
in Kansas, which will replace the aging 1950s- era Plum Island facility in New York, could be disrupted. 
Eighth, new hires across the Department 
must be halted, disrupting critical missions to secure the border, protect millions of daily airline passengers, strengthen security at the White House, and deploy new ICE in-vestigators. Routine attrition hiring would cease across the Department, seriously un-dermining our homeland security frontline staffing needs. Our plans to increase CBP staffing at our ports of entry by 2,000 offi-cers, and to maintain the Transportation Se-curity Administration’s workforce of airport screeners and air marshals will be under-mined. Our plans to hire additional Secret Service uniformed officers and special agents will also be disrupted. 
Ninth, without funding, all training at the 
Federal Law Enforcement Training Centers will cease. Up to 2,000 local, state, and fed-eral law enforcement trainees from across the country will be sent home. 
Finally, as I have noted many times, mere 
extension of a continuing resolution has many of the same negative impacts. A short- term continuing resolution exacerbates the uncertainty for my workforce and puts us back in the same position, on the brink of a shutdown just days from now. 
I urge Congress, as soon as possible, to pass 
a clean, full-year Fiscal Year 2015 appropria-tions bill for the Department of Homeland Security. 
The American people are counting on us. 
Sincerely. 
J
EHCHARLES JOHNSON , 
Secretary. 
Ms. SLAUGHTER. These are the con-
sequences of the actions of this Cham-ber’s majority, real and dangerous con-sequences: no certainty, no safety, no end in sight. 
I say to my colleagues in the major-
ity: The Senate is giving you a way out of this thorny, treacherous brush that you have built up around yourselves, and I urge you and I implore you to fol-low the path out of that brush. It is the right thing to do for the country, and it is certainly the right thing to do for this institution. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. COLLINS OF GEORGIA. Mr. 
Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
This, frankly, is an understanding. 
This is not being brought forward out of contempt, as has been said, Mr. Speaker, about this President. This has to do with institutional integrity, that each branch has a role, that each body within the Congress has a role. Do your job. That is all we are saying. Make compromises where need be. Work to progress where need be. But when you simply say, I will not do anything—and especially with this executive amnesty action, which we believe should not be funded—that is a valid point of view. We have got to come to the table. But when the administration refuses to ne-gotiate, the American people see truly that we are not functioning, not be-cause of this House, but because of what is happening through, frankly, a frustrating policy from this adminis-tration which wants to bypass Con-gress. With that, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself 30 seconds to say, a nego-tiation took place, and that is why a bipartisan bill is passing the Senate at this very moment. 
I am pleased to yield 2 minutes to the 
gentleman from Colorado (Mr. P
OLIS), 
a member of the Committee on Rules. 
Mr. POLIS. I thank the gentlelady 
from New York. 
Mr. Speaker, what we are talking 
about here is simply kicking the can down the road for 3 weeks. The facts on the ground don’t change in 3 weeks. Guess what, President Obama is still President of the United States in 3 weeks. Guess what, H
ARRY REIDis still 
the minority leader with enough votes to prevent something from reaching the 60-vote threshold in the Senate. 
All we are doing is giving the Repub-
licans yet another chance 3 weeks from now to remind the American children of undocumented parents that they want to deport Mom and Dad and to re-mind DREAMers, aspiring Americans who grew up here and know no other country, that they should be deported to a country they don’t even know, haven’t been to, and might not even speak the language of. That is not the way to win friends and influence peo-ple. 
Look, when you are going to people 
in an election cycle, it doesn’t matter how great your agenda is. It might be great for their economics and their pocketbook; it might be great for their values. But you know what, if you are trying to deport Mom and Dad, you are not going to get past the front door. 
Yet here we are, sending ourselves on 
a cycle where every 3 weeks, every 2 weeks, every 6 weeks, apparently, the Republicans want to remind American children that they want to deport Mom and Dad. Apparently the Republicans want to remind young people who grew 
up here, who know no other country, who might want to serve in our mili-tary, who might be a cheerleader or on the football team at high school with your kids, Mr. Speaker, that they, too, should be deported to a country that they don’t know, where they speak a language that they might not even speak. 
That is just simply not a winning 
electoral strategy, and it is contrary to our values as Americans. It is against family values. It is against the values of our Nation, as a nation of immi-grants and a nation of laws. 
Those two can be reconciled through 
sensible, comprehensive immigration reform that addresses our broken im-migration system. And yes, it is bro-ken; and yes, President Obama’s first steps don’t completely fix it; but to-gether, we can make it work. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, at this time, I am pleased to yield 6 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
URGESS ), my good friend, who is 
a member of the Rules Committee. 
Mr. BURGESS. I thank the gen-
tleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I come today, of course, 
to speak on the rule and to encourage passage of the rule and encourage pas-sage of the underlying bill, funding the Department of Homeland Security for the next 21 days. 
I would remind this body that the 
House, last month, funded the Depart-ment of Homeland Security until the end of the fiscal year, September 30. We have since awaited activity over in the Senate or over in the other body, and that activity, unfortunately, has not been forthcoming. So we are left, again, with a deadline situation; and the House leadership, responsibly, has stepped up to provide temporary fund-ing for the next 21 days. 
The problem, of course, goes back to 
November when the House did not want to fund the President’s illegal, unlaw-ful amnesty. It turns out a Federal judge in Texas agreed with us here in the House that it was an illegal am-nesty. 
But in reference to the comments 
just made here on the House floor, here is a pop quiz for everyone. What coun-try is more welcoming than any other country on the face of the Earth? What country allows more people in legally than all other countries combined? Well, that country is the United States of America. 
Last year, over 1 million individuals 
were welcomed into this country le-gally, and it has been so every year that I have been in the Congress for the last 12 years. That is 12 million people, just using simple math. All we ask is that you simply follow existing law. 
For people who want to say our im-
migration system is broken, I would submit that what is broken is our en-forcement system. You had only to look to the southern border last sum-mer and see the flood of unaccom-panied minors coming over—not sneak-ing across the border, simply walking across the border and turning them-selves in—and this country was re-quired to deal with that on an emer-gent basis. The State of Texas was re-quired to deal with that on an emer-gent basis. 
There was a lot of discussion as to 
why that surge happened. I think there is a link back to the President saying: I am going to suspend enforcement of some of our immigration laws. It sent a message. It sent a message to people: Y’all come. Y’all come. The doors are open. If you get here in time, guess what. You won’t have to worry about our laws. 
That was the wrong message because, 
as a consequence, States, like my State of Texas, were required to deal with the influx and were required to deal with the increase in social programs that were then called upon to provide those services that had never been budgeted before because they were, by definition, unexpected. 
I agree that we do have a problem, 
and the problem is the porosity of the southern border, particularly in the Lower Rio Grande Valley sector in the State of Texas. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:10 Feb 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27FE7.006 H27FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1380 February 27, 2015 
The former Governor of Texas, Rick 
Perry, met with the President in Dal-las and invited him down to the border to come and see what we are dealing with, and the President refused. Well, many of us have been to the border. Bi-partisan trips have been conducted to the border, to the Lower Rio Grande Valley sector. 
Thank goodness for the men and 
women who show up there to work every day. Federal, State, and local sheriffs show up to work every day to keep our country safe. And right now, the lion’s share of the enforcement on the border, of the protection on the border, is being done by the Texas De-partment of Safety, the highway pa-trol. The people who are supposed to be out catching speeders on the freeway are actually in boats on the Rio Grande to enforce our border security because it is national security. 
Lieutenant Governor Patrick, when 
he was running for election, said over and over again: The security of the southern border is a Federal responsi-bility, but it is our problem, as State leaders. 
So they have stepped up and they 
have spent money. They have com-mitted money. They have committed people and equipment to that southern border, equipment that should have been pledged by the President of the United States and Department of Homeland Security. 
Former Governor Perry offered Presi-
dent Obama an opportunity to come to the border to see what the problem was. The President refused. I think that was a mistake. I think the Presi-dent should have traveled to the south-ern border. 
The reality is that many of the Cus-
toms and Border Patrol individuals are not even on the border. They are one county in, dealing with the people who have now trekked across some of the most dangerous desert and difficult country around, who have been picked up by Customs and Border Patrol now 40, 50, 80 miles from the southern bor-der. 
The problem is not solved by the 
President’s executive order. The prob-lem is exacerbated. The President is throwing gasoline on the fire on our southern border, and that needs to stop. Thank goodness a Federal judge recognized that, and at least the proc-ess temporarily has been halted. 
The answer, though, is to enforce ex-
isting law, protect and defend our bor-der, as all of us were sworn to do when we took that oath of office. That is the type of reform that is needed. 
Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I am 
pleased to yield 2 minutes to the gen-tleman from New York (Mr. I
SRAEL ). 
Mr. ISRAEL. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
my friend from New York, the ranking member, for the time. 
Mr. Speaker, I come this morning 
with some good news that should make us all very comfortable. We have re-ceived an intelligence dispatch from ISIS and ISIL, and the good news is that they have decided to finance their 
terrorist attacks against the United States and the people of the United States based on a continuing resolu-tion, based on short-term funding. They are going to finance the hijacking of airplanes, attacks on Americans, at-tacks on our Embassies on a 3-week spending resolution. 
Sound preposterous? So is what the 
House Republicans are doing to our De-partment of Homeland Security. 
b0945 
It is a disservice to the American 
people, and it undermines our home-land security. This is not a game, Mr. Speaker. Three terrorists in Brooklyn were arrested yesterday. They were planning to do three things: one, they were planning to hijack airplanes; two, they were planning to kill cops; and three, they were planning to assas-sinate the President. There is one de-partment in the Federal agencies that protects us from hijacking airplanes, assassinating the President, and helps protect us from killing cops. It is the Department of Homeland Security. 
Those terrorists were not planning 
these terrorist attacks based on kick-ing the can in their budgets. They were planning those terrorist attacks based on doing whatever it took at whatever the cost to inflict harm on this coun-try. 
What are House Republicans doing in 
the face of that threat? They are kick-ing the can with 3-week spending reso-lutions because they disagree with the President on an executive order on im-migration. They have the right to their disagreements, Mr. Speaker. If you don’t like immigration, debate it. If you don’t like an executive order, op-pose it. But do not undermine the safe-ty of the American people by weak-ening the Department of Homeland Se-curity with short-term funding resolu-tions while our terrorist opponents and enemies are financing those attacks every single day for as long as it takes. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, at this point in time, I yield 5 min-utes to the gentleman from California (Mr. I
SSA). 
Mr. ISSA. Mr. Speaker, I don’t come 
to the well and speak on rules. I think the gentlewoman from New York will almost not recognize me on the House floor in this capacity. But I think this is an extremely important rule, and I think the last two minority Members made the point for me very well, and I would just like to maybe comment on it for just a moment. 
Mr. P
OLIS is a dear friend of mine 
that I have cosponsored and I am co-sponsoring legislation with. He and I agree on a great deal. He talked about the question of whether this was Amer-ican to do what we are doing. Nothing could be more quintessentially Amer-ican than to say when we have a real difference of opinion between two bod-ies—in this case the House and the Senate—that we want to provide an op-portunity to reconcile those differences and to go to conference, to spend a 
week or two, as necessary, publicly, as the rules require, debating the dif-ferences between our visions. 
Democrats in the Senate have been 
able to keep us from having any kind of a comment on the President’s acts, which have been ruled by a Federal judge as unlawful and unconstitu-tional. 
Now, I just got basically told ‘‘shame 
on you’’ by my other colleague, and I really can’t understand that. He knows that there is a real difference of opin-ion in this body between what the President can do and what he is doing. He said, and I am paraphrasing: Please don’t shut down the government be-cause you disagree. Just disagree. 
Mr. Speaker, the President has made 
it very clear time and time again that the wrong place to argue with him is on a debt limit, the wrong place to argue is on a budget, and now the wrong place to argue is on our one con-stitutional absolute, which is the power of the purse. 
Mr. Speaker, there is no more impor-
tant place to reconcile these dif-ferences than when we are debating the power of the purse. The President has said he has the authority. Fine. A Fed-eral judge will decide that. But the House can decide whether or not to fund him. It is our obligation to decide whether or not his spending of the American people’s hard-earned money is, in fact, consistent with the best in-terests of the American people. 
Now, I want immigration reform. I 
want every aspect of it. I have hard-working farm families in my district who cannot live without an effective solution for an out-of-control farm labor base. Almost every farm laborer in California either is or was unlaw-fully in this country at one time. We have held up other immigration wait-ing to try to get an agreement with the Senate. 
If we do not begin today by creating 
space in our democracy for the healthy debate between the two bodies over the next 3 weeks, then we have shirked our duty. If we simply shut down and give up, we have shirked our duty. If we simply capitulate and fund whatever the President wants—just a blank check—we might as well just say, Spend such funds as you may need to, and go home. That is not what the American people want us to do. They want us to reasonably provide the ad-vice and consent when it comes to ap-propriation. 
This bill was intended to do it. The 3- 
week extension gives the President a full 3 weeks to wage, if you will, his view with the American people, the Senate to do so, but I desperately want the healthy public debate between Members of the House, Members of the Senate, Democrats and Republicans, on what we will do going forward. I would hope my colleagues on the Rules Com-mittee would vote with me, if not on the rule, then certainly on the passage of 3 weeks to give democracy a chance, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:10 Feb 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27FE7.007 H27FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1381 February 27, 2015 
3 weeks for our Republic to do what is 
enshrined in the Constitution, what has been the policy of these two bodies for over 230 years. Provide the 3 weeks, go to conference, publicly debate the differences between the House, the Sen-ate, Republicans and Democrats, the President and, quite frankly, a Federal judge, in front of the American people. 
I have been here 14 years; we have 
been working on immigration prob-lems. The President has been President for 6 years; we have been working on immigration problems. Three weeks of healthy debate, nothing could be more appropriate in our great Republic. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentleman has expired. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. I yield the 
gentleman an additional 1 minute. 
Mr. ISSA. Mr. Speaker, anyone who 
says that we are going to let down the guard on national defense because we are having a healthy debate and we have continued full funding of the De-partment of Homeland Security simply is not being genuine in the discourse. The fact is, 3 weeks of full funding is exactly the right thing to do. Our en-emies will know that we take home-land security seriously, but we also take immigration seriously. 
Mr. Speaker, my colleague, Mr. B
UR-
GESS from Texas, said one thing that 
should be repeated in this body every single time we use the word ‘‘immigra-tion’’: America allows more people to come here through the front door not more than just any country in the world but more than all the countries of the world combined. Over 1.2 million people will immigrate to this country legally this year. We are generous be-yond any other country in the world. So no one can say we are not pro-immi-grant. We are. But there are 11 million people in this country who are unac-counted for, and getting it right and spending those dollars wisely is Mr. B
URGESS ’ requirement, and it is my re-
quirement. To all my colleagues on both sides of the aisle, vote ‘‘yes,’’ make this happen, and we will have a healthy debate in our Republic. 
Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I am 
pleased to yield 2 minutes to the gen-tleman from Michigan (Mr. K
ILDEE ). 
Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, I have to 
note we just heard my friend, Mr. I SSA, 
I think reveal what is really going on here. He said, and I think I am quoting him correctly, referencing the Presi-dent, that we don’t have to fund him. Well, with all due respect, Mr. Speaker, this is not about funding the President. This is about the decision of this body and the Senate, the Republicans in charge, to continue to kick the can down the road and not fund the most essential government function, and that is public safety and national secu-rity. 
So let’s be clear about what is going 
on here. This is a manufactured, delib-erate political crisis intended to de-flect attention from the fact that for 7 weeks—7 weeks in session—we have not seen any of the democratic delibera-tion that my friends on the other side 
have referred to. They could have brought a funding bill in the first week, in the second week, in the third week, in the fourth week, in the fifth week, in the sixth week, or the seventh week that we have been here on the floor of the House. But have they? No. 
On the last day before the Depart-
ment of Homeland Security shuts down, after 7 weeks in session, what do we get? Three weeks of funding. What changes in 3 weeks? What can you do in the next 3 weeks that you have been completely incapable of doing in the last 7 weeks? I don’t see anything changing. 
While the American people are at 
home worrying about how they work harder every day and can’t seem to get ahead, that they can’t seem to put the money aside to put their kids through college, and they can’t seem to put the money aside to make sure that when they retire they are going to be able to enjoy the fruits of their labor, those are the questions that the American people have. 
We have a Republican majority in 
the House and the Senate that can’t even seem to act on the simplest ques-tion of providing for national security. If they are so concerned, Mr. Speaker, about immigration policy, bring an im-migration bill to the floor of the House. Do your job. Legislate on the question of immigration and provide for national defense. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, there is something I will agree with the previous speaker on. I agree this is not about the President. It is about the process. It is about what we have all gone through and said, this is how a bill becomes the law. If we need a re-minder, then let’s talk about that. 
Mr. Speaker, one of the questions 
that was just said is why we would bring, why, when we have been here for the last 6 weeks bringing spending bills and sending them over—let’s talk about what we did do. January 14, the House approves a full-year funding bill for DHS. February 3, Senate Democrats vote to block consideration. February 4, Senate Democrats vote again to block consideration. Uh oh, February 5, around Groundhog Day, somewhere in that neighborhood, Senate Democrats vote a third time to block consider-ation. February 23, in case they forgot, Senate Democrats vote for a fourth time to block consideration. Demo-crats even prevented themselves from offering amendments to strip the lan-guage that they found offensive. 
Mr. Speaker, is there just not a prob-
lem being developed here? We find our-selves in a position today because Sen-ate Democrats refuse to be part of the solution. Again, this goes back to basic civics. Let’s work this out. Let’s do what we need to do. This is about giv-ing us time to let the process work. And as the gentleman had said earlier, what could be different? Maybe this will be different. Maybe the Senate Democrats will learn they are in the minority. The American people spoke 
in November, and it is time that we work together to find solutions. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. J
EFFRIES ). 
Mr. JEFFRIES. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
the distinguished gentlewoman from New York. We are here today to do a single job, and that should be to fund fully the Department of Homeland Se-curity. Anything else is an abdication of our responsibility. Anything else is an act of legislative malpractice sim-ply because of the inability of my friends on the other side of the aisle to satisfy the thirst of the extreme right-wing anti-immigration base of the party. So we are playing political games at a time when the safety and the security of the American people are being threatened. 
I know that all too well, Mr. Speak-
er, because earlier this week the FBI uncovered a plot in Brooklyn in the communities that I represent where in-dividuals sought to impart bombs to the Coney Island neighborhood that I represent. And yet we are here playing games, government by crisis. This, of course, is nothing new: fiscal cliff, se-questration, 16-day government shut-down in October of 2013, a flirtation with defaulting on our debt, and now we want to shut down the Department of Homeland Security because my friends on the other side of the aisle can’t get their act together. 
We need all hands on deck right now, 
Mr. Speaker. That means the FBI, the CIA, the NSA, and the Department of Homeland Security working together. Why would we want to either shut the Department down or create a level of uncertainty where people within the Department of Homeland Security are distracted when we know that the ter-rorists only have to be right once and where we have to be correct 100 percent of the time in order to protect the American people? 
You claim to be strict construc-
tionists as it relates to the Constitu-tion. We have an article I legislative branch, an article II executive branch, and an article III judicial branch. The Founders said if there is a conflict, if you have got concerns, if you have got constitutional issues, then let the judi-cial branch work it out. That is what is going on right now. 
b1000 
We should be doing our job instead of 
taking the American people on another reckless legislative joyride that is sim-ply going to crash and burn, this time affecting the safety and security of the American people. 
They want us to focus on good-pay-
ing jobs. They want us to focus on re-tirement security, higher education af-fordability, better childcare, strength-ening the middle class and all those 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:13 Jan 29, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 J:\CRONLINE\2015-BATCH-FEB\2015 NEW REC FILES \H27FE5.REC H27FE5bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1382 February 27, 2015 
who aspire to be part of it. They want 
us to further the American Dream. But we are here playing games with their safety and security. It is a shame. 
Let’s get back to doing the business 
of the American people. Vote down this rule, and vote down the underlying 3- week reckless extension. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, again, I greatly respect my friends across the aisle, but we do have to un-derstand exactly what we are bringing forward is not a bill we are bringing forward to shut down the government. We are bringing something forward to fund it for the next 3 weeks while we continue to work on a process of get-ting stuff done. 
Again, I agree with my colleagues. 
We are trying to fight. We had to work on the 529 plan that, frankly, the ad-ministration had some issues with. We fixed that here in the House this week. We are working on the problems that matter to kitchen tables around this country. Republicans are doing that, but they are also standing up for what we learned in civics lessons, is that this is the way the legislative process works. 
If I just need to repeat it one more 
time, let’s go through it once more. January 14, the House did its job. It ap-proved a full-year spending bill. Feb-ruary 3, Senate Democrats voted to block consideration. February 4, Sen-ate Democrats vote again to block con-sideration. February 5, Senate Demo-crats vote a third time to block consid-eration again—as we will go along, as you know, February 23, same story, three times, fourth time removed. 
Democrats even prevented them-
selves from offering amendments to strip language they found offensive. I guess, after so many years of not being able to offer amendments, they forgot how. They are preventing their own selves from doing this in the Senate. It is time we act. This is the issue that we are dealing with today and will con-tinue to do so. 
With that, Mr. Speaker, I reserve the 
balance of my time. 
Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I am 
pleased to yield 2 minutes to the gen-tlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON  
LEE). 
(Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was 
given permission to revise and extend her remarks.) 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I 
thank my good friend from New York for the time; and my good friend, as well, on the Rules Committee, let me thank you for the time. We share time on the Judiciary Committee. He is a good friend. 
In this instance, I vigorously dis-
agree and say that it is about the President. It is about the President on every term, from the Affordable Care Act to his reasoned, constitutionally premised response to the tragedy of un-documented individuals in this country over and over again. It is about the President. It is about the President when there is not one item that the President has put forward that you are 
agreeing to. 
Right now, let me change my story 
because I am here today—though I wanted to honor a dear person who is in my district today, and I am not able to be there, I was leaving last night— but because of this immediate crisis and the foolery that is going on, the ig-noring of the words of the experts, such as the Secretary of Homeland Security, that says as an initial matter in a let-ter he sent to all of us, it must be noted that a potential shutdown of the Department comes at a particularly challenging time for Homeland Secu-rity. 
It is stunning that we must even con-
template a shutdown of the Depart-ment in the current global context. The global terrorist threat has become more decentralized and complex. The FBI Director said that there is an ISIS- ISIL cell in every State. 
Mr. Speaker, the tomfoolery of Re-
publicans is absurd, that they are will-ing to play with the lives of Americans, that they are willing to throw under the bus the thousands upon thousands of important, essential, and crucial workers in the Department of Home-land Security. The FBI said, under this new fusion of work together, that the Department of Homeland Security is crucial. 
In my district, people are coming up 
to my staff and asking, What is going to happen in Houston—a place where, when we were in the midst of 9/11, there were rumors about planes going to the energy sector. 
This is a foolish position that we are 
in. I demand that we vote for a clean DHS bill that is coming from the Sen-ate. This is foolish. This is outrageous. I cannot understand what is going on with Republicans that they are, in es-sence, killing us here in this House. This is absurd. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
I think it is sort of interesting—and 
I appreciate my colleague from Texas— but I think the well-reasoned response of the administration to the issue that is going on, I think there just happens to be a contrary opinion found in a Federal judge in Texas, so maybe so much for the well-reasoned opinion. 
With that, I yield 3 minutes to the 
gentleman from Ohio (Mr. C
HABOT ). 
Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, the House 
went through regular order to fully fund the Department of Homeland Se-curity, but in keeping with our con-stitutional right, we elected to not fund the President’s executive am-nesty. 
We have a policy difference with the 
President, that is clear. He supports amnesty; we support the rule of law. Let’s debate that. H
ARRY REIDand the 
President want to play games and, in doing so, are jeopardizing America’s se-curity to win political points. It is sad. 
Republicans funded the Department 
of Homeland Security. We have not funded the President’s illegal actions. 
Now, Democrats are playing politics with it. This is not the time or place. This is about funding the Department of Homeland Security, which we have done. Now, Senate Democrats are play-ing political gamesmanship to defend his executive amnesty. 
Democrats are the ones putting the 
Department of Homeland Security in peril to defend an illegal action taken by this President. We have passed a bill that funds every aspect of the Depart-ment of Homeland Security, except for the President’s illegal actions. That is a reasonable stand to make. 
President Obama did what he said he 
couldn’t do more than 20 times. He said he couldn’t do what he did. He went outside the bounds of the Constitution to make law that was politically expe-dient, in his point of view. He didn’t work with the legislative branch. He went outside of it. We disagree with that action. We have the power of the purse. It is our responsibility to appro-priate money and to make law. 
The House has funded the Depart-
ment of Homeland Security, and we have responsibility to go through reg-ular order to do so. We did that. H
ARRY  
REIDand the President are the ones 
throwing a temper tantrum right now. 
This rule for this bill is necessary. 
Let’s pass this rule. Let’s pass this bill. Let’s fund the Department of Home-land Security. Let’s stop playing polit-ical brinksmanship. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair asks Members to refrain from making improper references to the President. 
Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
The Department of Homeland Secu-
rity will run out of money and shut down tonight. House Democrats, Sen-ate Democrats, the White House, and Senate Republicans all agree on what to do to pass the bipartisan bill to fully fund the Department for the rest of the fiscal year. 
The Republican majority in the 
House of Representatives is the only one standing in the way. Our next vote on ordering the previous question will be a vote on whether to continue down that dangerous path or to govern re-sponsibly and to put our national secu-rity ahead of partisan politics. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the 
distinguished gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. L
OWEY ), the ranking mem-
ber on Appropriations, to discuss how essential it is that we pass a clean full- year appropriations bill. 
Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to urge this House to imme-diately take up and pass a clean fund-ing bill for the Department of Home-land Security. 
By defeating the previous question 
on the pending rule, we can imme-diately make in order a clean Home-land Security bill and stop the theat-rics over the President’s use of execu-tive orders. My colleague Ms. R
OYBAL - 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:10 Feb 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27FE7.011 H27FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1383 February 27, 2015 
ALLARD and I made several similar at-
tempts, which were unfortunately de-feated on party-line votes. 
It is my sincere hope that my friends 
on the other side of the aisle are now 
prepared to end this standoff with only hours left before the Department of Homeland Security shuts down. Repub-licans are playing a dangerous game with our security. 
As the ranking minority member of 
the Appropriations Committee, I was involved in the bipartisan, bicameral negotiations on the omnibus spending bill that passed the House and Senate and was signed by the President last December. 
That package could have contained 
all 12 annual spending bills because all 12 were negotiated in conference—bi-partisan, Democrats and Republicans— and every one of them was ready to go; but an unfortunate decision was made by the leadership of this body to omit the Homeland Security bill, not be-cause there were outstanding issues or continued disputes. 
That bill was stripped from the omni-
bus because some in this body were upset by the President’s executive order on immigration. They even ad-mitted the President’s actions had lit-tle to do with the Homeland Security Appropriations bill, yet that was the choice that was made on how to pro-ceed. 
The Homeland Security Appropria-
tions bill was forced to operate under a continuing resolution instead of having a full-year bill. Ironically, it meant that the Customs and Border Protec-tion and Immigration and Customs En-forcement, two of the agencies tasked with defending our borders and enforc-ing our immigration laws, had to do without the nearly $1 billion increase they would have gotten under the full- year bill. 
Delaying the full-year bill limits the 
Department’s ability to advance the Secretary’s unity of effort initiative, designed to improve coordination in our security missions; limits the abil-ity of the Secretary to move ahead with the Southern Border and Ap-proaches Campaign; creates uncer-tainty regarding ICE’s capacity to de-tain and deport dangerous criminals; complicates the Department’s ability to deal with another influx of unac-companied children at our border sta-tions; delays implementation of the new security upgrades at the White House and hiring increases of the U.S. Secret Service; and delays terrorism preparedness and response grants for State and local public safety personnel. 
I do understand that many of my col-
leagues on the other side of the aisle feel quite strongly about the Presi-dent’s use of executive orders on immi-gration policy; but do they have the courage of their convictions to look the first responders they represent in the eye and tell them that they are holding up critical assistance to fire-fighters, law enforcement, EMTs, and emergency managers because of an ide-ological fight over immigration? My friends, this is disgraceful. This is 
irresponsible. The Homeland Security bill should never have been held hos-tage. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentlewoman has expired. 
Ms. SLAUGHTER. I yield the gentle-
woman an additional 30 seconds. 
Mrs. LOWEY. With only hours left 
until the Republican shutdown, hasn’t this gone on long enough? Isn’t it time to abandon this failed strategy and pass a clean full-year bill? 
To that end, I urge this whole House 
to join me today in defeating the pre-vious question so that my colleague, Ms. S
LAUGHTER , can offer an amend-
ment to provide a clean full-year ap-propriations bill for the Department of Homeland Security. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
I think the question that was just 
asked, Mr. Speaker, on the floor is: Do we have the courage to tell first re-sponders and others that we will fund and put forward a bill to keep funding going for 3 years? The answer is a re-sounding ‘‘yes.’’ 
The question would be to my friends 
across the aisle: Do you have the cour-age to tell them that, this afternoon, you are going to vote ‘‘no?’’ That is the better question. 
With that, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I am 
pleased to yield 3 minutes to the gen-tleman from Maryland (Mr. H
OYER ), 
the Democrat whip. 
Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, what we 
ought to have the courage to do is to tell all our Homeland Security per-sonnel, We are going to fund you through the end of this year, as we have told every other employee in the Federal Government that is protecting us and serving us on a day-to-day basis. 
Mr. Speaker, the majority party said 
to the American people in a pledge to America: 
We will end the practice of packaging un-
popular bills with ‘‘must-pass’’ legislation. 
The funding of the Department of 
Homeland Security is a must-pass piece of legislation, legislation to cir-cumvent the will of the American peo-ple. 
Instead, we will advance major legislation 
one issue at a time. 
Mr. Speaker, they are breaking that 
pledge today. 
b1015 
PETER KING, the former Republican 
chairman of the Committee on Home-land Security, said this: ‘‘If a clean bill comes here, as we expect to happen in just a few hours, we have to accept and vote on it.’’ He then said, in reference to this cul-de-sac strategy that the ma-jority party is following of continuing to go into a dead end, he said this, P
ETER KING: ‘‘I think up to this point, 
we’ve engaged in an exercise of tactical malpractice. Self-delusion is self-de-structive.’’ There is not a Republican in this 
House who believes this strategy will do anything but run them back into that cul-de-sac that they went into in December, at the expense of the con-fidence of Americans that their Depart-ment of Homeland Security, tasked to make them safe, tasked to provide for the security of this Nation, will, in fact, be operating on a full basis. 
Lastly, Mr. Speaker, I include in the 
R
ECORD a letter dated yesterday from 
Secretary Jeh Johnson and read this key excerpt from it. Secretary Johnson said: ‘‘Finally, as I have noted many times, mere extension of a continuing resolution has many of the same nega-tive impacts’’—outlined in this letter. ‘‘A short-term continuing resolution exacerbates the uncertainty for my workforce and puts us back in the same position, on the brink of a shutdown.’’ 
For those Republicans who believe 
that we ought to do the responsible thing, as P
ETER KINGhas said, vote 
against the previous question. Vote for a rule that provides for the consider-ation of the Senate-passed bill, which they, 98–2, decided to put on the floor because they thought it was good pol-icy. 
KEY EXCERPT: ‘‘Finally, as I have noted 
many times, mere extension of a continuing resolution has many of the same negative impacts. A short-term continuing resolution exacerbates the uncertainty for my work-force and puts us back in the same position, on the brink of a shutdown just days from now.’’ 
F
EBRUARY 26, 2015. 
DEARSPEAKER BOEHNER , MAJORITY LEADER  
MCCONNELL , MINORITY LEADER REID, ANDMI-
NORITY LEADER PELOSI : 
Thank you for your leadership and efforts 
to pass a clean, full-year appropriations bill for the Department of Homeland Security. As you know, our funding expires tomorrow at midnight. I write to explain to Members of Congress the real and substantial con-sequences of a failure to pass a full-year ap-propriations bill by that deadline. 
As an initial matter, it must be noted that 
a potential shutdown of the Department comes at a particularly challenging time for homeland security. It is stunning that we must even contemplate a shutdown of the Department in the current global context. The global terrorist threat has become more decentralized and complex. Terrorist organi-zations are now openly calling for attacks on Western targets. Yesterday’s arrests in New York City highlight the threat of inde-pendent actors in the homeland who support overseas terrorist organizations and radical ideology. We are working hard to stay one step ahead of potential threats to aviation security. Last year at this time, the spike in migrant children began to appear at our bor-der; we are deployed to prevent this situa-tion from recurring, and to address it aggres-sively if it does. The Nation is in the midst of a very cold, harsh winter, and the Federal Emergency Management Agency is working with states impacted by record snowfalls. 
Here are just some of the consequences for 
homeland security if the Department’s fund-ing lapses and we shut down: 
First, about 170,000 employees will be re-
quired to work, but will not get paid for that work during the period of a shutdown. This includes our Coast Guard, Border Patrol agents, Secret Service agents, Transpor-tation Security Administration officers, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:10 Feb 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27FE7.012 H27FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1384 February 27, 2015 
others on the front lines of our homeland se-
curity. These working men and women de-pend on biweekly paychecks to make ends meet for themselves and their families. For them, personally, work without pay is dis-
ruptive and demoralizing. Even worse for our people are the public statements by some that make light of a shutdown, which dis-regards DHS employees’ personal sacrifices and dedication to our Nation’s security. 
Second, approximately 30,000 men and 
women of the Department must be fur-loughed and sent home without pay. Our fi-nancial management, human resources, pro-curement and contracting, and information technology teams—the institutional back-bone of the Department—will be reduced by 90 percent, from over 2,000 to just 208 people. My own immediate headquarters staff will be cut by about 87 percent. Our Science and Technology team, which is intensely focused on developing non-metallic explosive detec-tion capabilities as well as other tech-nologies to counter threats to aviation, will be cut 94 percent, from 448 to 26 people. Our Domestic Nuclear Detection Office, which is our Nation’s primary research and develop-ment lead for development of advanced nu-clear detection technologies and technical forensic capabilities, will also be cut 94 per-cent, from 121 to just 7 people. 
Third, contracting services across the De-
partment, including those for critical mis-sion support activities, will be disrupted and/ or interrupted altogether. Depending upon the length of a shutdown, contract awards and major acquisitions could be impacted. In the event of a shutdown, negotiations to con-struct the United States Coast Guard’s 8th National Security Cutter will be delayed, po-tentially leading to an increase in costs. 
Fourth, our $2.5 billion-a-year grant-mak-
ing to state, local, tribal, and territorial gov-ernments, to assist them in preventing, re-sponding to or recovering from terrorist at-tacks, major disasters and other emer-gencies, remains at a standstill (it has al-ready stopped because the Department is currently funded by a Continuing Resolu-tion). Of particular note, the Federal Emer-gency Management Agency’s Emergency Management Performance Grants, which contribute 50 percent of the salaries of state and local emergency management personnel, cannot be funded. 
Fifth, public assistance disaster recovery 
payments to communities affected by pre-vious disasters will grind to a halt. Though these payments are funded with prior-year money, the Federal Emergency Management Agency’s staff that processes them must be furloughed. 
Sixth, depending upon the length of a shut-
down, DHS will no longer be able to support state and local authorities with planning, safety, and security resources for special se-curity events such as the Boston and Chi-cago Marathons. 
Seventh, depending upon the length of a 
shutdown, work to complete construction of the National Bio and Agro-Defense Facility in Kansas, which will replace the aging 1950s- era Plum Island facility in New York, could be disrupted. 
Eighth, new hires across the Department 
must be halted, disrupting critical missions to secure the border, protect millions of daily airline passengers, strengthen security at the White House, and deploy new ICE in-vestigators. Routine attrition hiring would cease across the Department, seriously un-dermining our homeland security frontline staffing needs. Our plans to increase CBP staffing at our ports of entry by 2,000 offi-cers, and to maintain the Transportation Se-curity Administration’s workforce of airport screeners and air marshals will be under-mined. Our plans to hire additional Secret Service uniformed officers and special agents 
will also be disrupted. 
Ninth, without funding, all training at the 
Federal Law ‘‘Enforcement Training Cen-ters’’ will cease. Up to 2,000 local, state, and federal law enforcement trainees from across the country will be sent home. 
Finally, as I have noted many times, mere 
extension of a continuing resolution has many of the same negative impacts. A short- term continuing resolution exacerbates the uncertainty for my workforce and puts us back in the same position, on the brink of a shutdown just days from now. 
I urge Congress, as soon as possible, to pass 
a clean, full-year Fiscal Year 2015 appropria-tions bill for the Department of Homeland Security. 
The American people are counting on us. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. I reserve 
the balance of my time. 
Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, may 
I inquire if the gentleman from Georgia has any further speakers? I am ready to close if he does not. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. We have no 
more speakers at this time. 
Ms. SLAUGHTER. I thank the gen-
tleman. Then I shall close, and I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, this intraparty dysfunc-
tion, governing from crisis to crisis and self-inflicted wounds, must come to an end. Our Nation’s very security is at stake, and the American people are crying out for stability, for certainty, and for responsible government. Let’s give them that. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous con-
sent to insert the text of my amend-ment in the R
ECORD , along with extra-
neous material, immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gentle-woman from New York? 
There was no objection. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I 
urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ to de-feat the previous question. Vote ‘‘no’’ on the underlying rule and the under-lying bill. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
It has been really an interesting 
morning discussing what we could do, what we not do, and what we have done, and, actually, the fact and the process of the House doing its job again and the Senate Democrats not doing theirs. It is just very frustrating. 
You talk about the American people. 
I tell you, from a Republican stand-point, this is about administration. This is about a time in which we are confronting, in which there is honest debate on both sides, but when it comes down to the bottom line, it has been very true over the course of these first 7, 8 weeks here that one party is putting forward an agenda that says that moms and dads and kids matter, that the rule of law matters, that things are to operate in a certain way, and they are operating in the way that we grew up knowing civics from our Founders that had a Constitution that laid out the path. What is interesting right now is that 
really, right now, the House Repub-licans, for the second time, are pro-viding a path to keep the Department of Homeland Security open for business while the judge, Federal judge, has said the administration cannot go forward 
on their executive amnesty memo, which means it is not happening right now. So the question really becomes— and I don’t think this can be stated enough, because when people are out there looking to Washington, they are wanting to know: Are you thinking about me? Are you thinking about what is going on? Are you thinking about what we need to fund in the days that people get up and they know that their country is fighting for them? 
So I just want to make it very clear. 
We said, ‘‘for the second time.’’ This is the second time because the first time happened on January 14. The House ap-proved a full-year funding package for DHS, and yes, said this is what we do not like and will not fund, but this is a part of the process. 
Then, February 3, Senate Democrats 
vote to block consideration. 
February 4, Senate Democrats again 
vote to block consideration. 
February 5, guess what. Senate 
Democrats vote for a third time to block consideration. 
February 23, let’s at least make it a 
home run. We will touch all the bases. Senate Democrats refuse, for the fourth time, to block consideration. 
But then, the most amazing part, 
Democrats even prevented themselves from offering amendments to strip lan-guage they found offensive. We are here today because the Senate Democrats refused to be part of the solution. 
So as I go forward and as I look at 
this, there has to be an understanding of this today—and it was said earlier and I made the point, but I am going to make it one more time today—a solu-tion is being put forward. There is no one putting forward a bill to shut any-thing down. The bill that is being put forward is to fund for 3 more weeks. 
So I will encourage my friends on the 
other side of the aisle, any Democrat who wants to vote ‘‘no’’ on this funding bill, you are voting to shut down the Department of Homeland Security. Is that what you want to tell the Amer-ican people? 
With that, I urge my colleagues to 
support this rule and the underlying bill. 
The material previously referred to 
by Ms. S
LAUGHTER is as follows: 
AN AMENDMENT TO H. R ES. 129 O FFERED BY  
MS. SLAUGHTER OF NEWYORK 
At the end of the resolution, add the fol-
lowing new sections: 
SEC. 2. Immediately upon adoption of this 
resolution the Speaker shall, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consider-ation of the bill (H.R. 861) making appropria-tions for the Department of Homeland Secu-rity for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2015, and for other purposes. General debate shall be confined to the bill and shall not ex-ceed one hour equally divided and controlled 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:15 Feb 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27FE7.003 H27FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1385 February 27, 2015 
by the chair and ranking minority member 
of the Committee on Appropriations. After general debate the bill shall be considered for amendment under the five-minute rule. All points of order against provisions in the bill are waived. At the conclusion of consid-eration of the bill for amendment the Com-mittee shall rise and report the bill to the House with such amendments as may have been adopted. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amend-ments thereto to final passage without inter-vening motion except one motion to recom-mit with or without instructions. If the Committee of the Whole rises and reports that it has come to no resolution on the bill, then on the next legislative day the House shall, immediately after the third daily order of business under clause 1 of rule XIV, resolve into the Committee of the Whole for further consideration of the bill. 
S
EC. 3. Clause 1(c) of rule XIX shall not 
apply to the consideration of H.R. 861. 
THEVOTE ON THE PREVIOUS QUESTION : WHAT 
ITREALLY MEANS  
This vote, the vote on whether to order the 
previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against or-dering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. 
Mr. Clarence Cannon’s Precedents of the 
House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), de-scribes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject be-fore the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the de-mand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party of-fered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (R–Illinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitz-gerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ 
The Republican majority may say ‘‘the 
vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] has no substantive legislative or policy im-plications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Repub-lican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Rep-resentatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Al-though it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member con-trolling the time will not yield for the pur-pose of offering an amendment, the same re-sult may be achieved by voting down the pre-vious question on the rule . . . When the mo-tion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the pre-vious question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amend-ment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ 
In Deschler’s Procedure in the U.S. House 
of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule 
[a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amend-ment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, sec-tion 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon re-jection of the motion for the previous ques-tion on a resolution reported from the Com-mittee on Rules, control shifts to the Mem-ber leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for de-bate thereon.’’ 
Clearly, the vote on the previous question 
on a rule does have substantive policy impli-cations. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican major-ity’s agenda and allows those with alter-native views the opportunity to offer an al-ternative plan. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the resolution. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on ordering the previous question. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, on 
that I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 9 of rule XX, the Chair will reduce to 5 minutes the minimum time for any electronic vote on the question of adoption. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 240, nays 183, not voting 9, as follows: 
[Roll No. 100] 
YEAS—240 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney 
Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding 
Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows 
Meehan 
Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) 
Rigell 
Roby Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schock Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman 
Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—183 
Adams 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Fattah Foster 
Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) 
Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:15 Feb 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27FE7.002 H27FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1386 February 27, 2015 
Watson Coleman 
Welch Wilson (FL) 
Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—9 
Farr Garamendi Graves (MO) Hinojosa 
Lee Long Roe (TN) 
Speier Turner 
b1049 
Mr. NADLER changed his vote from 
‘‘yea’’ to nay.’’ 
Messrs. MICA, LAMBORN, and Mrs. 
HARTZLER changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ 
So the previous question was ordered. The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the resolution. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, on 
that I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 
5-minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 240, nays 183, not voting 9, as follows: 
[Roll No. 101] 
YEAS—240 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold 
Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador 
LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby 
Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schock Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus 
Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski 
Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—183 
Adams 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge 
Gabbard Gallego Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal 
Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—9 
Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Garamendi Graves (MO) Hinojosa 
Lee Long Roe (TN) Speier 
Turner 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during 
the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. b1056 
So the resolution was agreed to. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
Stated against: Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsylvania. 
Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 101, had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I was 
unable to vote yesterday and this morning be-cause of a serious illness in my family. Had I been present, I would have voted: rollcall No. 95—‘‘nay,’’ rollcall No. 96—‘‘nay,’’ rollcall No. 97—‘‘nay,’’ rollcall No. 98—‘‘nay,’’ rollcall No. 99—‘‘nay,’’ rollcall No. 100—‘‘yea,’’ rollcall No. 101—‘‘yea.’’ 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, on 
Friday, February 27, I missed a series of roll-call votes. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on No. 100 and No. 101. 
b1100 
Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. 
Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 129, I call up the joint resolution (H.J. Res. 35) making further continuing ap-propriations for fiscal year 2015, and for other purposes, and ask for its imme-diate consideration. 
The Clerk read the title of the joint 
resolution. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. C
OL-
LINS of Georgia). Pursuant to House 
Resolution 129, the joint resolution is considered read. 
The text of the joint resolution is as 
follows: 
H.J. R ES. 35 
Resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That the Continuing Ap-
propriations Resolution, 2015 (Public Law 113–164) is further amended by striking the date specified in section 106(3) and inserting ‘‘March 19, 2015’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Kentucky (Mr. R OGERS ) 
and the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. L
OWEY ) each will control 30 min-
utes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Kentucky. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. 
Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on H.J. Res. 35. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Kentucky? 
There was no objection. Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to present 
H.J. Res. 35, a short-term continuing resolution to keep the Department of Homeland Security open and operating until March 19, 2015. 
This type of bandaid, stopgap funding 
fix is not the way we should be running things around here. It is the constitu-tional duty of this body to provide 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:15 Feb 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27FE7.004 H27FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1387 February 27, 2015 
funding for the Federal Government, 
all of the Federal Government, and this should be done through regular order, without the threat of shutdowns or the lurching uncertainty of continuing res-olutions. 
Mr. Speaker, we face an immediate 
deadline that makes this continuing resolution a necessity. Without it, the Department of Homeland Security will shutter its doors at the stroke of mid-night tonight. 
This would put thousands of Federal 
employees on furlough, waste taxpayer dollars, and create instability at the Department tasked with one of the most important functions of govern-ment, potentially risking our national security. 
The House must pass this bill in 
short order to keep the lights on at the Department of Homeland Security in the near term. Hopefully, this will buy us the additional time necessary. 
I would prefer and I hope that we 
pass the full-year, regular DHS funding bill that we negotiated on a bipartisan, bicameral basis last fall. Until both Chambers of Congress agree on how to do that, we must continue to fund the essential daily operations of our home-land security. 
At the same time, Congress must 
continue to fight the President’s execu-tive actions on immigration, a massive overreach of his constitutional author-ity and a substantial shift in our immi-gration policy that I do not support and the American people do not sup-port. 
I believe we can and should continue 
the fight on the President’s intrusion into our Constitution, but we must also maintain the functions of government that protect the rights and safety given to us by this hallowed document. 
We have no time to waste, Mr. 
Speaker. I ask that my colleagues in the House today keep in mind that, as elected Members of the House of Rep-resentatives, it is our constitutional duty to fund the government, to pro-tect the people who elected us, and to defend this great Nation. 
I urge an ‘‘aye’’ on the bill, and I re-
serve the balance of my time. 
Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself as much time as I may con-sume. 
We learned late last night that the 
House Republican leadership has stepped in to thwart the agreement reached in the Senate to fund the Homeland Security Department. As we all know, funding for these critical ac-tivities runs out tonight at midnight. 
We learned that, instead of taking 
the clean bill that would fund the De-partment for the remainder of this fis-cal year, the House has come up with a new plan, a plan to string this mess out even further—the new plan, to pass yet another continuing resolution, 150 days into this fiscal year. This is really dis-couraging. 
Additionally, we learned that the 
House leadership has decided now would be a good time to formally re-quest a conference committee be con-
vened on the controversial immigra-tion riders passed by the House bill and the Senate’s clean bill. 
As hard as it is to believe, they really 
think requesting a conference with the Senate, on the very day funding ex-pires, is reasonable. I could not dis-agree more. 
I understand that many of my col-
leagues disagree vehemently with the President’s executive actions on immi-gration policy. I understand that many of those same Members believe strong-ly that they should fight the President through the power of the purse, the ap-propriations process. 
What I don’t understand is how a de-
cision could be made to wreak havoc on one of the most important agencies in the Federal Government, the agency tasked with protecting our Nation’s homeland, over policies related to an agency that isn’t even directly funded in this appropriations bill. 
Under a continuing resolution, the 
agencies that are funded through the Department of Homeland Security are hamstrung, forced to live at last year’s levels and under last year’s terms. 
Ironically, this means that Customs 
and Border Protection and Immigra-tion and Customs Enforcement, the agencies tasked with defending our borders and enforcing our immigration laws, have to do without the nearly $1 billion increase they would get under the full-year bill. 
Instead of pursuing the bipartisan 
path—and I want to remind my friends that this Homeland Security bill was negotiated right here between Demo-crats and Republicans, a bipartisan bill; but, right now, instead of pursuing the bipartisan path the Senate has cho-sen, the House leadership has chosen yet another punt. 
By not passing the clean, full-year 
bill, the House plan would delay ter-rorism preparedness and response grants for State and local public safety personnel, potentially leaving FEMA with insufficient time to get those grants out before funding expires. 
It would limit the Department’s abil-
ity to advance the Secretary’s unity of effort initiative, designed to improve coordination in our security missions; limit the ability of the Secretary to move ahead with the Southern Border and Approaches Campaign; create un-certainty regarding ICE’s capability to detain and deport dangerous criminals; complicate the Department’s ability to deal with another influx of unaccom-panied children at our border; and delay implementation of new security upgrades at the White House and nec-essary hiring at the U.S. Secret Serv-ice. 
My colleagues, I am simply at a loss. 
I am mystified. I can’t understand the wisdom of this strategy. 
I know some of my colleagues are 
upset with the President. I understand how much easier it is to take out your frustrations on the appropriations process, instead of through debate on an immigration policy bill, and we 
know we must have a serious debate on immigration policy. 
I support comprehensive immigra-
tion reform; but why should we would do this in such an inappropriate way through the appropriations process? Don’t take out your frustrations on the appropriations process instead of a thorough debate on the immigration policy bill. 
I think the majority of my colleagues 
agree with me that this has gone on long enough. It is not rational to pun-ish firefighters, EMTs, police officers, emergency managers you represent be-cause of immigration policy. It is not rational to hamstring U.S. Customs and Border Protection or Immigration and Customs Enforcement because you are mad at the President. 
We are adults. I left my eight grand-
children home. We are adults, I hope, in this body. It is not rational to fund an important government department week by week. 
I really hope, Mr. Speaker, that the 
House gets serious by immediately tak-ing up and passing the clean bipartisan bill, as the Senate has done. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. 
Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gen-tleman from Florida (Mr. M
ICA). 
Mr. MICA. Thank you so much, Mr. 
Chairman. 
Mr. Speaker, the gentlelady from 
New York is a good friend, and I re-spect her so much. She asks some im-portant questions that the House has to answer. She has been here a good while. I have been here a good while. 
Why would we be proceeding in this 
fashion? First of all, the House, we are trying to get to regular order. The Con-gress has not passed a budget, hasn’t passed most appropriations. We live from CR to CR. There has been such in-stability in this institution. 
Here, for the first time, we have the 
opportunity, and I believe it is within the hour that the other body may act— or have they acted? They have had this question before them for a long time; but, here, we have the possibility of going to a conference. 
This is an important issue. This is an 
issue in which the President himself has said, I think, 22 times, that he doesn’t have the authority to do what he did. The courts have upheld the po-sition that we have or at least put a stay on the President’s action. This is a very important issue because it af-fects the entire Nation. 
If we could get to regular order, we 
want to keep the government open. We want national security and homeland security to move forward. We are offer-ing that and also the opportunity for a little bit of time to go to regular order to make the process work. 
Why shouldn’t the House of Rep-
resentatives have the opportunity to sit down with the Senate and work out the differences and honor the law that we passed and the President is abusing? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:10 Feb 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27FE7.021 H27FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1388 February 27, 2015 
Mr. Speaker and my colleagues, I 
think we need to do this in regular order, and there is good reason to act in the fashion that Republicans are ad-vocating. 
b1115 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair will remind all Members to re-frain from inappropriate references to the President. 
Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, just for 
clarification, because my friend asked some fair questions, but maybe the gentleman is not aware that the appro-priations process concluded 12 bills in a bipartisan way. Democrats and Repub-licans worked together. 
However, back in December, on prob-
ably one of the key bills at this time, when we are threatened, when terror-ists worry my constituents—they worry about whether they should go to the mall; they worry about their daily activities. So when my good friend, the gentleman from Florida, just spoke about regular order, check the appro-priations process. 
We passed the Homeland Security 
bill through the subcommittee, but it was held up. The gentleman will have to ask his colleagues on his side of the aisle why the Homeland Security bill was not part of the entire omnibus, why we had to invent this CR/Omnibus so we could leave out Homeland Secu-rity. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. I reserve 
the balance of my time. 
Mrs. LOWEY. Madam Speaker, I am 
pleased to yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. R
OYBAL -ALLARD ), the 
ranking member of the Homeland Se-curity Subcommittee. 
Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD. Madam 
Speaker, in December of 2014, as lever-age against the President’s immigra-tion executive action, the Republican leadership irresponsibly decided to hold hostage the 2015 funding for the Department of Homeland Security. 
Now, 150 days into fiscal year 2015, 
this House is no closer to addressing the Homeland Security funding needs of this country than it was last Decem-ber. Instead, the Republican leadership is proposing to, once again, kick the can down the road, this time for an-other 3 weeks. 
The serious consequences of the Re-
publican majority’s inability to respon-sibly lead on behalf of the American people will, once again, leave the De-partment without the 2015 funding lev-els it needs to effectively fulfill its mission of protecting our homeland. 
I ask my colleagues: What is gained 
by continuing to delay resolving this crisis, a crisis of the House Repub-licans’ own making? Does anyone real-ly think circumstances will be any dif-ferent 3 weeks from now? The judicial review of the President’s executive ac-tions will not be resolved in 3 weeks. The only circumstances that will be different in 3 weeks is that much will be lost. Republicans cannot continue to 
block the Department of Homeland Se-curity funding for 2015 without under-mining the national security of this country. 
We should not fool ourselves into be-
lieving that the Department of Home-land Security has been doing just fine under the continuing resolution or that there would be no further consequences if we forced the Department to keep living with the uncertainty of a con-tinuing resolution for even another day, much less 3 more weeks. 
Secretary Johnson and agency heads 
have warned that passing another CR will not address the uncertainty of being able to meet our long-term na-tional security needs. 
Yesterday, Secretary Johnson sent a 
letter to the bipartisan leadership of the House and Senate, warning of the dangers of either a funding lapse or an-other short-term continuing resolu-tion. To quote the Secretary, a ‘‘mere extension of a continuing resolution has many of the same negative im-pacts’’ of a shutdown. It ‘‘exacerbates the uncertainty for my workforce and puts us back in the same position, on the brink of a shutdown just days from now.’’ The Secretary ends his letter by saying, ‘‘the American people are counting on us.’’ 
The American people are, indeed, 
counting on us; and so far, the Repub-lican majority in the House has let them down. 
The Constitution provides a path for 
the Congress to work its will on policy issues without resorting to funding lapses or continuing resolutions, which represent the complete and utter abdi-cation of Congress’ obligation to effec-tively govern. 
The Senate will soon send back to us 
a bill that was agreed upon by both Democrats and Republicans, and that will enable the Department to move forward on the critical planning that is needed to protect our country now and in the future. Let us do the responsible thing and bring that bill to a vote so that our country can truly be pro-tected, by funding the Department of Homeland Security. 
Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Madam Speaker, let’s review some-
thing. Let’s just review briefly where we are and why we are here. 
The House passed a funding bill for 
the Department of Homeland Security maybe 3 weeks ago in order to give the Senate enough time to consider it and take appropriate action. So the House acted 3 weeks ago and sent the bill to the Senate. 
The Democrats in the Senate have 
refused to allow that bill to be brought before the Senate four different times over 3 weeks. Now who is to blame for not funding the Department of Home-land Security? The House has tried. The Senate refused to act, until finally this morning, the Senate took up a clean funding bill for Homeland and passed it. So here is where we are. The House 
has passed a bill. The Senate now has passed a bill, finally. So what do you normally do? What is the procedure of the Congress when both bodies pass a bill that is different from each other? You go to conference. We have done that from time immemorial. That is the recommended way. That is what is in the Constitution. 
The conference is necessary, but that 
is going to take some time. So we need some time to allow the conference to go to work and conclude this problem and work out the differences. Thus, we need this temporary funding bill for the Department, to keep the security of the Nation intact through the De-partment of Homeland Security while we work out the permanent funding for the Department for the balance of the year. 
That is where we are. It is fairly sim-
ple. I don’t know any other way to do it. Perhaps our colleagues on the other side of the aisle have a better idea about how to reconcile the differences between the House and Senate, other than a regular conference committee. 
A lot of Members of this body are so 
new to the process that they have never seen or know what a conference with the Senate is. And I think there is some confusion in that regard because people in this body, new to the process over the last 4 or 5 years, have never 
seen one, and that is sad. 
So I hope Members will quickly pass 
this temporary funding bill for the De-partment and allow the conference committee to go to work. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. LOWEY. Madam Speaker, I am 
pleased to yield 4 minutes to the gen-tleman from North Carolina (Mr. P
RICE), my good friend, the former 
chair of the Homeland Security Sub-committee who was a key person in ne-gotiating the bipartisan Homeland Se-curity bill, which could have been part of the omnibus in December, and we wouldn’t have been involved in these kinds of dangerous games. 
Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Madam 
Speaker, I thank our ranking member for yielding. 
As the gentlewoman from New York 
suggests, the account of the history of this bill that Chairman R
OGERS has 
just given needs to go back a bit fur-ther. The original failure in this case was in December. Today we are voting on a 3-week continuing resolution. I rise in opposition to that. 
But this is only the latest manifesta-
tion of the majority’s failure to govern this institution and to get the funding in place for the Homeland Security De-partment for the full fiscal year. The initial failure was in December. That is what we need to look back to and un-derstand that it was a profound mis-take to leave Homeland Security out of the omnibus appropriations bill. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:10 Feb 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27FE7.022 H27FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1389 February 27, 2015 
This Department, and this Depart-
ment alone, was put on a 3-month con-tinuing resolution, rather than includ-ing the bicameral, bipartisan, nego-tiated Homeland Security bill that is the equivalent of a conference report. 
People are talking about the need for 
a conference report. We already have our conference report. It is an agreed upon bill that the majority delib-erately left out of the omnibus bill in December. 
And why did they do that? They did 
it for political purposes, because they didn’t like what the President was doing on immigration. They wanted to poke him in the eye. They wanted to add these riders enacting a radical anti-immigration policy, and they were willing to sacrifice regular funding for the Homeland Security Department in order to pursue their political objec-tive. 
Ironically, in passing a CR rather 
than the regular negotiated bill, they sacrificed increased funding for things they profess to care about. They are supposedly all about border security. They are all about immigration en-forcement. And those very things were reduced by virtue of their failure to ac-cept the negotiated bill, going down the road with a continuing resolution. 
Now the clock has run out. The 3- 
month clock has run out, and here we are again. And today, we are about to compound December’s failure by pass-ing a 3-week CR, which doesn’t solve the Department’s basic problems but, in fact, just postpones the day of reck-oning by a few weeks. 
The Republican-controlled Senate 
has shown the way here. They have re-sisted the Tea Party siren, this desire to make the Homeland Security bill a vehicle for radical anti-immigration policy. The Senate will soon be passing the negotiated Homeland Security bill, the same bicameral, bipartisan, nego-tiated bill which we should have ap-proved in December. 
The Secretary of Homeland Security 
has made very, very clear that a con-tinuing resolution is not an acceptable way to run this Department. State and local terrorism prevention and re-sponse grants will be held up, for exam-ple. For my State of North Carolina, that means $9 million in emergency management preparedness grants. It means $5.5 million in state grants. That is true of every State in this Union. The security upgrades at the White House are also on hold. The ac-quisition of the Coast Guard’s eighth National Security Cutter is on hold. Construction of the National Bio and Agro-Defense Facility out in Kansas is on hold. 
A continuing resolution is just what 
it says: It is a continued resolution which does not permit us to make the upgrades, to undertake the innova-tions, or to make the grants that our homeland security requires. 
The House majority is still unwilling 
to follow the lead of the Senate and put that negotiated, bipartisan Homeland Security bill on the floor. So here we 
are, stuck with an inferior proposal, a 3-week continuing resolution which doesn’t do the job. We should reject this. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mrs. 
B
LACK ). The time of the gentleman has 
expired. 
Mrs. LOWEY. I yield the gentleman 
an additional 15 seconds. 
Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Where 
do we go from here? Where does this end? Some kind of conference? We al-ready have a conference report. It is the bipartisan Homeland Security bill. 
b1130 
That can pass today. We can put that 
on the floor, and it would pass in a heartbeat. That is what the majority needs to do, not this 3-week holding ac-tion. We need to pass that negotiated bill and keep the Homeland Security Department functioning at full strength. 
Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Madam 
Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. C
ARTER ), the chairman of the 
Homeland Security Subcommittee on Appropriations. 
Mr. CARTER of Texas. Madam 
Speaker, history is something we ought to try to get right. So we have heard some versions of history here. But let’s talk about exactly why we are here today. We are here today because, yes, the Appropriations Committee in a bipartisan effort put together a whole series of bills to fund this government, one of which is the Homeland Security bill. It is a good bill. I agree with my colleagues on the other side of the aisle. It is a good bill. I am proud to have had a part in that. 
But there is a piece of history that is 
missing in this discussion. Right after the last election, the President—well, we don’t want to talk about the Presi-dent—the administration stepped for-ward and said, well, the legislature hasn’t changed the immigration laws, so the administration is going to change the immigration laws. 
Without any action of the legisla-
ture, they are going to ignore laws that are on the books and in some cases have been on the books for generations, and they are going to do what they want to do for immigration reform, which includes the proposal that some-where between 4 and 6 million people who are in this country illegally would be allowed to be in this country, with other benefits added to those. So that intervening cause is why all of a sud-den the people of the United States said: Wait a minute, this is not fol-lowing the Constitution. This is not the way our government is supposed to run. 
Madam Speaker, we fought a war 
with a guy named King George to not have a king in this country who would just do it without legislative process. We fought a war to make sure that we follow the legislative process. The peo-ple who are in charge of enforcing the law, the executive branch, should be 
enforcing the law. 
Madam Speaker, there became quite 
a tidal wave of people who were very concerned about the action. So in an effort to try to engage that fight, we came up with what has been referenced here as the CR/Omnibus, and we with-held the Homeland Security bill as the instrument to go fight forward on. 
Now, once again, I say it is a great 
bill. But the decision was made, and here we are. Now, we passed this bill with amendments that take on the ac-tions of the executive and sent it to the Senate 3 weeks ago. Someone said once that is the greatest deliberative body on Earth. Well, it may be, but this spring here, this early spring, they haven’t deliberated. In fact, they haven’t taken action at all, because each time the Republican leadership in the Senate said, let’s go have a discus-sion, let’s go on the floor and have a debate, and we will accept amend-ments, let’s go have a debate, the Dem-ocrat minority said, no, we won’t have a debate. Four times they said no; under their rule, we won’t have a de-bate. 
Madam Speaker, the Republicans 
didn’t do what the Democrats did when they ran the Senate and just waive the rules that Thomas Jefferson wrote a couple hundred years ago. No, they fol-lowed the rules. So there was no dis-cussion in the greatest deliberative body on Earth of this particular prob-lem. 
Now, are we funded now in our De-
partment? Yes, we are. We have heard cries from the other side, you are leav-ing this country in jeopardy because you are not—if we close the Depart-ment—which I do not want to do—if we close down the Department, you put us at risk from terrorists. 
Well, here we are. We are saying, you 
are right. Let’s don’t close down the Department. Three weeks ago we sent it to them. We are getting in a few minutes the results of their work prod-uct over there. Quite honestly, we have a dispute with them. 
What is the process? Now, I know 
there are many in this body who have never even seen a conference com-mittee because since 2006, this has not been something we have done very reg-ularly in this body. But, quite hon-estly, the way we do this, to resolve differences, is go to a conference com-mittee. 
So what we are saying here, Madam 
Speaker, is help us keep the govern-ment open for 3 weeks—kind of the same 3 weeks they had to hang around and never go to work in the Senate— let us have 3 weeks and go to con-ference like we are supposed to and see if we cannot work out the differences we have between the two bodies. Now, how unreasonable is this? 
By the way, Madam Speaker, if you 
are worried about those terrorists at-tacks which are looming over the hori-zon, which very, very may well be, then you had better vote to continue this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:10 Feb 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27FE7.024 H27FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1390 February 27, 2015 
government today or otherwise a ‘‘no’’ 
vote on this particular resolution keep-ing the government open will shut the government, and when the government closes, all those terrible things are going to happen. So you don’t want to have the responsibility of voting ‘‘no’’ to keep the government open and let the government close and then face the fact that the terrorists may be looming in the wings. 
Let’s pass the CR. Do it like we are 
supposed to, go to conference, work it out in the 3 weeks that the Senate had, and see if we can’t resolve this issue— an issue that was started by the execu-tive branch in their November surprise. 
Mrs. LOWEY. Madam Speaker, I am 
so privileged to serve on the Appropria-tions Committee with the gentleman from Texas, who did an excellent job working in a bipartisan way com-pleting a Homeland Security bill that we thought would be part of the omni-bus bill so the Homeland Security De-partment would be funded for a year. 
This event was a manufactured event 
today, and I do hope we can get past it and pass a Homeland Security bill for the next year immediately so that we don’t have even a small potential of shutting down the government. 
Madam Speaker, could you tell me 
how much time I have remaining. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tlewoman from New York has 13 min-utes remaining. 
Mrs. LOWEY. I am proud to yield 2 
minutes to the gentleman from Mary-land (Mr. H
OYER ), the distinguished 
leader. 
Mr. HOYER. Madam Speaker, I 
thank the gentlewoman for yielding. 
Madam Speaker, I join her in thank-
ing Mr. C ARTER and Mr. R OGERS for 
bringing to the floor in December a Homeland Security bill that was appro-priate and that funded at the levels that were agreed upon by both parties. All we are asking is that we pass Mr. C
ARTER ’s and Mr. R OGERS ’ bill. 
The Republicans pledged to not min-
gle controversial issues and allow each issue to stand on its own merits or de-merits. That was their pledge to Amer-ica in 2010. This action is inconsistent with that pledge. 
The Senate has just voted, Madam 
Speaker, 68–31 to pass the Rogers- Lowey-Mikulski-Shelby bill. This is not a partisan bill that we are arguing about. This is the bill that we have agreed upon, Republicans and Demo-crats—and we can’t even pass that— with the knowledge that if we do not, the future funding of America’s home-land security will still be in question. 
Yes, we can do it for 3 weeks. I call it 
our cul-de-sac strategy, going into a cul-de-sac over and over and over again and feeling somehow a pathway is going to open. The Senate is now vot-ing on the Collins amendment. Now, as I understand the strategy of the Repub-lican Party in the House, Madam Speaker, it is to add the bill that has been rejected four times on the floor of the United States Senate. They went in the cul-de-sac once, it didn’t open up. 
They went in the cul-de-sac twice, it didn’t open up. They went in the cul- de-sac a third, fourth time, it didn’t open up. And now the proposal is to go into that cul-de-sac a fifth time while we focus on whether or not we are going to fund Homeland Security, not on the objectives of homeland security. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentleman has expired. 
Mrs. LOWEY. I yield the gentleman 
an additional 1 minute. 
Mr. HOYER. Madam Speaker, I urge 
Republicans and Democrats who have all said not funding the Homeland Se-curity Department now for the balance of the year is—Mr. R
OGERS didn’t quote 
this, he was talking about sequester— is ill-conceived and wrong. I therefore, Madam Speaker, urge my colleagues to vote against this short-term CR and to vote for the Senate bill that will be sent to us in just a short period of time, today, which passed the United States Senate with over a two-thirds vote. Democrats only have 46 Members, so almost a majority of the Repub-licans are voting for it as well. 
Madam Speaker, that is the respon-
sible thing to do. That is the right thing to do. That is the regular order to do. Let’s do it. Let’s put aside our partisan differences and our partisan strategies and vote as Americans to fund the Department of Homeland Se-curity for the balance of the year. 
Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Madam 
Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mrs. LOWEY. Madam Speaker, I am 
pleased to yield 2 minutes to the gen-tleman from California (Mr. F
ARR), a 
distinguished member of the Appro-priations Committee. 
Mr. FARR. Thank you for yielding, 
Madam Ranking Member. 
Madam Speaker, I rise today to give 
apologies to all of the employees of the Homeland Security Department. In watching this, I hope that they under-stand what is really going on. This is not a battle about the process, the gamesmanship that we need time to work out at conference. We don’t go to conference on a brink of a disaster. We have had a year to deal with this. In fact, we passed this bill. 
What this is about is a bigger game 
going on in town. It is about whack-a- 
mole with the President. They sue him; they say they don’t want to support any of his proposals; they cut, squeeze, and trim his appropriations; and they hold up his government appointments. But now the real story shifts when we see that the Republicans in this House even more than disliking the President dislike the Senate. 
The Senate passed a comprehensive 
immigration bill which we could have passed. There were enough votes if we had brought that to the floor to pass it. If we had passed that comprehensive immigration bill, we wouldn’t even be here today. This wouldn’t even be a discussion. 
The irony for all you Homeland Secu-
rity employees is that the House is taking care of itself. The leadership, 
with their details and all of the won-derful Capitol Police we have around here, they are all taken care of because we don’t pay for them out of our Home-land Security bill; we pay for them out of our own legislative branch bill, and that was passed. So our security is fine. But the security of the rest of the Nation is in jeopardy. 
What does it take? The Senate has 
just passed a bill, we bring that to the floor, it takes the votes, 218. We have got at least all but 30 on this side, 30 Republicans. Mr. Speaker, let your Re-publicans go. Let them come to the floor and vote on a clean bill. We could pass it before this afternoon. That bill would be in the White House tonight, and we could go home and sleep know-ing that this Nation’s security is in good hands. Stop playing games. 
Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Madam 
Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mrs. LOWEY. Madam Speaker, I am 
very pleased to yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. K
IL-
DEE). 
Mr. KILDEE. Madam Speaker, I 
thank the ranking member for yield-ing. 
Madam Speaker, it is really impor-
tant that the American people under-stand what is happening here. It is pretty clear here. The Republican ma-jority in the House and perhaps in the Senate disagree with the President on immigration policy. So they have two really clear choices. One would be to do what they somehow have been unable to do despite promises of a prolific pe-riod of legislation in the first couple of months here in Congress. Despite that, 7 weeks later we haven’t seen anything that looks like an immigration bill. 
So rather than using this magnifi-
cent process of democracy that the Framers designed for us to determine policy, the Republicans in Congress— really the Republicans in the House— have decided to threaten the shutdown of an essential government function— national security and public safety—in order to extract concessions on policy that they are unwilling to submit to the legislative process. 
b1145 
Why not bring an immigration bill 
that determines for this country what our immigration policy ought to be and, in the meantime, fund the essen-tial functions of government? To not do so, there are consequences. This is not an academic exercise. There are consequences. 
Three weeks of funding? Seriously, 3 
weeks? After 7 weeks of coming to the floor of the House in session, why couldn’t we come up with this com-promise with the Senate, with whom you share partisan majority? Why can’t we have a real debate on immi-gration policy on the floor of the House of Representatives without having to threaten to close down the essential function of government? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:10 Feb 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27FE7.026 H27FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1391 February 27, 2015 
My friends on the other side have 
said, That is not what we are doing— except that that is what you are doing. Words are cheap, Madam Speaker. 
You won’t pass a clean bill to fund 
this Department, like your colleagues in the Senate have done, and you con-tinue to hold out. 
Madam Speaker, I just think it is 
time for us to get back to the serious business of the American people and pass a clean bill to fund this essential function. 
Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Madam 
Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
There it is. That is the bill the Sen-
ate finally passed. It has been 6 weeks—I said 3 weeks, earlier. I am corrected. 
It is 6 weeks that the House passed a 
funding bill for the Homeland Security Department, 6 weeks ago, sent it to the Senate, purposefully early, to give 
them plenty of time to consider and bring forward a funding bill of their own. 
I have to say the majority over there 
tried. The Democrats in the Senate stopped consideration of that spending bill four different times over 6 weeks. In the meantime, the House had to sit here waiting for the Senate, and we have been waiting 6 weeks, until just now. 
Finally, this morning, the Senate has 
passed a bill funding the Department for the balance of the year, which dif-fers from the House-passed version of that bill, so we have got to go to con-ference. 
That is the way the framers set 
things up. When the House does some-thing and the Senate does something different on the same subject, you have got to bring them together into a con-ference to work out the differences and come up with a bill for the President to sign. That is where we are. 
Finally, now, we can go to con-
ference. We could not have earlier be-cause the Senate had not passed the bill. Now, we can go to conference, and we will be asking the Speaker for that designation today. 
In the meantime, we can’t let the De-
partment stop working. Consequently, we are putting before you a bill to tem-porarily finance them while we go to conference on the main year-end fi-nancing of the Department. That is what this is all about. 
Now, I am glad that the Senate 
brought the Senate bill and laid it on our desk. Now, it is finally up to us to give the Department a chance to sur-vive and for us to stop the President’s amnesty program. 
By the way, Madam Speaker, there is 
not one penny in the bill before us, the temporary bill, the CR, there is not a penny in there to fund Obama’s am-nesty program. We are opposed to it, and there is no money in this bill for that purpose. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. LOWEY. Madam Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. I just want to state for the record, as 
my good friend from Kentucky is aware, on December 12, the Senate and the House conference committees agreed on a bipartisan, bicameral Homeland Security bill—in December. It could have been implemented with all the other 11 bills. 
I am very pleased to yield 1 minute 
to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE). 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Madam Speaker, 
I thank the gentlewoman very much, and I thank her for her commonsense explanation. 
Might I say, as a member of the au-
thorizing Committee on Homeland Se-curity, I believe, as we have just heard, that the Senate has passed a clean De-partment of Homeland Security fund-ing bill that came out of these appro-priators who did excellent work. 
In the name of the security of this 
Nation, I ask the Speaker to bring this bill to the floor of the House right now. I do so with headlines like: ‘‘Three Denver girls played hooky from school and tried to join ISIS.’’ 
I do it in the name of the headlines of 
three arrested in Brooklyn who had in-tentions to do the Commander in Chief harm and many others harm. I do it 
also in recognition as one of the Mem-bers who was there, if you will, in the aftermath of 9/11, who watched the forging of the Department of Homeland Security that put forward Border Pa-trol agents and TSO agents and ICE agents working with the FBI. All of those individuals will not be funded. 
Let me say to the hardworking men 
and women of the Department of Homeland Security: We will not leave you abandoned, but we will vote for a full funding of the Department of Homeland Security. 
We ask the Republicans why they 
refuse to address the national security of this Nation, putting political secu-rity over national security. 
Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Madam 
Speaker, I continue to reserve the bal-ance of my time. 
Mrs. LOWEY. Madam Speaker, I am 
pleased to yield 1 minute to the gen-tleman from Mississippi (Mr. T
HOMP -
SON), the ranking member of the Home-
land Security authorizing committee. 
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. 
Madam Speaker, I thank the gentle-woman from New York for the time. 
It is quite clear that a short-term CR 
is not in the best interest of the coun-try. It is quite clear that the politics of Homeland Security puts us at risk as a Nation. 
All of the things that have gone on 
over the last few weeks say that we have to have a fully funded Depart-ment—our men and women in the Coast Guard, Customs and Border Pro-tection, and Transportation Security Administration, all those entities on the front line keeping us safe. A 3-week CR that kicks the can down the road does not keep us safe. It only says that it is ‘‘politics as usual.’’ 
What I am saying, in the interest of 
the over 200,000 men and women who work every day and do a wonderful job, 
they should not be played as pawns in this game of Homeland Security chess. 
Let’s fully fund the Department, like 
we funded every other Department, and get on with the business of securing America. 
Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Madam 
Speaker, I continue to reserve the bal-ance of my time. 
Mrs. LOWEY. Madam Speaker, I am 
pleased to yield 1 minute to the gentle-woman from California (Ms. P
ELOSI ), 
our distinguished leader. 
Ms. PELOSI. Madam Speaker, I 
thank the gentlewoman for yielding and congratulate her on her excep-tional leadership as the ranking mem-ber of the Appropriations Committee. 
I also commend our colleague, Con-
gresswoman R
OYBAL -ALLARD , as rank-
ing member of the Subcommittee on Homeland Security, for her great lead-ership to protect the American people, to keep American security strong and certain. 
I also thank the chairman of the 
committee, Mr. R
OGERS , for the impor-
tant work that was done leading up to December to have bipartisan legisla-tion, to have an omnibus bill that fund-ed all of the departments of govern-ment except, unfortunately, Homeland Security for the full time, and that is really a disappointment because the first thing we do as Members of Con-gress is to take the oath of office to protect and defend the American peo-ple. 
That we would have this be the last 
bill that we would fund fully is really shameful. The fact is that the Senate has acted in a strong bipartisan way. 
I always like to talk about time. It is 
about time, it is about the time that has been lost from December until March 19, in terms of what the inten-tions are of our Republican colleagues here. It is about the time lost, the un-certainty placed on our security. It is so sad. 
At the same time, this morning, the 
Senate, in a very strong bipartisan way, passed a clean Department of Homeland Security funding bill. The papers are here. We could take it up immediately, send the bill to the Presi-dent, and the crisis would be over— long overdue, mind you, but, nonethe-less, bipartisan and with great cer-tainty. 
Instead of that certainty, while the 
Senate Republicans have joined the Senate Democrats for sending this bill over here, House Republicans instead have continued to manufacture a crisis that does not exist but exacerbates the insecurity of our country by their inac-tion. 
The fact is this bill that the Senate 
has sent over has the support of every Democrat in the House. The Roybal- Allard-Lowey legislation is cospon-sored by every Democrat in the House: full funding for the full term for the Department of Homeland Security. 
All of our Members—Democratic and 
Republican—will have a chance to vote 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:10 Feb 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27FE7.028 H27FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1392 February 27, 2015 
on that in terms of the previous ques-
tion, in terms of a motion to recommit, and in terms of motions to instruct conferees. 
What we are missing is the ability of 
the Speaker to give us a vote on the Senate bill. Give us a vote, Madam Speaker, give us a vote—instead, drip, drip, drip, drip. The Republican leader-ship is putting forth legislation drip, drip, drip for the resources. 
Now, I want to read the words of the 
Secretary of the Department of Home-land Security, who has been a great leader in the position he holds. In his remarks, he goes through all the rea-sons why a shutdown would be harmful. To those who want a shutdown, read his letter, please. 
He does go on to say: 
As I have so noted many times, mere ex-
tension of a continuing resolution has many of the same negative impacts. A short-term continuing resolution exacerbates the uncer-tainty for my workforce and puts us back in the same position, on the brink of a shut-down just days from now. 
Can our Republican colleagues say 
that we won’t be on the brink of an-other shutdown in the next few weeks in terms of the legislation they are putting forth? What is the purpose of it? 
If the purpose is to oppose the Presi-
dent’s immigration policy, the court has given you a face-saving way out. If the purpose is to have a better idea about immigration, bring up a bill, but if the purpose is to inject uncertainty into the security of the American peo-ple, shame, shame, shame, because it undermines our ability to the Amer-ican people, it undermines the oath that we all take, and it is really a very sad day. 
I would urge my colleagues, as they 
weigh the equities, we all want to make sure that the workforce of DHS is fully engaged, employed, and paid. 
I would just like to ask my col-
leagues who have been advocating for a shutdown or take us to the brink of a shutdown over and over again if they would like to live without being paid as Members of Congress. 
Most of our workforce makes much 
less than Members of Congress. They live paycheck to paycheck. Why are we saying to them, Come to work, 160,000 some of you, don’t get paid, but get paid later? 
They don’t have trust funds. That 
may come as a surprise to you—per-haps you do, and maybe that is why you don’t think not getting a paycheck is a big deal. 
Then to the other, say, 30,000: Stay 
home, don’t come anywhere near here and not get paid. 
Some say: Oh, they will get paid 
later. 
Well, that is not the way it works. 
They have mortgages, rent, car pay-ments, and all the rest. 
What could you possibly be thinking? 
What equity could you weigh against security, respect for our workforce, and morale of the people who are on the front lines to protect our homeland se-
curity? 
b1200 
There was quite a lively debate a 
number of years ago, and I was part of it as a member of the leadership to es-tablish the Department of Homeland Security and the Committee on Home-land Security in the House, and hence the Subcommittee on Homeland Secu-rity on the Committee on Appropria-tions. The words were chosen very carefully, ‘‘Homeland Security’’— home—‘‘Homeland Security.’’ 
The American people should know 
what this means to their home secu-rity. The list is a long one, but I will just do a few things to say that with-out a full funding bill, without the full- year funding bill, DHS cannot award $2.5 billion in grant funding. That means that if you are in an Urban Area Security Initiative area, a place that would be targeted, maybe 40 of the urban areas in our country, $600 mil-lion in grants would be withheld. 
FEMA, $350 million in emergency 
management preparedness grants. $350 million in SAFER. SAFER is Staffing for Adequate Fire and Emergency Re-sponses. That is an acronym, SAFER. That means a lot in your neighbor-hood. $340 million in firefighter assist-ance grants, $120 million for emergency food and shelter grants, and $100 mil-lion in flood-related grants. All of this hit home, and they hit Homeland Secu-rity. 
So these numbers have an impact, 
ramifications in the lives of the Amer-ican people beyond the workers; be-yond the workers, but the people that they work for. 
So I would urge my colleagues to 
think another time about this. We have the paper. The bill is here. It has passed in a strong bipartisan way in the Senate. Every House Democrat has endorsed the bill. We will vote for it with the parliamentary options that are available to us. How much better if we all came together, as the Senate Re-publicans and Democrats did, come to-gether to support certainty in our se-curity? Otherwise, the question is: Why not? Why are you not taking advantage of this great opportunity? The courts saved you face. What happened in Paris added to the urgency. The examples of people being picked up in our own country make matters worse. 
Stop the drip, drip, drip of funds 
week to week. Let’s get the job done for the American people by doing it right, following the lead of the Senate Republicans and the Senate Demo-crats. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on this legislation. I appreciate the concerns we all have about a shut-down of government. We can’t let that happen, but this is not the way to go. 
With that, again, I commend Con-
gresswoman L
OWEY , Congresswoman 
ROYBAL -ALLARD , Congressman B ENNIE  
THOMPSON , the authorizing committee 
for their great leadership on our side. The chairman of the committee, Mr. R
OGERS , knows I have a tremendous 
amount of respect for him. I feel sad for him that he is in this situation. I hope that we can get out of it soon. 
Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Madam 
Speaker, I am prepared to close. Does the gentlelady have further speakers? 
Mrs. LOWEY. I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Madam 
Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. 
I will be brief. There is no money in 
this bill to fund the President’s am-nesty program. There is money in this bill to keep the Department of Home-land Security’s doors open and in pro-tection of the American people. This will give us time for the bill the Senate just has sent over to us funding the De-partment; this will give us time to rec-oncile the differences between the House version and the Senate version, and we will be prepared then to send a bill to that conference committee and, hopefully, then a bill to the President to sign. 
Madam Speaker, I urge an ‘‘aye’’ 
vote. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Madam Speaker, con-
gressional dysfunction is now impacting our nation’s security. 
The Senate has acted rationally by passing 
a clean Department of Homeland Security funding bill. 
The House should do the same. The House 
majority should take up the Senate bill and rise above political security and make national security the priority. 
As a senior member of the House Com-
mittee on Homeland Security and one who was present in this body on September 11, 2001, it is sobering to think that so many of this body’s members now think terrorism is a political football. 
Over 3,000 Americans died that day—and if 
not for the bravery of those who gave their lives in a field in Pennsylvania many more would have died. 
Those who were killed or risked their lives 
to save others included undocumented per-sons. 
The 9/11 Commission Report stated that 
had United Flight 93 not crashed in Shanksville, Pennsylvania, located 125 miles from Washington, DC, that flight would have reached Washington, DC, between 10:13 and 10:23 on September 11, 2001. 
I went to ground zero in New York while it 
still was burning and workers were trying to recover the remains of victims. 
This sobering experience has seared into 
my mind—never again. 
I am forever grateful to those who risk their 
lives every day to protect this nation—they should be valued and honored. 
The fact that the leadership of the House 
chose to bring to the floor a rule for another Continuing Resolution that would extend fund-ing to the Department of Homeland Security for three weeks is without a doubt one of the worst ideas in our nation’s history. 
Our enemies have not stood-down; nor 
have they given up—they are adapting, evolv-ing and improving their ability to inflict harm upon America and Americans. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:10 Feb 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K27FE7.029 H27FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1393 February 27, 2015 
Meanwhile the House is sending a message 
to terrorists that we are disorganized and inef-fective in our resolve to protect our nation and its people. 
In his letter to Members of Congress, DHS 
Secretary Johnson states in clear terms what is at stake. 
The global terrorist threat has become 
more decentralized and complex. Terrorist organizations are now openly calling on at-tacks on Western targets. 
A new video, reportedly from Al Shabaab, 
shows the terror group calling for an attack on Mall of America in Bloomington, Minnesota. 
Al Shabaab is the same terrorist group that 
attacked the Westgate Mall in Nairobi, Kenya resulting in 60 deaths. 
The arrest this week in New York City high-
light the threats posed by independent actors in the homeland who support overseas ter-rorist organizations and radical ideology. 
Last October—three teenage girls who lived 
in a Denver suburb attempted to depart the country for Syria to join violent extremists, but thanks to the work of our domestic and inter-national security professionals they were inter-cepted and returned home to the custody of their parents. 
Keeping American families safe is the first 
responsibility of the Congress—but Repub-licans have decided that appeasing anti-immi-grant Tea Party extremists is more important than the protecting our homeland. 
The Department of Homeland Security 
needs support for important federal cybersecu-rity initiatives, disaster relief and recovery pro-grams, and essential law enforcement activi-ties that are critical for ensuring that DHS can help keep our nation safe from harm. 
The recent terrorist attacks in Paris and by 
Boko Haram in Nigeria give heightened ur-gency to the words of Appropriations Com-mittee Chairman R
OGERS that we need to get 
a clean Homeland Security spending bill ‘‘to the president’s desk so we can get a signature funding Homeland Security at a very tedious time in the world.’’ 
If the day ends without Congress taking ac-
tion, the men and women charged with pro-tecting the homeland will be sent a message that the House does not value 170,000 em-ployees who will be required to work without pay. 
These employees include members of the 
Coast Guard, Border Patrol, Secret Service, Transportation Security Administration and others on the front lines of Homeland Security. 
An additional 30,000 employees of the De-
partment of Homeland Security will be fur-loughed and sent home without pay. 
Contracting services across the Department, 
including those for critical mission support ac-tivities, will be disrupted or interrupted. 
A shutdown will prevent DHS from awarding 
$2.5 billion in grants to state, local, and tribal governments for response capabilities to re-cover from terrorist attacks, major disasters and other emergencies. 
A DHS shutdown would hit Texas especially 
hard. 
The local and state negative impact of 
House inaction is the forgoing of fiscal year 2015 grants that go to first responders. 
In 2014, DHS grants awarded to the city of 
Houston included $24,000,000 from Urban Area Security Initiative grants and $299,995 from the nonprofit program. 
In 2014, port security grants included: 
$1,810,826 for Harris County; $845,250 for the City of Houston. Programs intended to aid our fire fighters 
such as the one at the University of Texas Health Science Center in Houston, which re-ceived a $1,493,340 DHS research grant last year are being hurt by House inaction on fiscal year 2015 funding for the agency. 
The majority must stop putting political se-
curity before national security and take up a clean bill to fully fund the Department of Homeland Security. 
Mr. LANGEVIN. Madam Speaker, I rise 
today to register my disbelief that Republicans are continuing to use funding for the Depart-ment of Homeland Security as a political foot-ball. Every single member of the Democratic Caucus is a cosponsor of a clean, full-year funding bill, a bill that would be sure to pass if House leaders were to allow it to come to the floor. Across the Capitol, the Senate has already passed a clean bill. And yet House Republicans continue to insist that their polit-ical priorities take precedence over the oper-ations of an agency vital to our national secu-rity. 
I am a member of the Committee on Home-
land Security. Over the past few weeks, I have heard testimony highlighting the threat that we face from violent extremists, particularly those radicalized in the U.S. I have heard testimony about the pervasiveness of the cyber threat to our nation, particularly to our critical infrastruc-ture. And I have heard how DHS plays a vital role in ensuring we can protect against and re-spond to these threats. 
Trying to implement strategies to protect our 
homeland security on a three-week time frame is simply absurd. Republicans created this funding crisis by refusing to approve a bipar-tisan agreement in December, and Republican action today is prolonging it. I hope that the majority will cease their political gamesman-ship well before their new deadline and join with Democrats in passing a clean bill. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time 
for debate has expired. 
Pursuant to House Resolution 129, 
the previous question is ordered. 
The question is on the engrossment 
and third reading of the joint resolu-tion. 
The joint resolution was ordered to 
be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 1(c) of rule XIX, further consideration of House Joint Resolu-tion 35 is postponed. 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE 
A message from the Senate by Ms. 
Curtis, one of its clerks, announced that the Senate has passed with an amendment in which the concurrence of the House is requested, a bill of the House of the following title: 
H.R. 240. An act making appropriations for 
the Department of Homeland Security for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2015, and for other purposes. 
f 
STUDENT SUCCESS ACT 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to House Resolution 125 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill, H.R. 5. Will the gentleman from Kansas (Mr. 
Y
ODER ) kindly take the chair. 
b1207 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved 
itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill (H.R. 5) to support State and local account-ability for public education, protect State and local authority, inform par-ents of the performance of their chil-dren’s schools, and for other purposes, with Mr. Y
ODER of Kansas (Acting 
Chair) in the chair. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The Acting CHAIR. When the Com-
mittee of the Whole rose on Thursday, February 26, 2015, a request for a re-corded vote on amendment No. 41 printed in part B of House Report 114– 29 by the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. P
OLIS) had been postponed. 
The Chair understands that amend-
ment No. 42 will not be offered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 43 OFFERED BY MR . THOMPSON  
OF MISSISSIPPI  
The Acting CHAIR (Mrs. B LACK ). It is 
now in order to consider amendment No. 43 printed in part B of House Re-port 114–29. 
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. 
Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 620, after line 8, insert the following: 
SEC. 802. DELAY OF EFFECTIVE DATE. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of 
this Act or the amendments made by this Act, this Act, and the amendments made by this Act, shall not take effect until the Sec-retary of Education— 
(1) determines that the enactment of this 
Act, and the amendments made by this Act, will not decrease the college and career read-iness of students who are racial or ethnic mi-nority, students with disabilities, English learners, and low-income students; and 
(2) provides written notification to Con-
gress on such determination. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 125, the gentleman from Mississippi (Mr. T
HOMPSON ) and a 
Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman. Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. 
Madam Chair, the Thompson amend-ment to the Student Success Act is a commonsense amendment that ensures millions of poor, minority, and dis-advantaged students will not be over-looked in the chaos that emanates from this rewrite of our educational policy. 
Madam Chair, education is a civil 
right. Rather than develop quality standards that improve and enhance our system of education, this body has overlooked the harmful effects of H.R. 5 on funding and equal opportunity for millions of our students. 
H.R. 5 removes strong accountability 
provisions required to make sure that children who need the most help will 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:15 Feb 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27FE7.010 H27FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1394 February 27, 2015 
actually get help. It is morally unac-
ceptable and extraordinarily expensive to have 14.7 million poor children in our country, 6.5 million of them living at less than half the poverty level. All of these children exceed the combined residents in all 50 State capitals and the District of Columbia. The Thomp-son amendment protects these popu-lations from discrimination. 
The Student Success Act has failed 
to set standards that ensure vulnerable minority and disadvantaged students will be able to obtain a high school di-ploma. Our Nation has demonstrated the need for Federal action that forces States to care about the achievement of vulnerable communities. More spe-cifically, in Black communities, the legacy and commitment to education stems from the days of slavery when Blacks learned to read in secret and at risk to their own lives. Even 50 years after Brown v. Board of Education, these communities and schools are still very much segregated. However, the concentration of poverty has become more exacerbated. Research has shown that school districts spend $733 per pupil less at schools that were 90 per-cent minority compared to the schools that were 90 percent White. 
The task before this Chamber is to 
improve our broken system of edu-cation. We must right the wrongs of past education legislation and insert accountability for the learning of his-torically underserved students. If the goal of H.R. 5 truly is to improve our educational system for vulnerable stu-dents and increase their college readi-ness and career skills set, this amend-ment should be a no-brainer. 
The Thompson amendment is simple. 
It directs the Secretary of Education to certify that this law will not ad-versely impact minorities, students with disabilities, English learners, and students with low income. 
My colleagues on the other side of 
the aisle claim that H.R. 5 will improve outcomes for poor, minority, and dis-advantaged students. If so, then a Sec-retarial determination of this positive impact should be something every Member of this body can support. 
Madam Chair, I urge my colleagues 
to support amendment 43, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. KLINE. Madam Chair, I rise in 
opposition to the gentleman’s amend-ment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Minnesota is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
Mr. KLINE. Madam Chair, I do want 
to thank the gentleman from Mis-
sissippi for bringing this amendment forward, although I do oppose it. 
The Student Success Act, the under-
lying bill, requires—requires—States and school districts to establish aca-demic standards consistent with cur-rent law and requires States to estab-lish statewide accountability systems that result in students being prepared for postsecondary education or the workforce when they graduate high school. The proper role of the Federal Gov-
ernment, Madam Chair, is to support and empower State and local innova-tion so that education leaders are bet-ter equipped to meet the needs of our most vulnerable students. It is back to the fundamental question of who do we trust here. We believe very strongly that parents, teachers, principals, su-perintendents, school boards, and States have a much better under-standing of the needs of their stu-dents—and this is about students—than Washington does. 
I urge my colleagues to oppose the 
Thompson amendment and support the underlying bill. 
I reserve the balance of my time. 
b1215 
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. 
Madam Chair, in taking from the com-ments from the speaker in opposition, you want the States to certify, but you want the Federal Government to pro-vide the money. 
What we are saying is, if the Federal 
Government is providing the money, then they should have some oversight as to the overall standards that are ad-hered to by the program. 
What my amendment simply does is 
to say that the Secretary of Education has a responsibility to certify that all students will be provided the proper education and other things afforded this act. It is about the certification, and before we spend any money, we have to do that. 
If the State certifies to the Sec-
retary, then that is fine; but if we are saying, as I understand the opposition to this amendment, that we are going to leave that certification to the States without any oversight from the Federal Government—all they want is our money—then that is a poor way to run government. 
Madam Chair, I ask for support of the 
amendment, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. 
Mr. KLINE. Madam Chair, I think 
the gentleman has underscored the very issue we are talking about. 
What we have now under current law 
is the Secretary of Education’s decid-ing what the Secretary of Education likes or doesn’t like, what to certify or not to certify, whether to give away or not to give away, whether to provide money or not to provide money. 
We believe, with the language that is 
in the underlying bill of giving the au-thority and the responsibility to the States and requiring them to establish standards and assessments to those standards that meet their needs, that you will get a much better result than what we have seen now in year after year after year with the current law, No Child Left Behind, which we have been living under. Republicans and Democrats all agree that No Child Left Behind is not working and must be re-placed. 
We want to put our faith—we want to 
put our trust—in the people closest to the students. That is what this legisla-tion is about. That is what this debate 
is about. Again, I urge my colleagues to oppose the gentleman’s amendment and to support the underlying bill. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Mississippi (Mr. T
HOMP -
SON). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. 
Madam Chair, I demand a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Mississippi will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 44 OFFERED BY MR . SCOTT OF  
VIRGINIA  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 44 printed in part B of House Report 114–29. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Madam 
Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Strike the text and insert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Student 
Success Act’’. 
SEC. 2. REFERENCES. 
Except as otherwise expressly provided, 
whenever in this Act an amendment or re-peal is expressed in terms of an amendment to, or repeal of, a section or other provision, the reference shall be considered to be made to a section or other provision of the Ele-mentary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6301 et seq.). 
SEC. 3. TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
The table of contents for this Act is as fol-
lows: 
Sec. 1. Short title. 
Sec. 2. References. Sec. 3. Table of contents. 
TITLE I—IMPROVING THE ACADEMIC 
ACHIEVEMENT OF THE DISADVANTAGED 
Sec. 101. Statement of purpose. 
Sec. 102. Authorization of appropriations. Sec. 103. State plans. Sec. 104. Eligible school attendance areas. Sec. 105. Academic assessment and local 
educational agency and school improvement; school support and recognition. 
Sec. 106. Parental involvement. Sec. 107. Paraprofessionals. Sec. 108. Comparable allocation of expendi-
tures. 
Sec. 109. Coordination requirements. Sec. 110. Treatment of the outlying areas 
and Bureau of Indian Education Schools. 
Sec. 111. Support for high-quality assess-
ments. 
Sec. 112. State agency programs. Sec. 113. Foster Youth. Sec. 114. School dropout prevention. 
TITLE II—TEACHERS AND LEADERS 
Sec. 201. Great teachers and leaders. 
Sec. 202. HEA conforming amendments. 
TITLE III—LANGUAGE INSTRUCTION FOR 
LIMITED ENGLISH PROFICIENT AND IMMIGRANT STUDENTS 
Sec. 301. Language instruction. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:10 Feb 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0655 E:\CR\FM\K27FE7.033 H27FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1395 February 27, 2015 
TITLE IV—21ST CENTURY SCHOOLS 
Sec. 401. 21st Century schools. 
TITLE V—WELL-ROUNDED STUDENTS 
AND ENGAGED FAMILIES 
Subtitle A—Public Charter Schools 
Sec. 501. Subpart heading; Purpose. 
Sec. 502. Program authorized. Sec. 503. Grants to support high-quality 
charter schools. 
Sec. 504. Facilities Financing Assistance. Sec. 505. National activities. Sec. 506. Records transfer. Sec. 507. Definitions. Sec. 508. Authorization of appropriations. Sec. 509. Conforming amendments. 
Subtitle B—Magnet Schools 
Sec. 510. Duration of award; accountability. 
Sec. 511. Authorization of appropriations; 
reservation. 
Subtitle C—Fund for the Improvement of 
Education 
Sec. 512. Fund for the Improvement of Edu-
cation. 
Subtitle D—Family Engagement in 
Education Programs 
Sec. 521. Family engagement in education 
programs. 
Subtitle E—Fast Track to College 
Sec. 531. Short title. 
Sec. 532. Purpose. Sec. 533. Definitions. Sec. 534. Authorization of appropriations; 
reservations. 
Sec. 535. Authorized program. Sec. 536. Uses of funds. Sec. 537. Application. Sec. 538. Peer review. Sec. 539. Grants to States. Sec. 540. Reporting and oversight. Sec. 541. Rules of construction. 
TITLE VI—FLEXIBILITY AND 
ACCOUNTABILITY 
Sec. 601. Flexibility and accountability. 
TITLE VII—INDIAN, NATIVE HAWAIIAN, 
AND ALASKA NATIVE EDUCATION 
Sec. 701. In general. 
Subtitle A—Indian Education 
Sec. 711. Purpose. 
P
ART1—F ORMULA GRANTS TO LOCAL  
EDUCATIONAL AGENCIES  
Sec. 721. Formula grant purpose. 
Sec. 722. Grants to local educational agen-
cies, tribes, and indian organi-zations. 
Sec. 723. Amount of grants. Sec. 724. Applications. Sec. 725. Authorized services and activities. Sec. 726. Student eligibility forms. Sec. 727. Technical assistance. Sec. 728. Improvement of educational oppor-
tunities for Indian children. 
P
ART2—S PECIAL PROGRAMS AND PROJECTS TO  
IMPROVE EDUCATIONAL OPPORTUNITIES FOR  
INDIAN CHILDREN  
Sec. 731. Professional development for 
teachers and education profes-sionals. 
P
ART3—N ATIONAL ACTIVITIES  
Sec. 741. National activities. 
Sec. 742. Improvement of academic success 
for students through Native American language. 
Subtitle B—Native Hawaiian Education; 
Alaska Native Education 
Sec. 751. Native Hawaiian education and 
Alaska Native education. 
Sec. 752. Findings. Sec. 753. Purposes. Sec. 754. Native Hawaiian Education Council 
grant. 
Sec. 755. Grant program authorized. Sec. 756. Administrative provisions; author-
ization of appropriations. 
Sec. 757. Definitions. Sec. 758. Alaska Native education. 
TITLE VIII—IMPACT AID 
Sec. 801. Purpose. 
Sec. 802. Payments relating to Federal ac-
quisition of real property. 
Sec. 803. Payments for eligible federally 
connected children. 
Sec. 804. Policies and procedures relating to 
children residing on Indian lands. 
Sec. 805. Application for payments under 
sections 8002 and 8003. 
Sec. 806. Construction. Sec. 807. Facilities. Sec. 808. State consideration of payments 
providing State aid. 
Sec. 809. Administrative hearings and judi-
cial review. 
Sec. 810. Definitions. Sec. 811. Authorization of appropriations. Sec. 812. Conforming amendments. 
TITLE IX—GENERAL PROVISIONS 
Sec. 900. General amendments. 
Subtitle A—Protecting Students From 
Sexual and Violent Predators 
Sec. 901. Background checks. 
Sec. 902. Conforming amendment. 
Subtitle B—Evaluation Authority 
Sec. 911. Evaluation authority. 
Subtitle C—Keeping All Students Safe 
Sec. 911. Keeping All Students Safe. 
Subtitle D—Protecting Student Athletes 
From Concussions 
Sec. 931. Protecting Student Athletes from 
Concussions. 
TITLE X—EDUCATION FOR HOMELESS 
CHILDREN AND YOUTHS 
Sec. 1001. Education for Homeless Children 
and Youths. 
TITLE XI—PREKINDERGARTEN ACCESS 
Subtitle A—Access to Voluntary Prekinder-
garten for Low- and Moderate-Income Families 
Sec. 1111. Purposes. 
Sec. 1112. Definitions. Sec. 1113. Program authorization. Sec. 1114. Allotments and reservations of 
funds. 
Sec. 1115. State eligibility criteria. Sec. 1116. State applications. Sec. 1117. State use of funds. Sec. 1118. Additional prekindergarten serv-
ices. 
Sec. 1119. Performance measures and tar-
gets. 
Sec. 1120. Matching requirements. Sec. 1121. Eligible local entity applications. Sec. 1122. Required subgrant activities. Sec. 1123. Report and evaluation. Sec. 1124. Prohibition of required participa-
tion or use of funds for assess-ments. 
Sec. 1125. Coordination with Head Start pro-
grams. 
Sec. 1126. Technical assistance in program 
administration. 
Sec. 1127. Authorization of appropriations. 
Subtitle B—Prekindergarten Development 
Grants 
Sec. 1151. Prekindergarten development 
grants. 
TITLE I—IMPROVING THE ACADEMIC 
ACHIEVEMENT OF THE DISADVANTAGED 
SEC. 101. STATEMENT OF PURPOSE. 
Section 1001 (20 U.S.C. 6301) is amended to 
read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 1001. STATEMENT OF PURPOSE. 
‘‘The purpose of this title is to ensure that 
all children have a fair, equal, and signifi-cant opportunity to obtain a high-quality 
education and to graduate ready to succeed in college and the workforce by— 
‘‘(1) meeting the educational needs of low- 
achieving children in our Nation’s highest- poverty schools, English learners, migrant children, children with disabilities, Indian children, and neglected or delinquent chil-dren; 
‘‘(2) ensuring high-quality college and ca-
reer ready standards, academic assessments, accountability systems, teacher and school leader preparation and training, curriculum, and instructional materials are developed and implemented to prepare students to compete in the global economy; 
‘‘(3) closing the achievement gap between 
high- and low-performing children, espe-cially between minority and nonminority students and between disadvantaged children and their more advantaged peers; 
‘‘(4) holding schools, local educational 
agencies, and States accountable for improv-ing the academic achievement for all stu-dents including the mastery of content knowledge and the ability to think criti-cally, solve problems, and communicate ef-fectively, ensuring all students graduate ready to succeed in college and the work-force; 
‘‘(5) distributing and targeting resources to 
support local educational agencies and schools with the greatest needs to close the educational opportunity gap between low-in-come students and their more affluent peers; 
‘‘(6) improving and maintaining account-
ability for student achievement, graduation rates, and resource equity while increasing local flexibility and authority to improve schools; and 
‘‘(7) ensuring parents have substantial and 
meaningful opportunities to participate in the education of their children.’’. 
SEC. 102. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
Section 1002 (20 U.S.C. 6302) is amended— (1) by amending subsection (a) to read as 
follows: 
‘‘(a) L
OCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCY GRANTS .— 
For the purpose of carrying out part A, there are authorized to be appropriated $30,000,000,000 for fiscal year 2016 and such sums as may be necessary for each of the 5 succeeding fiscal years.’’; 
(2) in subsection (c)— (A) by striking ‘‘$410,000,000’’ and inserting 
‘‘$500,000,000’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘2002’’ and inserting ‘‘2016’’; 
and 
(3) in subsection (d)— (A) by striking ‘‘$50,000,000’’ and inserting 
‘‘$55,000,000’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘2002’’ and inserting ‘‘2016’’. 
SEC. 103. STATE PLANS. 
Section 1111 (20 U.S.C. 6311) is amended to 
read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 1111. STATE PLAN. 
‘‘(a) P LANS REQUIRED .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—For any State desiring 
to receive a grant under this part, the State educational agency shall submit to the Sec-retary a plan, developed by the State edu-cational agency, in consultation with rep-resentatives of local educational agencies, teachers, school leaders, specialized instruc-tional support personnel, early childhood education providers, parents, community or-ganizations, communities representing un-derserved populations, and Indian tribes, that satisfies the requirements of this sec-tion, and that is coordinated with other pro-grams of this Act, the Individuals with Dis-abilities Education Act, the Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Education Act of 2006, the Head Start Act, the Adult Education and Family Literacy Act, and the McKinney- Vento Homeless Assistance Act. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:10 Feb 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27FE7.011 H27FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1396 February 27, 2015 
‘‘(2) C ONSOLIDATED PLAN .—A State plan 
submitted under paragraph (1) may be sub-mitted as a part of a consolidated plan under section 9302. 
‘‘(b) C
OLLEGE AND CAREER READY CONTENT  
STANDARDS , ASSESSMENTS , ANDACHIEVEMENT  
STANDARDS .— 
‘‘(1) G ENERAL REQUIREMENTS .—Each State 
plan shall include evidence that the State’s college and career ready content standards, assessments, and achievement standards under this subsection are— 
‘‘(A) vertically aligned from kindergarten 
through grade 12; and 
‘‘(B) developed and implemented to ensure 
that proficiency in the content standards will signify that a student is on-track to graduate prepared for— 
‘‘(i) according to written affirmation from 
the State’s public institutions of higher edu-cation, placement in credit-bearing, non-remedial courses at the 2-and 4-year public institutions of higher education in the State; and 
‘‘(ii) success on relevant State career and 
technical education standards. 
‘‘(2) C
OLLEGE AND CAREER READY CONTENT  
STANDARDS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Each State plan shall 
demonstrate that, not later than the 2015– 2016 school year the State educational agen-cy will adopt and implement high-quality, college and career ready content standards that comply with this paragraph. 
‘‘(B) S
UBJECTS .—The State educational 
agency shall have such high-quality, aca-demic content standards for students in kin-dergarten through grade 12 for, at a min-imum, English language arts, math, and science. 
‘‘(C) E
LEMENTS .—College and career ready 
content standards under this paragraph shall— 
‘‘(i) be developed through participation in 
a State-led process that engages— 
‘‘(I) kindergarten through-grade-12 edu-
cation experts (including teachers and school leaders); and 
‘‘(II) representatives of institutions of 
higher education, the business community, and the early learning community; 
‘‘(ii) be rigorous, internationally 
benchmarked, and evidence-based, requiring students to demonstrate the ability to think critically, solve problems, and communicate effectively; 
‘‘(iii) be either— ‘‘(I) validated, including through written 
affirmation from the State’s public institu-tions of higher education, to ensure that pro-ficiency in the content standards will signify that a student is on-track to graduate pre-pared for— 
‘‘(aa) placement in credit-bearing, non-
remedial courses at the 2-and 4-year public institutions of higher education in the State; and 
‘‘(bb) success on relevant State career and 
technical education standards; or 
‘‘(II) State-developed and voluntarily 
adopted by a significant number of States; 
‘‘(iv) for standards from kindergarten 
through grade 3, reflect progression in how children develop and learn the requisite skills and content from earlier grades (in-cluding preschool) to later grades; and 
‘‘(v) apply to all schools and students in 
the State. 
‘‘(D) E
NGLISH LANGUAGE PROFICIENCY  
STANDARDS .—Each State educational agency 
shall develop and implement statewide, high- quality English language proficiency stand-ards that— 
‘‘(i) are aligned with the State’s academic 
content standards; 
‘‘(ii) reflect the academic language that is 
required for success on the State educational agency’s academic content assessments; ‘‘(iii) predict success on the applicable 
grade level English language arts content as-sessment; 
‘‘(iv) ensure proficiency in each of the do-
mains of speaking, listening, reading, and writing in the appropriate amount of time; and 
‘‘(v) address the different proficiency levels 
of English learners. 
‘‘(E) E
ARLY LEARNING STANDARDS .—The 
State educational agency shall, in collabora-tion with the State agencies responsible for overseeing early care and education pro-grams and the State early care and edu-cation advisory council, develop and imple-ment early learning standards across all major domains of development for pre-schoolers that— 
‘‘(i) demonstrate alignment with the State 
academic content standards; 
‘‘(ii) are implemented through dissemina-
tion, training, and other means to applicable early care and education programs; 
‘‘(iii) reflect research and evidence-based 
developmental and learning expectations; 
‘‘(iv) inform teaching practices and profes-
sional development and services; and 
‘‘(v) for preschool age children, appro-
priately assist in the transition to kinder-garten. 
‘‘(F) A
SSURANCE .—Each State plan shall in-
clude an assurance that the State has imple-mented the same content standards for all students in the same grade and does not have a policy of using different content standards for any student subgroup. 
‘‘(3) H
IGH-QUALITY ASSESSMENTS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Each State plan shall 
demonstrate that the State educational agency will adopt and implement high-qual-ity assessments in English language arts, math, and science not later than the 2016– 2017 school year that comply with this para-graph. 
‘‘(B) E
LEMENTS .—Such assessments shall— 
‘‘(i) be valid, reliable, appropriate, and of 
adequate technical quality for each purpose required under this Act, and be consistent with relevant, nationally recognized profes-sional and technical standards; 
‘‘(ii) measure the knowledge and skills nec-
essary to demonstrate proficiency in the aca-demic content standards under paragraph (2) for the grade in which the student is en-rolled; 
‘‘(iii) be developed as part of a system of 
assessments providing data (including indi-vidual student achievement data and indi-vidual student growth data), that shall be used to improve teaching, learning, and pro-gram outcomes; 
‘‘(iv) be used in determining the perform-
ance of each local educational agency and school in the State in accordance with the State’s accountability system under sub-section (c); 
‘‘(v) provide an accurate measure of— ‘‘(I) student achievement at all levels of 
student performance; and 
‘‘(II) student academic growth; ‘‘(vi) allow for complex demonstrations or 
applications of knowledge and skills includ-ing the ability to think critically, solve problems, and communicate effectively; 
‘‘(vii) be accessible for all students, includ-
ing students with disabilities and English learners, by— 
‘‘(I) incorporating principles of universal 
design as defined by section 3(a) of the As-sistive Technology Act of 1998 (29 U.S.C. 3002(a)); and 
‘‘(II) being interoperable when using any 
digital assessment, such as computer-based and online assessments; 
‘‘(viii) provide for accommodations, includ-
ing for computer-based and online assess-ments, for students with disabilities and English learners to provide a valid and reli-
able measure of such students’ achievement; 
‘‘(ix) produce individual student interpre-
tive, descriptive, and diagnostic reports that allow parents, teachers, and school leaders to understand and address the specific aca-demic needs of students, and include infor-mation regarding achievement on academic assessments, and that are provided to par-ents, teachers, and school leaders, as soon as is practicable after the assessment is given, in an understandable and uniform format, and to the extent practicable, in a language that parents can understand; and 
‘‘(x) may be partially delivered in the form 
of portfolios, projects, or extended perform-ance tasks as long as such assessments meet the requirements of this subsection. 
‘‘(C) A
DMINISTRATION .—Such assessments 
shall— 
‘‘(i) be administered to all students, includ-
ing all subgroups described in subsection (c)(3)(A), in the same grade level for each content area assessed, except as provided under subparagraph (E), through— 
‘‘(I) a single summative assessment each 
school year; or 
‘‘(II) multiple statewide assessments over 
the course of the school year that result in a single summative score that provides valid, reliable, and transparent information on stu-dent achievement for each tested content area in each grade level; 
‘‘(ii) for English language arts and math— ‘‘(I) be administered annually, at a min-
imum, for students in grade 3 through grade 8; and 
‘‘(II) be administered at least once, but not 
earlier than 11th grade for students in grades 9 through grade 12; and 
‘‘(iii) for science, be administered at least 
once during grades 3 through 5, grades 6 through 8, and grades 9 through 12. 
‘‘(D) N
ATIVE LANGUAGE ASSESSMENTS .— 
Each State educational agency with at least 10,000 English learners, at least 25 percent of which speak the same language that is not English, shall adopt and implement native language assessments for that language con-sistent with State law. Such assessments shall be for students— 
‘‘(i) for whom the academic assessment in 
the student’s native language would likely yield more accurate and reliable information about such student’s content knowledge; 
‘‘(ii) who are literate in the native lan-
guage and have received formal education in such language; or 
‘‘(iii) who are enrolled in a bilingual or 
dual language program and the native lan-guage assessment is consistent with such program’s language of instruction. 
‘‘(E) A
LTERNATE ASSESSMENTS FOR STU -
DENTS WITH THE MOST SIGNIFICANT COGNITIVE  
DISABILITIES .—In the case of a State edu-
cational agency that adopts alternate achievement standards for students with the most significant cognitive disabilities de-scribed in paragraph (4)(D), the State shall adopt and implement high-quality statewide alternate assessments aligned to such alter-nate achievement standards that meet the requirements of subparagraphs (B) and (C), so long as the State ensures that in the State the total number of students in each grade level assessed in each subject does not exceed the cap established under subsection (c)(3)(E)(iii)(II). 
‘‘(F) E
NGLISH LANGUAGE PROFICIENCY AS -
SESSMENTS .—Each State educational agency 
shall adopt and implement statewide English language proficiency assessments that— 
‘‘(i) are administered annually and aligned 
with the State’s English language pro-ficiency standards and academic content standards; 
‘‘(ii) are accessible, valid, and reliable; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:10 Feb 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27FE7.011 H27FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1397 February 27, 2015 
‘‘(iii) measure proficiency in reading, lis-
tening, speaking, and writing in English both individually and collectively; 
‘‘(iv) assess progress and growth on lan-
guage and content acquisition; and 
‘‘(v) allow for the local educational agency 
to retest a student in the individual domain areas that the student did not pass, unless the student is newly entering a school in the State, or is in the third, fifth, or eighth grades. 
‘‘(G) S
PECIAL RULE WITH RESPECT TO BUREAU  
FUNDED SCHOOLS .—In determining the assess-
ments to be used by each school operated or funded by the Department of the Interior’s Bureau of Indian Education receiving funds under this part, the following shall apply: 
‘‘(i) Each such school that is accredited by 
the State in which it is operating shall use the assessments the State has developed and implemented to meet the requirements of this section, or such other appropriate as-sessment as approved by the Secretary of the Interior. 
‘‘(ii) Each such school that is accredited by 
a regional accrediting organization shall adopt an appropriate assessment, in con-sultation with and with the approval of, the Secretary of the Interior and consistent with assessments adopted by other schools in the same State or region, that meets the re-quirements of this section. 
‘‘(iii) Each such school that is accredited 
by a tribal accrediting agency or tribal divi-sion of education shall use an assessment de-veloped by such agency or division, except that the Secretary of the Interior shall en-sure that such assessment meets the require-ments of this section. 
‘‘(H) A
SSURANCE .—Each State plan shall in-
clude an assurance that the State edu-cational agency will take steps to ensure that the State assessment system, which in-cludes all statewide assessments and local assessments is coordinated and streamlined to eliminate duplication of assessment pur-poses, practices, and use. 
‘‘(I) A
CCOMMODATIONS .—Each State plan 
shall— 
‘‘(i) describe the accommodations for 
English learners and students with disabil-ities on the assessments used by the State which may include accommodations such as text-to-speech technology or read aloud, braille, large print, calculator, speech-to- text technology or scribe, extended time, and frequent breaks; 
‘‘(ii) include evidence of the effectiveness 
of such accommodations in maintaining valid results for the appropriate population; and 
‘‘(iii) include evidence that such accom-
modations do not change the construct in-tended to be measured by the assessment or the meaning of the resulting scores. 
‘‘(J) A
DAPTIVE ASSESSMENTS .—In the case 
of a State educational agency that develops and administers computer adaptive assess-ments, such assessments shall meet the re-quirements of this paragraph, and must measure, at a minimum, each student’s aca-demic proficiency against the State’s con-tent standards as described in paragraph (2) for the grade in which the student is en-rolled. 
‘‘(4) C
OLLEGE AND CAREER READY ACHIEVE -
MENT AND GROWTH STANDARDS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Each State plan shall 
demonstrate that the State will adopt and implement college and career ready achieve-ment standards in English language arts, math, and science by the 2015–2016 school year that comply with this paragraph. 
‘‘(B) E
LEMENTS .—Such academic achieve-
ment standards shall establish at a min-imum, 3 levels of student achievement that describe how well a student is demonstrating proficiency in the State’s academic content standards that differentiate levels of per-
formance to— 
‘‘(i) describe 2 levels of high achievement 
(on-target and advanced) that indicate, at a minimum, that a student is proficient in the academic content standards under paragraph (2) as measured by the performance on as-sessments under paragraph (3); and 
‘‘(ii) describe a third level of achievement 
(catch-up) that provides information about the progress of a student toward becoming proficient in the academic content standards under paragraph (2) as measured by the per-formance on assessments under paragraph (3). 
‘‘(C) V
ERTICAL ALIGNMENT .—Such achieve-
ment standards are vertically aligned to en-sure a student who achieves at the on-target or advanced levels under subparagraph (B)(i) signifies that student is on-track to graduate prepared for— 
‘‘(i) placement in credit-bearing, non-
remedial courses at the 2- and 4-year public institutions of higher education in the State; and 
‘‘(ii) success on relevant State career and 
technical education standards. 
‘‘(D) A
LTERNATE ACHIEVEMENT STAND -
ARDS .—If a State educational agency adopts 
alternate achievement standards for stu-dents with the most significant cognitive disabilities, such academic achievement standards shall establish, at a minimum, 3 levels of student achievement that describe how well a student is demonstrating pro-ficiency in the State’s academic content standards that— 
‘‘(i) are aligned to the State’s college and 
career ready content standards under para-graph (2); 
‘‘(ii) are vertically aligned to ensure that a 
student who achieves at the on-target or ad-vanced level under clause (v)(I) signifies that the student is on-track to access a postsec-ondary education or competitive integrated employment; 
‘‘(ii) reflect concepts and skills that stu-
dents should know and understand for each grade; 
‘‘(iv) are supported by evidence-based 
learning progressions to age and grade-level performance; and 
‘‘(v) establish, at a minimum— ‘‘(I) 2 levels of high achievement (on-target 
and advanced) that indicate, at a minimum, that a student with the most significant cog-nitive disabilities is proficient in the aca-demic content standards under paragraph (2) as measured by the performance on assess-ments under paragraph (3)(E); and 
‘‘(II) a third level of achievement (catch- 
up) that provides information about the progress of a student with the most signifi-cant cognitive disabilities toward becoming proficient in the academic content standards under paragraph (2) as measured by the per-formance on assessments under paragraph (3)(E). 
‘‘(E) S
TUDENT GROWTH STANDARDS .—Each 
State plan shall demonstrate that the State will adopt and implement student growth standards for students in the assessed grades that comply with this subparagraph, as fol-lows: 
‘‘(i) O
N-TARGET AND ADVANCED LEVELS .— 
For a student who is achieving at the on-tar-get or advanced level of achievement, the student growth standard is not less than the rate of academic growth necessary for the student to remain at that level of student achievement for not less than 3 years. 
‘‘(ii) C
ATCH -UP LEVEL .—For a student who 
is achieving at the catch-up level of achieve-ment, the student growth standard is not less than the rate of academic growth nec-essary for the student to achieve an on-tar-get level of achievement within 3 or 4 years, as determined by the State. ‘‘(F) P
ROHIBITION .—A State may not estab-
lish alternate or modified achievement standards for any subgroup of students, ex-cept as provided under subparagraph (D). 
‘‘(5) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
paragraph (3) shall be construed to prescribe the use of the academic assessments estab-lished pursuant to such paragraph for stu-dent promotion or graduation purposes. 
‘‘(c) A
CCOUNTABILITY AND SCHOOL IMPROVE -
MENT SYSTEM .—The State plan shall dem-
onstrate that not later than the 2016 – 2017 school year, the State educational agency, in consultation with representatives of local educational agencies, teachers, school lead-ers, parents, community organizations, com-munities representing underserved popu-lations and Indian tribes, has developed a single statewide accountability and school improvement system (in this subsection known as the ‘accountability system’) that ensures all students have the knowledge and skills to successfully enter the workforce or postsecondary education without the need for remediation by complying with this sub-section as follows: 
‘‘(1) E
LEMENTS .—Each State accountability 
system shall, at a minimum— 
‘‘(A) annually measure academic achieve-
ment for all students, including each sub-group described in paragraph (3)(A), in each public school, including each charter school, in the State, including— 
‘‘(i) student academic achievement in ac-
cordance with the academic achievement standards described in subsection (b)(4); 
‘‘(ii) student growth in accordance with 
the student growth standards described in 
subsection (b)(4)(E); and 
‘‘(iii) graduation rates in diploma granting 
schools; 
‘‘(B) set clear performance and growth tar-
gets in accordance with paragraph (2) to im-prove the academic achievement of all stu-dents as measured under subparagraph (A) of this paragraph and to close achievement gaps so that all students graduate ready for postsecondary education and the workforce; 
‘‘(C) establish equity indicators to diag-
nose school challenges and measure school progress within the improvement system de-scribed in section 1116, including factors to measure, for all students and each subgroup described in paragraph (3)(A)— 
‘‘(i) academic learning, such as— ‘‘(I) percentage of students successfully 
completing rigorous coursework that aligns with college and career ready standards de-scribed under subsection (b)(2) such as dual enrollment, Advanced Placement (AP) or International Baccalaureate (IB) courses; 
‘‘(II) percentage of students enrolled in 
music and the arts courses; 
‘‘(III) student success on State or local 
educational agency end-of course examina-tions; and 
‘‘(IV) student success on performance- 
based assessments that are valid, reliable and comparable across a local educational agency and meet the requirements of para-graph (3)(B); 
‘‘(ii) student engagement, such as— ‘‘(I) student attendance rates; ‘‘(II) student discipline data, including sus-
pension and expulsion rates; 
‘‘(III) incidents of bullying and harass-
ment; and 
‘‘(IV) surveys of student engagement and 
satisfaction; 
‘‘(iii) student advancement, such as— ‘‘(I) student on-time promotion rates; ‘‘(II) on-time credit accumulation rates; ‘‘(III) course failure rates; and ‘‘(IV) post-secondary and workforce entry 
rates; 
‘‘(iv) student health and wellness; ‘‘(v) student access to instructional qual-
ity, such as— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:10 Feb 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27FE7.011 H27FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1398 February 27, 2015 
‘‘(I) number of qualified teachers and para-
professionals; 
‘‘(II) number of specialized instructional 
support personnel; 
‘‘(III) instructional personnel attendance, 
vacancies, and turnover; and 
‘‘(IV) rates of effective teachers and prin-
cipals, as determined by the State or local educational agency; 
‘‘(vi) school climate and conditions for stu-
dent success, such as— 
‘‘(I) the availability of up-to-date instruc-
tional materials, technology, and supplies; 
‘‘(II) measures of school safety; and ‘‘(III) the condition of school facilities; in-
cluding accounting for well-equipped in-structional spaces; and 
‘‘(vii) family and community engagement 
in education; 
‘‘(D) annually differentiate all public 
schools, including public charter schools, 
based on— 
‘‘(i) the achievement measured under sub-
paragraph (A); 
‘‘(ii) whether the school meets the per-
formance and growth targets set under para-graph (2); and 
‘‘(iii) to a lesser extent than each of the 
factors described in clauses (i) and (ii), data on the State-established equity indicators, as described in subparagraph (C); and 
‘‘(E) identify, after using the differentia-
tion described in subparagraph (D), for the purposes under section 1116— 
‘‘(i) high priority schools that— ‘‘(I) according to the State-established pa-
rameters described in 1116(a)(2), have the lowest performance in the local educational agency and the State using current and prior year academic achievement, growth, and graduation rate data as described in subpara-graph (A) and data on the state-established equity indicators described in subparagraph (C); or 
‘‘(II) as of the date of enactment of the 
Student Success Act, have been identified under 1003(g); and 
‘‘(ii) schools in need of support that— ‘‘(I) have not met one or more of the per-
formance targets set under paragraph (2) for any subgroup described in paragraph (3)(A) in the same grade level and subject, for two consecutive years; or 
‘‘(II) at the discretion of the State, are 
identified for support using data on equity indicators established under paragraph (1)(C); and 
‘‘(iii) distinguished schools that have— ‘‘(I) the highest performance in the State 
for all students and student subgroups de-scribed in paragraph (3)(A); or 
‘‘(II) made the most progress over at least 
the most recent 2-year period in the State in increasing student academic achievement and graduation rates for all students and student subgroups described in paragraph (3)(A); and 
‘‘(III) made significant progress in over-
coming school challenges identified using the State-established equity indicators, as described in subparagraph (C). 
‘‘(2) G
OALS AND TARGETS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Each State educational 
agency shall establish goals and targets for the State accountability and school im-provement system that comply with this paragraph. Such targets shall be established separately for all elementary school and sec-ondary school students, economically dis-advantaged students, students from major racial and ethnic groups, students with dis-abilities, and English learners and expect ac-celerated academic gains from subgroups who are the farthest away from college and career-readiness as determined by annual academic achievement measures described in paragraph (1)(A). ‘‘(B) A
CHIEVEMENT GOALS .—Each State edu-
cational agency shall set multi-year goals that are consistent with the academic and growth achievement standards under sub-section (b)(4) to ensure that all students graduate prepared to enter the workforce or postsecondary education without the need for remediation. 
‘‘(C) P
ERFORMANCE TARGETS .—Each State 
educational agency shall set ambitious, but achievable annual performance targets sepa-rately for each subgroup of students de-scribed in paragraph (3)(A), for local edu-cational agencies and schools, for each grade level and in English language arts and math that reflect the progress required for all stu-dents and each subgroup of students de-scribed in paragraph (3)(A) to meet the State-determined goals as required under subparagraph (B), as approved by the Sec-retary. 
‘‘(D) G
ROWTH TARGETS .—Each State edu-
cational agency shall set ambitious but achievable growth targets that— 
‘‘(i) assist the State in achieving the aca-
demic achievement goals described in sub-paragraph (B); and 
‘‘(ii) include targets that ensure all stu-
dents, including subgroups of students de-scribed in paragraph (3)(A), meet the growth standards described in subsection (b)(4)(E). 
‘‘(E) G
RADUATION RATE GOALS AND TAR -
GETS .— 
‘‘(i) G RADUATION RATE GOALS .—Each State 
educational agency shall set a graduation rate goal of not less than 90 percent. 
‘‘(ii) G
RADUATION RATE TARGETS .—Each 
State educational agency shall establish graduation rate targets which shall not be less rigorous than the targets approved under section 200.19 of title 34, Code of Fed-eral Regulations (or a successor regulation) and shall be designed to meet the goal de-scribed in clause (i). 
‘‘(iii) E
XTENDED -YEAR GRADUATION RATE  
TARGETS .—In the case of a State that choos-
es to use an extended year graduation rate in the accountability and school improvement system described under this subsection, the State shall set extended year graduation rate targets that are more rigorous than the targets set under clause (ii) and, if applica-ble, are not less rigorous than the targets ap-proved under section 200.19 of title 34, Code of Federal Regulations (or a successor regu-lation). 
‘‘(3) F
AIR ACCOUNTABILITY .—Each State 
educational agency shall establish fair and appropriate policies and practices, as a com-ponent of the accountability system estab-lished under this subsection, to measure 
school, local educational agency, and State performance under the accountability sys-tem that, at a minimum, comply with this paragraph as follows: 
‘‘(A) D
ISAGGREGATE .—Each State edu-
cational agency shall disaggregate student achievement data in a manner that complies with the State’s group size requirements under subparagraph (B) for the school’s, local educational agency’s, and the State’s performance on its goals and performance targets established under paragraph (2), by each content area and each grade level for which such goals and targets are established, and, if applicable, by improvement indica-tors described in paragraph (1)(D) for each of the following groups: 
‘‘(i) All public elementary and secondary 
school students. 
‘‘(ii) Economically disadvantaged students. ‘‘(iii) Students from major racial and eth-
nic groups. 
‘‘(iv) Students with disabilities. ‘‘(v) English learners. ‘‘(B) S
UBGROUP SIZE .—Each State edu-
cational agency shall establish group size re-quirements for performance measurement and reporting under the accountability sys-
tem that— 
‘‘(i) is the same for all subgroups described 
in subparagraph (A); 
‘‘(ii) does not exceed 15 students; ‘‘(iii) yields statistically reliable informa-
tion; and 
‘‘(iv) does not reveal personally identifi-
able information about an individual stu-dent. 
‘‘(C) P
ARTICIPATION .—Each State edu-
cational agency shall ensure that— 
‘‘(i) not less than 95 percent of the students 
in each subgroup described subparagraph (A) take the State’s assessments under sub-section (b)(2); and 
‘‘(ii) any school or local educational agen-
cy that does not comply with the require-ment described in clause (i) of this subpara-graph may not be considered to have met its goals or performance targets under para-graph (2). 
‘‘(D) A
VERAGING .—Each State educational 
agency may average achievement data with the year immediately preceding that school year for the purpose of determining whether schools, local educational agencies, and the State have met their performance targets under paragraph (2). 
‘‘(E) S
TUDENTS WITH THE MOST SIGNIFICANT  
COGNITIVE DISABILITIES .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—In calculating the per-
centage of students scoring at the on-target levels of achievement and the graduation rate for the purpose of determining whether schools, local educational agencies, and the State have met their performance targets under paragraph (2), a State shall include all students with disabilities, even those stu-dents with the most significant cognitive disabilities, and— 
‘‘(I) may include the on-target and ad-
vanced scores of students with the most sig-nificant cognitive disabilities taking alter-nate assessments under subsection (b)(3)(E) provided that the number and percentage of such students who score at the on-target or advanced level on such alternate assess-ments at the local educational agency and the State levels, respectively, does not ex-ceed the cap established by the Secretary under clause (iii) in the grades assessed and subjects used under the accountability sys-tem established under this subsection; and 
‘‘(II) solely for the purposes of calculating 
graduation rates, may include students with the most significant cognitive disabilities, who are assessed using alternate assessments described in subsection (b)(3)(E) and who re-ceive a State-defined standards-based alter-nate diploma aligned with the State require-
ments for regular secondary school diploma and who have completed a free and appro-priate public education under the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act, as grad-uating with a regular secondary school di-ploma, provided that the number and per-centage of those students who receive such a State-defined standards-based alternate di-ploma at the local educational agency and the State levels, respectively, does not ex-ceed the cap established by the Secretary under clause (iii). 
‘‘(ii) S
TATE REQUIREMENTS .—If the number 
and percentage of students taking alternate assessments or receiving a State-defined standards-based alternate diploma exceeds the cap under clause (iii) at the local edu-cational agency or State level, the State educational agency, in determining whether the local educational agency or State, re-spectively, has met its performance targets under paragraph (2), shall— 
‘‘(I) include all students with the most sig-
nificant cognitive disabilities; 
‘‘(II) count at the catch-up level of 
achievement or as not graduating such stu-dents who exceed the cap; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:10 Feb 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27FE7.011 H27FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1399 February 27, 2015 
‘‘(III) include such students at the catch-up 
level of achievement or as not graduating in each applicable subgroup at the school, local educational agency, and State level; and 
‘‘(IV) ensure that parents are informed of 
the actual academic achievement levels and graduation status of their children with the most significant cognitive disabilities. 
‘‘(iii) S
ECRETARIAL DUTIES .—The Secretary 
shall establish a cap for the purposes of this subparagraph which— 
‘‘(I) shall be based on the most recently 
available data on— 
‘‘(aa) the incidence of students with the 
most significant cognitive disabilities; 
‘‘(bb) the participation rates, including by 
disability category, on alternate assessments using alternate achievement standards pur-suant to subsection (b)(3)(E); 
‘‘(cc) the percentage of students, including 
by disability category, scoring at each achievement level on such alternate assess-ments; and 
‘‘(dd) other factors the Secretary deems 
necessary; and 
‘‘(II) may not exceed 1 percent of all stu-
dents in the combined grades assessed. 
‘‘(4) T
RANSITION PROVISIONS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall 
take such steps as necessary to provide for the orderly transition to the new account-ability and school improvement systems re-quired under this subsection from prior ac-countability and school improvement sys-tems in existence on the day before the date of enactment of the Student Success Act. 
‘‘(B) T
RANSITION .—To enable the successful 
transition described in this paragraph, each State educational agency receiving funds under this part shall— 
‘‘(i) administer assessments that were in 
existence on the day before the date of en-actment of the Student Success Act and be-ginning not later than the 2016–2017 school year, administer high-quality assessments described in subsection (b)(3); 
‘‘(ii) report student performance on the as-
sessments described in subparagraph (I), con-sistent with the requirements under this 
title; 
‘‘(iii) set a new baseline for performance 
targets, as described in paragraph (2)(C) and (2)(D), once new high-quality assessments de-scribed in subsection (b)(3) are implemented; 
‘‘(iv) implement the accountability and 
school improvement requirements of sec-tions 1111 and 1116, except— 
‘‘(I) the State shall not be required to iden-
tify new persistently low achieving schools or schools in need of improvement under sec-tion 1116 for 1 year after high-quality assess-ments described in subsection (b)(3) have been implemented; and 
‘‘(II) shall continue to implement school 
improvement requirements of section 1116 in persistently low achieving schools and schools in need of improvement that were identified as such in the year prior to imple-mentation of new high-quality assessments; and 
‘‘(v) assist local educational agencies in 
providing training and professional develop-ment on the implementation of new college and career ready standards and high-quality assessments. 
‘‘(C) E
ND OF TRANSITION .—The transition 
described in this paragraph shall be com-pleted by no later than 2 years from the date of enactment of the Student Success Act. 
‘‘(d) O
THER PROVISIONS TO SUPPORT TEACH -
ING AND LEARNING .—Each State plan shall 
contain the following: 
‘‘(1) D ESCRIPTIONS .—A description of— 
‘‘(A) how the State educational agency will 
carry out the responsibilities of the State under section 1116; 
‘‘(B) a plan to identify and reduce inequi-
ties in the allocation of State and local re-sources, including nonpersonnel and per-
sonnel resources consistent with the require-ments of section 1120A, between schools that are receiving funds under this title and schools that are not receiving such funds under this title, including— 
‘‘(i) a description of how the State will sup-
port local educational agencies in meeting the requirements of section 1120A; and 
‘‘(ii) a description of how the State will 
support local educational agencies to align plans under subparagraph (A), efforts to im-prove educator supports and working condi-tions described in section 2112(b)(3), and ef-forts to improve the equitable distribution of teachers and principals described in section 2112(b)(5), with efforts to improve the equi-table allocation of resources as described in this subsection; 
‘‘(C) how the State educational agency will 
ensure that the results of the State assess-ments described in subsection (b)(3) and the school identifications described in sub-section (c)(1), respectively, will be provided to local educational agencies, schools, teach-ers, and parents promptly, but not later than before the beginning of the school year fol-lowing the school year in which such assess-ments, other indicators, or evaluations are taken or completed, and in a manner that is clear and easy to understand; 
‘‘(D) how the State educational agency will 
meet the diverse learning needs of students by— 
‘‘(i) identifying and addressing State-level 
barriers to implementation of universal de-sign for learning, as described in section 5429(b)(21), and multi-tier system of supports; and 
‘‘(ii) developing and making available to 
local educational agencies technical assist-ance for implementing universal design for learning, as described in section 5429(b)(21), and multi-tier system of supports; 
‘‘(E) for a State educational agency that 
adopts alternate achievement standards for students with the most significant cognitive disabilities under subsection (b)(4)(D)— 
‘‘(i) the clear and appropriate guidelines 
for individualized education program teams to apply in determining when a student’s sig-nificant cognitive disability justifies alter-nate assessment based on alternate achieve-ment standards, which shall include guide-lines to ensure— 
‘‘(I) students with the most significant 
cognitive disabilities have access to the gen-eral education curriculum for the grade in which the student is enrolled; 
‘‘(II) participation in an alternate assess-
ment does not influence a student’s place-
ment in the least restrictive environment; 
‘‘(III) determinations are made separately 
for each subject and are re-determined each year during the annual individualized edu-cation program team meeting; 
‘‘(IV) the student’s mode of communica-
tion has been identified to the extent pos-sible and accommodated; and 
‘‘(V) parents of such students— ‘‘(aa) give informed consent that their 
child’s achievement be measured against al-ternate achievement standards; and 
‘‘(bb) are informed of any effects of State 
and local policies on the student’s education resulting from participating in this alternate assessment; and 
‘‘(VI) students with the most significant 
cognitive disabilities are not precluded from attempting to complete the requirements for a regular secondary school diploma; and 
‘‘(ii) the procedures the State educational 
agency will use to ensure and monitor that individualized education program teams im-plement the requirements of clause (i); and 
‘‘(iii) the plan to disseminate information 
on and promote use of appropriate accom-modations to increase the number of stu-dents with the most significant cognitive 
disabilities who are assessed using achieve-ment standards described in subparagraphs (B) and (C) of subsection (b)(4); 
‘‘(F) how the State educational agency will 
meet the needs of English learners, includ-ing— 
‘‘(i) the method for identifying an English 
learner that shall be used by all local edu-cational agencies in the State; 
‘‘(ii) the entrance and exit requirements 
for students enrolled in limited English pro-ficient classes, which shall— 
‘‘(I) be based on rigorous English language 
standards; and 
‘‘(II) prepare such students to successfully 
complete the State’s assessments; and 
‘‘(iii) timelines and targets for moving stu-
dents from the lowest levels of English lan-guage proficiency to the State-defined English proficient level, including an assur-ance that— 
‘‘(I) such targets will be based on student’s 
initial language proficiency level when first identified as limited English proficient and grade; and 
‘‘(II) such timelines will ensure students 
achieve English proficiency by 18 years of age, unless the State has obtained prior ap-proval by the Secretary; 
‘‘(G) how the State educational agency will 
assist local educational agencies in improv-ing instruction in all core academic subjects; 
‘‘(H) how the State educational agency will 
develop and improve the capacity of local educational agencies to use technology to improve instruction; and 
‘‘(I) how any State educational agency 
with a charter school law will support high- quality public charter schools that receive funds under this title by— 
‘‘(i) ensuring the quality of the authorized 
public chartering agencies in the State by establishing— 
‘‘(I) a system of periodic evaluation and 
certification of public chartering agencies using nationally-recognized professional standards; or 
‘‘(II) a statewide, independent chartering 
agency that meets nationally-recognized professional standards; 
‘‘(ii) including in the procedure established 
pursuant to clause (i) requirements for— 
‘‘(I) the annual filing and public reporting 
of independently audited financial state-ments including disclosure of amount and duration of any nonpublic financial and in- kind contributions of support, by each public chartering agency, for each school author-ized by such agency, and by each local edu-cational agency and the State; 
‘‘(II) the adoption and enforcement of 
school employee compensation and conflict of interest guidelines for all schools author-ized, which shall include disclosure of execu-tive pay and affiliated parties with financial interest in the management operations, or contractual obligations of the school; 
‘‘(III) a legally binding charter or perform-
ance contract between each charter school and the school’s authorized public chartering agency that— 
‘‘(aa) describes the rights, duties, and rem-
edies of the school and the public chartering agency; and 
‘‘(bb) bases charter renewal and revocation 
decisions on an agreed-to school account-ability plan which includes financial and or-ganizational indicators, with significant weight given to the student achievement on the achievement goals, performance targets, and growth targets established pursuant to subparagraphs (B), (C), and (D) of subsection (c)(2), respectively, for each student sub-group described in subsection (c)(3)(A), as well as 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:10 Feb 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27FE7.011 H27FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1400 February 27, 2015 
‘‘(iii) developing and implementing, in con-
sultation and coordination with local edu-cational agencies, a system of intervention, revocation, or closure for charter schools and public chartering agencies failing to meet the requirements and standards de-scribed in clauses (i) and (ii), which, at a minimum provides for— 
‘‘(I) initial and regular review, no less than 
once every 3 years, of each public chartering agency; and 
‘‘(II) intervention, revocation, or closure of 
any charter school identified for school im-provement under section 1116. 
‘‘(2) A
SSURANCES .—Assurances that— 
‘‘(A) the State educational agency will par-
ticipate in biennial State academic assess-ments of 4th, 8th, and 12th grade reading, mathematics, and science under the National Assessment of Educational Progress carried out under section 303(b)(2) of the National Assessment of Educational Progress Author-ization Act, if the Secretary pays the costs of administering such assessments; 
‘‘(B) the State educational agency will— ‘‘(i) notify local educational agencies and 
the public of the content and student aca-demic achievement standards and academic assessments developed under this section, and of the authority to operate schoolwide programs; and 
‘‘(ii) fulfill the State educational agency’s 
responsibilities regarding local educational agency and school improvement under sec-tion 1116; 
‘‘(C) the State educational agency will en-
courage local educational agencies to con-solidate funds from other Federal, State, and local sources for school improvement activi-ties under 1116 and for schoolwide programs under section 1114; 
‘‘(D) the State educational agency has 
modified or eliminated State fiscal and ac-counting barriers so that schools can easily consolidate funds from other Federal, State, and local sources for schoolwide programs under section 1114; 
‘‘(E) that State educational agency will co-
ordinate data collection efforts to fulfill the requirements of this Act and reduce the du-plication of data collection to the extent practicable; 
‘‘(F) the State educational agency will pro-
vide the least restrictive and burdensome regulations for local educational agencies and individual schools participating in a pro-gram assisted under this part; 
‘‘(G) the State educational agency will in-
form local educational agencies in the State of the local educational agency’s authority— 
‘‘(i) to transfer funds under title VI; 
‘‘(ii) to obtain waivers under part D of title 
IX; and 
‘‘(iii) if the State is an Ed-Flex Partnership 
State, to obtain waivers under the Education Flexibility Partnership Act of 1999; 
‘‘(H) the State educational agency will 
work with other agencies, including edu-cational service agencies or other local con-sortia and comprehensive centers established under the Educational Technical Assistance Act of 2002, and institutions to provide pro-fessional development and technical assist-ance to local educational agencies and schools; 
‘‘(I) the State educational agency will en-
sure that local educational agencies in the State comply with the requirements of sub-title B of title VII of the McKinney-Vento Homeless Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. lll17); and 
‘‘(J) the State educational agency has en-
gaged in timely and meaningful consultation with representatives of Indian tribes located in the State in the development of the State plan to serve local educational agencies under its jurisdiction in order to— 
‘‘(i) improve the coordination of activities 
under this Act; ‘‘(ii) meet the purpose of this title; and 
‘‘(iii) meet the unique cultural, language, 
and educational needs of Indian students. 
‘‘(e) F
AMILY ENGAGEMENT .—Each State 
plan shall include a plan for strengthening family engagement in education. Each such plan shall, at a minimum, include— 
‘‘(1) a description of the State’s criteria 
and schedule for review and approval of local educational agency engagement policies and practices pursuant to section 1112(e)(3); 
‘‘(2) a description of the State’s system and 
process for assessing local educational agen-cy implementation of section 1118 respon-sibilities; 
‘‘(3) a description of the State’s criteria for 
identifying local educational agencies that would benefit from training and support re-lated to family engagement in education; 
‘‘(4) a description of the State’s statewide 
system of capacity-building and technical assistance for local educational agencies and schools on effectively implementing family engagement in education practices and poli-cies to increase student achievement; 
‘‘(5) an assurance that the State will refer 
to Statewide Family Engagement Centers, as described in section 5702, those local edu-cational agencies that would benefit from training and support related to family en-gagement in education; and 
‘‘(6) a description of the relationship be-
tween the State educational agency and Statewide Family Engagement Centers, par-ent training and information centers, and community parent resource centers in the State established under sections 671 and 672 of the Individuals with Disabilities Edu-cation Act. 
‘‘(f) P
EER REVIEW AND SECRETARIAL AP-
PROVAL .— 
‘‘(1) S ECRETARIAL DUTIES .—The Secretary 
shall— 
‘‘(A) establish a peer-review process to as-
sist in the review of State plans; 
‘‘(B) appoint individuals to the peer-review 
process who are representative of parents, teachers, State educational agencies, local educational agencies, and experts and who are familiar with educational standards, as-sessments, accountability, the needs of low- performing schools, and other educational needs of students; 
‘‘(C) approve a State plan within 120 days 
of its submission unless the Secretary deter-mines that the plan does not meet the re-quirements of this section; 
‘‘(D) if the Secretary determines that the 
State plan does not meet the requirements of this section immediately notify the State of such determination and the reasons for such determination; 
‘‘(E) not decline to approve a State’s plan 
before— 
‘‘(i) offering the State an opportunity to 
revise its plan; 
‘‘(ii) providing technical assistance in 
order to assist the State to meet the require-ments of this section; and 
‘‘(iii) providing a hearing; and ‘‘(F) have the authority to disapprove a 
State plan for not meeting the requirements of this part, but shall not have the authority to require a State, as a condition of approval of the State plan, to include in, or delete from, such plan one or more specific ele-ments of the State’s academic content stand-ards or to use specific academic assessment instruments or items. 
‘‘(2) S
TATE REVISIONS .—A State plan shall 
be revised by the State educational agency if the revision is necessary to satisfy the re-quirements of this section. 
‘‘(3) P
UBLIC REVIEW .—Notifications under 
this subsection shall be made available to the public through the website of the Depart-ment, including— ‘‘(A) State plans submitted or resubmitted 
by a State; 
‘‘(B) peer review comments; ‘‘(C) State plan determinations by the Sec-
retary, including approvals or disapprovals; 
‘‘(D) amendments or changes to State 
plans; and 
‘‘(E) hearings. 
‘‘(g) D
URATION OF THE PLAN.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Each State plan shall— 
‘‘(A) remain in effect for the duration of 
the State’s participation under this part or 4 years, whichever is shorter; and 
‘‘(B) be periodically reviewed and revised 
as necessary by the State educational agen-cy to reflect changes in the State’s strate-gies and programs under this part, including information on the progress the State has made in fulfilling the requirements of this section. 
‘‘(2) R
ENEWAL .—A State educational agen-
cy that desires to continue participation under this part shall submit a renewed plan every 4 years, including information on progress the State has made in— 
‘‘(A) implementing college- and career- 
ready content and achievement standards and high-quality assessments described in 
paragraph (b); 
‘‘(B) meeting its goals and performance 
targets described in subsection (c)(2); and 
‘‘(C) improving the capacity and skills of 
teachers and school leaders as described in section 2112. 
‘‘(2) A
DDITIONAL INFORMATION .—If signifi-
cant changes are made to a State’s plan, such as the adoption of new State academic content standards and State student achievement standards, new academic as-sessments, or new performance goals or tar-get, growth goals or targets, or graduation rate goals or targets, such information shall be submitted to the Secretary for approval. 
‘‘(h) F
AILURE TO MEETREQUIREMENTS .—If a 
State fails to meet any of the requirements of this section, the Secretary may withhold funds for State administration under this part until the Secretary determines that the State has fulfilled those requirements. 
‘‘(i) R
EPORTS .— 
‘‘(1) A NNUAL STATE REPORT CARD .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—A State that receives 
assistance under this part shall prepare and disseminate an annual State report card. Such dissemination shall include, at a min-imum, publicly posting the report card on the home page of the State educational agen-cy’s website. 
‘‘(B) I
MPLEMENTATION .—The State report 
card shall be— 
‘‘(i) concise; and ‘‘(ii) presented in an understandable and 
uniform format and, to the extent prac-ticable, provided in a language that the par-ents can understand. 
‘‘(C) R
EQUIRED INFORMATION .—The State 
shall include in its annual State report card— 
‘‘(i) information, in the aggregate, and 
disaggregated and cross-tabulated by the same major groups as the decennial census of the population, ethnicity, gender, disability status, migrant status, English proficiency, and status as economically disadvantaged, except that such disaggregation and cross- tabulation shall not be required in a case in which the number of students in a category is insufficient to yield statistically reliable information or the results would reveal per-sonally identifiable information about an in-dividual student on— 
‘‘(I) student achievement at each achieve-
ment level on the State academic assess-ments described in subsection (b)(3), includ-ing the most recent 2-year trend; 
‘‘(II) student growth on the State academic 
assessments described in subsection (b)(3), including the most-recent 2-year trend; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:10 Feb 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27FE7.011 H27FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1401 February 27, 2015 
‘‘(III) the four-year adjusted cohort rate, 
the extended-year graduation rate (where ap-plicable), and the graduation rate by type of diploma, including the most recent 2-year trend; 
‘‘(IV) data on the State established equity 
indicators under subsection (c)(1)(C); 
‘‘(V) the percentage of students who did 
not take the State assessments; and 
‘‘(VI) the most recent 2-year trend in stu-
dent achievement and student growth in each subject area and for each grade level, for which assessments under this section are required; 
‘‘(ii) information that provides a compari-
son between the actual achievement levels and growth of each group of students de-scribed in subsection (c)(3)(A) and the per-formance targets and growth targets in sub-section (c)(2) for each such group of students on each of the academic assessments and for graduation rates required under this part; 
‘‘(iii) if a State adopts alternate achieve-
ment standards for students with the most significant cognitive disabilities, the number and percentage of students taking the alter-nate assessments and information on student achievement at each achievement level and student growth, by grade and subject; 
‘‘(iv) the number of students who are 
English learners, and the performance of such students, on the State’s English lan-guage proficiency assessments, including the students’ attainment of, and progress to-ward, higher levels of English language pro-ficiency; 
‘‘(v) information on the performance of 
local educational agencies in the State re-garding school improvement, including the number and names of each school identified for school improvement under section 1116 and information on the outcomes of the eq-uity indicators outlined in section 1111(c)(1)(C); 
‘‘(vi) the professional qualifications of 
teachers in the State, the percentage of such teachers teaching with emergency or provi-sional credentials, and the percentage of classes in the State not taught by qualified teachers, in the aggregate and disaggregated by high-poverty compared to low-poverty schools which, for the purpose of this clause, means schools in the top quartile of poverty and the bottom quartile of poverty in the State; 
‘‘(vii) information on teacher effectiveness, 
as determined by the State, in the aggregate and disaggregated by high-poverty compared to low-poverty schools which, for the pur-pose of this clause, means schools in the top quartile of poverty and the bottom quartile 
of poverty in the State; 
‘‘(viii) a clear and concise description of 
the State’s accountability system, including a description of the criteria by which the State educational agency evaluates school performance consistent with subsection (c), and the criteria that the State educational agency has established, consistent with sec-tion 1116(a), to determine the status of schools with respect to school improvement; and 
‘‘(ix) outcomes related to quality charter 
authorizing standards as described in sub-section (d)(1)(I), including, at a minimum, annual filing as described in subsection (d)(1)(I)(ii)(I). 
‘‘(2) A
NNUAL LOCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCY  
REPORT CARDS .— 
‘‘(A) R EPORT CARDS .—A local educational 
agency that receives assistance under this part shall prepare and disseminate an annual local educational agency report card. 
‘‘(B) M
INIMUM REQUIREMENTS .—The State 
educational agency shall ensure that each local educational agency collects appro-priate data and includes in the local edu-cational agency’s annual report the informa-tion described in paragraph (1)(C) as applied 
to the local educational agency and each school served by the local educational agen-cy, and— 
‘‘(i) in the case of a local educational agen-
cy— 
‘‘(I) the number and percentage of schools 
identified for school improvement under sec-tion 1116 and how long the schools have been so identified; and 
‘‘(II) information that shows how students 
served by the local educational agency achieved on the statewide academic assess-ment compared to students in the State as a whole; 
‘‘(III) per-pupil expenditures from Federal, 
State, and local sources, including personnel and nonpersonnel resources, for each school in the local educational agency, consistent with the requirements under section 1120A; 
‘‘(IV) the number and percentage of sec-
ondary school students who have been re-moved from the 4-year adjusted cohort by leaver code, and the number and percentage of students from each adjusted cohort that have been enrolled in high school for more than 4 years but have not graduated with a regular diploma; and 
‘‘(V) information on the number of mili-
tary-connected students (students who are a dependent of a member of the Armed Forces, including reserve components thereof) served by the local educational agency and how such military-dependent students achieved on the statewide academic assessment com-pared to all students served by the local edu-cational agency; and 
‘‘(ii) in the case of a school— ‘‘(I) whether the school has been identified 
for school improvement; and 
‘‘(II) information that shows how the 
school’s students achievement on the state-wide academic assessments and other im-provement indicators compared to students in the local educational agency and the State as a whole. 
‘‘(C) O
THER INFORMATION .—A local edu-
cational agency may include in its annual local educational agency report card any other appropriate information, whether or not such information is included in the an-nual State report card. 
‘‘(D) D
ATA.—A local educational agency or 
school shall only include in its annual local educational agency report card data that are sufficient to yield statistically reliable infor-mation, as determined by the State, and that do not reveal personally identifiable infor-mation about an individual student. 
‘‘(E) P
UBLIC DISSEMINATION .—The local edu-
cational agency shall publicly disseminate 
the report cards described in this paragraph to all schools in the school district served by the local educational agency and to all par-ents of students attending those schools in an accessible, understandable, and uniform format and, to the extent practicable, pro-vided in a language that the parents can un-derstand, and make the information widely available through public means, such as posting on the Internet, distribution to the media, and distribution through public agen-cies. 
‘‘(3) P
REEXISTING REPORT CARDS .—A State 
educational agency or local educational agency that was providing public report cards on the performance of students, schools, local educational agencies, or the State prior to the date of enactment of the Student Success Act may use those report cards for the purpose of this subsection, so long as any such report card is modified, as may be needed, to contain the information required by this subsection. 
‘‘(4) C
OST REDUCTION .—Each State edu-
cational agency and local educational agen-cy receiving assistance under this part shall, wherever possible, take steps to reduce data collection costs and duplication of effort by 
obtaining the information required under this subsection through existing data collec-tion efforts. 
‘‘(5) A
NNUAL STATE REPORT TO THE SEC -
RETARY .—Each State educational agency re-
ceiving assistance under this part shall re-port annually to the Secretary, and make widely available within the State— 
‘‘(A) information on the State’s progress in 
developing and implementing 
‘‘(i) the college and career ready standards 
described in subsection (b)(2); 
‘‘(ii) the academic assessments described in 
subsection (b)(3); and 
‘‘(iii) the accountability and school im-
provement system described in subsection (c); and 
‘‘(B) the annual State report card under 
paragraph (1). 
‘‘(6) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—The Secretary 
shall transmit annually to the Committee on Education and the Workforce of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate a report that provides national and State-level data on the information col-lected under paragraph (5). 
‘‘(7) P
ARENTS RIGHT -TO-KNOW .— 
‘‘(A) A CHIEVEMENT INFORMATION .—At the 
beginning of each school year, a school that receives funds under this subpart shall pro-vide to each individual parent— 
‘‘(i) information on the level of achieve-
ment and growth of the parent’s child on each of the State academic assessments and, as appropriate, other improvement indica-tors adopted in accordance with this subpart; and 
‘‘(ii) timely notice that the parent’s child 
has been assigned, or has been taught for four or more consecutive weeks by, a teacher who is not qualified or has been found to be ineffective, as determined by the State or local educational agency. 
‘‘(B) Q
UALIFICATIONS .—At the beginning of 
each school year, a local educational agency that receives funds under this part shall no-tify the parents of each student attending any school receiving funds under this part, information regarding the professional quali-fications of the student’s classroom teachers, including, at a minimum, the following: 
‘‘(i) Whether the teacher has met State 
qualification and licensing criteria for the grade levels and subject areas in which the teacher provides instruction. 
‘‘(ii) Whether the teacher is teaching under 
emergency or other provisional status through which State qualification or licens-ing criteria have been waived. 
‘‘(iii) Whether the teacher is currently en-
rolled in an alternative certification pro-gram. 
‘‘(iv) Whether the child is provided services 
by paraprofessionals or specialized instruc-tional support personnel and, if so, their qualifications. 
‘‘(C) A
CCESS TO EDUCATIONAL RESOURCES .— 
At the beginning of each school year, a local educational agency that receives funds under this part shall notify the parents of each stu-dent attending any school receiving funds under this part, of information regarding whether and to what extent schools are meeting the equity indicators described in subsection (c)(1)(C), including whether such schools are meeting the needs of subgroups of students. 
‘‘(D) F
ORMAT .—The notice and information 
provided to parents under this paragraph shall be in an understandable and uniform format and, to the extent practicable, pro-vided in a language that the parents can un-derstand. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:10 Feb 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27FE7.011 H27FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1402 February 27, 2015 
‘‘(j) P RIVACY .—Information collected under 
this section shall be collected and dissemi-nated in a manner that protects the privacy of individuals. 
‘‘(k) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE .—The Sec-
retary shall provide a State educational agency, at the State educational agency’s re-quest, technical assistance in meeting the requirements of this section, including the provision of advice by experts in the develop-ment of college and career ready standards, high-quality academic assessments, and goals and targets that are valid and reliable, and other relevant areas. 
‘‘(l) V
OLUNTARY PARTNERSHIPS .—A State 
may enter into a voluntary partnership with another State to develop and implement the academic assessments and standards re-quired under this section. 
‘‘(m) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
‘‘(1) A DJUSTED COHORT ; EXTENDED -YEAR ; EN-
TERING COHORT ; TRANSFERRED INTO ; TRANS -
FERRED OUT .— 
‘‘(A) A DJUSTED COHORT .—Subject to sub-
paragraph (D)(ii) through (G), the term ‘ad-justed cohort’ means the difference of— 
‘‘(i) the sum of— ‘‘(I) the entering cohort; plus ‘‘(II) any students that transferred into the 
cohort in any of grades 9 through 12; minus 
‘‘(ii) any students that are removed from 
the cohort as described in subparagraph (E). 
‘‘(B) E
XTENDED YEAR .—The term ‘extended 
year’ when used with respect to a graduation rate, means the fifth or sixth year after the school year in which the entering cohort, as described in subparagraph (C), is established for the purpose of calculating the adjusted cohort. 
‘‘(C) E
NTERING COHORT .—The term ‘enter-
ing cohort’ means the number of first-time 9th graders enrolled in a secondary school 1 month after the start of the secondary school’s academic year. 
‘‘(D) T
RANSFERRED INTO .—The term ‘trans-
ferred into’ when used with respect to a sec-ondary school student, means a student who— 
‘‘(i) was a first-time 9th grader during the 
same school year as the entering cohort; and 
‘‘(ii) enrolls after the entering cohort is 
calculated as described in subparagraph (B). 
‘‘(E) T
RANSFERRED OUT .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—The term ‘transferred 
out’ when used with respect to a secondary school student, means a student who the sec-ondary school or local educational agency has confirmed has transferred to another— 
‘‘(I) school from which the student is ex-
pected to receive a regular secondary school diploma; or 
‘‘(II) educational program from which the 
student is expected to receive a regular sec-ondary school diploma. 
‘‘(ii) C
ONFIRMATION REQUIREMENTS .— 
‘‘(I) D OCUMENTATION REQUIRED .—The con-
firmation of a student’s transfer to another school or educational program described in clause (i) requires documentation from the receiving school or program that the student enrolled in the receiving school or program. 
‘‘(II) L
ACK OF CONFIRMATION .—A student 
who was enrolled, but for whom there is no confirmation of the student having trans-ferred out, shall remain in the cohort as a non-graduate for reporting and account-ability purposes under this section. 
‘‘(iii) P
ROGRAMS NOT PROVIDING CREDIT .—A 
student enrolled in a GED or other alter-native educational program that does not issue or provide credit toward the issuance of a regular secondary school diploma shall not be considered transferred out. 
‘‘(F) C
OHORT REMOVAL .—To remove a stu-
dent from a cohort, a school or local edu-cational agency shall require documentation to confirm that the student has transferred out, emigrated to another country, or is de-
ceased. 
‘‘(G) T
REATMENT OF OTHER LEAVERS AND  
WITHDRAWALS .—A student who was retained 
in a grade, enrolled in a GED program, aged- out of a secondary school or secondary school program, or left secondary school for any other reason, including expulsion, shall not be considered transferred out, and shall remain in the adjusted cohort. 
‘‘(H) S
PECIAL RULE .—For those secondary 
schools that start after grade 9, the entering cohort shall be calculated 1 month after the start of the secondary school’s academic year in the earliest secondary school grade at the secondary school. 
‘‘(2) 4-
YEAR ADJUSTED COHORT GRADUATION  
RATE .—The term ‘4-year adjusted cohort 
graduation rate’ means the percent obtained by calculating the product of— 
‘‘(A) the result of— 
‘‘(i) the number of students who— ‘‘(I) formed the adjusted cohort 4 years ear-
lier; and 
‘‘(II) graduate in 4 years or less with a reg-
ular secondary school diploma; divided by 
‘‘(ii) the number of students who formed 
the adjusted cohort for that year’s grad-uating class 4 years earlier; multiplied by 
‘‘(B) 100. ‘‘(3) E
XTENDED -YEAR GRADUATION RATE .— 
The term ‘extended-year graduation rate’ for a school year is defined as the percent ob-tained by calculating the product of the re-sult of— 
‘‘(A) the sum of— ‘‘(i) the number of students who— ‘‘(I) form the adjusted cohort for that 
year’s graduating class; and 
‘‘(II) graduate in an extended year with a 
regular secondary school diploma; or 
‘‘(III) graduate before exceeding the age for 
eligibility for a free appropriate public edu-cation (as defined in section 602 of the Indi-viduals with Disabilities Education Act) under State law; divided by 
‘‘(ii) the result of— ‘‘(I) the number of students who form the 
adjusted cohort for that year’s graduating class; plus 
‘‘(II) the number of students who trans-
ferred in during the extended year defined in paragraph (1)(B), minus 
‘‘(III) students who transferred out, emi-
grated, or died during the extended year de-fined in paragraph (1)(B); multiplied by 
‘‘(B) 100. ‘‘(4) L
EAVER CODE .—The term ‘leaver code’ 
means a number or series of numbers and letters assigned to a categorical reason for why a student left the high school from which she or he is enrolled without having earned a regular high school diploma, except that— 
‘‘(A) an individual student with either a 
duplicative code or whom has not been as-signed a leaver code shall not be removed from the cohort assigned for the purpose of calculating the adjusted cohort graduation rate; and 
‘‘(B) the number of students with either a 
duplicative leaver code or who have not been assigned a leaver code shall be included in reporting requirements for the leaver code. 
‘‘(5) M
ULTI-TIER SYSTEM OF SUPPORTS .—The 
term ‘multi-tier system of supports’ means a comprehensive system of differentiated sup-ports that includes evidence-based instruc-tion, universal screening, progress moni-toring, formative assessment, and research- based interventions matched to student needs, and educational decision-making using student outcome data. 
‘‘(6) G
RADUATION RATE .—The term ‘gradua-
tion rate’ means a 4-year adjusted cohort graduation rate and the extended-year grad-uation rate. ‘‘(7) R
EGULAR SECONDARY SCHOOL DI -
PLOMA .— 
‘‘(A) The term ‘regular secondary school 
diploma’ means standard secondary school diploma awarded to the preponderance of students in the State that is fully aligned with the State’s college and career ready achievement standards as described under subsection (b)(4), or a higher diploma. Such term shall not include GED’s, certificates of attendance, or any lesser diploma awards. 
‘‘(B) If a State adopts different paths to 
the regular secondary school diploma, such different paths shall— 
‘‘(i) be available to all students in the 
State; 
‘‘(ii) be equally rigorous in their require-
ments; and 
‘‘(iii) signify that a student is prepared for 
college or a career without the need for re-mediation.’’. 
SEC. 104. ELIGIBLE SCHOOL ATTENDANCE 
AREAS. 
Section 1113(c)(3) (20 U.S.C. 6313(c)(3)) is 
amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(3) R ESERVATION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—A local educational 
agency shall reserve such funds as are nec-essary under this part to provide services comparable to those provided to children in schools funded under this part to serve— 
‘‘(i) homeless children who are attending 
any public school served by the local edu-cational agency, including providing educa-tionally related support services to children in shelters and other locations where chil-dren may live; 
‘‘(ii) children in local institutions for ne-
glected children; 
‘‘(iii) if appropriate, children in local insti-
tutions for delinquent children, and ne-glected or delinquent children in community day school programs; and 
‘‘(iv) children in foster care (as defined by 
section 1442(1)), including providing points of contact (as described in section 1441(d)) in local educational aencies for child welfare agencies and children in foster care. 
‘‘(B) R
ESERVATION OF FUNDS .—Notwith-
standing the requirements of subsections (b) and (c) of section 1120A, funds reserved under subparagraph (A) may be used to provide homeless children and youths with services not ordinarily provided to other students under this part, including providing trans-portation pursuant to section 722(g)(1)(J)(iii) of such Act. 
‘‘(C) A
MOUNT RESERVED .—The amount of 
funds reserved under subparagraph (A)(i) shall be determined by an assessment of the numbers and the needs of homeless children and youths in the local educational agen-cy.’’. 
SEC. 105. ACADEMIC ASSESSMENT AND LOCAL 
EDUCATIONAL AGENCY AND SCHOOL IMPROVEMENT; SCHOOL SUPPORT AND RECOGNITION. 
Section 1116 (20 U.S.C. 6316) is amended to 
read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 1116. SCHOOL IMPROVEMENT. 
‘‘(a) L OCAL REVIEW .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Each local educational 
agency receiving funds under this part shall— 
‘‘(A) use the State academic assessments, 
including measures of student growth and graduation rates, and data on the state-es-tablished equity indicators described in sec-tion 1111(c)(1)(C) and the differentiation de-scribed in section 1111(c)(1)(D) to review, an-nually, the progress of each school served under this part, and consistent with the pa-rameters described in paragraph (2), to assist the State in determining whether the school is— 
‘‘(i) meeting performance targets, growth 
targets, and graduation rate targets estab-lished under section 1111(c)(2); and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:10 Feb 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27FE7.011 H27FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1403 February 27, 2015 
‘‘(ii) making progress to address school 
challenges identified using the state- estab-lished equity indicators described in section 1111(c)(1)(C); 
‘‘(B) based on the review conducted under 
subparagraph (A), assist the State in deter-mining whether a school served under this part is— 
‘‘(i) in need of support as described under 
section 1111(c)(1)(E)(ii); or 
‘‘(ii) a high priority school that meets the 
State-established parameters under para-graph (2); 
‘‘(C) publicize and disseminate the results 
of the local annual review described in sub-paragraph (A) to parents, teachers, prin-cipals, schools, and the community so that the teachers, principals, other staff, and schools can improve instruction to help all children served under this part meet the col-lege and career ready achievement standards established under section 1111(b); and 
‘‘(D) use the equity indicators established 
under section 1111(c)(1)(C) to diagnose school challenges and measure school progress in carrying out the school improvement activi-ties under this section. 
‘‘(2) H
IGH PRIORITY SCHOOLS .—The State 
educational agency shall establish param-eters to identify high priority schools within the local educational agency that— 
‘‘(A) for elementary schools— ‘‘(i) shall use student achievement on the 
assessments required under section 1111(b)(3), including prior year data; 
‘‘(ii) shall use student growth data on the 
assessments under section 1111(b)(3), includ-ing prior year data; and 
‘‘(iii) shall use, to a lesser extent than each 
of the parameters established in clauses (i) and (ii), data on the equity indicators estab-lished under section 1111(c)(1)(C); and 
‘‘(B) for secondary schools— ‘‘(i) shall use student achievement on the 
assessments required under section 1111(b)(3), including prior year data; 
‘‘(ii) shall use student growth data on the 
assessments under section 1111(b)(3), includ-ing prior year data; 
‘‘(iii) shall use graduation rate data, in-
cluding prior year data; and 
‘‘(iv) shall use, to a lesser extent than each 
of the parameters established in clauses (i) 
through clause (iii), data on the equity indi-cators established under section 1111(c)(1)(C); or 
‘‘(v) shall include schools with 4-year ad-
justed cohort graduation rates below 67 per-cent as high priority schools. 
‘‘(b) S
CHOOL IMPROVEMENT .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Each school served under 
this part determined to be a school in need of support pursuant to section 1111(c)(1)(C)(ii) or a high-priority school pursuant to 1111(c)(1)(C)(i), shall form a school improve-ment team described in paragraph (2) to de-velop and implement a school improvement plan described in paragraph (3) to improve educational outcomes for all students and address existing resource inequities. 
‘‘(2) S
CHOOL IMPROVEMENT TEAM .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Each school described in 
paragraph (1) shall form a school improve-ment team, which shall include school lead-ers, teachers, parents, community members, and specialized instructional support per-sonnel. 
‘‘(B) S
CHOOLS IN NEED OF SUPPORT .—Each 
school improvement team for a school in need of support may include an external partner and representatives of the local edu-cational agency and the State educational agency. 
‘‘(C) H
IGH-PRIORITY SCHOOLS .—Each school 
improvement team for a high-priority school shall include an external partner and rep-resentatives of the local educational agency and the State educational agency. ‘‘(3) S
CHOOL IMPROVEMENT PLAN .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—A school improvement 
team shall develop, implement, and make publicly available a school improvement plan that uses information available under the accountability and school improvement system established under section 1111(c), data available under the early warning indi-cator system established under subsection (c)(5), data on the improvement indicators established under section 1111(c)(1)(D), and other relevant data to identify— 
‘‘(i) each area in which the school needs 
support for improvement; 
‘‘(ii) the type of support required; ‘‘(iii) how the school plans to use com-
prehensive, evidence-based strategies to ad-dress such needs; 
‘‘(iv) how the school will measure progress 
in addressing such needs using the goals and targets and improvement indicators estab-lished under paragraphs (2) and (1)(D) of sec-tion 1111(c), respectively, and identify which of the goals and targets are not currently being met by the school; and 
‘‘(v) how the school will review its progress 
and make adjustments and corrections to en-sure continuous improvement. 
‘‘(B) P
LANNING PERIOD .—The school im-
provement team may use a planning period, which shall not be longer than one school year to develop and prepare to implement the school improvement plan. 
‘‘(C) P
LAN REQUIREMENTS .—Each school im-
provement plan shall describe the following: 
‘‘(i) P LANNING AND PREPARATION .—The ac-
tivities during the planning period, includ-ing— 
‘‘(I) the preparation activities conducted to 
effectively implement the budgeting, staff-ing, curriculum, and instruction changes de-scribed in the plan; and 
‘‘(II) how the school improvement team en-
gaged parents and community organizations. 
‘‘(ii) T
ARGETS .—The performance, growth, 
and graduation rate targets that contributed to the school’s status as a school in need of support or high-priority school, and the school challenges identified by the school improvement indicators under section 1111(c)(1)(D). 
‘‘(iii) E
VIDENCE -BASED , SCHOOL IMPROVE -
MENT STRATEGIES .—Evidence-based, school 
improvement strategies to address the fac-tors and challenges described in clause (ii), to improve instruction, including in all core academic subjects, to improve the achieve-ment of all students and address the needs of students identified at the catch-up level of achievement. 
‘‘(iv) N
EEDS AND CAPACITY ANALYSIS .—A de-
scription and analysis of the school’s ability and the resources necessary to implement the evidence-based, school improvement strategies identified under clause (iii), in-cluding an analysis of— 
‘‘(I) staffing resources, such as the number, 
experience, training level, effectiveness as determined by the State or local educational agency, responsibilities, and stability of ex-isting administrative, instructional, and non-instructional staff; 
‘‘(II) budget resources, including how Fed-
eral, State, and local funds are being spent for instruction and operations to determine how existing resources can be aligned and used to support improvement; 
‘‘(III) the school curriculum; ‘‘(IV) the use of time, such as the school’s 
schedule and use of additional learning time; and 
‘‘(V) any additional resources and staff 
necessary to effectively implement the school improvement activities identified in the school improvement plan. 
‘‘(v) I
DENTIFYING ROLES .—The roles and re-
sponsibilities of the State educational agen-cy, the local educational agency, the school and, if applicable, the external partner in the 
school improvement activities, including providing interventions, support, and re-sources necessary to implement improve-ments. 
‘‘(vi) P
LAN FOR EVALUATION .—The plan for 
continuous evaluation of the evidence-based, school improvement strategies, including implementation of and fidelity to the school improvement plan, that includes at least quarterly reviews of the effectiveness of such activities. 
‘‘(D) A
DDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS FOR HIGH - 
PRIORITY SCHOOLS .—For a persistently-low 
achieving school, the school improvement plan shall, in addition to the requirements described in subparagraph (B), describe how the school will— 
‘‘(i) address school-wide factors to improve 
student achievement, including— 
‘‘(I) establishing high expectations for all 
students, which at a minimum, align with the achievement standards and growth standards under section 1111(b)(4); 
‘‘(II) improving school climate, including 
student attendance and school discipline, through the use of school-wide positive be-havioral supports and interventions and other evidence based approaches to improv-ing school climate; 
‘‘(III) ensuring that the staff charged with 
implementing the school improvement plan are engaged in the plan and the school turn-around effort; 
‘‘(IV) establishing clear— ‘‘(aa) benchmarks for implementation of 
the plan; and 
‘‘(bb) targets for improvement on the eq-
uity indicators under section 1111(c)(1)(C); 
‘‘(ii) organize the school to improve teach-
ing and learning, including through— 
‘‘(I) strategic use of time, such as— ‘‘(aa) establishing common planning time 
for teachers and interdisciplinary teams who share common groups of students; 
‘‘(bb) redesigning the school calendar year 
or day, such as through block scheduling, summer learning programs, or increasing the number of hours or days, in order to create additional learning time; or 
‘‘(cc) creating a flexible school period to 
address specific student academic needs and interests such as credit recovery, electives, enrichment activities, or service learning; and 
‘‘(II) alignment of resources to improve-
ment goals, such as through ensuring that students in transition grades are taught by teachers prepared to meet their specific learning needs; 
‘‘(iii) increase teacher and school leader ef-
fectiveness, as determined by the State or local educational agency, including through— 
‘‘(I) demonstrating the principal has the 
skills, capacity, and record of success to sig-nificantly improve student achievement and lead a school turnaround, which may include replacing the principal; 
‘‘(II) improving the recruitment and reten-
tion of qualified and effective teachers and school leaders, as determined by the State or local educational agency, to work in the school; 
‘‘(III) professional development activities 
that respond to student and school-wide needs aligned with the school improvement plan, such as— 
‘‘(aa) training teachers, school leaders, and 
other administrators together with staff from schools making achievement goals and performance targets under the account-ability system under section 1111(c) that serve similar populations and in such schools; 
‘‘(bb) establishing peer learning and coach-
ing among teachers; or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:10 Feb 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27FE7.011 H27FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1404 February 27, 2015 
‘‘(cc) facilitating collaboration, including 
through professional communities across subject area and interdisciplinary groups and similar schools; 
‘‘(IV) appropriately identifying teachers 
for each grade and course; and 
‘‘(V) the development of effective leader-
ship structures, supports, and clear decision making processes, such as through devel-oping distributive leadership and leadership teams; 
‘‘(iv) improve curriculum and instruction, 
including through— 
‘‘(I) demonstrating the relevance of the 
curriculum and learning for all students, in-cluding instruction in all core academic sub-jects, and may include the use of online course-work as long as such course-work meets standards of quality and best practices for online education; 
‘‘(II) increasing access to rigorous and ad-
vanced course-work, including adoption and implementation of a college- and career- ready curriculum, and evidence-based, en-gaging instructional materials aligned with such a curriculum, for all students; 
‘‘(III) increasing access to contextualized 
learning opportunities aligned with readi-ness for postsecondary education and the workforce, such as providing— 
‘‘(aa) work-based, project-based, and serv-
ice-learning opportunities; or 
‘‘(bb) a high-quality, college preparatory 
curriculum in the context of a rigorous ca-reer and technical education core; 
‘‘(IV) regularly collecting and using data 
to inform instruction, such as— 
‘‘(aa) through use of formative assess-
ments; 
‘‘(bb) creating and using common grading 
rubrics; or 
‘‘(cc) identifying effective instructional ap-
proaches to meet student needs; and 
‘‘(V) emphasizing core skills instruction, 
such as literacy, across content areas; 
‘‘(v) provide students with academic and 
social support to address individual student learning needs, including through— 
‘‘(I) ensuring access to services and exper-
tise of specialized instructional support per-sonnel; 
‘‘(II) supporting students at the catch-up 
level of achievement who need intensive intervention; 
‘‘(III) increasing personalization of the 
school experience through learning struc-tures that facilitate the development of stu-dent and staff relationships; 
‘‘(IV) offering extended-learning, credit re-
covery, mentoring, or tutoring options of sufficient scale to meet student needs; 
‘‘(V) providing evidence-based, accelerated 
learning for students with academic skill levels below grade level; 
‘‘(VI) coordinating and increasing access to 
integrated services, such as providing spe-cialized instructional support personnel; 
‘‘(VII) providing transitional support be-
tween grade-spans, including postsecondary planning. 
‘‘(VIII) meeting the diverse learning needs 
of all students through strategies such as a multi-tier system of supports and universal design for learning, as described in section 5429(b)(21); and 
‘‘(IX) engaging families and community 
partners, including community-based organi-zations, organizations representing under-served populations, Indian tribes (as appro-priate), organizations assisting parent in-volvement, institutions of higher education, and businesses, in school improvement ac-tivities through evidence-based strategies. 
‘‘(E) S
UBMISSION AND APPROVAL .—The 
school improvement team shall submit the school improvement plan to the local edu-cational agency or the State educational agency, as determined by the State edu-cational agency based on the local edu-
cational agency’s ability to effectively mon-itor and support the school improvement ac-tivities. Upon receiving the plan, the local educational agency or the State educational agency, as appropriate, shall— 
‘‘(i) establish a peer review process to as-
sist with review of the school improvement plan; and 
‘‘(ii) promptly review the plan, work with 
the school improvement team as necessary, and approve the plan if the plan meets the requirements of this paragraph. 
‘‘(F) R
EVISION OF PLAN .—A school improve-
ment team may revise the school improve-ment plan as additional information and data is available. 
‘‘(G) I
MPLEMENTATION .—A school with the 
support and assistance of the local edu-cational agency shall implement the school improvement plan expeditiously, but not 
later than the beginning of the next full school year after identification for improve-ment. 
‘‘(4) E
VALUATION OF SCHOOL IMPROVEMENT .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .— 
‘‘(i) R EVIEW .—The State educational agen-
cy or local educational agency, as deter-mined by the State in accordance with para-graph (3)(D) shall, annually, review data with respect to each school in need of sup-port and each high-priority school to set clear benchmarks for progress, to guide ad-justments and corrections, to evaluate whether the supports and interventions iden-tified within the school improvement plan are effective and the school is meeting the targets for improvement established under its such plan, and to specify what actions ensue for schools not making progress. 
‘‘(ii) D
ATA.—In carrying out the annual re-
view under clause (i), the school, the local educational agency, or State educational agency shall measure progress on— 
‘‘(I) student achievement, student growth, 
and graduation rates against the goals and targets established under section 1111(c)(2); and 
‘‘(II) equity indicators as established under 
section 1111(c)(1)(C). 
‘‘(B) S
CHOOLS IN NEED OF SUPPORT .—If, after 
3 years of implementing its school improve-ment plan, a school in need of support does not meet the goals and targets under section 1111(c)(2) that were identified under the school improvement plan as not being met by the school and the equity indicators es-tablished under section 1111(c)(1)(C), then— 
‘‘(i) the local educational agency shall 
evaluate school performance and other data, and provide intensive assistance to that school in order to improve the effectiveness of the interventions; and 
‘‘(ii) the State educational agency or the 
local educational agency, as determined by the State, shall determine whether the school shall partner with an external part-ner— 
‘‘(I) to revise the school improvement plan; 
and 
‘‘(II) to improve, and as appropriate, re-
vise, school improvement strategies that meet the requirements of paragraph (3)(B)(iii). 
‘‘(C) H
IGH PRIORITY SCHOOLS .—If, after 3 
years of implementing its school improve-ment plan, a high priority school does not demonstrate progress on the goals and tar-gets under section 1111(c)(2) that were identi-fied under the school improvement plan as not being met by the school or the equity in-dicators established under section 1111(c)(1)(C), then the local educational agen-cy, in collaboration with the State edu-cational agency, will take steps to ensure more rigorous evidence-based interventions are implemented, which may include partnering with an external partner with 
demonstrated results improving schools. 
‘‘(D) H
IGH PRIORITY SCHOOL .—If, after 5 
years of implementing its school improve-ment plan, a high priority school does not demonstrate progress on the goals and tar-gets under section 1111(c)(2) that were identi-fied under the school improvement plan as not being met by the school and the equity indicators established under section 1111(c)(1)(C), then— 
‘‘(i) the local educational agency, in col-
laboration with the State educational agen-cy, shall determine actionable next steps which may include school closure, replace-ment, or State take-over of such school, shall provide all students enrolled with new high-quality educational options; 
‘‘(ii) the local educational agency, and as 
appropriate the State educational agency, shall develop and implement a plan to assist with any resulting transition of the school under clause (i) that— 
‘‘(I) is developed in consultation with par-
ents and the community; 
‘‘(II) addresses the needs of the students at 
the school by considering strategies such as— 
‘‘(aa) opening a new school; ‘‘(bb) graduating out current students and 
closing the school in stages; and 
‘‘(cc) enrolling the students who attended 
the school in other schools in the local edu-cational agency that are higher achieving, provided the other schools are within reason-able proximity to the closed school and en-sures receiving schools have the capacity to enroll incoming students; and 
‘‘(III) provides information about high- 
quality educational options and transition and support services to students who at-tended that school and their parents. 
‘‘(c) L
OCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCY RESPON -
SIBILITIES .—A local educational agency 
served by this part, in supporting the schools identified as a school in need of support or a high-priority school served by the agency, shall— 
‘‘(1) address resource inequities to improve 
student achievement by— 
‘‘(A) targeting resources and support to 
those schools identified as high priority or as in need of support, including additional re-sources and staff necessary to implement the school improvement plan, as described in subsection (b)(3)(C)(iv)(V), and 
‘‘(B) ensuring the local educational agency 
budget calendar is aligned with school staff and budgeting needs; 
‘‘(2) address local educational agency-wide 
factors to improve student achievement by— 
‘‘(A) supporting the use of data to improve 
teaching and learning through— 
‘‘(i) improving longitudinal data systems; ‘‘(ii) regularly analyzing and disseminating 
usable data to educators, parents, and stu-dents; 
‘‘(iii) building the data and assessment lit-
eracy of teachers and principals; and 
‘‘(iv) evaluating at kindergarten entry the 
kindergarten readiness of children and ad-dressing the educational and development needs determined by such evaluation; 
‘‘(B) addressing school transition needs of 
the local educational agency by— 
‘‘(i) using kindergarten readiness data to 
consider improving access to high-quality early education opportunities; and 
‘‘(ii) providing targeted research-based 
interventions to middle schools that feed into high schools identified for school im-provement under this section; 
‘‘(C) supporting human capital systems 
that ensure there is a sufficient pool of qualified and effective teachers and school leaders, as determined by the State or local educational agency, to work in schools served by the local educational agency; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:10 Feb 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27FE7.011 H27FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1405 February 27, 2015 
‘‘(D) developing support for school im-
provement plans among key stakeholders such as parents and families, community groups representing underserved popu-lations, Indian tribes (as appropriate), edu-cators, and teachers; 
‘‘(E) carrying out administrative duties 
under this section, including evaluation for school improvement and technical assistance for schools; and 
‘‘(F) coordinating activities under this sec-
tion with other relevant State and local agencies, as appropriate; 
‘‘(3) supporting professional development 
activities for teachers, school leaders, and specialized instructional support personnel aligned to school improvement activities; 
‘‘(4) address curriculum and instruction 
factors to improve student achievement by— 
‘‘(A) ensuring curriculum alignment with 
the State’s early learning standards and postsecondary education programs; 
‘‘(B) providing academically rigorous edu-
cation options such as— 
‘‘(i) effective dropout prevention, credit 
and dropout recovery and recuperative edu-cation programs for disconnected youth and students who are not making sufficient progress to graduate high school in the standard number of years or who have dropped out of high school; 
‘‘(ii) providing students with postsec-
ondary learning opportunities, such as through access to a relevant curriculum or course of study that enables a student to earn a secondary school diploma and— 
‘‘(I) an associate’s degree; or ‘‘(II) not more than 2 years of transferable 
credit toward a postsecondary degree or cre-dential; 
‘‘(iii) integrating rigorous academic edu-
cation with career training, including train-ing that leads to postsecondary credentials for students; 
‘‘(iv) increasing access to Advanced Place-
ment or International Baccalaureate courses and examinations; or 
‘‘(v) developing and utilizing innovative, 
high quality distance learning strategies to improve student academic achievement; and 
‘‘(C) considering how technology can be 
used to support school improvement activi-ties; 
‘‘(5) address student support factors to im-
prove student achievement by— 
‘‘(A) establishing an early warning indi-
cator system to identify students who are at risk of dropping out of high school and to guide preventive and recuperative school im-provement strategies, including— 
‘‘(i) identifying and analyzing the aca-
demic risk factors that most reliably predict dropouts by using longitudinal data of past cohorts of students; 
‘‘(ii) identifying specific indicators of stu-
dent progress and performance, such as at-tendance, academic performance in core courses, and credit accumulation, to guide decision making; 
‘‘(iii) identifying or developing a mecha-
nism for regularly collecting and analyzing data about the impact of interventions on the indicators of student progress and per-formance; and 
‘‘(iv) analyzing academic indicators to de-
termine whether students are on track to graduate secondary school in the standard numbers of years; and 
‘‘(B) identifying and implementing strate-
gies for pairing academic support with inte-grated student services and case-managed interventions for students requiring inten-sive supports which may include partner-ships with other external partners; 
‘‘(6) promote family outreach and engage-
ment in school improvement activities, in-cluding those required by section 1118, to im-prove student achievement; ‘‘(7) for each school identified for school 
improvement, ensure the provision of tech-nical assistance as the school develops and implements the school improvement plan throughout the plan’s duration; and 
‘‘(8) identify school improvement strate-
gies that are consistently improving student outcomes and disseminate those strategies so that all schools can implement them. 
‘‘(d) S
TATE EDUCATIONAL AGENCY RESPON -
SIBILITIES .—A State educational agency 
served by this part, in supporting schools identified as a school in need of support or a high-priority school and the local edu-cational agencies serving such schools, shall— 
‘‘(1) assess and address local capacity con-
straints to ensure that its local educational agencies can meet the requirements of this section; 
‘‘(2) target resources and support to those 
schools in the State that are identified as a school in need of support or a high-priority school and to local educational agencies serving such schools, including additional re-sources necessary to implement the school improvement plan as described in subsection (b)(3)(C)(iv)(V); 
‘‘(3) provide support and technical assist-
ance, including assistance to school leaders, teachers, and other staff, to assist local edu-cational agencies and schools in using data to support school equity and in addressing the equity indicators described in section 1111(c)(1)(C); 
‘‘(4) identify school improvement strate-
gies that are consistently improving student outcomes and disseminate those strategies 
so that all schools can implement them; 
‘‘(5) leverage resources from other funding 
sources, such as school improvement funds, technology funds, and professional develop-ment funds to support school improvement activities; 
‘‘(6) provide a statewide system of support, 
including regional support services, to im-prove teaching, learning, and student out-comes; 
‘‘(7) assist local educational agencies in de-
veloping early warning indicator systems; 
‘‘(8) with respect to schools that will work 
with external partners to improve student achievement— 
‘‘(A) develop and apply objective criteria 
to potential external partners that are based on a demonstrated record of effectiveness in school improvement; 
‘‘(B) maintain an updated list of approved 
external partners across the State; 
‘‘(C) develop, implement, and publicly re-
port on standards and techniques for moni-toring the quality and effectiveness of the services offered by approved external part-ners, and for withdrawing approval from ex-ternal partners that fail to improve high-pri-ority schools; and 
‘‘(D) may identify external partners as ap-
proved, consistent with the requirements under paragraph (7), who agree to provide services on the basis of receiving payments only when student achievement has in-creased at an appropriate level as deter-mined by the State educational agency and school improvement team under subsection (b)(2); and 
‘‘(9) carry out administrative duties under 
this section, including providing monitoring and technical assistance to local educational agencies and schools. 
‘‘(e) R
ULES OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
this section shall be construed— 
‘‘(1) to alter or otherwise affect the rights, 
remedies, and procedures afforded school or local educational agency employees under Federal, State, or local laws (including ap-plicable regulations or court orders) or under the terms of collective bargaining agree-ments, memoranda of understanding, or other agreements between such employees 
and their employers; 
‘‘(2) to require a child to participate in an 
early learning program; or 
‘‘(3) to deny entry to kindergarten for any 
individual if the individual is legally eligi-ble, as defined by State or local law. 
‘‘(f) D
EFINITION .—In this section, the term 
‘external partner’ means an entity— 
‘‘(1) that is an organization such as a non-
profit organization, community-based orga-nization, local education fund, service orga-nization, educational service agency, or in-stitution of higher education; and 
‘‘(2) that has demonstrated expertise, effec-
tiveness, and a record of success in providing evidence-based strategies and targeted sup-port such as data analysis, professional de-velopment, or provision of nonacademic sup-port and integrated student services to local educational agencies, schools, or students that leads to improved teaching, learning, and outcomes for students.’’. 
SEC. 106. PARENTAL INVOLVEMENT. 
(a) P ARENTAL INVOLVEMENT .—Section 1118 
(20 U.S.C. 6318) is amended— 
(1) by redesignating subsections (a) 
through (h) as subsections (b) through (i), re-spectively; and 
(2) by inserting before subsection (b), as re-
designated by paragraph (1), the following: 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Each local educational 
agency and each school receiving funds under this part shall develop policies and practices for family engagement in edu-cation that meet the following principles and standards for family-school partnerships: 
‘‘(1) Welcome all families to be active par-
ticipants in the life of the school, so that they feel valued and connected to each other, school staff, and student learning. 
‘‘(2) Communicate effectively by ensuring 
regular two-way, meaningful communication between family members and local edu-cational agency and school staff in a man-ner, language, and with technology that fam-ily members can understand and access. 
‘‘(3) Support student success by fostering 
continuous collaboration between family members and local educational agency and school staff to support student learning and healthy student development at school and at home. 
‘‘(4) Speak up for every child and empower 
family members to be advocates for all stu-dents within the school. 
‘‘(5) Ensure that family members, local 
educational agencies, and school staff are equal partners in family engagement in edu-cation decisionmaking. 
‘‘(6) Collaborate with community organiza-
tions and groups to turn the school into a hub of community life. 
‘‘(7) Create a continuum of family engage-
ment in education in student learning and development from birth to young adulthood. 
‘‘(8) Train and support superintendents, 
principals, teachers, and specialized instruc-tional support personnel to fully engage fam-ilies in the education of their children.’’. 
(b) W
RITTEN POLICY .—Section 1118(b)(2), as 
redesignated by subsection (a), is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘sub-
section (e)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (f)’’; 
(2) in subparagraph (E), by striking ‘‘and’’ 
after the semicolon; 
(3) in subparagraph (F), by striking the pe-
riod at the end and inserting a semicolon; and 
(4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(G) participate in evaluations of the effec-
tiveness of family engagement in education strategies and policies; and 
‘‘(H) participate in developing rec-
ommendations for creating a positive school climate and safe and healthy schools.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:10 Feb 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27FE7.011 H27FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1406 February 27, 2015 
(c) R ESERVATION .—Section 1118(b)(3)(A), as 
redesignated by subsection (a), is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Each local educational 
agency shall reserve not less than 2 percent of its allocation under subpart 2 to carry out this section, except that this subparagraph shall not apply if 2 percent is such agency’s allocation under subpart 2 for the fiscal year for which the determination is made is $10,000 or less.’’. 
(d) D
ISTRIBUTION .—Section 1118(b)(3)(C), as 
redesignated by subsection (a), is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(C) D
ISTRIBUTION .—Not more than 20 per-
cent of the funds reserved under subpara-graph (A) shall be available for local edu-cational agency programming and technical assistance to schools served under this part.’’. 
(e) R
ESERVED FUNDS .—Section 1118(b)(3), as 
redesignated by subsection (a), is amended— 
(1) by redesignating subparagraphs (B) and 
(c) as subparagraphs (C) and (D), respec-tively; and 
(2) by inserting after subparagraph (A) the 
following: 
‘‘(B) U
SE OF FUNDS .—Funds reserved under 
subparagraph (A) may be used for the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(i) Increasing capacity through establish-
ment of a dedicated office or dedicated office or dedicated personnel within the local edu-cational agency or at the school level for family engagement in education. 
‘‘(ii) Supporting schools and nonprofit or-
ganizations in providing professional devel-opment on family engagement in education for school staff, parent leadership training, family literacy and numeracy programs, home visitation programs, family vol-unteerism programs, and other innovative programs that meaningfully engage families. 
‘‘(iii) Providing technical assistance and 
training to schools on the implementation and assessment of family engagement in edu-cation policies and practices. 
‘‘(iv) Providing additional support to 
schools that have been identified for im-provement under section 1116(b) to assist in the implementation of family engagement in education programs. 
‘‘(v) Partnering with the Statewide Family 
Engagement Center and local community- based organizations to identify community resources, services, and supports to remove economic obstacles to family engagement in education by meeting families’ needs. 
‘‘(vi) Supporting schools and eligible enti-
ties in the development and implementation of research-based practices and programs that emphasize the importance of family en-gagement in academic success and positive development by addressing factors such as— 
‘‘(I) successful transitions from early 
learning to kindergarten through grade 12 settings; 
‘‘(II) improved understanding of and shared 
responsibility for student success; 
‘‘(III) improved understanding and use of 
student and school data; 
‘‘(IV) open, effective communication be-
tween schools and families; 
‘‘(V) early warning indicators that a stu-
dent is at risk of not graduating on time; 
‘‘(VI) improved understanding of State and 
local accountability systems, academic standards and student assessments; 
‘‘(VII) parent and community advocacy to 
increase parent participation; 
‘‘(VIII) improved understanding of the par-
ents’ role in academic, social, and financial preparation for postsecondary education, in-cluding career and technical education. 
‘‘(vii) Assisting schools in the develop-
ment, implementation, and assessment of family engagement in education plans. ‘‘(viii) Monitoring and evaluating the fam-
ily engagement in education in education policies and practices funded under this sec-tion. 
‘‘(ix) Supporting other activities approved 
in the local educational agency’s plan for improving family engagement in edu-cation.’’. 
(f) S
CHOOL PARENTAL INVOLVEMENT POL-
ICY.—Section 1118(c)(1), as redesignated by 
subsection (a), is amended in the first sen-tence by striking ‘‘subsections (c) through (f)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsections (d) through (g)’’. 
(g) S
HARED RESPONSIBILITY FOR HIGHSTU-
DENT ACHIEVEMENT .—Section 1118(e), as re-
designated by subsection (a), is amended— 
(1) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), 
by striking ‘‘subsection (b)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (c)’’; and 
(2) by striking paragraph (1) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(1) describe the school’s responsibility 
to— 
‘‘(A) provide high-quality curriculum and 
instruction in a supportive and effective learning environment that enables the chil-dren served under this part to meet the State’s student academic achievement standards, and the ways in which parents and families will support their children’s learning, such as— 
‘‘(i) monitoring attendance and homework 
completion; 
‘‘(ii) volunteering in their child’s class-
room or school; and 
‘‘(iii) participating, as appropriate, in deci-
sions relating to the education of their chil-dren and positive use of extracurricular time; and 
‘‘(B) engage families in the development of 
recommendations for student attendance, expectations, behavior, and school safety, in-cluding the development of reasonable dis-ciplinary policies and interventions, such as the implementation of school-wide positive behavior interventions and supports and the phase-out of out-of-school suspension and ex-pulsion and to address bullying and harass-ment; and’’. 
SEC. 107. PARAPROFESSIONALS. 
Section 1119 (20 U.S.C. 6319) is amended— (1) by striking subsections (c) through (g) 
and inserting the following: 
‘‘(c) P
ARAPROFESSIONALS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Each local educational 
agency receiving assistance under this part shall ensure that all paraprofessionals work-ing in a program supported with funds under this part shall have— 
‘‘(A) completed at least 2 years of study at 
an institution of higher education; 
‘‘(B) obtained an associate’s (or higher) de-
gree; or 
‘‘(C) met a rigorous standard of quality and 
can demonstrate, through a formal State or local academic assessment— 
‘‘(i) knowledge of, and the ability to assist 
in instructing, reading, writing, and mathe-matics; or 
‘‘(ii) knowledge of, and the ability to assist 
in instructing, reading readiness, writing readiness, and mathematics readiness, as ap-propriate. 
‘‘(2) C
LARIFICATION .—The receipt of a sec-
ondary school diploma (or its recognized equivalent) shall be necessary but not suffi-cient to satisfy the requirements of para-graph (1)(C). 
‘‘(d) E
XCEPTION FOR TRANSLATION AND PA-
RENTAL INVOLVEMENT ACTIVITIES .—Sub-
section (c) shall not apply to a paraprofes-sional— 
‘‘(1) who is proficient in English and a lan-
guage other than English and who provides services primarily to enhance the participa-tion of children in programs under this part by acting as a translator; or ‘‘(2) whose duties consist solely of con-
ducting parental involvement activities con-sistent with section 1118. 
‘‘(e) G
ENERAL REQUIREMENT FOR ALLPARA-
PROFESSIONALS .—Each local educational 
agency receiving assistance under this part shall ensure that all paraprofessionals work-ing in a program supported with funds under this part, regardless of the paraprofessionals’ hiring date, have earned a secondary school diploma or its recognized equivalent. 
‘‘(f) D
UTIES OF PARAPROFESSIONALS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Each local educational 
agency receiving assistance under this part shall ensure that a paraprofessional working in a program supported with funds under this part is not assigned a duty inconsistent with this subsection. 
‘‘(2) R
ESPONSIBILITIES PARAPROFESSIONALS  
MAY BE ASSIGNED .—A paraprofessional de-
scribed in paragraph (1) may be assigned— 
‘‘(A) to provide one-on-one tutoring for eli-
gible students, if the tutoring is scheduled at a time when a student would not otherwise receive instruction from a teacher; 
‘‘(B) to assist with classroom management, 
such as organizing instructional and other materials; 
‘‘(C) to provide assistance in a computer 
laboratory; 
‘‘(D) to conduct parental involvement ac-
tivities; 
‘‘(E) to provide support in a library or 
media center; 
‘‘(F) to act as a translator; or ‘‘(G) to provide instructional services to 
students in accordance with paragraph (3). 
‘‘(3) A
DDITIONAL LIMITATIONS .—A para-
professional described in paragraph (1)— 
‘‘(A) may not provide any instructional 
service to a student unless the paraprofes-sional is working under the direct super-vision of a teacher consistent with section 1119; and 
‘‘(B) may assume limited duties that are 
assigned to similar personnel who are not working in a program supported with funds under this part, including duties beyond classroom instruction or that do not benefit participating children, so long as the amount of time spent on such duties is the same pro-portion of total work time as prevails with respect to similar personnel at the same school.’’. 
SEC. 108. COMPARABLE ALLOCATION OF EX-
PENDITURES. 
(a) A MENDMENT .—Section 1120A(c) (20 
U.S.C. 6321(c)) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(c) C OMPARABLE ALLOCATION OF EXPENDI -
TURES .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .— 
‘‘(A) C OMPARABLE FUNDING .—Not later than 
5 full school years after the date of enact-ment the Student Success Act, except as pro-vided in paragraphs (5), (6), and (7), a local educational agency may receive funds under this part for a fiscal year only if, for the pre-ceding fiscal year, the combined expenditure per pupil of State and local funds, including personnel and nonpersonnel costs, in each school served under this part was at least comparable to the average combined expend-iture per pupil of State and local funds, in-cluding personnel and nonpersonnel costs, across all schools served by the local edu-cational agency that are not receiving funds under this part. 
‘‘(B) C
OMPARABLE FUNDING AMONG TITLE I  
SCHOOLS .—In any case where all of the 
schools served by a local educational agency receive support under this part, such agency may receive funds under this part only if, for the preceding fiscal year, the combined ex-penditure per pupil of State and local funds in each higher poverty school is at least comparable to the average combined expend-iture per pupil of State and local funds across all lower poverty schools. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:10 Feb 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27FE7.011 H27FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1407 February 27, 2015 
‘‘(2) E QUIVALENCE .—A local educational 
agency shall be considered to have met the requirements of paragraph (1), and to be eli-gible to receive funds under this part, if— 
‘‘(A) such agency has filed annually with 
the State educational agency a school-by- school listing of per-pupil expenditures of State and local funds, as described in para-graph (1), for each school served by the agen-cy for the preceding fiscal year; and 
‘‘(B) the listing described in subparagraph 
(A) demonstrates comparable allocation of per-pupil expenditures across schools as re-quired by subparagraph (A) or (B) of para-graph (1). 
‘‘(3) B
ASIS.—A local educational agency 
may meet the requirements of paragraphs (1) or (2) across all schools or among schools serving a particular grade span, if the local educational agency compares schools within not more than three grade spans. 
‘‘(4) R
EQUIREMENTS .— 
‘‘(A) R EQUIREMENTS OF THE SECRETARY .— 
The Secretary shall issue regulations con-cerning the responsibilities of State edu-cational agencies and local educational agencies for meeting the requirements of this subsection. 
‘‘(B) R
EQUIREMENTS OF STATES .—Each 
State educational agency receiving funds under this part shall— 
‘‘(i) create and distribute to local edu-
cational agencies, and make available to the public, regulations on the responsibilities of local educational agencies for meeting the requirements of this subsection; and 
‘‘(ii) submit a plan to the Secretary, re-
quired under section 1111(d)(1)(B). 
‘‘(C) R
EQUIREMENTS OF LOCAL EDUCATIONAL  
AGENCIES .—Not later than 18 months after 
the date of enactment of the Student Suc-cess Act, each local educational agency re-ceiving funds under this part shall develop and submit to the State educational agency a plan, which shall be made available to the public, that will ensure comparable alloca-tion of resources as described in paragraph (1) not later than 5 full school years after the date of enactment of the Student Success Act, including information on— 
‘‘(i) a timeline and annual benchmarks for 
making progress toward achieving com-parable allocation of resources; and 
‘‘(ii) how the local educational agency is 
aligning school improvement efforts de-scribed under section 1116(b) and (c), efforts to improve educator supports and working conditions described in section 2112(b)(3), and efforts to improve the equitable distribution of teachers and principals described in sec-tion 2112(b)(5), with efforts to improve the 
comparable allocation of resources as de-scribed in this subsection; 
‘‘(5) I
NAPPLICABILITY .—This subsection 
shall not apply to a local educational agency that does not have more than one building for each grade span. 
‘‘(6) C
OMPLIANCE .—For the purpose of de-
termining compliance with paragraph (1), a local educational agency— 
‘‘(A) shall exclude State and local funds ex-
pended for the excess costs of providing English language instruction for Limited English Proficient students as determined by the local educational agency; 
‘‘(B) shall exclude State and local funds ex-
pended for the excess costs of providing serv-ices to children with disabilities as deter-mined by the local educational agency; 
‘‘(C) may exclude capital expenditures; and ‘‘(D) may exclude supplemental State or 
local funds expended in any school attend-ance area or school for programs that meet the intent and purpose of this part. 
‘‘(7) E
XCLUSIONS .—A local educational 
agency need not include unpredictable or significant changes in student enrollment or personnel assignments that occur after the beginning of a school year in determining 
the comparable allocation of expenditures under this subsection. 
‘‘(8) T
RANSITIONAL COMPLIANCE .—Beginning 
on the date of enactment of Student Success Act, for no more than 5 full school years a local educational agency shall be deemed to be in compliance with paragraph (1) and paragraph (4)(C)(i) for any school year, if the teachers hired to fill vacancies for individual schools served under this part, and for the schools not served under this part, improve the comparable allocation of combined State and local per pupil expenditures compared to the preceding school year. 
‘‘(9) W
AIVER .—A local educational agency 
may apply to the Secretary to waive the re-quirement of paragraph (1), for not more than 1 year at a time, if the Secretary deter-mines that the failure to comply with such requirement is due to exceptional or uncon-trollable circumstances, such as a natural disaster or a precipitous and unforeseen de-cline in the agency’s financial resources. 
‘‘(10) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
this section shall be construed to alter or otherwise affect the rights, remedies, and procedures afforded school or local edu-cational agency employees under Federal, State, or local laws (including applicable regulations or court orders) or under the terms of collective bargaining agreements, memoranda of understanding, or other agree-ments between such employees and their em-ployers. 
‘‘(11) N
O FORCED TRANSFERS .—Nothing in 
this subsection shall be construed to require a local educational agency to transfer school personnel in order to comply with the re-quirements of this subsection.’’. 
SEC. 109. COORDINATION REQUIREMENTS. 
Section 1120B (20 U.S.C. 6321(c)) is amended 
to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 1120B. COORDINATION REQUIREMENTS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Each local educational 
agency receiving assistance under this part shall— 
‘‘(1) coordinate, as feasible, with early 
childhood programs to carry out the activi-ties described in subsection (b); and 
‘‘(2) develop agreements with Head Start 
agencies to carry out the activities described in subsection (b). 
‘‘(b) A
CTIVITIES .—The activities referred to 
in subsection (a) are activities that increase coordination between the local educational agency and a Head Start agency and, if fea-sible, other entities carrying out early child-hood development programs serving children who will attend the schools of the local edu-cational agency, including— 
‘‘(1) developing and implementing a sys-
tematic procedure for receiving records re-garding such children, transferred with pa-rental consent from a Head Start program or, where applicable, another early childhood development program; 
‘‘(2) establishing channels of communica-
tion between school staff and in such Head Start agencies or other entities carrying out early their counterparts (including teachers, social workers, and health staff) childhood development programs, as appropriate, to fa-cilitate coordination of programs; 
‘‘(3) conducting meetings involving par-
ents, kindergarten or elementary school teachers, and Head Start teachers or, if ap-propriate, teachers from other early child-hood development programs, to discuss the developmental and other needs of individual children; 
‘‘(4) organizing and participating in joint 
transition-related training of school staff, Head Start program staff, and, where appro-priate, other early childhood development program staff; and 
‘‘(5) linking the educational services pro-
vided by such local educational agency with the services provided by local Head Start 
agencies. 
‘‘(c) C
OORDINATION OF REGULATIONS .—The 
Secretary shall work with the Secretary of Health and Human Services to coordinate 
regulations promulgated under this part with regulations promulgated under the Head Start Act.’’. 
SEC. 110. TREATMENT OF THE OUTLYING AREAS 
AND BUREAU OF INDIAN EDU-CATION SCHOOLS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1121 (20 U.S.C. 
6331) is amended— 
(1) in the section heading, by striking ‘‘ THE 
OUTLYING AREAS AND ’’; 
(2) by amending subsection (a) to read as 
follows: 
‘‘(a) R ESERVATION OF FUNDS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—From the amount appro-
priated for payments to States for any fiscal year under sections 1002(a) and 1125A(f), the Secretary shall reserve— 
‘‘(A) for each fiscal year until the fiscal 
year described in paragraph (2), .67 percent to provide assistance to the Secretary of the Interior in the amount necessary to make payments pursuant to subsection (b); and 
‘‘(B) for the fiscal year described in para-
graph (2) and each succeeding fiscal year, 0.75 percent to provide assistance to the Sec-retary of the Interior in the amount nec-essary to make payments pursuant to such subsection. 
‘‘(2) D
ESCRIPTION OF FISCAL YEAR .—A fiscal 
year described in this paragraph is a fiscal year for which the total amount allocated under this part for each State, after reserv-ing funds in accordance with paragraph (1)(B), would be an amount that is not less than the total amount allocated under this part for such State for fiscal year 2015.’’; 
(3) by striking subsections (b) and (c); (4) by redesignating subsection (d) as sub-
section (b); and 
(5) in subsection (b), as so redesignated— (A) by amending paragraph (1) to read as 
follows: 
‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The amount allotted for 
payments to the Secretary of the Interior under subsection (a) for any fiscal year shall be used to meet the special educational needs of— 
‘‘(A) Indian children on reservations served 
by elementary schools and secondary schools for Indian children operated or supported by the Department of the Interior; and 
‘‘(B) out-of-State Indian children in ele-
mentary schools and secondary schools in local educational agencies under special con-tracts with the Department of the Interior.’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘sub-
section (a)(2)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (a)’’. 
(b) A
LLOCATIONS TO STATES .—Section 1122 
(20 U.S.C. 6332) is amended by striking sub-section (e). 
(c) B
ASIC GRANTS TO LOCAL EDUCATIONAL  
AGENCIES .—Section 1124(d) (20 U.S.C. 6333(d)) 
is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (2), by redesignating sub-
paragraphs (A) and (B) as clauses (i) and (ii), respectively, and indenting appropriately; 
(2) by redesignating paragraphs (1) and (2) 
as subparagraphs (A) and (B), respectively, and indenting appropriately; 
(3) by striking ‘‘Notwithstanding section 
1122’’ and inserting the following: 
‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding section 
1122 and except as provided in paragraph (2)’’; 
(4) in paragraph (1)(B)(i) (as so redesig-
nated), by striking ‘‘calculated in paragraph (1)’’ and inserting ‘‘calculated in subpara-graph (A)’’; and 
(5) by adding at the end the following new 
paragraph: 
‘‘(2) E
XCEPTION .—American Samoa, Guam, 
the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:10 Feb 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27FE7.011 H27FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1408 February 27, 2015 
Islands, and the United States Virgin Islands 
shall each receive one-half of the lesser of the amounts calculated for each such juris-diction under subparagraphs (A) and (B) of paragraph (1).’’. 
(d) C
ONCENTRATION GRANTS TO LOCAL EDU-
CATIONAL AGENCIES .—Section 1124A(a)(1)(B) 
(20 U.S.C. 6334(a)(1)(B)) is amended— 
(1) by inserting ‘‘S TATE MINIMUM .—’’ after 
the subparagraph enumerator; 
(2) in clause (ii)— (A) in subclause (II), by redesignating 
items (aa) and (bb) as subitems (AA) and (BB), respectively, and indenting appro-priately; and 
(B) by redesignating subclauses (I) and (II) 
as items (aa) and (bb), respectively, and in-denting appropriately; 
(3) by redesignating clauses (i) and (ii) as 
subclauses (I) and (II), respectively, and in-denting appropriately; 
(4) by striking ‘‘Notwithstanding section 
1122’’ and inserting the following: 
‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding section 
1122 and except as provided in clause (ii)’’; 
(5) in clause (i)(II)(aa) (as so redesignated) 
by striking ‘‘calculated under clause (i)’’ and inserting ‘‘calculated under subclause (I)’’; and 
(6) by adding at the end the following new 
clause: 
‘‘(ii) E
XCEPTION .—American Samoa, Guam, 
the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, and the United States Virgin Islands shall each receive one-half of the lesser of the amounts calculated for each such juris-diction under subclauses (I) and (II) of clause (i).’’. 
(e) T
ARGETED GRANTS TO LOCAL EDU-
CATIONAL AGENCIES .—Section 1125(e) (20 
U.S.C. 6335(e)) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (2), by redesignating sub-
paragraphs (A) and (B) as clauses (i) and (ii), respectively, and indenting appropriately; 
(2) by redesignating paragraphs (1) and (2) 
as subparagraphs (A) and (B), respectively, and indenting appropriately; 
(3) by striking ‘‘Notwithstanding any other 
provision of this section or section 1122’’ and inserting the following: 
‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding section 
1122 and except as provided in paragraph (2)’’; 
(4) by adding at the end the following new 
paragraph: 
‘‘(2) E XCEPTION .—American Samoa, Guam, 
the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, and the United States Virgin Islands shall each receive one-half of the lesser of the amounts calculated for each such juris-diction under subparagraphs (A) and (B) of paragraph (1).’’. 
(f) E
DUCATION FINANCE INCENTIVE GRANT  
PROGRAM .—Section 1125A(b) (20 U.S.C. 
6337(b)) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1)(B)— (A) in clause (ii), by redesignating sub-
clauses (I) and (II) as items (aa) and (bb), re-spectively, and indenting appropriately; 
(B) by redesignating clauses (i) and (ii) as 
subclauses (I) and (II), respectively, and in-denting appropriately; 
(C) by striking ‘‘Notwithstanding any 
other provision of this section or section 1122’’ and inserting the following: 
‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding section 
1122 and except as provided in clause (ii)’’; and 
(D) by adding at the end the following new 
clause: 
‘‘(ii) E
XCEPTION .—American Samoa, Guam, 
the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, and the United States Virgin Islands shall each receive one-half of the lesser of the amounts calculated for each such juris-diction under subclauses (I) and (II) of clause (i).’’; and 
(2) in paragraph (2)(B)— (A) in the subparagraph heading, by insert-
ing ‘‘
AND CERTAIN OUTLYING AREAS ’’ before 
the period at the end; and 
(B) by adding after ‘‘Commonwealth of 
Puerto Rico’’ the following: ‘‘, American Samoa, Guam, the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, and the United States Virgin Islands’’. 
(g) D
EFINITION .—Section 9101(30) (20 U.S.C. 
7801(30)) is amended by striking ‘‘section 1121(b) and any other’’ and inserting ‘‘any’’. 
SEC. 111. SUPPORT FOR HIGH-QUALITY ASSESS-
MENTS. 
(a) A MENDMENT .—Part A of title I (20 
U.S.C. 6311 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following new subpart: 
‘‘Subpart 3—Support for High-Quality 
Assessments 
‘‘SEC. 1131. GRANTS TO IMPROVE DELIVERY OF 
HIGH-QUALITY ASSESSMENTS AND FOR RELATED ACTIVITIES. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—From the amount re-
served under section 1134(b)(5) and subject to subparagraphs (A) and (B) of such section, the Secretary shall make grants by allo-cating funds in accordance with subsection (b) of this section to States to enable the States to— 
‘‘(1) develop, administer, and further align 
State assessments required by section 1111(b)(3) to State content standards required by section 1111(b)(1); 
‘‘(2) ensure the provision of appropriate ac-
commodations as required by section 1111(b)(3) to students with limited English proficiency and students with disabilities to improve the rates of inclusion in State as-sessments of such students; 
‘‘(3) develop State assessment systems 
aligned to the State’s content standards that support systems of continuous improvement and meet the assurance of coordination and alignment as described in section 1111(b)(3)(H); 
‘‘(4) support local educational agencies in 
identifying uses of assessment data, which may include appropriate use of student as-sessment data as one of multiple measures of student learning for teacher and school lead-er performance and evaluation, where appli-cable; and 
‘‘(5) carry out the activities described in 
the report required under subsection (c). 
‘‘(b) A
LLOCATION OF FUNDS .—From the 
amount reserved under section 1134(b)(5), each State shall receive an allocation for each fiscal year in an amount equal to— 
‘‘(1) $4,000,000; and ‘‘(2) with respect to any amounts remain-
ing after the allocation is made under para-graph (1), an amount that bears the same re-lationship to such total remaining amounts as the number of students ages 5 through 17 in the State (as determined by the Secretary on the basis of the most recent satisfactory data) bears to the total number of such stu-dents in all States. 
‘‘(c) S
TATE REPORT .—Not later than 6 
months after a State receives a grant under this section, the State shall, in consultation with education stakeholders, prepare and make publically available a report, that ex-
plains how the State has used, or will use, the grant to— 
‘‘(1) improve the quality and use of the 
State’s assessment system, including assess-ments not required by section 1111(b)(3), and for related activities; 
‘‘(2) ensure that all summative assess-
ments that are used for accountability pur-poses, including accountability described in section 1111(c) are valid and reliable, and consistent with relevant, nationally recog-nized professional and technical standards; and 
‘‘(3) improve the use of State assessment 
data by school leaders, educators, and par-ents, and for related activities, such as— ‘‘(A) disseminating the assessment data in 
an accessible and understandable format for educators, parents, and families; 
‘‘(B) decreasing time between admin-
istering such State assessments and releas-ing assessment data; 
‘‘(C) supporting the dissemination of prom-
ising practices from local educational agen-cies that have successfully used assessment data to improve individual student and over-all school performance; 
‘‘(D) identifying appropriate uses of assess-
ment data, which may include appropriate use of student assessment data as one of multiple measures of student learning for teacher and school leader performance and evaluation; and 
‘‘(E) providing professional development on 
assessment and data literacy to teachers and school leaders, including on the development and effective use of formative and classroom- based assessments aligned with State con-tent standards. 
‘‘SEC. 1132. GRANTS FOR ASSESSMENT SYSTEM 
ALIGNMENT, QUALITY, AND USE. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—From the amount re-
served under section 1134(b)(3), the Secretary shall make grants to States to— 
‘‘(1) in the case of a grant awarded under 
this section to a State for the first time— 
‘‘(A) carry out an audit of the State assess-
ment system and ensure that local edu-cational agencies carry out audits of local assessments under subsection (e)(1); 
‘‘(B) prepare and carry out the State plan 
under subsection (e)(6); and 
‘‘(C) award subgrants under subsection (f); 
and 
‘‘(2) in the case of a grant awarded under 
this section to a State that has previously received a grant under this section— 
‘‘(A) carry out the State plan on audit 
findings under subsection (e)(6); and 
‘‘(B) award subgrants under subsection (f). 
‘‘(b) M
INIMUM AMOUNT .—Each State with 
an approved application shall receive a grant amount of not less than $2,000,000. 
‘‘(c) R
EALLOCATION .—If a State chooses not 
to apply to receive a grant under this sub-section, or if such State’s application under subsection (d) is disapproved by the Sec-retary, the Secretary shall reallocate such grant amount to other States with approved applications. 
‘‘(d) A
PPLICATION .—A State desiring to re-
ceive a grant under this section shall submit an application to the Secretary at such time, in such manner, and containing such infor-mation as the Secretary may require. 
‘‘(e) A
UDITS OF STATE ASSESSMENT SYS-
TEMS AND LOCAL ASSESSMENTS .— 
‘‘(1) A UDIT REQUIREMENTS .—Not later than 
1 year after a State receives a grant under this section for the first time, the State shall— 
‘‘(A) conduct an audit of the State assess-
ment system; 
‘‘(B) ensure that each local educational 
agency under the State’s jurisdiction and re-ceiving funds under this Act— 
‘‘(i) conducts an audit of each local assess-
ment administered by the local educational agency; and 
‘‘(ii) submits the results of such audit to 
the State; and 
‘‘(C) report the results of each State and 
local educational agency audit conducted under subparagraphs (A) and (B)— 
‘‘(i) in a publicly available format, such as 
a widely accessible online platform; and 
‘‘(ii) with appropriate accessibility provi-
sions for individuals with disabilities and in-dividuals with limited English proficiency. 
‘‘(2) R
ESOURCES FOR LOCAL EDUCATIONAL  
AGENCIES .—In carrying out paragraph (1)(B), 
each State shall develop and provide local educational agencies with resources, such as 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:10 Feb 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27FE7.011 H27FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1409 February 27, 2015 
guidelines and protocols, to assist the agen-
cies in conducting and reporting the results of the audit required under such paragraph (1)(B). 
‘‘(3) S
TATE ASSESSMENT SYSTEM DESCRIP -
TION.—An audit of a State assessment sys-
tem conducted under paragraph (1) shall in-clude a description of each State assessment carried out in the State, including— 
‘‘(A) the grade and subject matter assessed; ‘‘(B) whether the assessment is required 
under section 1111(b)(3); 
‘‘(C) the annual cost to the State edu-
cational agency involved in developing, pur-chasing, administering, and scoring the as-sessment; 
‘‘(D) the purpose for which the assessment 
was designed and the purpose for which the assessment is used, including assessments designed to contribute to systems of contin-uous improvement of teaching and learning; 
‘‘(E) the time for disseminating assessment 
results; 
‘‘(F) a description of how the assessment is 
aligned with the State’s content standards; 
‘‘(G) a description of any State law or reg-
ulation that established the requirement for the assessment; 
‘‘(H) the schedule and calendar for all 
State assessments given; and 
‘‘(I) a description of the State’s policies for 
inclusion of students with limited English proficiency and students with disabilities. 
‘‘(4) L
OCAL ASSESSMENT DESCRIPTION .—An 
audit of a local assessment conducted under paragraph (1) shall include a description of the local assessment carried out by the local educational agency, including— 
‘‘(A) the descriptions listed in subpara-
graphs (A), (D), and (E) of paragraph (3); 
‘‘(B) the annual cost to the local edu-
cational agency of developing, purchasing, administering, and scoring the assessment; 
‘‘(C) the extent to which the assessment is 
aligned to the State’s content standards; 
‘‘(D) a description of any State or local law 
or regulation that establishes the require-ment for the assessment; and 
‘‘(E) in the case of a summative assessment 
that is used for accountability purposes, whether the assessment is valid and reliable and consistent with nationally recognized professional and technical standards. 
‘‘(5) S
TAKEHOLDER FEEDBACK .—Each audit 
of a State assessment system or local assess-ment system conducted under subparagraph (A) or (B) of paragraph (1) shall include feed-back on such system from education stake-holders, which shall cover information such as— 
‘‘(A) how educators and administrators use 
assessment data to improve and differentiate instruction; 
‘‘(B) the timing of release of assessment 
data; 
‘‘(C) the extent to which assessment data 
is presented in an accessible and understand-able format for educators, parents, students, if appropriate, and the community; 
‘‘(D) the opportunities, resources, and 
training educators and administrators are given to review assessment results and make effective use of assessment data; 
‘‘(E) the distribution of technological re-
sources and personnel necessary to admin-ister assessments; 
‘‘(F) the amount of time educators spend 
on test preparation; 
‘‘(G) the assessments that administrators, 
educators, parents, and students, if appro-priate, do and do not find useful; 
‘‘(H) the amount of time students spend 
taking the assessments; and 
‘‘(I) other information as appropriate. ‘‘(6) S
TATE PLAN ON AUDIT FINDINGS .— 
‘‘(A) P REPARING THE STATE PLAN ON AUDIT  
FINDINGS .—Not later than 6 months after a 
State conducts an audit under paragraph (1) and based on the results of such audit, the 
State shall, in coordination with the local educational agencies under the jurisdiction of the State, prepare and submit to the Sec-retary, a plan to improve and streamline State assessment systems and local assess-ment systems, including through activities such as— 
‘‘(i) eliminating any assessments that are 
not required by section 1111(b)(3) (such as by buying out the remainder of procurement contracts with assessment developers) and that— 
‘‘(I) are low-quality; ‘‘(II) not aligned to the State’s content 
standards; 
‘‘(III) in the case of summative assess-
ments used for accountability purposes, are not valid or reliable and are inconsistent with nationally recognized professional and technical standards; 
‘‘(IV) do not contribute to systems of con-
tinuous improvement for teaching and learn-ing; or 
‘‘(V) are redundant; ‘‘(ii) supporting the dissemination of prom-
ising practices from local educational agen-cies or other States that have successfully improved assessment quality and efficiency to improve teaching and learning; 
‘‘(iii) supporting local educational agencies 
or consortia of local educational agencies to carry out efforts to streamline local assess-ment systems and implementing a regular process of review and evaluation of assess-ment use in local educational agencies; 
‘‘(iv) supporting appropriate uses of assess-
ment data, which may include appropriate use of student assessment data as one of multiple measures of student learning for teacher and school leader performance and evaluation; and 
‘‘(v) providing professional development to 
teachers and school leaders on selecting and implementing formative assessments, de-signing classroom-based assessments, and as-sessment and data literacy. 
‘‘(B) C
ARRY OUT THE STATE PLAN ON AUDIT  
FINDINGS .—A State shall carry out a State 
plan on audit findings as soon as practicable after the State prepares such State plan under subparagraph (A) and during each grant period of a grant described in sub-section (a)(2) that is awarded to the State. 
‘‘(f) S
UBGRANTS TO LOCAL EDUCATIONAL  
AGENCIES .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—From the amount award-
ed to a State under this section, the State shall reserve not less than 20 percent of funds to make subgrants to local educational agencies in the State, or a consortium of such local educational agencies, based on demonstrated need in the agency’s or consor-tium’s application to improve assessment quality, use, and alignment with the State’s content standards. 
‘‘(2) L
OCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCY APPLICA -
TION.—Each local educational agency, or 
consortium of local educational agencies, seeking a subgrant under this subsection shall submit an application to the State at such time, in such manner, and describing that agency’s or consortium’s needs to im-prove assessment quality, use, and align-ment (as described in paragraph (1)), and such other information as determined by the State. 
‘‘(3) U
SE OF FUNDS .—A subgrant awarded 
under this subsection to a local educational agency or consortium of such agencies may be used to— 
‘‘(A) conduct an audit of local assessments 
under subsection (e)(1)(B); 
‘‘(B) eliminate any assessments identified 
for elimination by such audit, such as by buying out the remainder of procurement contracts with assessment developers; ‘‘(C) disseminate the promising practices 
described in subsection (e)(6)(B); 
‘‘(D) improve the capacity of school leaders 
and educators to disseminate assessment data in an accessible and understandable for-mat for parents and families, including for individuals with disabilities or individuals with limited English proficiency; 
‘‘(E) support the appropriate use of assess-
ment data, which may include appropriate use of student assessment data as one of multiple measures of student learning for teacher and school leader performance and evaluation; 
‘‘(F) provide professional development to, 
and time for teacher collaboration on design-ing classroom-based assessments and im-proving assessments and data literacy for, teachers and school leaders, which may in-clude providing additional planning time to analyze student and team data and designing instruction based on data analysis; 
‘‘(G) improve assessment delivery systems 
and schedules, including by increasing access to technology and exam proctors, where ap-propriate; 
‘‘(H) hire instructional coaches, or pro-
moting educators who may receive increased compensation to serve as instructional coaches, to support educators to develop classroom-based assessments, interpret as-sessment data, and design instruction; and 
‘‘(I) provide for appropriate assessment ac-
commodations to maximize inclusion of stu-dents with disabilities and students with limited English proficiency, including by providing the assessments described in sec-tion 1111(b)(6). 
‘‘SEC. 1133. INNOVATIVE ASSESSMENT DEM-
ONSTRATION AUTHORITY. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this part: 
‘‘(1) C OLLEGE AND CAREER READY STAND -
ARDS .—The term ‘college and career ready 
standards’ means the academic content and student academic achievement standards adopted by a State under section 1111(b). 
‘‘(2) C
OMPETENCY EDUCATION .—The term 
‘competency education’ is defined, (at a min-imum), as a school-level framework for learning that enables personalization, with the goal of students becoming proficient, in which— 
‘‘(A) students advance upon mastery; ‘‘(B) competencies are transparent, aligned 
to State academic standards, and include ex-plicit, measurable, and transferable learning objectives; 
‘‘(C) assessment improves teaching and 
learning in real time and validates when stu-dents are ready to demonstrate mastery; and 
‘‘(D) students receive timely, differen-
tiated support based on their individual learning needs. 
Competencies emphasize growth towards 
higher order skills, including the application and creation of knowledge and social emo-tional skills. 
‘‘(3) C
ORE INDICATORS .—The term ‘core indi-
cators’ means— 
‘‘(A) State academic assessments that 
meet the requirements of section 1111(b)(3) and that provide data that can be compared with data regarding the State academic as-sessments required under section 1111(b)(3); and 
‘‘(B) graduation rates. ‘‘(4) E
LIGIBLE ENTITY .—The term ‘eligible 
entity’ means a State educational agency or consortium of State educational agencies. 
‘‘(5) M
ASTERY .—The term ‘mastery’ means 
a level of knowledge or skill development demonstrated by a student signifying that the student has met a standard and is pre-pared to progress to a subsequent standard. 
‘‘(6) P
ERFORMANCE ASSESSMENT .—The term 
‘performance assessment’ means a multi- step assessment that— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:10 Feb 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27FE7.011 H27FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1410 February 27, 2015 
‘‘(A) includes complex activities with clear 
criteria, expectations, and processes that en-able students to interact with meaningful content; and 
‘‘(B) measures the depth at which students 
learn content and apply complex skills to create or refine an original product or solu-tion. 
‘‘(b) D
EMONSTRATION AUTHORITY .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary may pro-
vide eligible entities, in accordance with paragraph (3), with the authority to estab-lish State assessment systems that enable competency education to satisfy the require-ments under section 1111(c) and 1111(b)(3) and use results of such competency education as-sessment system for the purposes of section 1111(c) and section 1116 and in accordance with an application approved under sub-section (c). 
‘‘(2) D
EMONSTRATION PERIOD .—The initial 
award of demonstration authority under this part shall be for a period of 5 years. After such period, if the Secretary has not with-drawn the demonstration authority from an eligible entity, the eligible entity shall be permitted to operate the assessment system approved under the demonstration authority in lieu of the requirements under section 1111(b)(3), except that the assessments re-quired under section 1111(b)(3) shall be ad-ministered at a minimum of once in grades 3 through 56, once in graades 6 through 8, and once in high school. 
‘‘(3) I
NITIAL DEMONSTRATION AUTHORITY ; EX-
PANSION ; RENEWAL .— 
‘‘(A) I NITIAL LIMIT .—During the initial 3- 
year period of demonstration authority under this section, the Secretary may not provide more than 5 eligible entities with the authority described in paragraph (1). 
‘‘(B) E
XPANSION OF DEMONSTRATION AUTHOR -
ITY.—After the end of the initial demonstra-
tion period described in subparagraph (A), the Secretary may provide additional eligi-ble entities with demonstration authority described in paragraph (1), subject to each of the requirements of this part as applicable, if the Secretary determines that the dem-onstration authority provided under this part during the initial demonstration period has effectively supported student progress on core indicators among students served by the eligible entities, including subgroups of stu-dents described in section 1111(c)(3)(A). 
‘‘(c) A
PPLICATIONS .—To be eligible to par-
ticipate in the demonstration under this part, an eligible entity shall submit an appli-cation to the Secretary at such time, in such manner, and containing such information as the Secretary may require, that describes the assessment system that will be used by the eligible entity to enable competency education, including— 
‘‘(1) a description of the assessment system 
the eligible entity will use (consistent with section 1111(b)(3)(B) and covering the sub-jects described in section 1111(b)(3)(C)), in-cluding— 
‘‘(A) how the system will provide annual 
summative student performance data gath-ered in one of the following ways— 
‘‘(i) a statewide summative assessment ad-
ministered at least once annually in each of grades 3 through 8 and once in grades 9 through 12; 
‘‘(ii) a statewide summative instrument 
administered at least once annually in each of grades 3 through 8 and once in grades 9 through 12 administered as multiple assess-ments throughout the year; or 
‘‘(iii) a combination of a statewide 
summative assessment and , or in lieu of, local summative assessments administered at least once annually in each of grades 3 through 8 and once in grades 9 through 12, so long as— ‘‘(I) the assessments provide, at a min-
imum, annual information about student performance to inform determinations about accountability and supports and interven-tions; 
‘‘(II) the statewide assessment occurs at a 
minimum of once in elementary, once in middle, and once in high school; 
‘‘(III) the assessment items are aligned to 
college- and career-ready State academic standards; 
‘‘(IV) the local assessment instruments 
produce comparable results across the State that are of high technical quality, reli-ability, and validity; and 
‘‘(V) the system of assessments incor-
porates multiple sources of evidence of stu-dent learning, including performance-based tasks; and 
‘‘(B) how the system will incorporate form-
ative, interim, and summative assessments, including the use of performance assess-ments and other sources of evidence of stu-dent learning that determine mastery of col-lege and career ready standards and com-petencies. 
‘‘(d) A
SSURANCES .—The State educational 
agency will provide assurances that— 
‘‘(1) the system is aligned to college and 
career ready standards described in section 1111 and State-approved competencies; 
‘‘(2) the system has been developed in col-
laboration with stakeholders representing the interests of students with disabilities, English learners, and civil rights organiza-tions in the State, as demonstrated through modifications made to the assessments re-sulting from such collaboration; 
‘‘(3) the system incorporates the principles 
of universal design as defined in section 3(a) of the Assistive Technology Act of 1998 (29 U.S.C.14 3002(a)); 
‘‘(4) the system will allow students to dem-
onstrate progress toward mastery of such standards and State-approved competencies; 
‘‘(5) the assessments will assess mastery of 
State-approved competencies when students are ready to demonstrate mastery of such standards and competencies; 
‘‘(6) the system will provide students with 
multiple opportunities to demonstrate mas-tery of such standards and competencies; 
‘‘(7) the system will engage and support 
teachers in scoring assessments, including the use of high quality professional develop-ment, standardized and calibrated scoring rubrics, and other strategies to ensure inter- rater reliability and comparability of deter-minations of mastery across the State; 
‘‘(8) the system provides educators, stu-
dents, and parents with real-time data to in-form instructional practice and continuously improve student performance; 
‘‘(9) the system will provide instructional 
support and targeted intervention to all stu-dents to ensure every student is on-track to master the State approved standards and competencies by graduation; 
‘‘(10) the system will only utilize a stu-
dent’s individualized education program, as defined in section 602 of the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act, for purposes spe-cifically allowed under such Act; 
‘‘(11) a description of how the system will 
be used to satisfy the accountability require-ments of section 1111(c); 
‘‘(12) the State will administer the annual 
statewide assessment required under section 1111(b)(3) until the secretary removes such requirement as described under subsection (b)(2); 
‘‘(13) the eligible entity’s plan to— ‘‘(A) ensure that all students, including 
each student subgroup described in section 1111(c)(3)(A)— 
‘‘(i) are held to the same high standard; ‘‘(ii) demonstrate annually, at a minimum, 
at least 1 year of academic growth consistent with the requirement in section 1111(b)(4)(E); 
and 
‘‘(iii) receive the instructional support 
needed to attain mastery of college and ca-reer ready standards and State-approved competencies; 
‘‘(B) train local educational agency and 
school staff to implement the assessments described in paragraph (2)(A); 
‘‘(C) acclimate students to the new assess-
ment and accountability systems; and 
‘‘(D) ensure that each local educational 
agency has the technological infrastructure to operate the accountability and assess-ment systems described in this section; and 
‘‘(14) a description of how instruction and 
professional development will be enhanced to personalize the educational experience for each student to ensure all students graduate college and career ready, as determined in accordance with State academic achieve-ment standards under section 1111(b); and 
‘‘(15) a description of the local educational 
agencies within the State that will partici-pate in the polit. 
‘‘(e) P
EERREVIEW .—The Secretary shall— 
‘‘(1) implement a peer review process, 
which shall include a review team comprised of practitioners and experts who are knowl-edgeable about competency education, to in-form the awarding of the demonstration au-thority under this part; and 
‘‘(2) make publicly available the applica-
tions submitted under subsection (c) and the peer comments and recommendations on such applications. 
‘‘(f) D
EMONSTRATION AUTHORITY WITH-
DRAWN .—The Secretary may withdraw the 
demonstration authority provided to an eli-gible entity under this part if at any point after the 3 year demonstration period de-scribed in subsection (b)(2), the Secretary de-termines that student performance for all students served by the eligible entity or any student subgroup described under section 1111(c)(3)(A) has declined on core indicators; 
‘‘(g) D
ISSEMINATION OF BESTPRACTICES .— 
The Secretary shall disseminate best prac-tices on the implementation of account-ability and assessment systems that enable competency education, including on— 
‘‘(1) strategies that States used to accel-
erate mastery of State standards and aligned competencies to close achievement gaps and increase readiness for college and career; 
‘‘(2) the effective use of formative, interim, 
and summative assessments to inform in-struction; and 
‘‘(4) the development of standardized and 
calibrated scoring rubrics, and other strate-gies to ensure inter-rater reliability and comparability of determinations of mastery across the State. 
‘‘SEC. 1134. FUNDING. 
‘‘(a) A UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
‘‘(1) N ATIONAL ASSESSMENT OF EDUCATIONAL  
PROGRESS .—For the purpose of administering 
the State assessments under the National Assessment of Educational Progress, there are authorized to be appropriated $72,000,000 for fiscal year 2016, and such sums as may be necessary for each of the 5 succeeding fiscal years. 
‘‘(2) S
TATE ASSESSMENTS AND RELATED AC -
TIVITIES .—For the purpose of carrying out 
this subpart, there are authorized to be ap-propriated $600,000,000 for fiscal year 2016, and such sums as may be necessary for each of the 5 succeeding fiscal years. 
‘‘(b) R
ESERVATION OF APPROPRIATED  
FUNDS .—From amounts made available for 
each fiscal year under subsection (a)(2), the Secretary shall— 
‘‘(1) reserve one-half of 1 percent for the 
Bureau of Indian Affairs; 
‘‘(2) reserve one-half of 1 percent for the 
outlying areas; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:10 Feb 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27FE7.011 H27FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1411 February 27, 2015 
‘‘(3) reserve 20 percent to carry out section 
1132; 
‘‘(4) reserve 3 percent to carry out section 
1133; and 
‘‘(5) reserve the remainder (after reserving 
funds under paragraphs (1) through (4)) to carry out section 1131, except that— 
‘‘(A) for any fiscal year for which the funds 
appropriated under subsection (a)(2) of this section are equal to or greater than $450,000,000, each State that receives a grant under section 1131 shall use the grant to carry out paragraphs (1) through (5) of sec-tion 1131(a); and 
‘‘(B) for any fiscal year for which the funds 
appropriated under subsection (a)(2) of this section are less than $450,000,000, each State that receives a grant under section 1131 shall only be required to use the grant to carry out paragraphs (1) through (3) of section 1131(a). 
‘‘SEC. 1135. STATE DEFINED. 
‘‘In this section, the term ‘State’ means 
each of the 50 States, the District of Colum-bia, and the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico.’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Subpart 1 of 
part A of title VI (20 U.S.C. 7301 et seq.) is re-pealed. 
SEC. 112. STATE AGENCY PROGRAMS. 
Part D of title I (20 U.S.C. 6421 et seq.) is 
amended— 
(1) in section1414(a)(2)— (A) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘and’’ 
at the end; 
(B) by redesignating subparagraph (C) as 
subparagraph (F); and 
(C) by inserting after subparagraph (B) the 
following: 
‘‘(C) contain procedures to ensure that 
each student who has been placed in the State’s juvenile justice system is promptly re-enrolled in secondary school or placed in a re-entry program that best meets the edu-cational and social needs of the student; 
‘‘(D) contain procedures for facilitating the 
transfer of credits that such students earned during placement; 
‘‘(E) provide that, to the extent feasible, 
students will have the opportunity to par-ticipate in higher education or career path-ways; and’’; 
(2) in section 1416— (A) by redesignating paragraphs (3), (4), (5), 
(6), (7) and (8) as paragraphs (4), (5), (7), (8), (9), and (10), respectively; 
(B) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(3) includes the development of an initial 
education services and transition plan for each child or youth served under this sub-part upon entry into the correctional facil-ity, in partnership with the child or youth’s family members and the local educational agency that most recently provided services to the child or youth;’’; 
(C) by inserting after paragraph (5), as so 
redesignated by subparagraph (A), the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(6) describes how the program will consult 
with the child or youth’s local educational agency for a period jointly determined nec-essary by the correctional facility and the local educational agency upon discharge from that facility, to coordinate educational services so as to minimize disruption to the child’s or youth’s achievement;’’; 
(D) in paragraph (9), as so redesignated, by 
striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; 
(E) in paragraph (10), as so redesignated, by 
striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(F) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(11) includes an assurance that the State 
agency will report annually on the number of children and youth released from the cor-rectional facility or institution who returned or did not return to school, the number of 
children and youth obtaining a secondary school diploma or its recognized equivalent, and the number of children and youth ob-taining employment.’’; and 
(3) in section 1425— (A) by redesignating paragraphs (10) and 
(11) as paragraphs (11) and (12), respectively; and 
(B) by inserting after paragraph (9) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(10) where feasible, coordinate with agen-
cies that provide re-entry services to adju-dicated youth;’’. 
SEC. 113. FOSTER YOUTH. 
(a) A MENDMENT .—Part D of title I is 
amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘Subpart 4—Educational Stability of 
Children in Foster Care 
‘‘SEC. 1441. EDUCATIONAL STABILITY OF CHIL-
DREN IN FOSTER CARE. 
‘‘(a) O BLIGATIONS TO COLLABORATE WITH 
CHILD WELFARE AGENCIES .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Each State educational 
agency receiving assistance under part A shall, in consultation with the State agency responsible for administering the State plans under parts B and E of title IV of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 621 et seq., 670 et seq.), develop and implement a plan to en-sure that the following occurs, for each child in the State, when the child moves to a new school attendance area as a result of being placed in foster care (as described in section 1442 (1)), changing foster care placements, or leaving foster care: 
‘‘(A) A
TTENDANCE AT A SCHOOL OF ORIGIN .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—The child enrolls or re-
mains in the child’s school of origin, unless a determination is made that it is in the child’s best interest to attend a different school. ″. 
‘‘(ii) L
IMITATION .—A child who leaves foster 
care shall only be entitled to remain in the child’s school of origin for the remainder of the school year. 
‘‘(B) I
MMEDIATE ENROLLMENT .—When a de-
termination is made regarding the school that it is in the best interest of a child in foster care to attend, the child shall be im-mediately enrolled in such school, even if the child is unable to produce records nor-mally required for enrollment, such as pre-vious academic records, immunization and medical records, a birth certificate, guard-ianship records, proof of residency, or other documentation. 
‘‘(C) R
ECORDS TRANSFER .—Any records or-
dinarily kept by a school, including records of immunizations, health screenings, and other required health records, academic records, birth certificates, evaluations for special services or programs, and any indi-vidualized education programs (as defined in section 602 of the Individuals with Disabil-ities Education Act (20 U.S.C. 1401)), regard-ing a child in foster care shall be— 
‘‘(i) maintained so that the records in-
volved are available, in a timely fashion, when a child in foster care enters a new school; and 
‘‘(ii) immediately transferred to the enroll-
ing school, even if the child owes fees or fines or was not withdrawn from previous schools in conformance with local with-drawal procedures. 
‘‘(2) I
MPLEMENTATION .—Each State edu-
cational agency receiving assistance under part shall ensure that the plan described in paragraph (1) is implemented by the local educational agencies in the State. 
‘‘(b) C
REDIT TRANSFER AND DIPLOMAS .— 
Each State that receives assistance under part A shall have policies for ensuring that— 
‘‘(1) a child in foster care who is changing 
schools can transfer school credits and re-ceive partial credits for coursework satisfac-torily completed while attending a prior 
school or educational program; 
‘‘(2) a child in foster care is afforded oppor-
tunities to recover school credits lost due to placement instability while in foster care; and 
‘‘(3) a child in foster care who has changed 
secondary schools can receive a secondary school diploma either from one of the schools in which the child was enrolled or through a State-issued secondary school di-ploma system, consistent with State gradua-tion requirements. 
‘‘(c) T
RANSPORTATION .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The local educational 
agency and State shall, in consultation with the local child welfare agency, develop and within one year of enactment of this act im-plement clear written procedures governing how transportation to maintain children in foster care in their school of origin when in their best interest will be provided, ar-ranged, and funded for the duration of the time in foster care and through the remain-der of the school year in which the children leave foster care. The procedures shall en-sure that children needing transportation to the school of origin will promptly receive transportation in a cost effective manner and in accordance with section 475(1)(G)of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 675(1)(G). 
‘‘(2) C
OST OF TRANSPORTATION .—Where the 
child in foster care remains in the school of origin pursuant to section 475(1)(G) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 675(1)(G)), and if there are additional costs incurred in pro-viding transportation to maintain children in their schools of origin, the local edu-cational agency will provide transportation to their school of origin if: 
‘‘(A) the local child welfare agency agrees 
to reimburse the local educational agency for the cost of such transportation; 
‘‘(B) the local educational agency agrees to 
pay for the cost of such transportation; or 
‘‘(C) the local educational agency and the 
local child welfare agency agree to share the cost of such transportation; or 
‘‘(D) T
RANSPORTATION FOR THE REMAINDER  
OF THE SCHOOL YEAR .—The local educational 
agency will provide transportation for the remainder of the academic year in which a child leaves foster care if whomever the child is returned to by the child welfare agency requests transportation and remain-ing in the school of origin is in the child’s best interest. 
‘‘(d) P
OINTS OF CONTACT .— 
‘‘(1) L OCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCIES .—A 
State that receives assistance under part A shall: 
‘‘(A) advise each local educational agency 
in the State of their option to designate an individual employed by the agency to serve as a point of contact for the child welfare agencies responsible for children in foster care enrolled in the local educational agency and that they must designate such a point of contact if any such local child welfare agen-cy provides written notice it has designated an individual employed by that agency to serve as a point of contact for the local edu-cational agency; 
‘‘(B) ensure that local educational agency 
points of contact oversee the implementa-tion of the local educational agency require-ments under this section; and 
‘‘(C) ensure that high needs local edu-
cational agencies do not designate the same individual as the point of contact for chil-dren in foster care and the local educational agency liaison under section 722(g)(1)(J)(ii) of the McKinney-Vento Homeless Assistance Act. 
‘‘(2) S
TATE EDUCATIONAL AGENCIES .— 
‘‘(A) Each State educational agency receiv-
ing assistance under part A shall designate an individual to serve as a point of contact 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:15 Feb 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27FE7.011 H27FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1412 February 27, 2015 
for child welfare agencies and to oversee the 
implementation of the State educational agency requirements under this section. 
‘‘(B) A State educational agency’s point of 
contact shall not be the individual des-ignated as the State’s Coordinator for Edu-cation of Homeless Children and Youths under section 722(d)(3) of the McKinney- Vento Homeless Assistance Act. 
‘‘SEC. 1442. DEFINITIONS. 
‘‘(a) H EADER .—In this part: 
‘‘(1) C HILD IN FOSTER CARE .—The term 
‘child in foster care’ means a child whose care and placement is the responsibility of the agency that administers a State plan under part B or E of title IV of the Social Se-curity Act (42 U.S.C. 621 et seq., 670 et seq.), without regard to whether foster care main-tenance payments are made under section 472 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 672) on behalf of the child. 
‘‘(2) S
CHOOL ATTENDANCE AREA .—The term 
‘school attendance area’ has the meaning given the term in section 1113(a)(2). 
‘‘(3) S
CHOOL OF ORIGIN .—The term ‘school of 
origin’ means, with respect to a child in fos-ter care, any of the following: 
‘‘(A) The public school in which the child 
was enrolled prior to entry into foster care. 
‘‘(B) The public school in which the child is 
enrolled when a change in foster care place-ment occurs. 
‘‘(C) The public school the child attended 
when last permanently housed, as such term is used in section 722(g)(3)(G) of the McKin-ney-Vento Homeless Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 11432(g)(3)(G)), if such child was eligi-ble for assistance under such Act before the child became a child in foster care. ″.’’. 
(b) G
UIDANCE .—Not later than 90 days after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary is directed to issue guidance on the implementation of part E of title I of this Act, including how State and local agencies will work together to ensure that transpor-tation for children in foster care is provided to the school of origin. 
SEC. 114. SCHOOL DROPOUT PREVENTION. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
Section 1803 (20 U.S.C. 6553) is amended by striking ‘‘2002’’ and inserting ‘‘2016’’. 
(b) N
ATIONAL ACTIVITIES .—Section 
1811(b)(4) (20 U.S.C. 6555(b)(4)) is amended— 
(1) in the matter preceding subparagraph 
(A), by striking ‘‘for all students’’; 
(2) in subparagraph (A)— (A) by inserting ‘‘for all students’’ before 
‘‘in that’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (3) by redesignating subparagraph (B) as 
subparagraph (C); 
(4) by inserting after subparagraph (A), as 
so amended, the following: 
‘‘(B) for students in one or more of the sub-
groups described in section 1111(c)(3)(A); or’’; and 
(5) in subparagraph (C), as so amended, by 
inserting ‘‘for all students or for students in one or more of the subgroups described in section 1111(c)(3)(A) with a higher than aver-age dropout rate’’ after ‘‘middle school,’’. 
(c) S
UBGRANTS TO LOCAL EDUCATIONAL  
AGENCIES .—Section 1822(b)(1) (20 U.S.C. 
6561a(b)(1)) is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (D), by inserting before 
the semicolon at the end the following: ‘‘, in-cluding the development of early warning in-dicator systems in middle schools, as de-scribed in section 1116(c)(5)(A)’’; and 
(2) in subparagraph (H), by inserting before 
the semicolon at the end the following: ‘‘, in-cluding the creation of individualized stu-dent success plans’’. 
(d) A
PPLICATIONS .—Section 1823(b)(1)(G) (20 
U.S.C. 6561b(b)(1)(G)) is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘about’’ and inserting ‘‘and 
evidence-based’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘reentry’’ and inserting ‘‘re-
entry programs’’. 
(e) R EPORTING AND ACCOUNTABILITY .—Sec-
tion 1830 (20 U.S.C. 6561i(a)(1)) by striking ‘‘race and ethnicity’’ and inserting ‘‘each subgroup described in section 111(c)(3)(A)’’. 
(f) P
ROHIBITED USES OF FUNDS .—Subpart 2 
of part H of title I (20 U.S.C. 6561 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 1831. PROHIBITED USES OF FUNDS. 
‘‘No funds under this part may be used 
for— 
‘‘(1) the development, establishment, im-
plementation, or enforcement of zero-toler-ance school discipline policies unless other-wise required by Federal law; or 
‘‘(2) law enforcement agencies or local po-
lice departments serving a school or local educational agency— 
‘‘(A) with substantial documented excesses 
or racial disparities in the use of exclu-sionary discipline; 
‘‘(B) operating under an open school deseg-
regation order, whether court-ordered or vol-untary; 
‘‘(C) operating under a pattern or practice 
or practice consent decree for civil rights violations; or 
‘‘(D) already receiving substantial Federal 
funds for the placement of law enforcement in schools.’’. 
TITLE II—TEACHERS AND LEADERS 
SEC. 201. GREAT TEACHERS AND LEADERS. 
Title II (20 U.S.C. 6601 et seq.) is amended 
to read as follows: 
‘‘TITLE II—GREAT TEACHERS AND 
LEADERS 
‘‘SEC. 2001. PURPOSE. 
‘‘The purpose of this title is to help States 
and local educational agencies support teachers and school leaders to improve stu-dent achievement for all students, including English learners and students with disabil-ities, by— 
‘‘(1) promoting and enhancing the teaching 
profession; 
‘‘(2) supporting the development of quali-
fied and effective of teachers and school leaders; 
‘‘(3) recruiting, rewarding, and retaining 
effective teachers and other school leaders and fostering excellent instructional teams, especially in high-need local educational agencies, schools, fields, and subjects; 
‘‘(4) providing teachers with the knowl-
edge, skills, data, support, and collaborative opportunities needed to be effective in the classroom and to the meet the diverse learn-ing needs of their students; 
‘‘(5) providing all students with access to 
effective teachers and school leaders; and 
‘‘(6) improving the management of the edu-
cation workforce in States and local edu-cational agencies. 
‘‘SEC. 2002. DEFINITIONS. 
‘‘In this title: ‘‘(1) C
AREER LADDERS .—The term ‘career 
ladders’ means promotion and professional growth opportunities, beyond moving into administration, for effective teachers, as de-termined by the State or local educational agency, including teacher leaders, instruc-tional or curriculum specialists, and teacher mentors, who help improve teaching and learning in a school or local educational agency. 
‘‘(2) H
IGH-NEED FIELD .—The term ‘high- 
need field’ refers to the fields of special edu-cation, bilingual education, and English lan-guage acquisition. 
‘‘(3) H
IGH-NEED SUBJECT .—The term ‘high- 
need subject’ means mathematics, science, and any other content area that is des-ignated by a State educational agency or the Secretary as a teacher shortage area. ‘‘(4) H
IGH-NEED LOCAL EDUCATIONAL AGEN -
CY.—The term ‘high-need local educational 
agency’ means a local educational agency— 
‘‘(A)(i) that serves not fewer than 10,000 
children from families with incomes below the poverty line; or 
‘‘(ii) for which not less than 20 percent of 
the children served by the agency are from families with incomes below the poverty line; and 
‘‘(B)(i) for which there is a high percentage 
of teachers not teaching in the academic subjects or grade levels that the teachers were trained to teach; or 
‘‘(ii) for which there is a high percentage of 
teachers with emergency, provisional, or temporary certification or licensing. 
‘‘(5) Q
UALIFIED TEACHER .—The term ‘quali-
fied teacher’ means a teacher who meets the minimum qualifications to teach in a State and— 
‘‘(A) when used with respect to a middle 
school or high school teacher who is entering the profession in a State for the first time, means that the teacher— 
‘‘(i) holds at least a bachelor’s degree; ‘‘(ii) has demonstrated to the State, con-
tent knowledge in the content area that the teacher will teach as determined— 
‘‘(I) by passing a rigorous State assess-
ment; or 
‘‘(II) by successful completion of an aca-
demic major, a graduate degree, or coursework equivalent to an undergraduate academic major in the content area that the teacher will teach; 
‘‘(iii) if required by the State to dem-
onstrate teaching skills by passing a State teacher performance assessment, has passed such assessment; and 
‘‘(iv) has successfully completed a teacher 
preparation program; or 
‘‘(v) at the State’s discretion, may be en-
rolled in an alternative teacher preparation program, and— 
‘‘(I) be on track to successful completion of 
such program; and 
‘‘(II) be supervised by a mentor teacher; ‘‘(B) when used with respect to an elemen-
tary school teacher who is entering the pro-fession in a State for the first time, means that the teacher— 
‘‘(i) holds at least a bachelor’s degree; ‘‘(ii) has demonstrated to the State, con-
tent knowledge and teaching skills in read-ing, writing, mathematics, science, and other areas of the elementary school cur-riculum— 
‘‘(I) by passing a rigorous State assessment 
or State-required test in reading, writing, mathematics, science, and other areas of the 
basic elementary school curriculum; or 
‘‘(II) by successful completion of an aca-
demic major, a graduate degree, or coursework equivalent to an undergraduate academic major in the content areas that the teacher will teach; 
‘‘(iii) if required by the State to dem-
onstrate teaching skills by passing a State teacher performance assessment, has passed such assessment; and 
‘‘(iv) has successfully completed a teacher 
preparation program; or 
‘‘(v) at the State’s discretion, may be en-
rolled in an alternative teacher preparation program; and 
‘‘(I) be on track to successful completion of 
such program; and 
‘‘(II) be supervised by a mentor teacher; 
and 
‘‘(C) means any teacher who is highly 
qualified as defined in section 9101(23) or sec-tion 602(10) of the Individuals with Disabil-ities Education Act, as such section was in effect on the day before the date of enact-ment of the Student Success Act. 
‘‘(6) I
NDUCTION .—The term ‘induction’ 
means a program for new teachers and new 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:10 Feb 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27FE7.011 H27FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1413 February 27, 2015 
school leaders, as appropriate, during at 
least their first 2 years of practice, that is designed to increase effectiveness and reten-tion of new teachers and new school leaders, and that includes— 
‘‘(A) high-quality mentoring; ‘‘(B) development of skills and knowledge 
in areas needed for new teachers, including, content knowledge and pedagogy, instruc-tional strategies for teaching students with diverse learning needs, classroom manage-ment (including strategies that improve the school-wide climate for learning, which may include positive behavioral interventions and supports), formative assessment of stu-dent learning, and the analysis and use of student assessment data to improve instruc-tion; 
‘‘(C) frequent, structured time for collabo-
ration and professional development with teachers and school leaders in the same field, grade, or subject area, and opportunities to draw directly on the expertise of other school and local educational agency staff, staff of high-performing pathways, and other organizations that provide high-quality in-duction supports; 
‘‘(D) regular and structured observation 
and feedback by mentors, school leaders, or effective teachers, as determined by the State or local educational agency; and 
‘‘(E) where feasible, team teaching, re-
duced teaching load and activities designed to ensure that teachers have appropriate teaching tools and instructional materials for their classroom. 
‘‘(7) M
ENTORING .—The term ‘mentoring’ 
means the mentoring of new teachers and school leaders, as appropriate, so as to in-crease the effectiveness and retention of those teachers and school leaders through a program that— 
‘‘(A) includes clear criteria for the selec-
tion of teacher and school leaders mentors that take into account a candidate’s effec-tiveness as a teacher or school leader and that individual’s ability to facilitate adult learning; 
‘‘(B) provides high-quality training for the 
mentors on how to support new teachers and school leaders effectively; 
‘‘(C) provides regularly scheduled time for 
collaboration and for examination of student work and achievement data, and on-going opportunities for mentors and mentees to ob-serve each other’s practice; and 
‘‘(D) matches, when possible, each mentee 
with a mentor who is in the same field, grade, or subject area as the mentee. 
‘‘(8) P
ROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT .—The 
term ‘professional development’ means co-
ordinated and aligned activities with evi-dence of increasing effectiveness of edu-cators, which may include teachers, prin-cipals, other school leaders, specialized in-structional support personnel, paraprofes-sionals, early childhood educators, and other school staff that— 
‘‘(A) fosters collective responsibility for 
improved student performance; 
‘‘(B) is comprised of professional learning 
that— 
‘‘(i) aligns with State academic content 
and achievement standards and early learn-ing standards, as appropriate, with local edu-cational agency and school improvement goals and plans, including those identified under section 1116, and with school instruc-tional materials; 
‘‘(ii) is aligned to a teacher and school 
leader evaluation system, where applicable; 
‘‘(iii) is conducted among educators at the 
school and facilitated by trained school lead-ers and school-based professional develop-ment coaches, mentors, master teachers, or other teacher leaders; 
‘‘(iv) supports family engagement in their 
children’s education; ‘‘(v) primarily occurs frequently and dur-
ing significant blocks of time among estab-lished teams of teachers, school leaders, and other instructional staff members where the teams of educators engage in a continuous cycle of improvement that— 
‘‘(I) defines a clear set of educator learning 
goals based on the rigorous analysis of data and improves content knowledge, peda-gogical skills, and the ability to analyze and use data; 
‘‘(II) achieves the educator learning goals 
identified under subclause (I) by imple-menting coherent, sustained, and evidence- based learning strategies, such as lesson study and the development of formative as-sessments, that improve instructional effec-tiveness and student achievement; 
‘‘(III) provides job-embedded coaching or 
other forms of assistance to support the transfer of new knowledge and skills to the 
classroom; 
‘‘(IV) regularly assesses the effectiveness 
of the professional development in achieving identified learning goals, improving teach-ing, and assisting all students in meeting challenging State academic achievement standards; 
‘‘(V) informs ongoing improvements in 
teaching and student learning; 
‘‘(VI) may support joint professional devel-
opment activities for school staff and early childhood educators that address the transi-tion to elementary school, including issues related to school readiness across all major domains of early learning; and 
‘‘(VII) may be supported by external assist-
ance with relevant expertise, including con-tent expertise; and 
‘‘(C) may be supplemented by activities 
such as courses, workshops, institutes, net-works, and conferences that— 
‘‘(i) address the academic goals and objec-
tives established for professional develop-ment by educators and school leaders at the school level; 
‘‘(ii) advance the ongoing school-based pro-
fessional development; and 
‘‘(iii) are provided for by for-profit and 
non-profit entities outside the school such as universities, education service agencies, technical assistance providers, networks of content-area specialists, and other education organizations and associations. 
‘‘(9) S
CHOOL LEADER .—The term ‘school 
leader’ means a principal, an assistant prin-cipal, administrator or director, or an indi-vidual who is— 
‘‘(A) an employee or officer of a school; and ‘‘(B) is responsible for managerial oper-
ations, instructional leadership, or inter-scholastic athletic programs of that school. 
‘‘(10) S
CHOOL LEADERSHIP TEAM .—The term 
‘school leadership team’ means a group that includes the principal, other school leaders, and teachers at a school who work together to develop school plans or goals for the school. 
‘‘(11) S
TATE TEACHER PERFORMANCE ASSESS -
MENT .—The term ‘State-teacher performance 
assessment’ means a rigorous assessment used to measure teacher performance that is developed and approved in collaboration with teachers, and administered by the State and— 
‘‘(A) is based on professional teaching 
standards; 
‘‘(B) are aligned to State academic content 
and achievement and early learning stand-ards; 
‘‘(C) is used to document the effectiveness 
of a teacher’s— 
‘‘(i) curriculum planning; ‘‘(ii) instruction of students, including ap-
propriate supports for students who are English learners and students who are chil-dren with disabilities; and ‘‘(iii) assessment of students, including 
analysis of evidence of student learning; 
‘‘(D) is validated based on professional as-
sessment standards; 
‘‘(E) is regularly monitored to ensure the 
quality, reliability, validity, fairness, con-sistency, and objectivity of the evaluators’ determinations; 
‘‘(F) is reliably scored by trained eval-
uators with appropriate oversight of the process to ensure consistency; and 
‘‘(G) the results of which are used to sup-
port continuous improvement of educator practice. 
‘‘(12) T
EACHING RESIDENCY PROGRAM .—The 
term ‘teaching residency program’ means a school-based teacher preparation program in which a prospective teacher— 
‘‘(A) teaches alongside a mentor teacher, 
who is the teacher of record, for at least one year; 
‘‘(B) receives concurrent instruction in the 
teaching of the content area in which the teacher will become certified or licensed; 
‘‘(C) receives concurrent instruction in ef-
fective teaching skills; and 
‘‘(D) attains full State teacher certifi-
cation or licensure, and becomes qualified prior to, or upon, completion of the program. 
‘‘(13) E
VIDENCE OF CLASSROOM PRACTICE .— 
The term ‘evidence of classroom practice’ means evidence gathered through multiple formats and from multiple sources that dem-onstrate effective teaching skills and— 
‘‘(A) shall include— ‘‘(i) multiple classroom observations based 
on rigorous teacher performance standards or rubrics and conducted by trained per-sonnel; 
‘‘(ii) information on the teacher’s success-
ful use of data to improve instruction and demonstrate evidence of student learning; 
‘‘(iii) student work, lesson plans, feedback 
provided to students and teacher developed classroom assessments; 
‘‘(iv) demonstration of professional respon-
sibility; and 
‘‘(B) may include, but which shall have a 
weight that is less than the weight assigned to the requirements described in subpara-graph (A)— 
‘‘(i) videos of teacher practice; ‘‘(ii) teacher portfolios; and ‘‘(iii) parent, student, and peer feedback. ‘‘(14) E
VIDENCE OF SCHOOL LEADERSHIP .— 
The term ‘evidence of school leadership’ means evidence gathered through multiple formats and from multiple sources that shall include an evaluation of— 
‘‘(A) data on student learning gains, in-
cluding evidence of student learning; 
‘‘(B) gains in student achievement, includ-
ing passage of required exams for course pro-gression, credit accumulation, completion of promotion standards, and graduation rates; 
‘‘(C) increases in student attendance rates; ‘‘(D) percentage of effective teachers on 
staff; 
‘‘(E) retention rates of effective teachers as 
determined by the State or local educational agency; 
‘‘(F) evidence of successful alignment of 
teacher evaluation with professional devel-opment and teacher support; 
‘‘(G) demonstration of instructional lead-
ership, including use of data and assessment to inform decision-making; 
‘‘(H) demonstration of effective fiscal man-
agement, where applicable; 
‘‘(I) evidence of effective community and 
parent engagement; 
‘‘(J) improved teacher attendance rates; ‘‘(K) establishment of learning commu-
nities where school leaders and teachers— 
‘‘(i) share a school mission and goals with 
an explicit vision of quality teaching and learning that guides all instructional deci-sions; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:10 Feb 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27FE7.011 H27FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1414 February 27, 2015 
‘‘(ii) commit to improving student out-
comes and performances; 
‘‘(iii) set a continuous cycle of collective 
inquiry and improvement; 
‘‘(iv) foster a culture of collaboration 
where teachers and school leaders work to-gether on a regular basis to analyze and im-prove teaching and learning; and 
‘‘(v) support and share leadership; and ‘‘(L) develop and maintain a positive 
school culture where students, teachers and other staff are motivated to collaborate and work together to achieve goals. 
‘‘(15) E
VIDENCE OF STUDENT LEARNING .—The 
term ‘evidence of student learning’ means data that shall be based on multiple, valid and reliable indicators of student academic growth towards State content and achieve-ment standards, which shall be based signifi-cantly on— 
‘‘(A) student learning gains on the State 
student academic assessments under section 1111(c) and, for grades and subjects not cov-ered by the State’s student academic assess-ments, another valid and reliable assessment of student academic achievement, as long as the assessment is used consistently by the local educational agency for the grade or class for which the assessment is adminis-tered; and 
‘‘(B) other evidence of student learning 
that is comparable across schools within an local educational agency such as— 
‘‘(i) formative and summative assessments; ‘‘(ii) objective performance-based assess-
ments; and 
‘‘(iii) representative samples of student 
work, including progress towards perform-ance standards and evidence of student growth. 
‘‘(16) M
ENTOR PRINCIPAL .—The term ‘men-
tor principal’ means an individual with— 
‘‘(A) Strong instructional leadership skills 
in an elementary school or secondary school setting; 
‘‘(B) Strong verbal and written commu-
nication skills, which may be demonstrated by performance on appropriate assessments; and 
‘‘(C) Knowledge and skills to— ‘‘(i) establish and maintain a professional 
learning community that effectively utilizes data to improve the school culture and per-sonalize instruction to increase student achievement; 
‘‘(ii) create and maintain a learning cul-
ture within the school that provides a cli-mate conducive to the development of all members of the school community, including one of continuous learning for adults tied to student learning and other school goals; 
‘‘(iii) engage in continuous professional de-
velopment, utilizing a combination of aca-demic study, developmental simulation exer-cises, self-reflection, mentorship and intern-ship; 
‘‘(iv) understand youth development appro-
priate to the age level served by the school and from this knowledge sets high expecta-tions and standards for the academic, social, emotional and physical development of all students; and 
‘‘(v) actively engage the community to cre-
ate shared responsibility for student aca-demic performance and successful develop-ment. 
‘‘PART A—EFFECTIVE TEACHER AND 
LEADER STATE GRANTS 
‘‘SEC. 2101. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIA-
TIONS. 
‘‘There are authorized to be appropriated 
$3,500,000,000 for fiscal year 2016, and such sums as may be necessary for each of the 5 succeeding fiscal years, to carry out this part. ‘‘Subpart 1—Grants to States 
‘‘SEC. 2111. ALLOCATIONS TO STATES. 
‘‘(a) R ESERVATIONS .—From the amounts 
made available under section 2101 for this subpart for each fiscal year, the Secretary shall reserve— 
‘‘(1) one-half of one percent for the out-
lying areas, to be distributed among the out-lying areas on the basis of their relative need, as determined by the Secretary, for ac-tivities consistent with the purposes of this title; 
‘‘(2) one-half of one percent for the Sec-
retary of the Interior, for activities, con-sistent with the purposes of this title de-scribed in section 2001, in schools operated by or funded by the Bureau of Indian Edu-cation; and 
‘‘(3) one-half of one percent for a competi-
tive grant program to encourage consortia of States to develop instructional supports aligned to new college- and career-ready standards that are made widely available to all States and local educational agencies. 
‘‘(b) A
LLOTMENTS TO STATES , R EDUC -
TIONS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—From the amounts made 
available under section 2101 for this subpart for each fiscal year that remain after the Secretary reserves funds under subsection (a) of this section, the Secretary shall allot to each State with an approved application under section 2112 the sum of— 
‘‘(A) an amount that bears the same rela-
tionship to 35 percent of the remaining amount as the number of individuals age five through 17 in the State, as determined by the Secretary on the basis of the most recent satisfactory data, bears to the number of those individuals in all such States, as so de-termined; and 
‘‘(B) an amount that bears the same rela-
tionship to 65 percent of the remaining amount as the number of individuals age five through 17 from families with incomes below the poverty line, in the State, as determined by the Secretary on the basis of the most re-cent satisfactory data, bears to the number of those individuals in all such States, as so determined. 
‘‘(2) F
ISCAL YEAR 2016 .—Notwithstanding 
paragraph (1), for fiscal year 2016, no State shall receive less than 90 percent of the State’s allocation under this part for fiscal year 2015, as such part was in effect on the day before the date of enactment of the Stu-dent Success Act. 
‘‘(3) S
UCCEEDING FISCAL YEARS .—Notwith-
standing paragraph (1), for fiscal year 2016 and each succeeding fiscal year, no State shall receive an allotment under paragraph (1) that is less than 90 percent of the State’s allotment under such paragraph for the pre-ceding fiscal year. 
‘‘(c) R
ATABLE REDUCTIONS .—If the funds 
made available to carry out paragraph (1) of subsection (b) are insufficient to pay the full amounts that all States are eligible to re-ceive under subparagraph (2) or (3) of such subsection for any fiscal year, the Secretary shall ratably reduce each such amount for such fiscal year. 
‘‘(d) R
EALLOTMENTS .—If any State does not 
apply for an allotment under this section, or has its application disapproved by the Sec-retary, the Secretary shall reallot the amount of that State’s allotment to the re-maining States that have approved applica-tions in accordance with this subpart. 
‘‘SEC. 2112. STATE APPLICATIONS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—For a State to be eligi-
ble to receive a grant under this part, the State educational agency shall submit an ap-plication to the Secretary at such time, in such manner, and containing such informa-tion as the Secretary may reasonably re-quire. The Secretary shall provide the State educational agency with the opportunity to 
apply for funds under this part and part B through a consolidated application. 
‘‘(b) C
ONTENTS .—Each application sub-
mitted under this section shall include the following— 
‘‘(1) descriptions of any systems of teacher 
and principal evaluation in the State, in-cluding whether each system— 
‘‘(A) is designed primarily to— ‘‘(i) increase student learning and improve 
instruction for students; 
‘‘(ii) inform professional development for 
teachers and school leaders and support interventions for students; and 
‘‘(iii) provide on-going and timely, indi-
vidual and meaningful feedback, and sub-stantive support to the teacher or school leader; 
‘‘(B) is developed, implemented, and adopt-
ed in collaboration with teachers, school leaders, and other education stakeholders; 
‘‘(C) includes— ‘‘(i) multiple measures of teacher and 
school leader performance, including— 
‘‘(I) in the case of teachers, evidence of 
classroom practice; and 
‘‘(II) in the case of school leaders, evidence 
of school leadership and effective and effi-cient school program administration; 
‘‘(ii) evidence of student learning; ‘‘(iii) contributions to student growth in-
cluding higher order thinking skills, citizen-ship, and social and emotional development; and 
‘‘(iv) differentiated levels of teacher and 
school leader performance that are clearly articulated; 
‘‘(D) provides results that are comparable 
and consistent across all teachers and school leaders within a local educational agency consistent with section 2301 that reflect the ages and grades being taught and consistent within individual grade levels and subject areas in each local educational agency; 
‘‘(E) evaluates, annually, each teacher and 
school leader in the local educational agency and takes into consideration the experience and performance level of the teacher or school leader; 
‘‘(F) uses evaluation results to inform— ‘‘(i) professional improvement plans for 
teachers and school leaders, which shall be developed in collaboration with teachers and school leaders, that are appropriate to the level of the individual being evaluated, in-cluding support and timelines to carry out each plan; and 
‘‘(ii) comprehensive support, mentoring, 
interventions and timelines to carry out each plan; and 
‘‘(G) establishes appropriate training for 
evaluators and staff being evaluated includ-ing— 
‘‘(i) a clear articulation of the evaluation 
system and the process, systems, ratings, and the implications of the results provided to teachers and school leaders; 
‘‘(ii) how the system provides teachers and 
principals the opportunity and assistance to improve consistent with subparagraph (F)(i); and 
‘‘(iii) how to identify working conditions 
that affect teaching and learning, such as fa-cilities and resources, and school climate and safety, and isolating educator impact on student outcomes from these factors; 
‘‘(2) a description of how the State edu-
cational agency will ensure that within 4 years of the date of enactment of the Stu-dent Success Act, each local educational agency in the State that receives a subgrant under subpart 2 makes public the results of an evaluation system if applicable; 
‘‘(3) a description of how, within 2 years of 
the date of enactment of the Student Suc-cess Act, each local educational agency in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:10 Feb 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27FE7.011 H27FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1415 February 27, 2015 
the State that receives a subgrant under sub-
part 2 shall conduct an annual assessment of educator support and working conditions that— 
‘‘(A) evaluates supports for teachers, lead-
ers, and other school personnel, such as— 
‘‘(i) teacher and school leader perceptions 
of availability of high-quality professional development and instructional materials and opportunities for collaboration; 
‘‘(ii) timely availability of data on student 
academic achievement and growth; 
‘‘(iii) the presence of high-quality instruc-
tional leadership; and 
‘‘(iv) opportunities for professional growth 
such as career ladders and mentoring and in-duction programs; 
‘‘(B) evaluates working conditions for 
teachers, school leaders and other school personnel, such as— 
‘‘(i) school climate; ‘‘(ii) school safety; ‘‘(iii) class size; ‘‘(iv) availability and use of common plan-
ning time and opportunities to collaborate; and 
‘‘(v) family and community engagement; ‘‘(C) is developed with teachers, school 
leaders and other school personnel, parents, students, and the community; 
‘‘(D) develops and implements a plan with 
the groups described in subparagraph (C) and with, at a minimum, annual benchmarks to address the results of the assessment carried described in this paragraph; and 
‘‘(E) publicly reports on the results of the 
evaluations described in subparagraph (A) and (B) and the plan described in subpara-graph (C); 
‘‘(4) a description of the educator supports 
the State has developed to assist in the im-plementation of new college- and career- ready standards, as described in section 1111(b)(2), including the State’s plan for mak-ing those supports available to its local edu-cational agencies and for prioritizing the in-troduction of those supports, in conjunction with the appropriate local educational agen-cy, into the State’s lowest performing schools; 
‘‘(5) a description of how a State will de-
velop and implement a plan for the equitable distribution of teachers and principals that— 
‘‘(A) low-income and minority students are 
not— 
‘‘(i) taught at higher rates than are other 
students by teachers not deemed qualified or who are rated in the lowest evaluation cat-egories, where applicable; and 
‘‘(ii) assigned at higher rates than are 
other students to schools administered by 
principals who have been rated in the lowest evaluation rating categories, where applica-ble; 
‘‘(B) includes— ‘‘(i) percentage of effective teachers, as de-
termined by the State or local educational agency, for schools in the top quartile of poverty against the schools in the bottom quartile of poverty; 
‘‘(ii) percentage of effective teachers, as 
determined by the State or local educational agency, for schools in the top quartile in per-centage of minority students against the bottom quartile of percentage of minority students; 
‘‘(iii) specific and measurable goals and 
strategies to close gaps identified in the plan; and 
‘‘(C) uses a combined measure of indicators 
such as a composite to carry out the plan de-scribed in this paragraph that— 
‘‘(i) shall include— ‘‘(I) the percentage of first year teachers; 
and 
‘‘(II) the percentage of qualified teachers; 
and 
‘‘(ii) may include— ‘‘(I) with respect to middle schools and 
high schools, the percentage of core aca-demic courses taught by teachers who have met State licensure requirements for such courses; 
‘‘(II) the percentage of teachers whose li-
censure exam scores fall one standard devi-ation above passing score of teachers within the State; 
‘‘(III) the percent of teachers with more 
than 10 absences over the course of the school year; and 
‘‘(IV) the percentage of teachers hired after 
the first day of school; 
‘‘(6) the State definition of teacher-of- 
record, how local educational agencies re-port to the State on the teacher-of-record, and how the definition is used to ensure eq-uitable distribution of effective and highly effective teachers; 
‘‘(7) a description of how the State edu-
cational agency will develop and implement professional development that prepares teachers and school leaders to support, edu-cate, and properly implement accommoda-tions for students with disabilities; 
‘‘(8) a description of how the State will es-
tablish and maintain a data system that within 3 years after the date of enactment of the Student Success Act— 
‘‘(A) supports data sharing among local 
educational agencies and a teacher and school leader preparation program described in section 200(6)(A)(IV) of the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965, as amended by section 202 of the Student Success Act, on the program’s graduates’ students’, which may include data on evidence of student learning; and 
‘‘(B) publically reports the percentage of 
effective teachers and school leaders, as de-termined by the State or local educational agency, by preparation program; 
‘‘(9) a description of the State’s plan to— ‘‘(A) implement the plan within the re-
quired timelines, including annual bench-marks for implementation; and 
‘‘(B) report annually to the Secretary on 
its progress implementing the plan and meeting annual benchmarks outlined under subparagraph (A); 
‘‘(10) the State’s definition of, or standards 
and criteria for— 
‘‘(A) a qualified teacher; and ‘‘(B) an effective teacher; ‘‘(11) a description of any performance 
measures in addition to those described in subpart 4 that the State will use to measure the performance of the State and of each local educational agency that receives a subgrant under subpart 2; and 
‘‘(12) a description of how the State will 
carry out the activities outlined in section 2113. 
‘‘(c) C
OMPLIANCE AND DISAPPROVAL .—If the 
Secretary finds that a State’s application does not comply in whole or in part with the requirements of this subpart, the Secretary shall— 
‘‘(1) notify the State regarding the specific 
provisions in the application that do not comply with the requirements of this sub-part; 
‘‘(2) request any additional information 
needed to determine whether the application will comply with the requirements of this subpart; and 
‘‘(3) before disapproving the application, 
give the State notice and an opportunity for a hearing. 
‘‘SEC. 2113. STATE USES OF FUNDS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—A State that receives a 
grant under this subpart shall use— 
‘‘(1) 90 percent of the grant funds to award 
subgrants under subpart 2 to local edu-cational agencies with approved applications under section 2122; 
‘‘(2) not more than 5 percent of the grant 
funds, to plan and administer the activities of the State under this subpart, including 
the awarding of the subgrants under subpart 2 and the monitoring and enforcement of the requirements for the subgrants, including de-veloping or improving any teacher and prin-cipal evaluation systems that are based in part on evidence of student learning and other measures determined by the State. 
‘‘(3) at least 2 percent of the grant funds to 
activities designed to recruit, support, and retain effective principals for high-need and low-performing schools, such as— 
‘‘(A) strengthening principal preparation 
programs to ensure that they are highly se-lective, include in-depth residency for at least one year or field-based experience in a high-need or low-performing school, and pro-vide induction or other support for at least the first year of a principal’s service, includ-ing coaching from a mentor principal in in-structional leadership and organizational 
management; 
‘‘(B) provide training in school and per-
sonnel management, including management of the organization, staff and resources, de-veloping a school climate and instructional program, developing effective relationships with community and parents, and using stu-dent-level and school level-data to inform decision-making; 
‘‘(C) training on child development, im-
proving instruction and closing achievement gaps; 
‘‘(D) providing compensation incentives to 
attract, retain, and reward effective prin-cipals and other school leaders for high-need and low-performing schools; 
‘‘(E) developing teacher career ladders 
with a performance-based selection process that distribute school leadership responsibil-ities and develop a pipeline of individuals who gain the experience necessary to become an effective principal; and 
‘‘(F) activities to improve the effectiveness 
of school superintendents, principal super-visors, human resources directors, and other local educational agency managers; and 
‘‘(4) use any remaining funds reserved at 
the State level to— 
‘‘(A) carry out any other activities de-
signed to help the State make progress to-ward carrying out the purposes of this title and showing improvement on the perform-ance measures described in subpart 4 and any additional measures described in the State’s application, including activities designed to— 
‘‘(i) align the State’s professional teaching 
standards, teacher and school leader certifi-cation or licensure requirements, teacher- preparation programs, and professional-de-velopment requirements with kindergarten- through-grade-12 academic content and achievement standards that build toward college-and-career-readiness; 
‘‘(ii) reform teacher and school leader com-
pensation, including by modifying policies and practices and providing technical assist-ance to local educational agencies, in order to enable those agencies to recruit, reward, and retain effective teachers and school lead-ers in high-need schools, fields, subjects, and areas; 
‘‘(iii) support the training of teachers, 
principals, and other school leaders in meet-ing the diverse learning needs of their stu-dents, including through universal design for learning, as described in section 5429(b)(21), and multi-tiered system of supports and lan-guage acquisition instruction; 
‘‘(iv) support the training of teachers, prin-
cipals, and other school leaders in effectively integrating technology (including tech-nology for students with disabilities) into curricula and instruction and in how to use technology for on-line communication and for collaboration and data analysis; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:10 Feb 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27FE7.011 H27FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1416 February 27, 2015 
‘‘(v) strengthen human resource systems in 
local educational agencies to recruit, train, hire, and place individuals who are or are most likely to be effective teachers and prin-cipals, provide effective teachers and prin-cipals with support and development oppor-tunities focused on increasing student achievement, and retain effective teachers and school leaders over time by creating school environments that enable excellent teaching including through strategies such as distributed leadership, time for collabora-tion and use of student data for job-embed-ded professional development; 
‘‘(vi) develop and provide professional de-
velopment, including through joint profes-sional development opportunities, for early childhood educators, teachers, principals, specialized instructional support personnel, and other school leaders; 
‘‘(vii) provide professional development for 
teachers and school leaders in the State to support, educate, and properly implement accommodations for students with disabil-ities; 
‘‘(viii) develop and implement policies and 
practices that position the State to be a competitive applicant for grants under part B of this title; 
‘‘(ix) support the training of teachers, prin-
cipals, and other school leaders on how to ac-celerate the learning of students who are performing below grade level; and 
‘‘(x) provide professional development for 
teachers, principals and other school leaders in early elementary grades that includes spe-cialized knowledge about child development and learning, developmentally-appropriate curricula and teaching practices, meaningful family engagement and collaboration with early care and education programs; 
‘‘(B) provide technical assistance, as nec-
essary, to each local educational agency that receives a subgrant under subpart 2, in order to help the local educational agency improve performance on the measures described in subpart 4; 
‘‘(C) establish policies and practices to en-
sure the quality of the data reported under this part and the effectiveness of the meth-ods used to analyze those data; and 
‘‘(D) develop and disseminate the State re-
port card required under subpart 4, and use the information in the report card to guide efforts under this title. 
‘‘(b) S
UPPLEMENT , NOTSUPPLANT .—Funds 
received under this subpart shall be used to supplement, and not supplant, non-Federal funds that would otherwise be used for ac-tivities authorized under this subpart. 
‘‘Subpart 2—Subgrants to Local Educational 
Agencies 
‘‘SEC. 2121. SUBGRANTS TO LOCAL EDUCATIONAL 
AGENCIES. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Each State educational 
agency that receives an allocation under subpart 1 shall allocate to each local edu-cational agency in the State that has an ap-plication approved by the State under sec-tion 2122 the sum of— 
‘‘(1) the amount that bears the same rela-
tionship to 20 percent of the amount allo-cated to the State educational agency as the number of individuals age 5 through 17 in the geographic area served by the agency, as de-termined by the Secretary on the basis of the most recent satisfactory data, bears to the number of those individuals in the geo-graphic areas served by all such local edu-cational agencies in the State, as so deter-mined; and 
‘‘(2) the amount that bears the same rela-
tionship to 80 percent of the amount allo-cated to the State educational agency as the number of individuals age 5 through 17 from families with incomes below the poverty line in the geographic area served by the agency, as determined by the Secretary on the basis 
of the most recent satisfactory data, bears to the number of those individuals in the geo-graphic areas served by all such local edu-cational agencies in the State, as so deter-mined. 
‘‘(b) M
INIMUM ALLOTMENTS .— 
‘‘(1) F ISCAL YEAR 2016 .—For fiscal year 2016, 
no local educational agency shall receive an allocation under subsection (a) that is less than 90 percent of the allocation the local educational agency received under this part for fiscal year 2015, as this part was in effect on the day before the date of enactment of 
the Student Success Act. 
‘‘(2) S
UBSEQUENT FISCAL YEARS .—For fiscal 
year 2017 and each succeeding fiscal year, no local educational agency receiving an allot-ment under subsection (a) shall receive less than 90 percent of the allotment the local educational agency received under this sub-part for the preceding fiscal year. 
‘‘(c) R
ATABLE REDUCTION .—If the funds de-
scribed in subsection (a) are insufficient to pay the full amounts that all local edu-cational agencies are eligible to receive under subsection (b) for any fiscal year, the State shall ratably reduce such amounts for such fiscal year. 
‘‘SEC. 2122. LOCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCY NEEDS 
ASSESSMENT AND APPLICATIONS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—To receive a subgrant 
under this subpart a local educational agen-cy shall— 
‘‘(1) submit an application to the State 
educational agency involved at such time, in such manner, and containing such informa-tion and assurances as the State educational agency may reasonably require; and 
‘‘(2) conduct, in developing its application, 
and with the involvement of teachers, prin-cipals, and other stakeholders, as applicable, an assessment of educator support and work-ing conditions consistent with section 2112(b)(3), in the areas set forth under the performance measures described in subpart 4, identified under the school improvement plans under section 1116, as applicable, and the needs of schools receiving funds under title I. 
‘‘(b) C
ONTENTS .—Each application sub-
mitted under this section shall include— 
‘‘(1) a description of— ‘‘(A) the results of the needs assessment 
conducted under subsection (a)(2); 
‘‘(B) the performance measures and activi-
ties the local educational agency will use to address the needs identified under the assess-ment; 
‘‘(C) the local educational agency’s plan 
for using the subgrant under this subpart, and other local, State, and Federal funds, to ensure the equitable distribution of teachers and principals, within the local educational agency so that low-income and minority stu-dents are not— 
‘‘(i) taught at higher rates than are other 
students by teachers not deemed qualified and who are not effective, as determined by the State or local educational agency; 
‘‘(ii) assigned to schools administered by 
principals who not effective, as determined by the State or local educational agency, at higher rates than other students within the local educational agency; 
‘‘(D) the local educational agency’s plan 
for using the subgrant under this subpart to support teachers in meeting the diverse learning needs of all their students, includ-ing through universal design for learning, as described in section 5429(b)(21), and multi- tiered system of supports and language ac-quisition; and 
‘‘(E) a description of the educator supports 
the local educational agency will provide to assist with the implementation of new college- and career-ready standards and early learning standards, including the local educational agency’s plan for prioritizing the 
introduction of those supports in its lowest performing schools; 
‘‘(F) a description of how the local edu-
cational agency will, as appropriate, involve in the delivery of activities and services under this part, external providers that have demonstrated expertise and experience in using evidence-based strategies and pro-grams to deliver evidence-based professional development and to raise the quality of teaching and school leadership; and 
‘‘(2) an assurance that, within 5 years of re-
ceiving a subgrant under this subpart, the local educational agency will— 
‘‘(A) conduct a second needs assessment, 
with the involvement of teachers, principals, and other stakeholders, as applicable, in the areas set forth in subpart 4 and identified in plans under section 1116, as applicable, par-ticularly the needs of schools receiving funds under title I; and 
‘‘(B) submit a revised application to the 
State, consistent with the requirements of this section. 
‘‘SEC. 2123. LOCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCY USES 
OF FUNDS. 
‘‘(a) U SE OF FUNDS .—Subject to the re-
quirements of the State consistent with sec-tion 2112(a), a local educational agency that receives a subgrant under this subpart shall, directly, or with other local educational agencies or the State educational agency, use the subgrant funds for activities de-signed to increase academic achievement for all students, including English learners and students with disabilities, by increasing the number and percentage of effective teachers and principals, as determined by the State or local educational agency, and to ensure the equitable distribution of effective teachers and school leaders through activities that— 
‘‘(1) develop and implement, or improve, 
where applicable, a teacher and principal evaluation system; 
‘‘(2) provide meaningful feedback to teach-
ers and principals on evaluation results, where applicable, and use those results in making decisions, including about profes-sional development; 
‘‘(3) recruit teachers who are qualified and 
teachers and principals who are effective, as determined by the State or local educational agency, especially teachers and principals who are needed for high-need and low-per-forming schools and high-need fields and sub-jects, including teachers and principals who come from underrepresented backgrounds; 
‘‘(4) implement the assessment of educator 
support and working conditions in accord-ance with section 2112(b)(3); 
‘‘(5) implement the local educational agen-
cy’s plan for ensuring the equitable distribu-tion of effective teachers and principals, as determined by the State or local educational agency, who have been rated by the teacher and principal evaluation system as at least effective; 
‘‘(6) develop and implement an induction 
program that is designed to increase the ef-fectiveness of new teachers and retain effec-tive teachers, especially in high-need and low-performing schools, such as a program that provides reduced teaching assignments for new teachers, training for instructional coaches or mentors who will participate in induction activities, access to on-line sup-port systems, and frequent feedback to pro-mote continuous learning and instructional improvement; 
‘‘(7) work toward reducing class size for 
kindergarten through third grade by an amount and to a level consistent with what research has found to improve student aca-demic achievement at a minimum in the schools in the lowest quartile of poverty in the local educational agency; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:10 Feb 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27FE7.011 H27FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1417 February 27, 2015 
‘‘(8) improve within-school equity in the 
distribution of effective teachers, as deter-mined by the State or local educational agency, so that low-income and minority students are not taught at higher rates than are other students by teachers rated in one of the two lowest evaluation rating cat-egories, where applicable; 
‘‘(9) plan and administer activities carried 
out under this subpart, including other ac-tivities to improve effectiveness and the eq-uity of distribution as required in accord-ance with the local educational agency’s needs assessments under subsection (a)(2); 
‘‘(10) develop a plan to expand and improve 
the capacity of the local educational agency to recruit, select, train, evaluate, and de-velop effective staff, teachers, school leaders, and school leader managers to work at or with schools identified for improvement under section 1116; 
‘‘(11) develop and implement professional 
development, including to assist teachers in supporting, educating, and properly imple-menting accommodations for students with different learning styles, particularly stu-dents with disabilities, English learners, and gifted and talented students; 
‘‘(12) develop a plan to improve the man-
agement of school leaders and to address the barriers in schools served by the local edu-cational agency; 
‘‘(13) recruit, train, and support teacher 
leaders or principals for high-need schools; and 
‘‘(14) provide meaningful support to prin-
cipals and their instructional leadership teams. 
‘‘(b) S
UPPLEMENT , NOTSUPPLANT .—Funds 
received under this subpart shall be used to supplement, and not supplant, non-Federal funds that would otherwise be used for ac-tivities authorized under this subpart. 
‘‘(c) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
this subpart shall be construed to require a local educational agency to transfer school personnel in order to comply with the re-quirements of this part. 
‘‘Subpart 3—National Leadership Activities 
‘‘SEC. 2131. NATIONAL LEADERSHIP ACTIVITIES. 
‘‘From the funds made available under sec-
tion 2101 for this subpart for any fiscal year, the Secretary may to reserve up to 3 percent for research, development, technical assist-ance, outreach, and dissemination activities, carried out either directly or through grants, contracts, or cooperative agreements. Such activities may include— 
‘‘(1) activities to strengthen teacher and 
principal evaluation, including establishing a national center to gather, provide bench-marks on, and disseminate best practices and provide technical assistance on teacher and principal evaluation so as to support States and local educational agencies in de-veloping robust and reliable evaluation sys-tems that take evidence of student learning, as defined in section 2002(15) into account; 
‘‘(2) direct assistance to nonprofit organi-
zations to enhance their support for local educational agencies and schools, including to community-based organizations that can support multiple local educational agencies in strengthening their teacher and principal pipelines and human-resource practices and provide professional enhancement activities, including advanced credentialing and high- quality, sustained professional development targeted to low-performing schools; 
‘‘(3) activities to support development of a 
leadership academy to train school leaders in effective school management and instruc-tional leadership, with a primary focus on turning around low-performing schools, in-cluding— 
‘‘(A) effective management of the organiza-
tion, staff, and resources; ‘‘(B) developing a school climate and in-
structional program and related evidence- based professional development aligned to the needs of the students and school; 
‘‘(C) effective relationships with commu-
nity and parents; and 
‘‘(D) using student-level and school level- 
data to inform decision-making; 
‘‘(4) activities to strengthen evaluation of 
superintendents including developing model evaluations; and 
‘‘(5) activities to support pay for success 
initiatives to meet the purposes of this part. 
‘‘Subpart 4—Accountability 
‘‘SEC. 2141. EQUITY ACCOUNTABILITY. 
‘‘(a) S TATE REQUIREMENTS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Each State that receives 
a grant under subpart 1 shall— 
‘‘(A) in a case in which the comparisons 
conducted under section 2112(b)(5) of the State plan indicate the inequalities de-scribed in paragraph (2) with respect to high- poverty and high-minority local educational agencies— 
‘‘(i) in consultation with the local edu-
cational agencies in the State, established 2, 4 and 5 year improvement goals that will substantially reduce or eliminate the inequi-ties in the schools of such high-poverty and high-minority local educational agencies; and 
‘‘(ii) establish a support plan to assist such 
high-poverty and high-minority local edu-cational agencies meet such improvement goals; and 
‘‘(B) in a case in which a high-poverty and 
high-minority local educational agency has not achieved the 2-year improvement goals established under subparagraph (A)(i), use 2.5 percent of the grant funds received under subpart 2 to carry out the activities de-scribed in subparagraph (A). 
‘‘(2) I
NEQUALITIES .—The inequalities de-
scribed in this paragraph are as follows: 
‘‘(A) Students in high poverty and high mi-
nority local educational agencies in the State were being taught at higher rates by teachers rated in the lowest two quartiles based on the combined measure established under section 2112(b)(5)(C) compared to stu-dents in low poverty and low minority local educational agencies in the State. 
‘‘(B) Students in high poverty and high mi-
nority local educational agencies are being taught at higher rates by teachers who are not effective as determined by the State or local educational agency, as compared to students in low poverty and low minority local educational agencies. 
‘‘(b) L
OCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCY REQUIRE -
MENTS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (3), 
a high-poverty or high-minority local edu-cational agency described in paragraph (2) and with respect to which a State estab-lished improvement goals under subsection (a)(1)(A)(i), shall— 
‘‘(A) in a case in which the local edu-
cational agency fails to meet its 2 year im-provement goals established under such sub-section, use all funds made available through the subgrant to carry out the activities de-scribed in section 2112(b)(5); 
‘‘(B) in a case in which the local edu-
cational agency fails to meet its 4 year im-provement goals established under such sub-section— 
‘‘(i) receive a subgrant from the State 
under subpart 2 equal to not more than 50 percent of the subgrant received by the local educational agency in the preceding year under such subpart; and 
‘‘(ii) make non-Federal contributions in an 
amount equal to not less than the Federal funds provided under the subgrant; and 
‘‘(C) in a case in which the local edu-
cational agency fails to meet its 5 year im-provement goals established under such sub-
section, the local educational agency shall be prohibited from receiving a subgrant sub-part 2. 
‘‘(2) D
ESCRIPTION OF LOCAL EDUCATIONAL  
AGENCIES .—A local educational agency de-
scribed in this paragraph is a local edu-cational agency that— 
‘‘(A) students in high poverty and high mi-
nority schools are being taught at higher rates by teachers rated in the lowest two quartiles based on the combined measure es-tablished under section 2112(b)(5)(C) com-pared to students in low poverty and low mi-nority schools; and 
‘‘(B) students in high poverty and high mi-
nority schools are being taught at higher rates by teachers who are not effective, as determined by the State or local educational agency, compared to students in low poverty and low minority schools. 
‘‘(3) E
XCEPTION .—Paragraph (1) shall not 
apply to high poverty and high minority schools where students are being taught at higher rates who are not effective, as deter-mined by the State or local educational agency, compared to students in low poverty and low minority schools in the local edu-cational agency if the performance of the high poverty or high minority school’s stu-dents, including each group of students de-scribed in section 1111(b)(2)(C)(v)(II), on the State’s annual student academic assess-ments has exceeded the statewide average performance for students overall in that sub-ject for at least the previous 2 years. 
‘‘(4) I
NAPPLICABILITY .—This section shall 
not apply to a local educational agency that does not have more than one building for each grade span. 
‘‘(5) T
RANSITIONAL COMPLIANCE .—Beginning 
on the date of enactment of the Student Suc-cess Act, for no more than 4 full school years a local educational agency shall be deemed to be in compliance with this section for any school year, if the teachers hired to fill va-cancies in local education agencies served under this part, improve the equity in dis-tribution of effective teachers, as determined by the State or local educational agency, be-tween students served by high poverty or high minority schools and students served by low poverty or low minority schools as de-scribed in paragraph (2). 
‘‘(6) W
AIVER .—A local educational agency 
may apply to the Secretary for a temporary waiver of the requirements of this section in the case of a natural disaster or unpredict-able or significant personnel assignments that occur after the beginning of a school year that would affect determination of com-pliance with this section. 
‘‘(7) R
ULES OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
this section shall be construed to require a local educational agency to transfer school personnel in order to comply with this sec-tion. 
‘‘Subpart 5—Public Reporting 
‘‘SEC. 2151. PUBLIC REPORTING. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .— 
‘‘(1) S TATE REPORT CARD .—Each State that 
receives a grant under subpart 1 shall annu-ally submit to the Secretary, and make pub-lic, a State report card on program perform-ance and results under the grant, in a man-ner prescribed by the Secretary and con-taining, analyzing, and updating the infor-mation required under subsection (b). 
‘‘(2) L
OCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCY REPORT .— 
Each local educational agency that receives a subgrant under subpart 2 shall annually submit to the State, and make public— 
‘‘(A) a report on the local educational 
agency’s program performance and results under the subgrant, in a manner prescribed by the State or the Secretary, containing, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:10 Feb 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27FE7.011 H27FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1418 February 27, 2015 
analyzing, and updating the information re-
quired under subsection (c); and 
‘‘(B) the notifications to parents described 
in subsection (d). 
‘‘(3) P RIVACY .—Information required under 
this subpart shall be collected, reported, and disseminated in a manner that protects the privacy of individuals. 
‘‘(b) S
TATE REPORT CARDREQUIREMENTS .— 
Each State described in subsection (a)(1) shall report the following information in ac-cordance with such subsection: 
‘‘(1) With respect to the State overall and 
for each local educational agency in the State, disaggregated by poverty quartile and 
minority quartile— 
‘‘(A) the number and percentage of teach-
ers and principals, for each grant year, who— 
‘‘(i) are classified as qualified; ‘‘(ii) are effective, where applicable; ‘‘(iii) have taught for less than one full 
school year; and 
‘‘(iv) have demonstrated content knowl-
edge in the subject or subjects the teachers are assigned to teach; 
‘‘(B) with respect to middle and high 
schools, the percentage of core academic courses taught by teachers who have met State licensure requirements for that course; 
‘‘(C) information required under equitable 
distribution plans for the State and each local educational agency under sections 2112(b)(5) and 2123(a), respectively; 
‘‘(D) staff retention rates for effective 
teachers, as determined by the State or local educational agency; and 
‘‘(E) any other performance measures the 
State is using to measure the performance of local educational agencies that receive a subgrant under subpart 2. 
‘‘(2) Results of the data collection report-
ing under section 2112(b)(7). 
‘‘(3) Progress towards meeting the equi-
table distribution requirements under sec-tion 2112(b)(5). 
‘‘(4) Results of the assessment of educator 
support and working conditions described in section 2112(b)(3). 
‘‘(5) Results of the needs assessment re-
quired under subpart 2 by each school in the State and compared to the rubric which was used to conduct the needs assessment. 
‘‘(c) L
OCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCY REPORT  
CARD REQUIREMENTS .—Each local edu-
cational described in subsection (a)(2) shall report the following information, for each grant year, in accordance with such sub-section: 
‘‘(1) With respect to the local educational 
agency overall and for schools in the agency by poverty quartile and minority quartile— 
‘‘(A) the number and percentage of teach-
ers and principals, for each grant year, who— 
‘‘(i) are classified as qualified; ‘‘(ii) are effective, as determined by the 
State or local educational agency; 
‘‘(iii) have taught for less than one full 
school year; and 
‘‘(iv) have demonstrated content knowl-
edge in the subject or subjects the teachers are assigned to teach; and 
‘‘(B) with respect to middle school and 
high school, the percentage of core academic courses taught by teachers who have met State licensure requirements for that course. 
‘‘(d) P
ARENTS ’ RIGHT TO KNOW.—Each local 
educational agency that receives a subgrant under subpart 2 shall ensure that each school served by the local educational agency pro-vides, on an annual basis and at the begin-ning of the school year— 
‘‘(1) the teacher’s qualified status based on 
the definition under section 2002(5), including whether the teacher meets the status based on the requirement in subparagraph (A)(v) of such section; and 
‘‘(2) in local educational agencies withe 
teacher evaluation systems— ‘‘(A) written notification to the parent of 
each student who has, for 2 consecutive years, been assigned an ineffective teacher, as determined by the State or local edu-cational agency, that such student has been so assigned; and 
‘‘(B) a description of— ‘‘(i) the supports the school and local edu-
cational agency will offer the student to compensate for the teacher assignment; 
‘‘(ii) the local educational agency’s plan 
for ensuring this assignment pattern does not continue; and 
‘‘(iii) the teacher’s qualified status based 
on the definition under section 2002(5), in-cluding whether the teacher meets the sta-tus based on the requirement in subpara-graph (A)(v) of such section. 
‘‘PART B—TEACHER AND LEADER 
INNOVATION FUND 
‘‘SEC. 2201. TEACHER AND LEADER INNOVATION 
FUND. 
‘‘The purpose of this part is to support 
States and local educational agencies in im-proving the effectiveness of their teachers and school leaders, especially those teachers and school leaders working in high-need schools, by creating the conditions needed to 
identify, recruit, prepare, retain, reward, and advance effective teachers, principals, and school leadership teams in such schools. 
‘‘SEC. 2202. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIA-
TIONS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—There are authorized to 
be appropriated $950,000,000 for fiscal year 2016 and such sums as may be necessary for each of the 5 succeeding fiscal years to carry out this part. 
‘‘(b) C
ONTINUATION .—From the funds made 
available under subsection (a), the Secretary may reserve funds to continue funding the Teacher Incentive Fund authorized under the fourth, fifth, and sixth provisos of the ‘Inno-vation and Improvement Account’ under title III of Public Law 109–149, in accordance with the terms and conditions of such Fund that were in effect on the day before the en-actment of the Student Success Act. 
‘‘SEC. 2203. GRANTS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—From the funds made 
available under section 2202 and not reserved under subsection (b) of such section, for each fiscal year, the Secretary shall award grants, on a competitive basis, to eligible entities to carry out the purpose of this part. 
‘‘(b) E
LIGIBLE ENTITY .—In this part, the 
term ‘eligible entity’ means— 
‘‘(1) a State educational agency or a con-
sortium of such agencies; 
‘‘(2) a high-need local educational agency 
or a consortium of such agencies; 
‘‘(3) one or more of the entities described 
in paragraphs (1) and (2) in partnership with one or more institutions of higher education, nonprofit organization, or educational serv-ice agencies; or 
‘‘(4) an entity described in paragraph (1) in 
partnership with 1 or more local educational agencies at least one of which is a high-need local educational agency. 
‘‘(c) D
URATION .—The Secretary shall award 
a grant under this part to an eligible entity for an initial period of not more than 3 years, and may renew the grant for up to an additional 2 years if the Secretary finds that the eligible entity is achieving the objectives of the grant and has shown improvement against baseline measures on performance indicators. 
‘‘SEC. 2204. APPLICATIONS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Each eligible entity that 
desires a grant under this part shall submit an application to the Secretary at such time, in such manner, and containing such infor-mation and assurances as the Secretary may reasonably require. 
‘‘(b) C
ONTENTS .—Each application sub-
mitted under this section shall contain— ‘‘(1) a description of— 
‘‘(A) how the eligible entity will differen-
tiate levels of teacher and principal perform-ance by effectiveness, and the criteria it will use to determine that differentiation, which shall include the use of evidence of student learning as a significant factor, as well as other measures; and 
‘‘(B) how that differentiation will be— ‘‘(i) consistent with the teacher and prin-
cipal evaluation system described in section 2112(b)(1); and 
‘‘(ii) used by the local educational agency 
served by the eligible entity to make deci-sions about professional development and re-tention; 
‘‘(2) a description of the rigorous perform-
ance standards that the eligible entity has established, or will establish, within 2 years of the date of enactment of Student Success Act, that will be used to evaluate perform-ance; 
‘‘(3) a plan, developed with appropriate 
stakeholders, setting forth the activities to be implemented under the grant and how 
those activities will be aligned with the re-sults of— 
‘‘(A) an analysis of workforce data (includ-
ing teacher and principal surveys) that iden-tifies strengths and weaknesses in the work-ing conditions provided to teachers, school leaders, and other school personnel and the current and future staffing needs within the State or local educational agency; 
‘‘(B) a public review of any State or local 
educational agency statutes, policies, and practices, including employment policies and practices that pose a barrier to staffing schools, particularly high-need schools, with teachers and principals who have been rated in the highest rating categories; 
‘‘(C) an analysis of the effectiveness and 
the cost-effectiveness of applicable State or local educational agency policies and prac-tices related to increasing teacher and prin-cipal effectiveness; 
‘‘(D) an analysis of the alignment of the 
policies and practices reviewed and analyzed under subparagraphs (B) and (C) with the goal of ensuring that educators are prepared to help all students achieve to college-and- career-ready standards; and 
‘‘(E) as applicable, an analysis of the ex-
tent to which the local educational agency’s human capital strategies, including career advancement opportunities, salary schedules (including incentives for graduate credit and advanced degrees), and incentives, reward actions, and strategies that improve instruc-tion and student learning; and 
‘‘(4) evidence of involvement and support 
for the proposed grant activities from— 
‘‘(A) in the case of an application from an 
eligible entity that includes a local edu-cational agency or a consortium of such agencies, a local school board, teachers union (where there is a designated exclusive representative for the purpose of collective bargaining), teachers, principals, and other stakeholders; and 
‘‘(B) in the case of an application from a 
State educational agency or consortium of such agencies, the State board of education, State agency for higher education, any par-ticipating local educational agency, and other stakeholders. 
‘‘(c) S
ELECTION CRITERION .—In making 
grants under this part, the Secretary shall consider the extent to which the eligible en-tity’s activities that are carried out through a grant under part A or through State and local funds are aligned with the entity’s plan under subsection (b)(3) and the purpose of this part. 
‘‘(d) P
RIORITY .—The Secretary shall give 
priority to applications that address par-ticular needs in improving the effectiveness of the education workforce in high-need 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:10 Feb 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27FE7.011 H27FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1419 February 27, 2015 
schools or the needs of local educational 
agencies to fill positions in high-need fields and subjects. 
‘‘SEC. 2205. USE OF FUNDS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—A eligible entity under 
this part— 
‘‘(1) shall use its grant funds for activities 
to— 
‘‘(A) improve the use of teacher and prin-
cipal effectiveness information, which shall include the adoption of an evaluation system by a local educational agency, as described in section 2112(b)(1), and use of such evalua-tion results in consequential decision-making, including in— 
‘‘(i) paying bonuses and increased salaries, 
if the eligible entity uses an increasing share of non-Federal funds to pay the bonuses and increased salaries each year of the grant, to highly effective teachers or principals who work in high-need schools; 
‘‘(ii) activities under sections 2112 and 2122; ‘‘(iii) reforming the local educational agen-
cy’s system of compensating teachers and principals; and 
‘‘(iv) developing and implementing a 
human capital system; and 
‘‘(B) improve teacher and school-leader 
compensation and career-development sys-tems, which may include instituting per-formance pay, career advancement systems (such as career ladders or incentives for as-suming additional roles and responsibilities intended to improve student academic achievement), or market-based compensa-tion for a high-need school; and 
‘‘(2) may use its grant funds for activities 
to— 
‘‘(A) help ensure that high-need and low- 
performing schools are staffed more effec-tively and efficiently, such as through— 
‘‘(i) the implementation or use of earlier 
hiring timelines; 
‘‘(ii) more effective recruitment strategies 
(including strategies for recruiting can-didates from underrepresented groups); 
‘‘(iii) more selective screening; and ‘‘(iv) data systems for tracking attendance, 
teacher and principal evaluation results, ten-ure decisions, participation in professional 
development, and the results of that partici-pation; 
‘‘(B) recruit, prepare, support, and evaluate 
principals who serve in high-need or low-per-forming schools; and 
‘‘(C) recruit and retain teachers and lead-
ers in rural and remote areas. 
‘‘(b) S
TATE GRANTEES .—A State edu-
cational agency that is a grantee under this part shall use its grant funds for activities to— 
‘‘(1) modify State policies and practices, as 
needed, to enable local educational agencies to carry out their activities under subsection (a); 
‘‘(2) develop and implement improvements 
to the State’s certification or licensure re-quirements, which shall include using teach-er and principal evaluation results in certifi-cation or licensure decisions (such as by making them a significant factor in the granting of a full certification or license); and 
‘‘(3) implement a human capital system, 
including pre-service programs providing teachers and principals to schools within the State, that increases the numbers of highly effective teachers and principals, particu-larly in high-need schools by— 
‘‘(A) identifying, recruiting, training, hir-
ing, and placing individuals who are or are most likely to be highly effective teachers and principals; 
‘‘(B) distributing highly effective teachers 
and principals strategically to high need schools; 
‘‘(C) providing highly effective teachers 
and principals with support and development opportunities focused on increasing student 
achievement; and 
‘‘(D) retaining highly effective teachers 
and principals over time by creating school environments that enable excellent teaching including through strategies such as distrib-uted leadership, time for collaboration and use of student data for internal professional development. 
‘‘PART C—GENERAL PROVISIONS 
‘‘SEC. 2301. PROHIBITION AGAINST INTER-
FERENCE WITH STATE AND LOCAL LAWS AND AGREEMENTS. 
‘‘Nothing in this title shall be construed to 
alter or otherwise affect the rights, rem-edies, and procedures afforded to school or local educational agency employees under Federal, State, or local laws (including ap-plicable regulations or court orders as well as requirements that local educational agen-cies negotiate and or meet and confer in good faith) or under the terms of collective bargaining agreements, memoranda of un-derstanding, or other agreements between such employers and their employees. 
‘‘SEC. 2302. PROTECTING THE INTEGRITY OF 
EVALUATION SYSTEMS. 
‘‘No State or local educational agency re-
ceiving funding under this title shall pub-licly report personally identifiable informa-tion included in an individual teacher or principal evaluation, including information that can be used to distinguish an individ-ual’s identity when combined with other per-sonal or identifying information. 
‘‘SEC. 2303. PROHIBITION. 
‘‘Nothing in this title shall authorize any 
employee of the Federal Government to mandate, direct, control, or exercise any di-rection or supervision over the development of teacher, principal, or school leader evalua-tion systems.’’. 
SEC. 202. HEA CONFORMING AMENDMENTS. 
(a) Q UALIFIED TEACHER .—The Higher Edu-
cation Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1001 et seq.) is amended— 
(1) in section 200 (20 U.S.C. 1021)— (A) by amending paragraph (13) to read as 
follows: 
‘‘(13) Q
UALIFIED .—The term ‘qualified’ has 
the meaning given the term ‘qualified teach-er’ in section 2002(5), as amended by section 201 of the Student Success Act. 
‘‘(B) in paragraph (17)(B)(ii), by striking 
‘highly qualified’ and inserting ‘qualified’; and 
‘‘(C) in paragraph (22)(D)(i), by striking 
‘highly qualified’ and inserting ‘qualified’.’’; 
(2) in section 201(3) (20 U.S.C. 1022(3)), by 
striking ‘‘highly qualified teachers’’ and in-serting ‘‘qualified teachers’’; 
(3) in section 202 (20 U.S.C. 1022)— (A) in subsection (b)(6)(H), by striking 
‘‘highly qualified teachers’’ and inserting ‘‘qualified teachers’’; 
(B) in subsection (d)— (i) in paragraph (1)— (I) in subparagraph (A)(i)(I), by striking 
‘‘highly qualified’’ and inserting ‘‘qualified’’; and 
(II) in subparagraph (B)(iii), by striking 
‘‘highly qualified’’ and inserting ‘‘qualified’’; and 
(ii) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘highly 
qualified teachers’’ and inserting ‘‘qualified teachers’’; and 
(C) in subsection (e)(2)(C)(iii)(IV), by strik-
ing ‘‘highly qualified teacher, as defined in section 9101,’’ and inserting ‘‘qualified teach-er, as defined in section 2002(5), as amended by section 201 of the Student Success Act’’; 
(4) in section 204(a)(4) (20 U.S.C. 1022c) by 
striking ‘‘highly qualified teachers’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘qualified teachers’’; 
(5) in section 205(b)(1)(I) (20 U.S.C. 
1022d(b)(1)(I)), by striking ‘‘highly qualified teachers’’ and inserting ‘‘qualified teachers’’; (6) in section 207(a)(1) (20 U.S.C. 1022f(a)(1)), 
by striking ‘‘highly qualified teachers’’ and inserting ‘‘qualified teachers’’; 
(7) in section 208(b) (20 U.S.C. 1022g(b)), by 
striking ‘‘highly qualified’’ each place it ap-pears and inserting ‘‘qualified’’; 
(8) in section 242(b) (20 U.S.C. 1033a), by 
striking ‘‘highly qualified’’ each place it ap-pears and inserting ‘‘qualified’’; 
(9) in section 251(b) (20 U.S.C. 1034(b)), by 
striking ‘‘highly qualified’’ each place it ap-pears and inserting ‘‘qualified’’; and 
(10) in section 258(d)(1) (20 U.S.C. 1036(d)(1)), 
by striking ‘‘highly qualified’’ and inserting ‘‘qualified’’.such partner institution. 
(c) D
EFINITIONS .—Section 200 of the Higher 
Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1021) is amended— 
(1) by amending paragraph (6) to read as 
follows: 
‘‘(6) E
LIGIBLE PARTNERSHIP .—Except as oth-
erwise provided in section 251, the term ‘eli-gible partnership’ means an entity that— 
‘‘(A) shall include— ‘‘(i) a high-need local educational agency; ‘‘(ii)(I) a high-need school or a consortium 
of high-need schools served by the high-need local educational agency; or 
‘‘(II) as applicable, a high-need early child-
hood education program; or 
‘‘(iii)(I) the following entities— ‘‘(aa) a partner institution. ‘‘(bb) a school, department, or program of 
education within such partner institution, which may include an existing teacher pro-fessional development program with proven outcomes within a 4-year institution of high-er education that provides intensive and sus-tained collaboration between faculty and local educational agencies consistent with the requirements of this title; and 
‘‘(cc) a school or department of arts and 
sciences within such partner institution; or 
‘‘(II) an entity operating a program that 
provides alternative routes to State certifi-cation of teachers that has a teacher prepa-ration program— 
‘‘(aa) whose graduates exhibit strong per-
formance on State-determined qualifying as-sessments for new teachers through dem-onstrating that 80 percent or more of the graduates of the program who intend to enter the field of teaching have passed all of the applicable State qualification assess-ments for new teachers, which shall include an assessment of each prospective teacher’s subject matter knowledge in the content area in which the teacher intends to teach; and 
‘‘(bb) that requires each student in the pro-
gram to meet high academic standards or demonstrate a record of success, as deter-mined by the institution (including prior to entering and being accepted into a program), and participate in intensive clinical experi-ence, and each student in the program is pre-paring to become a qualified teacher; and 
‘‘(B) may include any of the following: ‘‘(i) The Governor of the State. ‘‘(ii) The State educational agency. ‘‘(iii) The State board of education. ‘‘(iv) The State agency for higher edu-
cation. 
‘‘(v) A business. ‘‘(vi) A public or private nonprofit edu-
cational organization. 
‘‘(vii) An educational service agency. ‘‘(viii) A teacher organization. ‘‘(ix) A high-performing local educational 
agency, or a consortium of such local edu-cational agencies, that can serve as a re-source to the partnership. 
‘‘(x) A charter school (as defined in section 
5210). 
‘‘(xi) A school or department within a part-
ner institution that focuses on psychology and human development. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:10 Feb 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27FE7.011 H27FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1420 February 27, 2015 
‘‘(xii) A school or department within a 
partner institution with comparable exper-tise in the disciplines of teaching, learning, and child and adolescent development. 
‘‘(xiii) An entity operating a program that 
provides alternative routes to State certifi-cation of teachers. 
‘‘(xiv) A school, department, or program of 
education within a partner institution. 
‘‘(xv) A school or department of arts and 
sciences within a partner institution.’’; 
(2) by amending paragraph (10) to read as 
follows: 
‘‘(10) H
IGH-NEED LOCAL EDUCATIONAL AGEN -
CY.—The term ″high-need local educational 
agency has the meaning given such term in section 2002(4), as amended by section 201 of the Student Success Act.’’; 
(3) by amending paragraph (14) to read as 
follows: 
‘‘(14) I
NDUCTION PROGRAM .—The term ‘in-
duction program’ has the meaning given the term ‘induction’ in section 2002(6), as amend-ed by section 201 of the Student Success Act.’’; and 
(4) by amending paragraph (21) to read as 
follows: 
‘‘(21) T
EACHER MENTORING .—The term 
‘teacher mentoring’ has the meaning given the term ‘mentoring’ in section 2002(7), as amended by section 201 of the Student Suc-cess Act.’’. 
(d) P
URPOSE .—Section 201 of the Higher 
Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1022) is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of para-
graph (3); 
(2) by striking the period and inserting ‘‘; 
and’’ at the end of paragraph (4); and 
(3) by inserting at the end the following: ‘‘(5) improve teacher effectiveness.’’. 
(e) P
ARTNERSHIP GRANTS .—Section 202 of 
the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1022a) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (b)(6)— (A) in subparagraph (E)(ii), by striking 
‘‘student academic’’ and inserting ‘‘college- and-career ready student academic’’; 
(B) in subparagraph (H)— (i) in the matter preceding clause (i), by in-
serting ‘‘or alternative route entity’’ after ‘‘partner institution’’; 
(ii) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘that incor-
porate’’ and all that follows through ‘‘in-struction’’ and inserting ‘‘consistent with part A of title IV of the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965’’; 
(iii) in clause (i), insert ‘‘and other edu-
cators, including mutli-tiered systems of support and universal design for learning, as described in section 5429(b)(21)’’ after ‘‘sec-ondary school teachers’’; 
(iv) in clause (ii), insert ‘‘ and writing in-
struction’’ after ‘‘reading’’; and 
(v) after clause (ii) insert the following: ‘‘(iii) provide high-quality professional de-
velopment activities to strengthen the in-structional and leadership skills of elemen-tary school and secondary school principals and district superintendents, if the partner institution has a principal preparation pro-gram;’’; 
(C) by redesignating subparagraphs (I) 
through (K) as subparagraphs (J) through (L), respectively; and 
(D) by inserting after subparagraph (H), 
the following: 
‘‘(I) how the partnership will prepare 
teachers to use data to analyze student per-formance and adjust teaching practices to improve student achievement;’’; and 
(2) in subsection (d)(6)(A), by striking 
‘‘that incorporate the essential components of literacy instruction’’ and inserting ‘‘aligned with part A of title IV of the Ele-mentary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’. (f) A
DMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS .—Section 
203(b)(2)(A) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1022b(b)(2)(A)) is amended by inserting ‘‘or alternative route entity’’ after ″institution of higher education 
(g) A
CCOUNTABILITY AND EVALUATION .—Sec-
tion 204(a) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1022c) is amended— 
(1) by redesignating paragraphs (3) and (4) 
as paragraphs (4) and (5), respectively; and 
(2) by inserting after paragraph (2), the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(3) effective teachers as determined by 
the State;’’. 
(h) I
NFORMATION ON PREPARATION PRO-
GRAMS .—Section 205(b)(1) of the Higher Edu-
cation Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1022d(b)) is amended— 
(1) in the matter preceding subparagraph 
(A), by striking ‘‘teacher preparation pro-gram’’ and inserting ‘‘teacher and school leader preparation program’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(M) Within 3 years of the date of enact-
ment of the Student Success Act, informa-tion on the impact of each program’s grad-uates on the evidence of student learning, as defined in section 2002(15), of the students that such graduates teach, if that informa-tion is available. 
‘‘(N) The percentage of each program’s 
graduates who teach in a high-need school. 
‘‘(O) The percentage of each program’s 
graduates who are prepared to teach a high- need subject. 
‘‘(P) The percentage of each program’s 
graduates who become effective and highly effective teachers or principals as deter-mined by the State. 
‘‘(Q) The 3-year retention rate of each pro-
gram’s graduates who become effective and highly effective teachers or principals ac-cording to such graduates’ ratings by such system.’’. 
TITLE III—LANGUAGE INSTRUCTION FOR 
LIMITED ENGLISH PROFICIENT AND IM-MIGRANT STUDENTS 
SEC. 301. LANGUAGE INSTRUCTION. 
Title III (20 U.S.C. 6801 et seq.) is amend-
ed— 
(1) in section 3001— (A) by striking ‘‘fiscal year 2002’’ and in-
serting ‘‘fiscal year 2016’’ each place it ap-pears; and 
(B) in subsection (a)(1), by striking 
‘‘$750,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘1,000,000,000’’; 
(2) by striking ‘‘No Child Left Behind Act 
of 2001’’ and inserting ‘‘Student Success Act’’ each place it appears; 
(3) in section 3244, by striking ‘‘2002 
through 2008’’ and inserting ‘‘2016 through 2022’’; 
(4) by striking ‘‘adequate yearly progress’’ 
and inserting ‘‘progress’’ each place it ap-pears; 
(5) in sections 3102(8)(B), 3113(b)(5)(B), and 
3116(b)(3)(B), by striking ‘‘, as described in section 1111(b)(2)(B)’’; 
(6) in section 3122(a)(3)(A)(iii), by striking 
‘‘as described in section 1111(b)(2)(B)’’; 
(7) by repealing section 3122; (8) in section 3111(b)(2)(D), by striking ‘‘an-
nual measurable achievement objectives pur-suant to section 3122’’ and inserting ‘‘per-formance targets described in section 1111(c)’’; 
(9) in sections 3113(b), 3116(b), 3121(d)(3), 
and 3302(b), by striking ‘‘annual measurable achievement objectives described in section 3122’’ and inserting ‘‘performance targets de-scribed in section 1111(c)’’ each place it ap-pears; 
(10) in section 3122, by striking ‘‘annual 
measurable achievement objectives’’ and in-serting ‘‘performance targets’’ each place it appears; (11) by striking ‘‘section 1111(b)(7)’’ and in-
serting ‘‘section 1111(b)(3)(F)’’ each place it appears; and 
(12) by striking ‘‘section 1111(b)(1)’’ and in-
serting ‘‘section 1111(b)(4)’’ each place it ap-pears. 
TITLE IV—21ST CENTURY SCHOOLS 
SEC. 401. 21ST CENTURY SCHOOLS. 
Title IV (20 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.) is amended 
to read as follows: 
‘‘TITLE IV—21ST CENTURY SCHOOLS 
‘‘PARTA—21 STCENTURY COMMUNITY  
LEARNING CENTERS  
‘‘SEC. 4001. PURPOSE. 
‘‘The purpose of this part is to provide op-
portunities for communities to establish or expand activities through learning partner-ships that— 
‘‘(1) provide opportunities for academic en-
richment, increased academic achievement, and student success in schools by providing students with additional learning time for more expansive, relevant and rigorous learn-ing opportunities, including opportunities to catch students up in their coursework, and help students accelerate their learning; 
‘‘(2) provide a broad array of additional 
services, programs and activities for a well- rounded education, including youth develop-ment activities, music and the arts, outdoor and recreation programs, technology edu-cation programs, dual-language programs, character education, and environmental lit-eracy programs that are designed to rein-force and compliment the regular academic program for participating students; 
‘‘(3) complement, not replicate, the regular 
school day, by offering a range of activities that capture student interest and strengthen student engagement in learning, promote higher class attendence, improve retention, and reduce the risk for dropout, and actively address the specific learning needs and inter-ests of all types of students, especially those who may benefit from approaches and expe-riences not offered in the traditional class-room setting; 
‘‘(4) provide teachers and staff in learning 
partnerships with increased opportunities to work collaboratively, and to participate in professional planning and professional devel-opment, within and across grades and sub-jects to improve teaching and learning; 
‘‘(5) provide students with safe learning en-
vironments and additional resources to in-crease student engagement in school; and 
‘‘(6) offer families of students served by 
partnerships opportunities for literacy devel-opment and related educational develop-ment. 
‘‘SEC. 4002. ALLOTMENT TO STATES. 
‘‘(a) R ESERVATION .—From the funds appro-
priated under section 4009 for any fiscal year, the Secretary shall reserve not more than 1 percent for payments to the outlying areas and the Bureau of Indian Affairs, to be allot-ted in accordance with their respective needs for assistance under this part, as determined by the Secretary, to enable the outlying areas and the Bureau to carry out the pur-pose of this part. 
‘‘(b) S
TATE ALLOTMENTS .— 
‘‘(1) D ETERMINATION .—From the funds ap-
propriated under section 4009 for any fiscal year and remaining after the Secretary makes reservations under subsection (a), the Secretary shall allot to each State for the fiscal year an amount that bears the same relationship to the remainder as the amount the State received under subpart 2 of part A of title I for the preceding fiscal year bears to the amount all States received under that subpart for the preceding fiscal year, except that no State shall receive less than an amount equal to one-half of 1 percent of the total amount made available to all States under this subsection. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:10 Feb 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27FE7.011 H27FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1421 February 27, 2015 
‘‘(2) R EALLOTMENT OF UNUSED FUNDS .—If a 
State does not receive an allotment under this part for a fiscal year, the Secretary shall reallot the amount of the State’s allot-ment to the remaining States in accordance with this subsection. 
‘‘SEC. 4003. STATE ACTIVITIES. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—A State educational 
agency may use not more than 5 percent of the amount made available to the State under section 4002(b) for— 
‘‘(1) the administrative costs of carrying 
out its responsibilities under this part; and 
‘‘(2) providing technical assistance as de-
scribed in subsection (b) to learning partner-ships; 
‘‘(b) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The technical assistance 
described in this paragraph includes the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(A) Assisting learning partnerships who 
are prioritized in section 4005(g) including rural and urban schools by— 
‘‘(i) informing those learning partnerships 
that are prioritized in section 4005(g) that they have a priority for competing for grants under section 4005; 
‘‘(ii) providing technical assistance to the 
learning partnership for the development of the applications described in section 4005(b), including assisting the learning partnership in identifying which elementary schools and secondary schools to serve; 
‘‘(iii) providing technical assistance to the 
learning partnership if they do not receive a grant under section 4005 so that they may re- compete in following competitions; 
‘‘(B) Assisting each learning partnership 
that receives an award under section 4005 to plan and implement additional learning time with such funds, including assisting the learning partnership in— 
‘‘(i) determining how to implement addi-
tional learning time in the schools the learn-ing partnership intends to serve based on the results of the needs assessment described in section 4005(b)(2)(C)(i); 
‘‘(ii) identifying additional community 
partners, which may include multicounty public entities, and resources that may be utilized to implement the additional learn-ing time; 
‘‘(iii) strengthening the existing partner-
ships of the learning partnership, identifying appropriate roles for each of the partners in the implementation of additional learning time in schools served by the learning part-nership, and ensuring that the partnership is effective in maintaining strong communica-tion, information sharing, and joint planning and implementation; 
‘‘(C) Identifying best practices for profes-
sional development for teachers and staff in learning partnerships receiving funding under this part to implement the authorized activities described in section 4006. 
‘‘(D) Identifying best practices for using 
additional learning time to improve aca-demic enrichment, and student academic achievement in schools, and providing tech-nical assistance to the learning partnership in using such best practices to implement and improve additional learning time initia-tives. 
‘‘(E) Providing guidance on how to provide 
programs that are age appropriate and ad-dress the varying needs of students in ele-mentary (including preschool), middle, and diploma granting schools. 
‘‘(F) Supporting pay for success initiatives 
at the State or local level to meet the pur-poses of this part. 
‘‘(2) S
UBGRANTS FOR TECHNICAL ASSIST -
ANCE .—A State educational agency may use 
a portion of the funds described in paragraph (1) to award subgrants to entities including intermediaries, educational service agencies or other public entities with demonstrated 
expertise in additional learning time capac-ity building, or evaluation to carry out the technical assistance described in subpara-graph (A). 
‘‘SEC. 4004. STATE APPLICATION. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—In order to receive an al-
lotment under section 4002(b) for any fiscal year, a State educational agency shall sub-mit to the Secretary, at such time and in such manner as the Secretary may require, an application that— 
‘‘(1) designates the State educational agen-
cy as the agency responsible for the adminis-tration and supervision of programs assisted under this part; 
‘‘(2) describes how the State educational 
agency will use funds received under this part, including funds reserved for State-level activities; 
‘‘(3) contains an assurance that the State 
educational agency, in making awards under section 4005, will give priority to learning partnerships that propose to serve— 
‘‘(A) students attending schools in need of 
support and high-priority schools; 
‘‘(B) schools with a high number or per-
centage of students that are eligible for free or reduced price lunch under the Richard B. Russell School Lunch Act (42 U.S.C. 1751 et seq.); 
‘‘(4) describes the peer review process as 
described in section 4005(e) and the selection criteria the State educational agency will use to evaluate applications from, and select, learning partnerships to receive awards under section 4005; 
‘‘(5) describes the steps the State edu-
cational agency will take to ensure that ac-tivities and programs carried out by learning partnerships using such awards— 
‘‘(A) implement evidence-based strategies; 
and 
‘‘(B) ensure learning partnerships have the 
capacity to implement high-quality addi-tional learning time activities that are dif-ferent from methods which have been proven ineffective during the regular school day; 
‘‘(6) describes how the State educational 
agency will use the indicators under section 4007(a)(3) to measure the performance, on an annual basis, of learning partnerships, and 
‘‘(A) use outcomes from multiple indica-
tors and not rely on one indicator in isola-tion; and 
‘‘(B) provide ongoing technical assistance 
and training and dissemination of promising practices; 
‘‘(7) provides an assurance that the State 
educational agency will set up a process to allow learning partnerships who receive an award under section 4005 and who operate a 
proven and effective program based on the measures of performance described in para-graph (6) to recompete in their last year of funding for an additional 5-year implementa-tion cycle; 
‘‘(8) describes how the State educational 
agency will, to the extent practicable, dis-tribute funds under this part equitably among geographic areas within the State, in-cluding urban and rural areas; 
‘‘(9) includes information identifying the 
per-pupil funding amount range the State educational agency will use to ensure that awards made under section 4005 are of suffi-cient size and scope to carry out the pur-poses of the award, 
‘‘(10) includes an assurance that in deter-
mining award amounts in accordance with paragraph (9), the State educational agency shall take into consideration— 
‘‘(A) diverse geographical areas; and ‘‘(B) the quality of activities and programs 
proposed by learning partnerships applying for such awards; 
‘‘(11) provides an assurance that the appli-
cation will be developed in consultation and coordination with appropriate State offi-
cials, including the chief State school offi-cer, and other State agencies administering additional learning time, the heads of the State health and mental health agencies or their designees, teachers, parents, students, the business community, and community- based organizations; 
‘‘(12) describes how activities and programs 
carried out by the learning partnerships under this part will be coordinated with pro-grams under this Act, and other programs as appropriate; 
‘‘(13) describes how the State educational 
agency will provide a fair and transparent competition for learning partnerships that apply for grant funds under section 4005(b); 
‘‘(14) provides an assurance that the State 
educational agency in determining grant awards to learning partnerships will award grants based solely on the quality of the ap-
plication in relationship to the needs identi-fied by the learning partnership through the needs assessment described in section 4005(b)(2)(C)(i); and 
‘‘(15) provides for timely public notice of 
intent to file an application and an assur-ance that the application will be available for public review after submission. 
‘‘(b) D
EEMED APPROVAL .—An application 
submitted by a State educational agency pursuant to subsection (a) shall be deemed to be approved by the Secretary unless the Sec-retary makes a written determination, prior to the expiration of the 120-day period begin-ning on the date on which the Secretary re-ceived the application, that the application is not in compliance with this part. 
‘‘(c) D
ISAPPROVAL .—The Secretary shall 
not finally disapprove the application, ex-cept after giving the State educational agen-cy notice and opportunity for a hearing. 
‘‘(d) N
OTIFICATION .—If the Secretary finds 
that the application is not in compliance, in whole or in part, with this part, the Sec-retary shall— 
‘‘(1) give the State educational agency no-
tice and an opportunity for a hearing; and 
‘‘(2) notify the State educational agency of 
the finding of noncompliance, and, in such notification, shall— 
‘‘(A) cite the specific provisions in the ap-
plication that are not in compliance; and 
‘‘(B) request additional information, only 
as to the noncompliant provisions, needed to make the application compliant. 
‘‘(e) R
ESPONSE .—If the State educational 
agency responds to the Secretary’s notifica-tion described in subsection (d)(2) during the 45-day period beginning on the date on which the agency received the notification, and re-submits the application with the requested information described in subsection (d)(2)(B), the Secretary shall approve or disapprove such application prior to the later of— 
‘‘(1) the expiration of the 45-day period be-
ginning on the date on which the application is resubmitted; or 
‘‘(2) the expiration of the 120-day period de-
scribed in subsection (b). 
‘‘(f) F
AILURE TO RESPOND .—If the State 
educational agency does not respond to the Secretary’s notification described in sub-section (d)(2) during the 45-day period begin-ning on the date on which the agency re-ceived the notification, such application shall be deemed to be disapproved. 
‘‘SEC. 4005. LOCAL COMPETITIVE GRANT PRO-
GRAM. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Each State that receives 
an allotment under this part shall reserve not less than 95 percent of the amount allot-ted to such State under section 4002(b), for each fiscal year for awards to learning part-nerships under this section. 
‘‘(b) A
PPLICATION .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—To be eligible to receive 
an award under this part, a learning partner-ship shall submit an application to the State 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:10 Feb 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27FE7.011 H27FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1422 February 27, 2015 
educational agency at such time, in such 
manner, and including such information as the State educational agency may reason-ably require. 
‘‘(2) C
ONTENTS .—Each application sub-
mitted under paragraph (1) shall include the following: 
‘‘(A) I
MPLEMENTATION PLAN .—A description 
of the planning activities that will be con-ducted during the planning phase, if applica-ble, that shall include a budget for the plan-ning activities; 
‘‘(B) R
OLES AND RESPONSIBILITIES .—A de-
scription of the learning partnership and the roles and responsibilities of each of the part-ners of the learning partnership. 
‘‘(C) A
DDITIONAL LEARNING TIME ACTIVI -
TIES.—A description of— 
‘‘(i) the activities that will be carried out 
by the learning partnership during the addi-tional learning time based solely on the learning partnership’s determination of the results of a needs assessment that con-siders— 
‘‘(I) school-wide needs, including planning 
time and instructional time for teachers and staff in the learning partnership; 
‘‘(II) individual student learning needs; ‘‘(III) school and student safety; and ‘‘(IV) the number of additional hours (dur-
ing the regular school day or outside of the regular school day, as applicable) needed for supervised student enrichment, determined through school, family, and community input; 
‘‘(ii) a description of how the learning part-
nership will align the activities described in this subparagraph with— 
‘‘(I) school improvement plans developed 
and implemented pursuant to section 1116, if applicable; 
‘‘(II) academic instruction that occurs dur-
ing the regular school day at the school pro-posed to be served by the learning partner-ship; and 
‘‘(III) in the case of a learning partnership 
implementing additional learning time as described in section 4008(2)(B), school im-provement efforts supported by other pro-grams under this Act and other relevant State and local programs; 
‘‘(iii) the anticipated number of hours of 
additional learning time the average and highest-need student will receive, based on evidence-based attendance expectations, and how the number of hours are appropriate based on the needs assessment described in clause (i) and the requirements of (ii); 
‘‘(iv) the grade or grade spans (including 
preschool) to be served by the learning part-nerships using award funds; 
‘‘(v) how students participating in the ac-
tivities will travel safely to and from the ad-ditional learning time center and home, as applicable; and 
‘‘(vi) a description of how the learning 
partnership will ensure that staff employed by the learning partnership will coordinate to develop and implement activities de-scribed in this subparagraph using, in part, the data described in subparagraph (F). 
‘‘(D) S
ELECTION OF SCHOOLS .—A description 
of the process, considerations, and criteria the learning partnership will use to select schools to implement additional learning time programs and activities that shall take into account the priorities described in sec-tion 4005(g); 
‘‘(E) F
ACILITY ASSURANCE .—An assurance 
that the activities described in subparagraph (C) will take place in a safe and easily acces-sible facility and a description of how the learning partnership will disseminate infor-mation about the facility to the parents and community in a manner that is understand-able and accessible; 
‘‘(F) D
ATA SHARING .—An assurance that 
relevant student level data will be shared within the learning partnership consistent 
with the requirements of section 444 of the General Education Provisions Act so that the activities described in subparagraph (C)(i) are aligned according to subparagraph (C)(ii). 
‘‘(G) P
ROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT ACTIVI -
TIES.—A description of how the learning 
partnership will provide professional devel-opment to the staff employed by the learning partnership. 
‘‘(H) P
UBLIC RESOURCES .—An identification 
of Federal, State, and local programs that will be combined or coordinated with the ad-ditional learning time program to make the most effective use of public resources. 
‘‘(I) S
UPPLEMENT , NOT SUPPLANT .—An as-
surance that funds under this section will be used to increase the level of State, local, and other non-Federal funds that would, in the absence of funds under this part, be made available for programs and activities author-ized under this part, and in no case supplant Federal, State, local, or non-Federal funds; 
‘‘(J) E
XPERIENCE .—A description of past 
performance and record of effectiveness of the community based organization within the partnership in providing the activities described in subparagraph (C). 
‘‘(K) C
ONTINUATION AFTER FEDERAL FUND -
ING.—A description of a preliminary plan for 
how the additional learning time will con-tinue when funding under this part ends. 
‘‘(L) C
APACITY .—An assurance that the 
learning partnership has the capacity to col-lect the data relevant to the indicators de-scribed under section 4007(a)(3). 
‘‘(M) N
OTICE OF INTENT .—An assurance that 
the community of the learning partnership will be given notice of an intent to submit an application and that the application and any waiver request will be available for public re-view after submission of the application. 
‘‘(N) O
THER INFORMATION AND ASSUR -
ANCES .—Such other information and assur-
ances as the State educational agency may reasonably require. 
‘‘(c) A
PPROVAL OF CERTAIN APPLICATIONS .— 
The State educational agency may approve an application under this section for a pro-gram to be located in a facility other than an elementary school or secondary school only if the program will be at least as avail-able and accessible to the students to be served as if the program were located in an elementary school or secondary school. 
‘‘(d) N
ON-FEDERAL MATCH .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—A State educational 
agency shall require a learning partnership to match funds awarded under this part, ex-cept that such match may not exceed the amount of the grant award and may not be derived from other Federal funds. 
‘‘(2) S
LIDING SCALE .—The amount of a 
match under paragraph (1) shall be estab-lished based on a sliding fee scale that takes into account— 
‘‘(A) the relative poverty of the population 
to be targeted by the learning partnership; and 
‘‘(B) the ability of the learning partnership 
to obtain such matching funds. 
‘‘(3) I
N-KIND CONTRIBUTIONS .—Each State 
educational agency shall permit the commu-nity-learning partnership to provide all or any portion of such match in the form of in- kind contributions. 
‘‘(e) P
EERREVIEW .—In reviewing local ap-
plications under this section, a State edu-cational agency shall use a peer review proc-ess or other methods of assuring the quality 
of such applications. 
‘‘(f) D
URATION OF AWARDS .—Grants under 
this section may be awarded for a period of 5 years. Learning partnerships that receive funding under this section and who operate a proven and effective program based on the measures of performance established in sec-tion 4004(a)(6) shall be allowed to recompete 
in their last year of funding for an additional 5 year grant. 
‘‘(g) P
RIORITY .—In awarding grants under 
this part, a State educational agency shall give priority to applications proposing to target services to— 
‘‘(1) students (including preschool stu-
dents) who attend schools in need of support and high-priority schools; and 
‘‘(2) learning partnerships that propose to 
serve schools with a high percentage or num-ber of students that are eligible for free and reduced price lunch under the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act (42 U.S.C. 1751 et seq.); 
‘‘SEC. 4006. LOCAL ACTIVITIES. 
‘‘(a) A UTHORIZED ACTIVITIES .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Each learning partner-
ship that receives an award under section 4005 shall use the award funds to implement additional learning time activities that are consistent with section 4005(b)(2). 
‘‘(2) P
LANNING PERIOD .—Each learning part-
nership may use funds under this section for a planning period of not longer than 6 months to develop an implementation plan described in section 4005(b)(2)(A) to carry out the additional learning time activities, or up to one school year to develop an extended school day, week, or year. 
‘‘SEC. 4007. REPORTING. 
‘‘(a) R EPORT BY LEARNING PARTNERSHIPS .— 
Each learning partnership shall, not later than 1 year after the first day of the first school year in which the additional learning time is implemented, prepare and submit to the State educational agency a report— 
‘‘(1) containing a detailed description of 
the additional learning time activities that were carried out under this part; 
‘‘(2) with respect to each school served by 
the partnership— 
‘‘(A) on the actual expenses associated 
with, carrying out the additional learning time programs and activities in the first school year; and 
‘‘(B) a description of how the additional 
learning time programs and activities were implemented and whether such programs and activities were carried out during non-school hours or periods when school is not in ses-sion or added to expand the school day, school week, or school year schedule; and 
‘‘(3) containing measures of performance, 
aggregated and disaggregated, on the fol-
lowing indicators— 
‘‘(A) student academic achievement as 
measured by— 
‘‘(i) high-quality State academic assess-
ments; and 
‘‘(ii) student growth in accordance with 
student growth standards; 
‘‘(B) for diploma granting schools served 
by the learning partnerships, graduation rates; 
‘‘(C) student attendance, reported sepa-
rately for in-school attendance and attend-ance at the nonschool time programs, if ap-plicable; 
‘‘(D) performance on a set of comprehen-
sive school performance indicators that may include— 
‘‘(i) as appropriate, rate of earned on-time 
promotion from grade-to-grade; 
‘‘(ii) for high schools served by the learn-
ing partnerships, the percentage of students taking a college preparatory curriculum, or student rates of enrollment, persistence, and attainment of an associate or baccalaureate degree; 
‘‘(iii) the percentage of student suspensions 
and expulsions; 
‘‘(iv) indicators of school readiness for en-
tering kindergartners; 
‘‘(v) evidence of increased parent and fam-
ily engagement and support for children’s learning; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:10 Feb 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27FE7.011 H27FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1423 February 27, 2015 
‘‘(vi) evidence of increased student engage-
ment in school, which may include com-pleting of assignments and coming to class prepared; 
‘‘(vii) evidence of mastery of non-academic 
skills which may include problem solving, learning to work in teams, and social and civic responsibility; 
‘‘(viii) improved personal attitude, which 
may include initiative, self-confidence, self- esteem and sense of self-efficacy; and 
‘‘(ix) development of social skills, which 
may include behavior, communication, rela-tionships with peers and adults. 
‘‘(b) R
EPORT BY STATE EDUCATIONAL AGEN-
CY.—A State Educational Agency that re-
ceives funds under this part shall annually prepare and submit to the Secretary a report that contains all reports submitted by learn-ing partnerships under the jurisdiction of the agency, aggregated and disaggregated, pro-vided under subsection (a). 
‘‘(c) P
UBLICATION AND AVAILABILITY OF THE  
REPORT .—The Secretary shall publish and 
make widely available to the public, includ-ing through a website or other means, a sum-mary of the reports received under sub-section (b). 
‘‘SEC. 4008. DEFINITIONS. 
‘‘In this part: 
‘‘(1) L EARNING PARTNERSHIP .—The term 
‘learning partnership’ means— 
‘‘(A) a local educational agency, a consor-
tium of local educational agencies, or an educational service agency and one or more local educational agencies, in a partnership with 1 or more community-based organiza-tions or other public or private entities; or 
‘‘(B) a community-based organization, or 
other public or private entity, in a partner-ship with a local educational agency, a con-
sortium of local educational agencies, or an educational service agency and one or more local educational agencies. 
‘‘(2) A
DDITIONAL LEARNING TIME .—The term 
‘additional learning time’ means— 
‘‘(A) time added during non-school hours or 
periods when school is not in session, such as before or after school or during summer re-cess for activities that— 
‘‘(i) provide opportunities for student aca-
demic enrichment, including hands-on, expe-riential and project-based learning opportu-nities for subjects including English, reading or language arts, mathematics, science, for-eign languages, civics and government, eco-nomics, music and the arts, history, geog-raphy, health education, physical education, environmental literacy, and activities such as tutoring and service learning that— 
‘‘(I) assist students in meeting State and 
local academic achievement standards in core academic subjects, 
‘‘(II) use evidence-based skill training ap-
proaches and active forms of learning to pro-mote healthy development, and engage stu-dents in learning; 
‘‘(III) align and coordinate with the regular 
school day and school year curriculum; 
‘‘(IV) align to school improvement plans 
developed pursuant to section 1116, as appli-cable; and 
‘‘(V) align to the learning needs of indi-
vidual students at the school served by the learning partnership; 
‘‘(ii) provide students with opportunities 
for personal and social development; 
‘‘(iii) serve the learning needs and interests 
of all students, including those who already meet or exceed student academic achieve-ment standards as measured by high-quality State academic assessments, and especially those who may not be achieving at grade level in the traditional classroom setting; 
‘‘(iv) are developmentally and age appro-
priate; and 
‘‘(v) involve a broad group of stakeholders 
(including educators, parents, students, and community partners) in carrying out addi-
tional learning time programs and activities described in this subparagraph; or 
‘‘(B) time added to expand the school day, 
school week, or school year schedule, that— 
‘‘(i) increases the total number of school 
hours for the school year at a school based on evidence supporting the amount of addi-tional learning time needed to achieve the objectives described in clause (ii); 
‘‘(ii) is used to redesign the school’s pro-
gram and schedule— 
‘‘(I) to support innovation in teaching, in 
order to improve the academic achievement of students aligned to the school improve-ment plan, if applicable, especially those students who may not be achieving at grade level, in reading or language arts, mathe-matics, science, history and civics, and other core academic subjects; 
‘‘(II) to improve the performance of all stu-
dents, including those students who are struggling to meet college and career ready standards or State early learning standards, as appropriate, and those students who al-ready meet or exceed college and career ready standards as measured by high-quality State academic assessments; 
‘‘(III) for additional subjects and enrich-
ment activities that reflect student interest, connect to effective community partners, and contribute to a well-rounded education, which may include music and the arts, health education, physical education, service learning, and experiential and work-based learning opportunities (such as community service, learning apprenticeships, intern-ships, and job shadowing); 
‘‘(IV) to advance student learning by pro-
viding a learning environment and sup-porting learning activities that engage stu-dents, develop social skills, and cultivate positive personal attitude; and 
‘‘(V) for teachers and staff in learning part-
nerships to collaborate, and plan, within and across grades and subjects; 
‘‘(iii) provides school-wide services that 
are— 
‘‘(I) aligned to school improvement plans 
developed pursuant to section 1116, as appli-cable; and 
‘‘(II) aligned to individual student achieve-
ment needs as identified by the school-site staff at the school served by the community- learning partnership; and 
‘‘(iv) involve a broad group of stakeholders 
(including educators, parents, students and community partners) in planning and car-rying out additional learning time programs and activities described in this subpara-graph. 
‘‘(3) E
NVIRONMENTAL LITERACY .—The term 
‘environmental literacy’ means a funda-mental understanding of ecological prin-ciples, the systems of the natural world, and the relationships and interactions between natural and man made environments. 
‘‘SEC. 4009. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIA-
TIONS. 
‘‘There are authorized to be appropriated 
to carry out this part $1,200,000,000 for fiscal year 2016 and such sums as may be necessary for each succeeding fiscal year. 
‘‘P
ARTB—G RANTS TO SUPPORT STUDENT  
SAFETY , HEALTH , ANDSUCCESS  
‘‘SEC. 4201. PURPOSE. 
‘‘The purposes of this part are— ‘‘(1) to support local educational agencies 
and schools in providing comprehensive sys-tems of learning supports to students and their families so that students receive their education in safe environments and graduate from school college and career ready; 
‘‘(2) to enhance the ability of local edu-
cational agencies and schools to leverage re-sources within schools and within commu-nities to improve instruction, strengthen programs, and identify gaps in existing pro-
grams for students and their families; 
‘‘(3) to ensure the academic, behavioral, 
emotional, health, mental health, and social needs of all students, including students from low income families, students with dis-abilities, English learners, and youth who are involved in or who are identified by evi-dence-based risk assessment methods as being at high risk of becoming involved in juvenile delinquency or criminal street gangs through a coordinated pipeline or con-tinuum of services for children from birth through college or career; 
‘‘(4) to support programs and activities 
that prevent and respond to violence in and around schools (including bullying, harass-ment, and mass casualty events), that pre-vent the illegal use of alcohol, tobacco, and drugs by students, and provide resources and training to foster a safe and drug-free learn-ing environment to support student aca-demic achievement; and 
‘‘(5) to enhance partnerships between 
schools, parents, and communities, and bet-ter support family and community engage-ment in education. 
‘‘SEC. 4202. RESERVATIONS AND ALLOTMENTS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—From the amount made 
available under section 4210 to carry out this part for each fiscal year, the Secretary— 
‘‘(1) shall reserve 1 percent of such amount 
for grants to the outlying areas to be allot-ted in accordance with the Secretary’s deter-mination of their respective needs and to carry out programs described in this part; and 
‘‘(2) shall reserve 1 percent of such amount 
for the Secretary of the Interior to carry out programs described in this part for Indian youth. 
‘‘(b) S
TATE ALLOTMENTS .—Except as pro-
vided in subsection (a), the Secretary shall, for each fiscal year, allot among the States— 
‘‘(1) one-half of the remainder not reserved 
under subsection (a) according to the ratio between the school-aged population of each State and the school-aged population of all the States; and 
‘‘(2) one-half of such remainder according 
to the ratio between the amount each State received under section 1124A for the pre-ceding year and the sum of such amounts re-ceived by all the States. 
‘‘(c) M
INIMUM .—For any fiscal year, no 
State shall be allotted under this subsection an amount that is less than one-half of 1 per-cent of the total amount allotted to all the States under this subsection. 
‘‘(d) R
EALLOTMENT OF UNUSED FUNDS .— 
‘‘(1) R EALLOTMENT FOR FAILURE TO APPLY .— 
If any State does not apply for an allotment under this part for a fiscal year, the Sec-retary shall reallot the amount of the State’s allotment to the remaining States in accordance with this section. 
‘‘(2) R
EALLOTMENT OF UNUSED FUNDS .—The 
Secretary may reallot any amount of any al-lotment to a State if the Secretary deter-mines that the State will be unable to use such amount within 2 years of such allot-ment. Such reallotments shall be made on the same basis as allotments are made under subsection (b). 
‘‘SEC. 4203. STATE APPLICATIONS. 
‘‘(a) A PPLICATION .—To receive a grant 
under this part, a State educational agency shall submit to the Secretary an application at such time and in such manner as the Sec-retary may require, and containing the in-formation described in subsection (b). 
‘‘(b) C
ONTENTS .—Each application sub-
mitted under subsection (a) shall include the following: 
‘‘(1) An assurance that the State edu-
cational agency will review existing re-sources and programs across the State and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:10 Feb 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27FE7.011 H27FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1424 February 27, 2015 
coordinate any new plans and resources 
under this part with such existing programs and resources. 
‘‘(2) A description of how the State edu-
cational agency will identify and eliminate State barriers to the coordination and inte-gration of programs, initiatives, and funding streams so that local educational agencies can provide comprehensive continuums of learning supports. 
‘‘(3) A description of the State educational 
agency’s comprehensive school safety plan, which shall address bullying and harass-ment, provide for evidence-based and prom-ising practices related to juvenile delin-quency and criminal street gang activity prevention and intervention, address school- sponsored, off-premises, overnight field trips, disaster preparedness, and crisis and emer-gency management; and any other issues de-termined necessary by the State educational agency (existing plans may be used to satisfy the requirements of this section if such ex-isting plans include the information required by this section, or can be modified to do so, and are submitted to the Secretary with such modifications) which— 
‘‘(A) shall be submitted to the Secretary 
not later than 1 year after the enactment of the Student Success Act; 
‘‘(B) shall be developed in consultation 
with public safety and community partners, including police, fire, emergency medical services, emergency management agencies, parents, and other such organizations; 
‘‘(C) shall be made available to the public 
in a manner that is understandable and ac-cessible; and 
‘‘(D) the State educational agency shall re-
quire all local educational agencies to adopt the plan within 1 year of approval (existing plans may be used to satisfy the require-ments of this section if such existing plans are approved by the State educational agen-cy and include the information required by this section, or can be modified to do so). 
‘‘(4) A description of how grant funds will 
be used to identify best practices for profes-sional development for sustainable com-prehensive program development. 
‘‘(5) A description of how the State edu-
cational agency will monitor the implemen-tation of activities under this part, and pro-vide technical assistance to local eligible en-tities. 
‘‘(6) A description of how the State edu-
cational agency will ensure subgrants to eli-gible entities will facilitate school-commu-nity planning and effective service coordina-tion, integration, and provision at the local level to achieve high performance standards 
based on the system developed in paragraph (7). 
‘‘(7) A description of how the State edu-
cational agency will develop a system for re-porting and measuring eligible entity per-formance, and assist eligible entities in de-veloping and implementing systems for measuring performance based on the indica-tors in section 4208(a)(3). 
‘‘(8) An assurance that the State edu-
cational agency will set up a process to allow local eligible entities who receive an award under section 4206 and who operate a proven and effective program based on the measures of performance described in paragraph (7) to recompete in their last year of funding for an additional 5-year cycle. 
‘‘(9) A description of the steps the State 
educational agency will take to ensure that activities and programs carried out by local eligible entities will implement evidence based strategies. 
‘‘(10) A description of how the number of 
youth involved in juvenile delinquency and criminal justice systems will not increase as a results of activities funded under this grant. ‘‘(c) A
PPROVAL PROCESS .— 
‘‘(1) D EEMED APPROVAL .—An application 
submitted by a State pursuant to this sec-tion shall undergo peer review by the Sec-retary and shall be deemed to be approved by the Secretary unless the Secretary makes a written determination, prior to the expira-tion of the 120-day period beginning on the date on which the Secretary received the ap-
plication, that the application is not in com-pliance with this subpart. 
‘‘(2) D
ISAPPROVAL .—The Secretary shall 
not finally disapprove the application, ex-cept after giving the State educational agen-cy and the chief executive officer of the State notice and an opportunity for a hear-ing. 
‘‘(3) N
OTIFICATION .—If the Secretary finds 
that the application is not in compliance, in whole or in part, with this subpart, the Sec-retary shall— 
‘‘(A) give the State educational agency and 
the chief executive officer of the State no-tice and an opportunity for a hearing; and 
‘‘(B) notify the State educational agency 
and the chief executive officer of the State of the finding of noncompliance, and in such notification, shall— 
‘‘(i) cite the specific provisions in the ap-
plication that are not in compliance; and 
‘‘(ii) request additional information, only 
as to the noncompliant provisions, needed to make the application compliant. 
‘‘(4) R
ESPONSE .—If the State educational 
agency and the chief executive officer of the State respond to the Secretary’s notification described in paragraph (3)(B) during the 45- day period beginning on the date on which the agency received the notification, and re-submit the application with the requested information described in paragraph (3)(B)(ii), the Secretary shall approve or disapprove such application prior to the later of— 
‘‘(A) the expiration of the 45-day period be-
ginning on the date on which the application is resubmitted; or 
‘‘(B) the expiration of the 120-day period 
described in paragraph (1). 
‘‘(5) F
AILURE TO RESPOND .—If the State 
educational agency and the chief executive officer of the State do not respond to the Secretary’s notification described in para-graph (3)(B) during the 45-day period begin-ning on the date on which the agency re-ceived the notification, such application shall be deemed to be disapproved. 
‘‘(d) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
this section shall be construed to prohibit local educational agencies or individual schools from incorporating additional ele-ments to the State-developed comprehensive school safety plan to improve student and school safety reflective of the individual agency or school community. 
‘‘SEC. 4204. STATE USE OF FUNDS. 
‘‘(a) 95 P ERCENT OF FUNDS .—Each State 
educational agency that receives a grant under this part shall reserve not less than 95 percent of the grant amount, for each fiscal year to award subgrants to local eligible en-tities in accordance with section 4206. 
‘‘(b) 5 P
ERCENT OF FUNDS .—A State edu-
cational agency shall use not more than 5 percent, of which not more than 1 percent may be used for administration of a grant re-ceived under this subpart or may subgrant a portion of such funds to educational service agencies, or other public entities with dem-onstrated expertise to carry out the fol-lowing activities: 
‘‘(1) Identify and eliminate State barriers 
to the coordination and integration of pro-grams, initiatives, and funding streams so that local educational agencies can provide comprehensive continuums of learning sup-ports. 
‘‘(2) Assist local eligible entities who are 
prioritized in section 4205(b) including those eligible entities that plan to serve rural and 
urban schools by— 
‘‘(A) informing those local eligible entities 
that they have a priority for competing for grants; 
‘‘(B) providing technical assistance to the 
local eligible entities for the development of the applications described in section 4206; 
‘‘(C) providing technical assistance to the 
local eligible entities if they do not receive a grant under section 4206 so that they may recompete in following competitions; 
‘‘(3) Identify best practices for professional 
development and capacity building for local educational agencies for the delivery of a comprehensive system of learning supports for teachers, administrators, and specialized instructional support personnel in schools that are served by the eligible entity receiv-ing funding under this part to implement the authorized activities described in section 4207. 
‘‘(4) Reporting and evaluation activities. 
‘‘SEC. 4205. GENERAL SUBGRANT REQUIRE-
MENTS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—A State educational 
agency shall use grant funds received under this part to award subgrants to eligible enti-ties. 
‘‘(b) A
BSOLUTE PRIORITY .—In awarding sub-
grants to local eligible entities, the State educational agency shall give priority to— 
‘‘(1) local eligible entities that propose to 
serve a high percentage or number of stu-dents that are eligible for free or reduced price lunch under the Richard B. Russell Na-tional School Lunch Act (42 U.S.C. 1751 et seq.); and 
‘‘(2) local eligible entities proposing to 
serve students who attend schools in need of support and high-priority schools; 
‘‘(c) C
OMPETITIVE PRIORITY .—In awarding 
subgrants to local eligible entities, the State educational agency shall give competitive priority to— 
‘‘(1) in the case of local eligible entities 
that intend to implement programs de-scribed in section 4207(2)(A), local eligible en-tities that serve schools that implement, or have plans to implement disciplinary poli-cies that are research based and focus on multi-tiered systems of support; and 
‘‘(2) in the case of eligible entities that in-
tend to implement programs described in section 4207(2)(C), eligible entities proposing to serve geographic areas most in need of these services and that commit to working with local Promise Coordinating Councils. 
‘‘(d) D
URATION OF SUBGRANT .—A State edu-
cational agency shall award under this part subgrants to eligible local entities for 5 years. 
‘‘(e) R
ENEWAL .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—A State educational 
agency may renew a subgrant awarded under this part for a period of 5 years. 
‘‘(2) R
ENEWAL APPLICATION .—To renew a 
subgrant, an eligible entity shall submit an application to the Secretary every 5 years as long as the eligible entity can demonstrate that they operate a proven and effective pro-gram based on performance on the indicators in section 4208(a)(3). 
‘‘SEC. 4206. LOCAL ELIGIBLE ENTITY APPLICA-
TION. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—A local eligible entity 
that seeks a grant under this part shall sub-mit an application to the State at such time, in such manner, and containing such infor-mation as the State may require, including the information described in subsection (b). 
‘‘(b) C
ONTENTS .—An application submitted 
under subsection (a) shall include the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(1) The results of a comprehensive needs 
assessment (which shall include incident 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:10 Feb 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27FE7.011 H27FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1425 February 27, 2015 
data, and teacher, parent, or community sur-
veys) and assets assessment which shall in-clude a comprehensive analysis of the fol-lowing— 
‘‘(A) the safety of the schools served by the 
local eligible entity (which shall include a comprehensive analysis of incidents and prevalence of bullying and harassment at schools served by the local eligible entity); 
‘‘(B) the incidence and prevalence of drug, 
alcohol and substance abuse at schools served by the local eligible entity; 
‘‘(C) the needs of youth in the community 
with respect to evidence-based and prom-ising practices related to juvenile delin-quency and criminal street gang activity prevention and intervention, including an as-sessment of the number of youth who are in-volved or at-risk of involvement in juvenile delinquency and criminal street gang activ-ity and the number of chronically truant youth; 
‘‘(D) the number of specialized instruc-
tional support personnel employed by schools served by the local eligible entity and the services provided by those personnel; 
‘‘(E) the prevalence of student health (in-
cluding mental health, physical fitness, and nutrition) needs at schools served by the local eligible entity; 
‘‘(F) existing programs and services in-
tended to provide a comprehensive system of support within schools served by local eligi-ble entities, including the support of school governance and leadership for the programs and services and evidence of past successful collaboration in the delivery of services; 
‘‘(G) resources available in the community, 
including public agencies, nonprofit organi-zations, and community businesses and em-ployers that could be leveraged by schools served by the local eligible entity to create comprehensive systems of support or deliver pipeline services within the schools; 
‘‘(H) school discipline data including in- 
school suspensions, out-of-school suspen-sions, expulsion, school-based arrests, refer-rals to law enforcement, and referrals to al-ternative schools; and 
‘‘(I) additional needs identified by the local 
eligible entity. 
‘‘(2) A description of the methodology used 
in conducting the needs assessment de-scribed in paragraph (1); 
‘‘(3) any steps that the eligible entity is 
taking, at the time of the application, to ad-dress needs identified during the needs as-sessment described in paragraph (1) 
‘‘(4) A description of the plan to implement 
grant funds (taking into account the cul-tural and linguistic needs of the community) 
which shall include the following compo-nents: 
‘‘(A) A description of the services (taking 
into account the cultural and linguistic needs of the community) that will be pro-vided by the local eligible entity which shall include prevention, intervention, and sys-tematic efforts to address student learning needs or pipeline services as identified and prioritized by the needs assessment in para-graph (1). 
‘‘(B) A description of how existing re-
sources, services, and programs will be co-ordinated and integrated with new resources, services, and programs to create a com-prehensive system of learning supports or pipeline services that is aligned with school improvement plans required under section 1116, as applicable. 
‘‘(C) A description of the partners within 
the eligible entity and their roles as they re-late to the implementation of the com-prehensive system of learning supports or pipeline services that will be implemented to address the needs outlined in the needs and assets assessment described in subsection (b)(1). ‘‘(D) A description of how the grant will be 
used to enhance administrator’s, teacher’s, and specialized instructional support person-nel’s identification and response to student learning needs for providing learning sup-ports through professional development, and how school capacity will be enhanced to han-dle problems facing students such as those identified in the needs assessment. 
‘‘(E) A description of how the eligible enti-
ty will identify the financial savings from deferred or eliminated costs, or other bene-fits as a result of the programs or activities implemented by the eligible entities (in the case of an eligible entity who implements programs described in section 4207(2)(C), a comparative analysis of potential savings from criminal justice costs, public assistance costs, and other costs avoided by such pro-grams). 
‘‘(F) A description of how the local eligible 
entity will measure performance based on the indicators described in section 4208(a)(3). 
‘‘(G) A description of the process for peri-
odically reviewing the needs of students and assets within the school and community, and involving more community partners as ap-plicable, and how data on performance on the indicators described in section 4208(a)(3) will be used to provide feedback on progress, and institutionalize support mechanisms to maintain and continually improve activities including when grant funds end. 
‘‘(c) S
PECIAL RULE.—A local eligible entity 
may use— 
‘‘(1) an existing needs assessment to satisfy 
the requirements of subsection (b)(1), if the assessment includes the information re-quired by such subsection, or can be modified to do so; and 
‘‘(2) an existing plan to satisfy the require-
ments of subsection (b)(3), if the plan meets the requirements of such subsection and is 
approved by the State educational agency. 
‘‘SEC. 4207. LOCAL ELIGIBLE ENTITY USE OF 
FUNDS. 
‘‘A local eligible entity that receives a 
subgrant under this part shall use such funds to carry out the following activities: 
‘‘(1) Implement a comprehensive plan as 
described in section 4206(b)(4). 
‘‘(2) Programs and activities that address 
the needs of the schools served by the eligi-ble entity as identified by the needs and as-sets assessment in section 4206(b)(1), which may include— 
‘‘(A) violence prevention programs, includ-
ing— 
‘‘(i) programs to provide safe passage to 
and from school; 
‘‘(ii) programs to prevent and appro-
priately respond to incidents of bullying and harassment (including professional develop-ment for teachers and other school per-sonnel); 
‘‘(iii) programs that promote positive 
school environments for learning and reduce the need for suspensions, expulsions, referral to law enforcement, and other practices that remove students from instruction; 
‘‘(iv) conflict resolution and restorative 
practice and mediation programs; 
‘‘(v) activities that involve families, com-
munity sectors (which may include appro-priately trained seniors) and a variety of providers in setting clear expectations against violence and appropriate con-sequences of violence; 
‘‘(vi) professional development and train-
ing for, and involvement of, school per-sonnel, specialized instructional personnel, parents, and interested community members in prevention, education, early identification and intervention, mentoring, or rehabilita-tion referral, as related to violence preven-tion; 
‘‘(vii) reporting criminal offenses com-
mitted on school property; ‘‘(viii) emergency intervention services fol-
lowing traumatic crisis events, such as a shooting, a mass casualty event, or a major accident that has disrupted the learning en-vironment; 
‘‘(ix) establishing and maintaining a school 
safety hotline; 
‘‘(x) programs to train school personnel to 
identify warning signs of youth suicide and to create an action plan to help youth at risk of suicide; or 
‘‘(xi) programs that respond to the needs of 
students who are faced with domestic vio-lence or child abuse; 
‘‘(B) drug and alcohol abuse prevention 
programs, including— 
‘‘(i) age appropriate and developmentally 
based activities that— 
‘‘(I) address the consequences of violence 
and illegal use of drugs, as appropriate; 
‘‘(II) promote a sense of individual respon-
sibility and teach students that most people do not illegally use drugs; 
‘‘(III) teach students to recognize social 
and peer pressure to use drugs illegally and the skills for resisting illegal drug use; and 
‘‘(IV) teach students about the dangers of 
emerging drugs; 
‘‘(ii) activities that involve families, com-
munity sectors (which may include appro-priately trained seniors) and a variety of providers in setting clear expectations against illegal use of drugs and appropriate consequences for illegal use of drugs; 
‘‘(iii) dissemination of drug prevention in-
formation to schools and communities; 
‘‘(iv) professional development and train-
ing for, and involvement of, school per-sonnel, specialized instructional support per-sonnel, parents, and interested community members in prevention, education, early identification and intervention, mentoring, or rehabilitation referral, as related to drug prevention; or 
‘‘(v) community wide planning and orga-
nizing to reduce illegal drug use; 
‘‘(C) evidence-based and promising prac-
tices related to juvenile delinquency and criminal street gang activity prevention and intervention for youth who are involved in, or at risk of involvement in, juvenile delin-quency or street gang activity (that shall in-volve multiple community partners within the local eligible entity through coordina-tion with a local Promise Coordinating Council); 
‘‘(D) recruiting, hiring, and maintaining 
specialized instructional support personnel or providing additional specialized instruc-tional support services, including com-prehensive career counseling, with priority given to the highest need schools to be served by the eligible entity; 
‘‘(E) implementing multi-tiered systems of 
support including positive behavior supports; 
‘‘(F) support services to address the behav-
ioral, emotional, physical health, mental health and social needs of students, includ-ing— 
‘‘(i) social and emotional learning pro-
grams; 
‘‘(ii) mentoring programs; ‘‘(iii) physical fitness, health education, 
and nutrition education programs; 
‘‘(iv) trauma-informed practices; ‘‘(v) programs to meet the unique needs of 
students with active-duty military and re-cently discharged veteran parents; and 
‘‘(vi) programs to purchase and train per-
sonnel to use automated external defibrillators and hemorrhage control kits; 
‘‘(G) services and programs to support edu-
cation of pregnant and parenting teens; 
‘‘(H) programs that enable schools to pre-
pare for, respond to, and recover from disas-ters, crises and emergencies that threaten 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:10 Feb 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27FE7.011 H27FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1426 February 27, 2015 
safety or disrupt teaching and learning, in-
cluding programs to purchase and train per-sonnel to use automated external defibrillators and hemorrhage control kits; 
‘‘(I) other pipeline services; or ‘‘(J) other services consistent with this 
section. 
‘‘SEC. 4208. ACCOUNTABILITY AND TRANS-
PARENCY. 
‘‘(a) L OCAL ACCOUNTABILITY AND TRANS -
PARENCY .—On an annual basis, each local eli-
gible entity shall report to the public and the State such information as the State may reasonably require, including— 
‘‘(1) the number of students, aggregated 
and disaggregated by subgroup as described in section 1111(c)(3)(A) who were served by the programs and activities in this part; 
‘‘(2) the programs and services provided 
under this Act; 
‘‘(3) outcomes resulting from activities and 
services funded under this part, aggregated and disaggregated by subgroup as described in section 1111(c)(3)(A) on the following indi-cators— 
‘‘(A) student academic achievement as 
measured by State academic assessments and student growth over time as described in section 1111(b)(3); 
‘‘(B) for diploma granting schools, gradua-
tion rates; 
‘‘(C) student attendance; ‘‘(D) suspensions and expulsions; ‘‘(E) performance on a set of other indica-
tors that shall be based on the activities and services implemented based on the results of the needs assessment described in section 4206(b)(1) and may include— 
‘‘(i) the frequency, seriousness, and inci-
dence of violence, including bullying and harassment, and drug related offenses result-ing in suspensions and expulsions; 
‘‘(ii) the incidence and prevalence, age of 
onset, perception of health risk, and percep-tion of social disapproval of drug use and vi-olence by youth in schools and communities; 
‘‘(iii) the safety of both the school and pas-
sage to and from school, as measured by a school climate survey; 
‘‘(iv) as appropriate, rate of earned on-time 
promotion from grade to grade; 
‘‘(v) for diploma granting schools, the per-
centage of students taking a college pre-paratory curriculum, or student rates of en-rollment, persistence, and attainment of an associate or baccalaureate degree; 
‘‘(vi) academic and developmental transi-
tions, including from elementary to middle school and middle school to high school; 
‘‘(vii) referrals to school resource per-
sonnel; 
‘‘(viii) evidence of increased parent and 
family engagement and support for chil-dren’s learning; 
‘‘(ix) evidence of increased student engage-
ment in school, which may include com-pleting of assignments and coming to class prepared and on-time; 
‘‘(x) student health, including mental 
health, the number and percentage of stu-dents who participate in at least 30 minutes of moderate to vigorous physical activity 5 days a week, and the amelioration of risk factors; 
‘‘(F) for early childhood education and kin-
dergarten programs, the number and per-centage of children who demonstrate, at the beginning of the program or school year, age-appropriate functioning across multiple domains of early learning as determined using developmentally appropriate early learning measures; and 
‘‘(G) other outcome areas as determined by 
the State educational agency. 
‘‘(b) S
TATE ACCOUNTABILITY AND TRANS -
PARENCY .—On an annual basis, each State 
educational agency that receives funds under this part shall annually prepare and submit to the Secretary a report that contains all 
reports submitted by local eligible entities under the jurisdiction of the agency provided under (a). 
‘‘(c) S
UPPLEMENT , NOTSUPPLANT .—Grant 
funds provided under this part shall be used to supplement, and not supplant, other Fed-eral, State, or local funds that would, in the absence of such grant funds, be made avail-able for comprehensive systems of learning supports and students participating in pro-grams under this part. 
‘‘(d) P
UBLICATION AND AVAILABILITY OF RE-
PORT .—The Secretary shall publish and make 
widely available to the public, including through a website or other means, a sum-mary of the reports received under (b). 
‘‘SEC. 4209. DEFINITIONS. 
‘‘(a) For purposes of this part— ‘‘(1) I
NCIDENT DATA .—The term ‘incident 
data’ means data from incident reports by school officials including, but not limited to, truancy rates; the frequency, seriousness, and incidence of violence and drug-related offenses resulting in suspensions and expul-sions; the incidence of bullying and harass-ment, and the incidence and prevalence of drug use and violence by students in schools. 
‘‘(2) C
OMPREHENSIVE SYSTEM OF LEARNING  
SUPPORTS .—The term ‘comprehensive system 
of learning supports’ means the multi-faceted, and cohesive resources, strategies, and practices that provide class-room based or school-wide interventions to address the academic, behavioral, emotional, physical health, mental health, and social needs of students and families to improve student learning, teacher instruction and school management. 
‘‘(3) L
OCAL ELIGIBLE ENTITY .—The term 
‘local eligible entity’ means a consortium consisting of community representatives that— 
‘‘(A) shall include— ‘‘(i) a local educational agency; ‘‘(ii) not less than 1 other community part-
ner organization; and 
‘‘(B) may include a broad array of commu-
nity partners, including a community based organization, a child and youth serving orga-nization, an institution of higher education, an Indian tribe or tribal organization (as de-fined in section 4 of the Indian Self-Deter-mination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 450b)), a foundation, a business, a local government, including a local govern-mental agency serving children and youth such as a child welfare and juvenile justice agency; students, and parents; and may in-clude representatives from multiple jurisdic-tions. 
‘‘(4) M
ULTI-TIERED SYSTEM OF SUPPORT .— 
The term ‘multi-tiered system of support’ means a comprehensive system of differen-tiated supports that includes evidence-based instruction, universal screening, progress monitoring, formative assessments, re-search-based interventions matched to stu-dent needs and educational decisionmaking using student outcome data. 
‘‘(5) B
ULLYING .—The term ‘bullying’— 
‘‘(A) means conduct, including electronic 
communication, that adversely affects the ability of 1 or more students to participate in and benefit from the school’s educational programs or activities by placing the student (or students) in reasonable fear of physical harm; and 
‘‘(B) includes conduct that is based on— ‘‘(i) a student’s actual or perceived— ‘‘(I) race; ‘‘(II) color; ‘‘(III) national origin; ‘‘(IV) sex; ‘‘(V) disability ‘‘(VI) sexual orientation; ‘‘(VII) gender identity; ‘‘(VIII) religion; 
‘‘(IX) immigration or migrant status; ‘‘(X) proficiency in the English language; 
or 
‘‘(XI) state of homelessness; ‘‘(ii) any other distinguishing characteris-
tics that may be defined by a State or local educational agency; or 
‘‘(iii) association with a person or group 
with 1 or more of the actual or perceived characteristics listed in clause (i) or (ii). 
‘‘(6) H
ARASSMENT .—The term ‘harass-
ment’— 
‘‘(A) means conduct, including electronic 
communication, that adversely affects the ability of 1 or more students to participate in and benefit from the school’s educational programs or activities because the conduct, as reasonably perceived, is so severe, per-sistent, or persuasive; and 
‘‘(B) includes conduct that is based on— ‘‘(i) a student’s actual or perceived— ‘‘(I) race; ‘‘(II) color; ‘‘(III) national origin; ‘‘(IV) sex; ‘‘(V) disability ‘‘(VI) sexual orientation; ‘‘(VII) gender identity; or ‘‘(VIII) religion; ‘‘(ii) any other distinguishing characteris-
tics that may be defined by a State or local educational agency; or 
‘‘(iii) association with a person or group 
with 1 or more of the actual or perceived characteristics listed in clause (i) or (ii). 
‘‘(7) J
UVENILE DELINQUENCY AND CRIMINAL  
STREET GANG ACTIVITY PREVENTION AND  
INTERVENTION .—The term ‘juvenile delin-
quency and criminal street gang activity prevention and intervention’ means the pro-vision of programs and resources to children and families who have not yet had substan-tial contact with criminal justice or juvenile justice systems or to youth who are involved in, or who are identified by evidence-based risk assessment methods as being at high risk of continued involvement in, juvenile delinquency or criminal street gangs, that— 
‘‘(A) are designed to reduce potential juve-
nile delinquency and criminal street gang activity risks; and 
‘‘(B) are evidence-based or promising edu-
cational, health, mental health, school- based, community-based, faith-based, par-enting, job training, social opportunities and experiences, or other programs, for youth and their families, that have been dem-onstrated to be effective in reducing juvenile delinquency and criminal street gang activ-ity risks. 
‘‘(8) PROMISE 
COORDINATING COUNCILS .— 
The members of a PROMISE Coordinating Council shall be representatives of public and private sector entities and individuals that— 
‘‘(A) shall include, to the extent possible, 
at least one representative from each of the following: 
‘‘(i) the local chief executive’s office; ‘‘(ii) a local educational agency; ‘‘(iii) a local health agency or provider; ‘‘(iv) a local mental health agency or pro-
vider, unless the representative under clause (iii)) also meets the requirements of this sub-paragraph; 
‘‘(v) a local public housing agency; ‘‘(vi) a local law enforcement agency; ‘‘(vii) a local child welfare agency; ‘‘(viii) a local juvenile court; ‘‘(ix) a local juvenile prosecutor’s office; ‘‘(x) a private juvenile residential care en-
tity; 
‘‘(xi) a local juvenile public defender’s of-
fice; 
‘‘(xii) a State juvenile correctional entity; ‘‘(xiii) a local business community rep-
resentative; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:10 Feb 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27FE7.011 H27FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1427 February 27, 2015 
‘‘(xiv) a local faith-based community rep-
resentative; 
‘‘(B) shall include two representatives from 
each of the following: 
‘‘(i) parents who have minor children, and 
who have an interest in the local juvenile or criminal justice systems; 
‘‘(ii) youth between the ages of 15 and 24 
who reside in the jurisdiction of the unit or Tribe; and 
‘‘(iii) members from nonprofit community- 
based organizations that provide effective delinquency prevention and intervention to youth in the jurisdiction of the eligible enti-ty; and 
‘‘(C) may include other members, as appro-
priate. 
‘‘(9) S
PECIALIZED INSTRUCTIONAL SUPPORT  
PERSONNEL .—The term ‘specialized instruc-
tional support personnel’ means school coun-selors, school social workers, school psy-chologists, school nurses, and other qualified professionals involved in providing assess-ment, diagnosis, counseling, educational, therapeutic, medical, and other necessary services (including related services, as such term is defined in section 602 of the Individ-uals with Disabilities in Education Act (20 U.S.C. 1401)) as part of a comprehensive pro-gram to meet student needs. 
‘‘(10) P
IPELINE SERVICES .—The term ‘pipe-
line services’ means a continuum of supports and services for children from birth through college entry, college success, and career at-tainment, including, at a minimum, strate-gies to address through services or programs (including integrated student supports) the following: 
‘‘(A) Prenatal education and support for 
expectant parents. 
‘‘(B) High-quality early learning opportu-
nities. 
‘‘(C) High-quality schools and out-of- 
school-time programs and strategies. 
‘‘(D) Support for a child’s transition to ele-
mentary school, including the administra-tion of a comprehensive school readiness as-sessment. 
‘‘(E) Support for a child’s transition from 
elementary school to middle school, from middle school to high school, and from high school into and through college or into the workforce. 
‘‘(F) Family and community engagement. ‘‘(G) Family and student supports. ‘‘(H) Activities that support college and ca-
reer readiness, including coordination be-tween such activities, such as— 
‘‘(i) assistance with college admissions, fi-
nancial aid, and scholarship applications, es-pecially for low-income and low-achieving students; and 
‘‘(ii) career preparation services and sup-
ports. 
‘‘(I) Neighborhood-based support for col-
lege-age students who have attended the schools in the pipeline, or students who are members of the community, facilitating their continued connection to the commu-nity and success in college and the work-force. 
‘‘SEC. 4210. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIA-
TIONS. 
‘‘There are authorized to be appropriated 
to carry out this part $350,000,000 for fiscal year 2016 and such sums as may be necessary for each succeeding fiscal year. 
‘‘P
ARTC—F ULL-SERVICE COMMUNITY SCHOOLS  
‘‘SEC. 4301. SHORT TITLE. 
‘‘This part may be cited as the ‘Full-Serv-
ice Community Schools Act of 2015’. 
‘‘SEC. 4302. PURPOSES. 
‘‘The purposes of this part are the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(1) Improving student learning and devel-
opment by providing supports for students that enable them to graduate college- and 
career-ready. ‘‘(2) Providing support for the planning, 
implementation, and operation of full-serv-ice community schools. 
‘‘(3) Improving the coordination and inte-
gration, accessibility, and effectiveness of services for children and families, particu-larly for students attending high-poverty schools, including high-poverty rural schools. 
‘‘(4) Enabling educators and school per-
sonnel to complement and enrich efforts to improve academic achievement and other re-sults. 
‘‘(5) Ensuring that children have the phys-
ical, social, and emotional well-being to come to school ready to engage in the learn-ing process every day. 
‘‘(6) Promoting and enabling family and 
community engagement in the education of children. 
‘‘(7) Enabling more efficient use of Federal, 
State, local, and private sector resources that serve children and families. 
‘‘(8) Facilitating the coordination and inte-
gration of programs and services operated by community-based organizations, nonprofit organizations, and State, local, and tribal governments. 
‘‘(9) Engaging students as resources to 
their communities. 
‘‘(10) Engaging the business community 
and other community organizations as part-ners in the development and operation of full-service community schools. 
‘‘SEC. 4303. DEFINITION. 
‘‘In this part, the term ‘full-service com-
munity school’ means a public elementary or secondary school that— 
‘‘(1) participates in a community-based ef-
fort to coordinate and integrate educational, developmental, family, health, and other comprehensive services through community- based organizations and public and private partnerships; and 
‘‘(2) provides access to such services to stu-
dents, families, and the community, such as access during the school year (including before- and after-school hours and week-ends), as well as during the summer. 
‘‘SEC. 4304. LOCAL PROGRAMS. 
‘‘(a) G RANTS .—The Secretary may award 
grants to eligible entities to assist public el-ementary or secondary schools to function as full-service community schools. 
‘‘(b) U
SE OF FUNDS .—Grants awarded under 
this section shall be used to— 
‘‘(1) coordinate not less than 3 existing 
qualified services and provide not less than 2 additional qualified services at 2 or more public elementary or secondary schools; 
‘‘(2) integrate multiple services into a com-
prehensive, coordinated continuum sup-ported by research-based activities which achieve the performance goals established under subsection (c)(4)(E) to meet the holis-tic needs of young people; and 
‘‘(3) if applicable, coordinate and integrate 
services provided by community-based orga-nizations and government agencies with services provided by specialized instruc-tional support personnel. 
‘‘(c) A
PPLICATION .—To seek a grant under 
this section, an eligible entity shall submit an application to the Secretary at such time and in such manner as the Secretary may re-quire. The Secretary shall require that each such application include the following: 
‘‘(1) A description of the eligible entity. ‘‘(2) A memorandum of understanding 
among all partner entities that will assist the eligible entity to coordinate and provide qualified services and that describes the roles the partner entities will assume. 
‘‘(3) A description of the capacity of the el-
igible entity to coordinate and provide quali-fied services at 2 or more full-service com-munity schools. ‘‘(4) A comprehensive plan that includes 
descriptions of the following: 
‘‘(A) The student, family, and school com-
munity to be served, including information about demographic characteristics that in-clude major racial and ethnic groups, median family income, percent of students eligible for free- and reduced-price lunch, and other information. 
‘‘(B) A needs assessment that identifies the 
academic, physical, social, emotional, health, mental health, and other needs of students, families, and community residents. 
‘‘(C) A community assets assessment which 
identifies existing resources which could be aligned. 
‘‘(D) The most appropriate metric to de-
scribe the plan’s reach within a community using either— 
‘‘(i) the number of families and students to 
be served, and the frequency of services; or 
‘‘(ii) the proportion of families and stu-
dents to be served, and the frequency of serv-ices. 
‘‘(E) Yearly measurable performance goals, 
including an increase in the percentage of families and students targeted for services each year of the program, which are con-sistent with the following objectives: 
‘‘(i) Children are ready for school. ‘‘(ii) Students are engaged and achieving 
academically. 
‘‘(iii) Students are physically, mentally, 
socially, and emotionally healthy. 
‘‘(iv) Schools and neighborhoods are safe 
and provide a positive climate for learning that is free from bullying or harassment. 
‘‘(v) Families are supportive and engaged 
in their children’s education. 
‘‘(vi) Students and families are prepared 
for postsecondary education and 21st century careers. 
‘‘(vii) Students are contributing to their 
communities. 
‘‘(F) Performance measures to monitor 
progress toward attainment of the goals es-tablished under subparagraph (E), including a combination of the following, to the extent applicable: 
‘‘(i) Multiple objective measures of student 
achievement, including assessments, class-room grades, and other means of assessing student performance. 
‘‘(ii) Attendance (including absences re-
lated to illness and truancy) and chronic ab-senteeism rates. 
‘‘(iii) Disciplinary actions against stu-
dents, including suspensions and expulsions. 
‘‘(iv) Access to health care and treatment 
of illnesses demonstrated to impact aca-demic achievement. 
‘‘(v) Performance in making progress to-
ward intervention services goals as estab-lished by specialized instructional support personnel. 
‘‘(vi) Participation rates by parents and 
family members in school-sanctioned activi-ties and activities that occur as a result of community and school collaboration, as well as activities intended to support adult edu-cation and workforce development. 
‘‘(vii) Number and percentage of students 
and family members provided services under this part. 
‘‘(viii) Valid measures of postsecondary 
education and career readiness. 
‘‘(ix) Service-learning and community 
service participation rates. 
‘‘(x) student satisfaction surveys. ‘‘(G) Qualified services, including existing 
and additional qualified services, to be co-ordinated and provided by the eligible entity and its partner entities, including an expla-nation of— 
‘‘(i) why such services have been selected; ‘‘(ii) how such services will improve stu-
dent academic achievement; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:10 Feb 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27FE7.011 H27FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1428 February 27, 2015 
‘‘(iii) how such services will address per-
formance goals established under subpara-graph (E). 
‘‘(H) Plans to ensure that each site has 
full-time coordination of qualified services at each full-service community school, in-cluding coordination with existing special-ized instructional support personnel. 
‘‘(I) Planning, coordination, management, 
and oversight of qualified services at each school to be served, including the role of the school principal, partner entities, parents, and members of the community. 
‘‘(J) Funding sources for qualified services 
to be coordinated and provided at each school to be served, whether such funding is derived from a grant under this section or from other Federal, State, local, or private sources. 
‘‘(K) Plans for professional development 
for personnel managing, coordinating, or de-livering qualified services at the schools to be served. 
‘‘(L) Plans for joint utilization and mainte-
nance of school facilities by the eligible enti-ty and its partner entities. 
‘‘(M) How the eligible entity and its part-
ner entities will focus services on schools eli-gible for a schoolwide program under section 1114. 
‘‘(N) Plans for periodic evaluation based 
upon attainment of the performance meas-ures described in subparagraph (F). 
‘‘(O) How the qualified services will meet 
the principles of effectiveness described in subsection (d). 
‘‘(5) A plan for sustaining the programs 
and services outlined in this part. 
‘‘(d) P
RINCIPLES OF EFFECTIVENESS .—For a 
program developed pursuant to this section to meet principles of effectiveness, such pro-gram shall be based upon— 
‘‘(1) an assessment of objective data re-
garding the need for the establishment of a full-service community school and qualified services at each school to be served and in the community involved; 
‘‘(2) an established set of performance 
measures aimed at ensuring the availability and effectiveness of high-quality services; and 
‘‘(3) if appropriate, scientifically based re-
search that provides evidence that the quali-fied services involved will help students meet State and local student academic achievement standards. 
‘‘(e) P
RIORITY .—In awarding grants under 
this section, the Secretary shall give pri-ority to eligible entities that— 
‘‘(1)(A) will serve a minimum of 2 or more 
full-service community schools eligible for a schoolwide program under section 1114, as part of a community- or district-wide strat-egy; or 
‘‘(B) include a local educational agency 
that satisfies the requirements of— 
‘‘(i) subparagraph (A) or (B) of section 
6211(b)(1); or 
‘‘(ii) subparagraphs (A) and (B) of section 
6221(b)(1); and 
‘‘(2) will be connected to a consortium 
comprised of a broad representation of stakeholders, or a consortium demonstrating a history of effectiveness. 
‘‘(f) G
RANT PERIOD .—Each grant awarded 
under this section shall be for a period of 5 years and may be renewed at the discretion of the Secretary based on the eligible enti-ty’s demonstrated effectiveness in meeting the performance goals and measures estab-lished under subparagraphs (E) and (F) of subsection (c)(4). 
‘‘(g) P
LANNING .—The Secretary may au-
thorize an eligible entity to use grant funds under this section for planning purposes in an amount not greater than 10 percent of the total grant amount. 
‘‘(h) M
INIMUM AMOUNT .—The Secretary 
may not award a grant to an eligible entity under this section in an amount that is less 
than $75,000 for each year of the 5-year grant period. 
‘‘(i) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section— 
‘‘(1) the term ‘additional qualified services’ 
means qualified services directly funded under this part; 
‘‘(2) the term ‘eligible entity’ means a con-
sortium of 1 or more local educational agen-cies and 1 or more community-based organi-zations, nonprofit organizations, or other public or private entities; 
‘‘(3) the term ‘existing qualified services’ 
means qualified services already being fi-nanced, as of the time of the application, by Federal, State, local or private sources, or volunteer activities being supported as of such time by civic, business, faith-based, so-cial, and other similar organizations; and 
‘‘(4) the term ‘qualified services’ means 
any of the following: 
‘‘(A) Early childhood education. ‘‘(B) Remedial education activities and en-
richment activities, including expanded learning time. 
‘‘(C) Summer or after-school enrichment 
and learning experiences. 
‘‘(D) Programs under the Head Start Act, 
including Early Head Start programs. 
‘‘(E) Nurse home visitation services. ‘‘(F) Teacher home visiting. ‘‘(G) Programs that promote parental in-
volvement and family literacy, including the Reading First and Early Reading First pro-grams authorized under part B of title I. 
‘‘(H) Mentoring and other youth develop-
ment programs, including peer mentoring and conflict mediation. 
‘‘(I) Parent leadership development activi-
ties. 
‘‘(J) Parenting education activities. ‘‘(K) Child care services. ‘‘(L) Community service and service-learn-
ing opportunities. 
‘‘(M) Developmentally appropriate phys-
ical education. 
‘‘(N) Programs that provide assistance to 
students who have been truant, suspended, or expelled. 
‘‘(O) Job training, internship opportuni-
ties, and career counseling services. 
‘‘(P) Nutrition services. ‘‘(Q) Primary health and dental care. ‘‘(R) Mental health counseling services. ‘‘(S) Adult education, including instruction 
in English as a second language. 
‘‘(T) Juvenile crime prevention and reha-
bilitation programs. 
‘‘(U) Specialized instructional support 
services. 
‘‘(V) Homeless prevention services. ‘‘(W) Other services consistent with this 
part. 
‘‘SEC. 4305. STATE PROGRAMS. 
‘‘(a) G RANTS .—The Secretary may award 
grants to State collaboratives to support the development of full-service community school programs in accordance with this sec-tion. 
‘‘(b) U
SE OF FUNDS .—Grants awarded under 
this section shall be used only for the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(1) Developing a State comprehensive re-
sults and indicators framework to imple-ment full-service community schools, con-sistent with performance goals described in section 4304(c)(4)(E). 
‘‘(2) Planning, coordinating, and expanding 
the development of full-service community schools in the State, particularly schools in high-poverty local educational agencies, in-cluding high-poverty rural local educational agencies. 
‘‘(3) Providing technical assistance and 
training for full-service community schools, including professional development for per-sonnel and creation of data collection and evaluation systems. ‘‘(4) Collecting, evaluating, and reporting 
data about the progress of full-service com-munity schools. 
‘‘(5) Evaluating the impact of State and 
Federal policies and guidelines on the ability of eligible entities (as defined in section 4304(i)) to integrate Federal and State pro-grams at full-service community schools, and taking action to make necessary changes. 
‘‘(c) A
PPLICATION .—To seek a grant under 
this section, a State collaborative shall sub-mit an application to the Secretary at such time and in such manner as the Secretary may require. The Secretary shall require that each such application include the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(1) A memorandum of understanding 
among all governmental agencies and non-profit organizations that will participate as members of the State collaborative. 
‘‘(2) A description of the expertise of each 
member of the State collaborative— 
‘‘(A) in coordinating Federal and State 
programs across multiple agencies; 
‘‘(B) in working with and developing the 
capacity of full-service community schools; and 
‘‘(C) in working with high-poverty schools 
or rural schools and local educational agen-cies. 
‘‘(3) A comprehensive plan describing how 
the grant will be used to plan, coordinate, and expand the delivery of services at full- service community schools. 
‘‘(4) A comprehensive accountability plan 
that will be used to demonstrate effective-ness, including the measurable performance goals of the program and performance meas-ures to monitor progress and assess services’ impact on students and families and aca-demic achievement. 
‘‘(5) An explanation of how the State col-
laborative will work to ensure State policies and guidelines can support the development of full-service community schools, as well as provide technical assistance and training, in-cluding professional development, for full- service community schools. 
‘‘(6) An explanation of how the State will 
collect and evaluate information on full- service community schools. 
‘‘(d) G
RANT PERIOD .—Each grant awarded 
under this section shall be for a period of 5 years. 
‘‘(e) M
INIMUM AMOUNT .—The Secretary 
may not award a grant to a State collabo-rative under this section in an amount that is less than $500,000 for each year of the 5- year grant period. 
‘‘(f) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this sec-
tion— 
‘‘(1) the term ‘State’ includes the several 
States, the District of Columbia, the Com-monwealth of Puerto Rico, the Common-wealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, American Samoa, Guam, the United States Virgin Islands, and any other territory or possession of the United States; and 
‘‘(2) the term ‘State collaborative’ means a 
collaborative of a State educational agency and not less than 2 other governmental agen-cies or nonprofit organizations that provide services to children and families. 
‘‘SEC. 4306. ADVISORY COMMITTEE. 
‘‘(a) E STABLISHMENT .—There is hereby es-
tablished an advisory committee to be known as the ‘Full-Service Community Schools Advisory Committee’ (in this sec-tion referred to as the ‘Advisory Com-mittee’). 
‘‘(b) D
UTIES .—Subject to subsection (c), the 
Advisory Committee shall— 
‘‘(1) consult with the Secretary on the de-
velopment and implementation of programs under this part; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:10 Feb 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27FE7.011 H27FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1429 February 27, 2015 
‘‘(2) identify strategies to improve the co-
ordination of Federal programs in support of full-service community schools; and 
‘‘(3) issue an annual report to the Congress 
on efforts under this part, including a de-scription of— 
‘‘(A) the results of local and national eval-
uations of such efforts; and 
‘‘(B) the scope of services being coordi-
nated under this part. 
‘‘(c) C
ONSULTATION .—In carrying out its du-
ties under this section, the Advisory Com-mittee shall consult annually with eligible entities awarded grants under section 4304, State collaboratives awarded grants under section 4305, and other entities with exper-tise in operating full-service community schools. 
‘‘(d) M
EMBERS .—The Advisory Committee 
shall consist of 5 members as follows: 
‘‘(1) The Secretary of Education (or the 
Secretary’s delegate). 
‘‘(2) The Attorney General of the United 
States (or the Attorney General’s delegate). 
‘‘(3) The Secretary of Agriculture (or the 
Secretary’s delegate). 
‘‘(4) The Secretary of Health and Human 
Services (or the Secretary’s delegate). 
‘‘(5) The Secretary of Labor (or the Sec-
retary’s delegate). 
‘‘SEC. 4307. GENERAL PROVISIONS. 
‘‘(a) T ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE .—The Sec-
retary, directly or through grants, shall pro-vide such technical assistance as may be ap-propriate to accomplish the purposes of this part. 
‘‘(b) E
VALUATIONS BY SECRETARY .—The 
Secretary shall conduct evaluations on the effectiveness of grants under sections 4304 and 4305 in achieving the purposes of this part. 
‘‘(c) E
VALUATIONS BY GRANTEES .—The Sec-
retary shall require each recipient of a grant under this part— 
‘‘(1) to conduct periodic evaluations of the 
progress achieved with the grant toward achieving the purposes of this part; 
‘‘(2) to use such evaluations to refine and 
improve activities conducted with the grant and the performance measures for such ac-tivities; and 
‘‘(3) to make the results of such evalua-
tions publicly available, including by pro-viding public notice of such availability. 
‘‘(d) C
ONSTRUCTION CLAUSE .—Nothing in 
this part shall be construed to alter or other-wise affect the rights, remedies, and proce-dures afforded school or school district em-ployees under Federal, State, or local laws (including applicable regulations or court or-ders) or under the terms of collective bar-gaining agreements, memoranda of under-standing, or other agreements between such employees and their employers. 
‘‘(e) S
UPPLEMENT , NOTSUPPLANT .—Funds 
made available to a grantee under this part may be used only to supplement, and not supplant, any other Federal, State, or local funds that would otherwise be available to carry out the activities assisted under this part. 
‘‘(f) M
ATCHING FUNDS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall re-
quire each recipient of a grant under this part to provide matching funds from non- Federal sources in an amount determined under paragraph (2). 
‘‘(2) D
ETERMINATION OF AMOUNT OF MATCH .— 
‘‘(A) S LIDING SCALE .—Subject to subpara-
graph (B), the Secretary shall determine the amount of matching funds to be required of a grantee under this subsection based on a sliding fee scale that takes into account— 
‘‘(i) the relative poverty of the population 
to be targeted by the grantee; and 
‘‘(ii) the ability of the grantee to obtain 
such matching funds. ‘‘(B) M
AXIMUM AMOUNT .—The Secretary 
may not require any grantee under this sec-tion to provide matching funds in an amount that exceeds the amount of the grant award. 
‘‘(3) I
N-KIND CONTRIBUTIONS .—The Sec-
retary shall permit grantees under this sec-tion to match funds in whole or in part with in-kind contributions. 
‘‘(4) C
ONSIDERATION .—Notwithstanding this 
subsection, the Secretary shall not consider an applicant’s ability to match funds when determining which applicants will receive grants under this part. 
‘‘(g) S
PECIAL RULE.—Entities receiving 
funds under this part shall comply with all existing Federal statutes that prohibit dis-crimination. 
‘‘SEC. 4308. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIA-
TIONS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—There are authorized to 
be appropriated to carry out this part such sums as may be necessary for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2020. 
‘‘(b) A
LLOCATION .—Of the amounts appro-
priated to carry out this part for each fiscal year— 
‘‘(1) 85 percent shall be for section 4304, and 
of the funds allocated for new grants under such section, at least 10 percent shall be made available for local educational agen-cies that satisfy the requirements of— 
‘‘(A) subparagraph (A) or (B) of section 
6211(b)(1); or 
‘‘(B) subparagraphs (A) and (B) of section 
6221(b)(1); 
‘‘(2) 10 percent shall be for section 4305; and ‘‘(3) 5 percent shall be for subsections (a) 
and (b) of section 4307, of which not less than $500,000 shall be for technical assistance under section 4307(a). 
‘‘P
ARTD—G ENERAL PROVISIONS  
‘‘SEC. 4401. PROHIBITED USE OF FUNDS. 
‘‘No funds under this title may be used 
for— 
‘‘(1) the development, establishment, im-
plementation, or enforcement of zero-toler-ance school discipline policies unless other-wise required by Federal law; and 
‘‘(2) law enforcement agencies or local po-
lice departments serving a school or local educational agency— 
‘‘(A) with substantial documented excesses 
or racial disparities in the use of exclu-sionary discipline; 
‘‘(B) operating under an open school deseg-
regation order, whether court ordered or vol-untary; 
‘‘(C) operating under a pattern or practice 
consent decree for civil rights violations; or 
‘‘(D) already receiving substantial Federal 
funds for the placement of law enforcement in schools.’’. 
TITLE V—WELL-ROUNDED STUDENTS AND 
ENGAGED FAMILIES 
Subtitle A—Public Charter Schools 
SEC. 501. SUBPART HEADING; PURPOSE. 
(a) S UBPART HEADING .—The heading for 
subpart 1 of part B of title V (20 U.S.C. 7221 et seq.) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘ Char-
ter School Program ’’. 
(b) P
URPOSE .—Section 5201 (20 U.S.C. 7221) 
is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 5201. PURPOSE. 
‘‘It is the purpose of this subpart to— ‘‘(1) improve the United States education 
system and education opportunities for all Americans by supporting innovation in pub-lic education in public school settings that prepare students to compete and contribute to the global economy; 
‘‘(2) provide financial assistance for the 
planning, program design, and initial imple-mentation of charter schools; 
‘‘(3) expand the number of high-quality 
charter schools available to students across the Nation; ‘‘(4) evaluate the impact of such schools on 
student achievement, families, and commu-nities, and share best practices between charter schools and other public schools; 
‘‘(5) encourage States to provide support to 
charter schools for facilities financing in an amount more nearly commensurate to the amount the States have typically provided for traditional public schools; 
‘‘(6) improve student services to increase 
opportunities for students with disabilities, English learners, and other traditionally un-derserved students to attend charter schools and meet challenging State academic achievement standards; 
‘‘(7) support efforts to strengthen the char-
ter school authorizing process to improve performance management, including trans-parency, oversight, monitoring, and evalua-tion of such schools; and 
‘‘(8) support quality accountability and 
transparency in the operational performance of all authorized public chartering agencies, which include State educational agencies, local educational agencies, and other author-izing entities.’’. 
SEC. 502. PROGRAM AUTHORIZED. 
Section 5202 (20 U.S.C. 7221a) is amended to 
read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 5202. PROGRAM AUTHORIZED. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—This subpart authorizes 
the Secretary to carry out a charter school program that supports charter schools that serve elementary school and secondary school students by— 
‘‘(1) supporting the startup of charter 
schools, and the replication and expansion of high-quality charter schools; 
‘‘(2) assisting charter schools in accessing 
credit to acquire and renovate facilities for school use; and 
‘‘(3) carrying out national activities to 
support— 
‘‘(A) charter school development; ‘‘(B) the dissemination of best practices of 
charter schools for all schools; 
‘‘(C) the evaluation of the impact of the 
program on schools participating in the pro-gram; and 
‘‘(D) stronger charter school authorizing. 
‘‘(b) F
UNDING ALLOTMENT .—From the 
amount made available under section 5211 for a fiscal year, the Secretary shall— 
‘‘(1) reserve 12.5 percent to support charter 
school facilities assistance under section 5204; 
‘‘(2) reserve not more than 10 percent to 
carry out national activities under section 5205; and 
‘‘(3) use the remaining amount after the 
Secretary reserves funds under paragraphs (1) and (2) to carry out section 5203. 
‘‘(c) P
RIOR GRANTS AND SUBGRANTS .—The 
recipient of a grant or subgrant under this subpart or subpart 2, as such subpart was in effect on the day before the date of enact-ment of the Student Success Act, shall con-tinue to receive funds in accordance with the terms and conditions of such grant or subgrant. 
‘‘(d) GAO R
EPORT .—Not later than 3 years 
after the date of enactment of the Student Success Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit a report to the Secretary and Congress that— 
‘‘(1) examines whether the funds author-
ized to be reserved by State entities for ad-ministrative costs under section 5203(b)(1)(C) is appropriate; and 
‘‘(2) if determined not to be appropriate, 
makes recommendations on the appropriate reservation of funding for such administra-tive costs.’’. 
SEC. 503. GRANTS TO SUPPORT HIGH-QUALITY 
CHARTER SCHOOLS. 
Section 5203 (20 U.S.C. 7221b) is amended to 
read as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:10 Feb 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27FE7.011 H27FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1430 February 27, 2015 
‘‘SEC. 5203. GRANTS TO SUPPORT HIGH-QUALITY 
CHARTER SCHOOLS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—From the amount re-
served under section 5202(b)(3), the Secretary shall award grants to State entities having applications approved pursuant to subsection (f) to enable such entities to— 
‘‘(1) award subgrants to eligible applicants 
for opening and preparing to operate— 
‘‘(A) new charter schools; ‘‘(B) replicated, high-quality charter 
school models; or 
‘‘(C) expanded, high-quality charter 
schools; and 
‘‘(2) provide technical assistance to eligible 
applicants and authorized public chartering agencies in carrying out the activities de-scribed in paragraph (1) and work with au-thorized public chartering agencies in the State to improve authorizing quality. 
‘‘(b) S
TATE USES OF FUNDS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—A State entity receiving 
a grant under this section shall— 
‘‘(A) use not less than 90 percent of the 
grant funds to award subgrants to eligible applicants, in accordance with the quality charter school program described in the State entity’s application approved pursuant to subsection (f), for the purposes described in subparagraphs (A) through (C) of sub-section (a)(1); 
‘‘(B) reserve not less than 7 percent of such 
funds to carry out the activities described in subsection (a)(2); and 
‘‘(C) reserve not more than 3 percent of 
such funds for administrative costs which may include technical assistance. 
‘‘(2) C
ONTRACTS AND GRANTS .—A State enti-
ty may use a grant received under this sec-tion to carry out the activities described in subparagraphs (A) and (B) of paragraph (1) directly or through grants, contracts, or co-operative agreements. 
‘‘(3) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
this Act shall prohibit the Secretary from awarding grants to States that use a weight-ed lottery to give slightly better chances for admission to all, or a subset of, education-ally disadvantaged students if— 
‘‘(A) the use of weighted lotteries in favor 
of such students is not prohibited by State law, and such State law is consistent with laws described in section 5210(1)(G); and 
‘‘(B) such weighted lotteries are not used 
for the purpose of creating schools exclu-sively to serve a particular subset of stu-dents. 
‘‘(c) P
ROGRAM PERIODS ; P EER REVIEW ; 
GRANT NUMBER AND AMOUNT ; DIVERSITY OF  
PROJECTS ; WAIVERS .— 
‘‘(1) P ROGRAM PERIODS .— 
‘‘(A) G RANTS .—A grant awarded by the Sec-
retary to a State entity under this section shall be for a period of not more than 5 years. 
‘‘(B) S
UBGRANTS .—A subgrant awarded by a 
State entity under this section shall be for a period of not more than 5 years, of which an eligible applicant may use not more than 18 months for planning and program design. 
‘‘(2) P
EER REVIEW .—The Secretary, and 
each State entity receiving a grant under this section, shall use a peer review process to review applications for assistance under this section. 
‘‘(3) G
RANT AWARDS .—The Secretary shall— 
‘‘(A) for each fiscal year for which funds 
are appropriated under section 5211— 
‘‘(i) award not less than 3 grants under this 
section; 
‘‘(ii) wholly fund each grant awarded under 
this section, without making continuation awards; and 
‘‘(iii) fully obligate the funds appropriated 
for the purpose of awarding grants under this section in the fiscal year for which such grants are awarded; and ‘‘(B) prior to the start of the final year of 
the grant period of each grant awarded under this section to a State entity, review wheth-er the State entity is using the grant funds for the agreed upon uses of funds and wheth-er the full amount of the grant will be need-ed for the remainder of the grant period and may, as determined necessary based on that review, terminate or reduce the amount of the grant and reallocate the remaining grant funds to other State entities during the suc-ceeding grant competition under this sec-tion. 
‘‘(4) D
IVERSITY OF PROJECTS .—Each State 
entity receiving a grant under this section shall award subgrants under this section in a manner that, to the extent possible, ensures that such subgrants— 
‘‘(A) are distributed throughout different 
areas, including urban, suburban, and rural areas; and 
‘‘(B) will assist charter schools rep-
resenting a variety of educational ap-proaches. 
‘‘(5) W
AIVERS .—The Secretary may waive 
any statutory or regulatory requirement over which the Secretary exercises adminis-trative authority except any such require-ment relating to the elements of a charter school described in section 5210(1), if— 
‘‘(A) the waiver is requested in an approved 
application under this section; and 
‘‘(B) the Secretary determines that grant-
ing such a waiver will promote the purpose of this subpart. 
‘‘(d) L
IMITATIONS .— 
‘‘(1) G RANTS .—The Secretary shall not 
award a grant to a State entity under this section in a case in which such award would result in more than 1 grant awarded under this section being carried out in a State at the same time. 
‘‘(2) S
UBGRANTS .—An eligible applicant 
may not receive more than 1 subgrant under this section per individual charter school for a 5-year period, unless the eligible applicant demonstrates to the State entity not less than 3 years of improved educational results in the areas described in subparagraphs (A) and (D) of section 5210(8) for students en-rolled in such charter school. 
‘‘(e) A
PPLICATIONS .—A State entity desir-
ing to receive a grant under this section 
shall submit an application to the Secretary at such time and in such manner as the Sec-retary may require. The application shall in-clude the following: 
‘‘(1) D
ESCRIPTION OF PROGRAM .—A descrip-
tion of the State entity’s objectives under this section and how the objectives of the program will be carried out, including a de-scription— 
‘‘(A) of how the State entity— ‘‘(i) will support the opening of new char-
ter schools, replicated, high-quality charter school models, or expanded, high-quality charter schools, and a description of the pro-posed number of each type of charter school or model, if applicable, to be opened under the State entity’s program; 
‘‘(ii) will inform eligible charter schools, 
developers, and authorized public chartering agencies of the availability of funds under the program; 
‘‘(iii) will work with eligible applicants to 
ensure that the eligible applicants access all Federal funds that they are eligible to re-ceive, and help the charter schools supported by the applicants and the students attending the charter schools— 
‘‘(I) participate in the Federal programs in 
which the schools and students are eligible to participate; 
‘‘(II) receive the commensurate share of 
Federal funds the schools and students are eligible to receive under such programs; and ‘‘(III) meet the needs of students served 
under such programs, including student with disabilities and English learners; 
‘‘(iv) will have clear plans and procedures 
to assist students enrolled in a charter school that closes or loses its charter to at-tend other high-quality schools; 
‘‘(v) in the case in which the State entity 
is not a State educational agency— 
‘‘(I) will work with the State educational 
agency and the charter schools in the State to maximize charter school participation in Federal and State programs for charter schools; and 
‘‘(II) will work with the State educational 
agency to adequately operate the State enti-ty’s program under this section, where appli-cable; 
‘‘(vi) will ensure each eligible applicant 
that receives a subgrant under the State en-tity’s program to open and prepare to oper-
ate a new charter school, a replicated, high- quality charter school model, or an ex-panded, high-quality charter school— 
‘‘(I) will ensure such school or model meets 
the requirements under section 5210(1); and 
‘‘(II) is prepared to continue to operate 
such school or model, in a manner consistent with the eligible applicant’s application, after the subgrant funds have expired; 
‘‘(vii) will support charter schools in local 
educational agencies with large numbers of schools identified by the State for improve-ment, including supporting the use of char-ter schools to improve, or in turning around, struggling schools; 
‘‘(viii) will work with charter schools to 
promote inclusion of all students, including eliminating any barriers to enrollment for foster youth or unaccompanied homeless youth, and support all students once they are enrolled to promote retention including through the use of fair disciplinary practice; 
‘‘(ix) will work with charter schools on re-
cruitment practices, including efforts to en-gage groups that may otherwise have limited opportunities to participate in charter schools, and to ensure such schools do not have in effect policies or procedures that may create barriers to enrollment of stu-dents, including educationally disadvantaged students, and are in compliance with all Fed-eral and State laws on enrollment practices; 
‘‘(x) will share best and promising prac-
tices between charter schools and other pub-lic schools, including, where appropriate, in-struction and professional development in core academic subjects, and science, tech-nology, engineering, and math education, in-cluding computer science; 
‘‘(xi) will ensure the charter schools re-
ceiving funds under the State entity’s pro-gram meet the educational needs of their students, including students with disabilities and English learners; 
‘‘(xii) will support efforts to increase qual-
ity initiatives, including meeting the quality authorizing elements described in paragraph (2)(E); 
‘‘(xiii) in the case of a State entity not de-
scribed in clause (xiv), will provide oversight of authorizing activity; 
‘‘(xiv) in the case of a State entity defined 
in subsection (i)(4), will work with the State to provide assistance to and oversight of au-thorized public chartering agencies for au-thorizing activity described in clause (xiii); and 
‘‘(xv) will work with eligible applicants re-
ceiving a subgrant under the State entity’s program to support the opening of charter schools or charter school models described in clause (i) that are secondary schools; 
‘‘(B) of the extent to which the State enti-
ty— 
‘‘(i) is able to meet and carry out the prior-
ities listed in subsection (f)(2); and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:10 Feb 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27FE7.011 H27FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1431 February 27, 2015 
‘‘(ii) is working to develop or strengthen a 
cohesive statewide system to support the opening of new charter schools, replicated, high-quality charter school models, or ex-panded, high-quality charter schools; 
‘‘(C) of how the State entity will carry out 
the subgrant competition, including— 
‘‘(i) a description of the application each 
eligible applicant desiring to receive a subgrant will submit, including— 
‘‘(I) a description of the roles and respon-
sibilities of eligible applicants, partner orga-nizations, and management organizations, including the administrative and contrac-tual roles and responsibilities; 
‘‘(II) a description of the quality controls 
agreed to between the eligible applicant and the authorized public chartering agency in-volved, as described in section 1111(d)(1)(I); 
‘‘(III) a description of how the eligible ap-
plicant will solicit and consider input from 
parents and other members of the commu-nity on the implementation and operation of each charter school receiving funds under the State entity’s program; and 
‘‘(IV) a description of the planned activi-
ties and expenditures for the subgrant funds for purposes of opening and preparing to op-erate a new charter school, a replicated, high-quality charter school model, or an ex-panded, high-quality charter school, and how the school or model will maintain financial sustainability after the end of the subgrant period; and 
‘‘(ii) a description of how the State entity 
will review applications; 
‘‘(D) in the case of an entity that partners 
with an outside organization to carry out the State entity’s quality charter school pro-gram, in whole or in part, of the roles and re-sponsibilities of this partner; 
‘‘(E) of how the State entity will help the 
charter schools receiving funds under the State entity’s program consider the trans-portation needs of the schools’ students; and 
‘‘(F) of how the State entity will support 
diverse charter school models, including models that serve rural communities. 
‘‘(2) A
SSURANCES .—Assurances, including a 
description of how the assurances will be met, that— 
‘‘(A) each charter school receiving funds 
under the State entity’s program will have a high degree of autonomy over budget and op-erations; 
‘‘(B) the State entity will support charter 
schools in meeting the educational needs of their students as described in paragraph (1)(A)(xi); 
‘‘(C) the State entity will ensure that the 
authorized public chartering agency of any charter school that receives funds under the State entity’s program— 
‘‘(i) adequately monitors each charter 
school in recruiting, enrolling, and meeting the needs of all students, including students with disabilities and English learners; and 
‘‘(ii) ensures that each charter school solic-
its and considers input from parents and other members of the community on the im-plementation and operation of the school; 
‘‘(D) the State entity will provide adequate 
technical assistance to eligible applicants to— 
‘‘(i) meet the objectives described in 
clauses (viii) and (ix) of paragraph (1)(A) and paragraph (2)(B); and 
‘‘(ii) recruit, enroll, and retain tradition-
ally underserved students, including stu-dents with disabilities and English learners, at rates similar to traditional public schools; 
‘‘(E) the State entity will promote quality 
authorizing, such as through providing tech-nical assistance and supporting all author-ized public chartering agencies in the State to improve the oversight of their charter schools, including by— ‘‘(i) assessing annual performance data of 
the schools, including, as appropriate, grad-uation rates, student academic growth, and rates of student attrition; 
‘‘(ii) reviewing the schools’ independent, 
annual audits of financial statements con-ducted in accordance with generally accept-ed accounting principles, and ensuring any such audits are publically reported; and 
‘‘(iii) holding charter schools accountable 
to the academic, financial, and operational quality controls agreed to between the char-ter school and the authorized public char-tering agency involved, such as through re-newal, non-renewal, or revocation of the school’s charter; 
‘‘(F) the State entity will work to ensure 
that charter schools are included with the traditional public schools in decision-mak-ing about the public school system in the State; and 
‘‘(G) The State entity will ensure that each 
charter school in the State makes publicly available, consistent with the dissemination requirements of the annual State report card, information to help parents make in-formed decisions about the education options available to their children, including infor-mation for each school on— 
‘‘(i) the educational program; ‘‘(ii) student support services; ‘‘(iii) annual performance and enrollment 
data, disaggregated by the groups of stu-dents described in section 1111(c)(3)(A); and 
‘‘(iv) any other information the State re-
quires all other public schools to report for purposes of section 1111(i)(1). 
‘‘(3) R
EQUESTS FOR WAIVERS .—A request 
and justification for waivers of any Federal statutory or regulatory provisions that the State entity believes are necessary for the successful operation of the charter schools that will receive funds under the State enti-ty’s program under this section, and a de-scription of any State or local rules, gen-erally applicable to public schools, that will be waived, or otherwise not apply to such schools or, in the case of a State entity de-fined in subsection (i)(4), a description of how the State entity will work with the State to request necessary waivers where ap-plicable. 
‘‘(f) S
ELECTION CRITERIA ; PRIORITY .— 
‘‘(1) S ELECTION CRITERIA .—The Secretary 
shall award grants to State entities under this section on the basis of the quality of the applications submitted under subsection (e), after taking into consideration— 
‘‘(A) the degree of flexibility afforded by 
the State’s public charter school law and how the State entity will work to maximize the flexibility provided to charter schools under the law; 
‘‘(B) the ambitiousness of the State enti-
ty’s objectives for the quality charter school program carried out under this section; 
‘‘(C) the quality of the strategy for assess-
ing achievement of those objectives; 
‘‘(D) the likelihood that the eligible appli-
cants receiving subgrants under the program will meet those objectives and improve edu-cational results for students; 
‘‘(E) the State entity’s plan to— ‘‘(i) adequately monitor the eligible appli-
cants receiving subgrants under the State entity’s program; 
‘‘(ii) work with the authorized public char-
tering agencies involved to avoid duplication of work for the charter schools and author-ized public chartering agencies; and 
‘‘(iii) provide adequate technical assistance 
and support for— 
‘‘(I) the charter schools receiving funds 
under the State entity’s program; and 
‘‘(II) quality authorizing efforts in the 
State; and 
‘‘(F) the State entity’s plan to solicit and 
consider input from parents and other mem-bers of the community on the implementa-
tion and operation of the charter schools in the State. 
‘‘(2) P
RIORITY .—In awarding grants under 
this section, the Secretary shall give pri-ority to State entities to the extent that they meet the following criteria: 
‘‘(A) In the case of a State entity located 
in a State that allows an entity other than a local educational agency to be an author-ized public chartering agency, the State has a quality authorized public chartering agen-cy that is an entity other than a local edu-cational agency. 
‘‘(B) The State entity is located in a State 
that ensures equitable financing, as com-pared to traditional public schools, for char-ter schools and students in a prompt man-ner. 
‘‘(C) The State entity is located in a State 
that uses charter schools and best practices 
from charter schools to help improve strug-gling schools and local educational agencies. 
‘‘(D) The State entity partners with an or-
ganization that has a demonstrated record of success in developing management organiza-tions to support the development of charter schools in the State. 
‘‘(E) The State entity supports charter 
schools that support at-risk students through activities such as dropout preven-tion, dropout recovery, or comprehensive ca-reer counseling practices. 
‘‘(F) The State entity authorizes all char-
ter schools in the State to serve as school food authorities. 
‘‘(G) The State entity has taken steps to 
ensure that all authorizing public chartering agencies implement quality standards as de-scribed in section 1111(d)(1)(I). 
‘‘(g) L
OCAL USES OF FUNDS .—An eligible ap-
plicant receiving a subgrant under this sec-tion shall use such funds to carry out activi-ties related to opening and preparing to op-erate a new charter school, a replicated, high-quality charter school model, or an ex-panded, high-quality charter school, such as— 
‘‘(1) preparing teachers and school leaders, 
including through professional development; 
‘‘(2) acquiring equipment, educational ma-
terials, and supplies; and 
‘‘(3) necessary renovations and minor fa-
cilities repairs (excluding construction). 
‘‘(h) R
EPORTING REQUIREMENTS .—Each 
State entity receiving a grant under this sec-tion shall submit to the Secretary, at the end of the third year of the 5-year grant pe-riod and at the end of such grant period, a re-port on— 
‘‘(1) the number of students served by each 
subgrant awarded under this section and, if applicable, how many new students were served during each year of the subgrant pe-riod; 
‘‘(2) the progress the State entity made to-
ward meeting the priorities described in sub-section (f)(2), as applicable; 
‘‘(3) how the State entity met the objec-
tives of the quality charter school program described in the State entity’s application under subsection (e), including how the State entity met the objective of sharing best and promising practices described in subsection (e)(1)(A)(x) in areas such as instruction, pro-fessional development, curricula develop-ment, and operations between charter schools and other public schools, and the ex-tent to which, if known, such practices were adopted and implemented by such other pub-lic schools; 
‘‘(4) how the State entity complied with, 
and ensured that eligible applicants com-plied with, the assurances described in the State entity’s application; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:10 Feb 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27FE7.011 H27FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1432 February 27, 2015 
‘‘(5) how the State entity worked with au-
thorized public chartering agencies, includ-ing how the agencies worked with the man-agement company or leadership of the schools that received subgrants under this section; 
‘‘(6) the number of subgrants awarded 
under this section to carry out each of the following: 
‘‘(A) The opening of new charter schools. ‘‘(B) The opening of replicated, high-qual-
ity charter school models. 
‘‘(C) The opening of expanded, high-quality 
charter schools; and 
‘‘(7) how the State entity has worked with 
charter schools receiving funds under the State entity’s program to foster community involvement in the planning for and opening of such schools. 
‘‘(i) S
TATE ENTITY DEFINED .—For purposes 
of this section, the term ‘State entity’ means— 
‘‘(1) a State educational agency; ‘‘(2) a State charter school board; ‘‘(3) a Governor of a State; or ‘‘(4) a charter school support organiza-
tion.’’. 
SEC. 504. FACILITIES FINANCING ASSISTANCE. 
Section 5204 (20 U.S.C. 7221c) is amended to 
read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 5204. FACILITIES FINANCING ASSISTANCE. 
‘‘(a) G RANTS TO ELIGIBLE ENTITIES .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—From the amount re-
served under section 5202(b)(1), the Secretary shall not use less than 50 percent to award grants to eligible entities that have the highest-quality applications approved under subsection (d), after considering the diver-sity of such applications, to demonstrate in-novative methods of assisting charter schools to address the cost of acquiring, con-structing, and renovating facilities by en-hancing the availability of loans or bond fi-nancing. 
‘‘(2) E
LIGIBLE ENTITY DEFINED .—For pur-
poses of this section, the term ‘eligible enti-ty’ means— 
‘‘(A) a public entity, such as a State or 
local governmental entity; 
‘‘(B) a private nonprofit entity; or ‘‘(C) a consortium of entities described in 
subparagraphs (A) and (B). 
‘‘(b) G
RANTEE SELECTION .—The Secretary 
shall evaluate each application submitted under subsection (d), and shall determine whether the application is sufficient to merit approval. 
‘‘(c) G
RANT CHARACTERISTICS .—Grants 
under subsection (a) shall be of a sufficient size, scope, and quality so as to ensure an ef-fective demonstration of an innovative means of enhancing credit for the financing of charter school acquisition, construction, or renovation. 
‘‘(d) A
PPLICATIONS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—To receive a grant under 
subsection (a), an eligible entity shall sub-mit to the Secretary an application in such form as the Secretary may reasonably re-quire. 
‘‘(2) C
ONTENTS .—An application submitted 
under paragraph (1) shall contain— 
‘‘(A) a statement identifying the activities 
proposed to be undertaken with funds re-ceived under subsection (a), including how the eligible entity will determine which charter schools will receive assistance, and how much and what types of assistance char-ter schools will receive; 
‘‘(B) a description of the involvement of 
charter schools in the application’s develop-ment and the design of the proposed activi-ties; 
‘‘(C) a description of the eligible entity’s 
expertise in capital market financing; 
‘‘(D) a description of how the proposed ac-
tivities will leverage the maximum amount of private-sector financing capital relative 
to the amount of public funding used and otherwise enhance credit available to char-ter schools, including how the eligible entity will offer a combination of rates and terms more favorable than the rates and terms that a charter school could receive without assistance from the eligible entity under this section; 
‘‘(E) a description of how the eligible enti-
ty possesses sufficient expertise in education to evaluate the likelihood of success of a charter school program for which facilities financing is sought; and 
‘‘(F) in the case of an application sub-
mitted by a State governmental entity, a de-scription of the actions that the entity has taken, or will take, to ensure that charter schools within the State receive the funding the charter schools need to have adequate fa-cilities. 
‘‘(e) C
HARTER SCHOOL OBJECTIVES .—An eli-
gible entity receiving a grant under this sec-tion shall use the funds deposited in the re-serve account established under subsection (f) to assist one or more charter schools to access private sector capital to accomplish one or more of the following objectives: 
‘‘(1) The acquisition (by purchase, lease, 
donation, or otherwise) of an interest (in-cluding an interest held by a third party for the benefit of a charter school) in improved or unimproved real property that is nec-essary to commence or continue the oper-ation of a charter school. 
‘‘(2) The construction of new facilities, or 
the renovation, repair, or alteration of exist-ing facilities, necessary to commence or con-tinue the operation of a charter school. 
‘‘(3) The predevelopment costs required to 
assess sites for purposes of paragraph (1) or (2) and which are necessary to commence or continue the operation of a charter school. 
‘‘(f) R
ESERVE ACCOUNT .— 
‘‘(1) U SE OF FUNDS .—To assist charter 
schools to accomplish the objectives de-scribed in subsection (e), an eligible entity receiving a grant under subsection (a) shall, in accordance with State and local law, di-rectly or indirectly, alone or in collabora-tion with others, deposit the funds received under subsection (a) (other than funds used for administrative costs in accordance with subsection (g)) in a reserve account estab-lished and maintained by the eligible entity for this purpose. Amounts deposited in such account shall be used by the eligible entity for one or more of the following purposes: 
‘‘(A) Guaranteeing, insuring, and rein-
suring bonds, notes, evidences of debt, loans, and interests therein, the proceeds of which are used for an objective described in sub-section (e). 
‘‘(B) Guaranteeing and insuring leases of 
personal and real property for an objective described in subsection (e). 
‘‘(C) Facilitating financing by identifying 
potential lending sources, encouraging pri-vate lending, and other similar activities that directly promote lending to, or for the benefit of, charter schools. 
‘‘(D) Facilitating the issuance of bonds by 
charter schools, or by other public entities for the benefit of charter schools, by pro-viding technical, administrative, and other appropriate assistance (including the re-cruitment of bond counsel, underwriters, and potential investors and the consolidation of multiple charter school projects within a single bond issue). 
‘‘(2) I
NVESTMENT .—Funds received under 
this section and deposited in the reserve ac-count established under paragraph (1) shall be invested in obligations issued or guaran-teed by the United States or a State, or in other similarly low-risk securities. 
‘‘(3) R
EINVESTMENT OF EARNINGS .—Any 
earnings on funds received under subsection (a) shall be deposited in the reserve account 
established under paragraph (1) and used in accordance with such paragraph. 
‘‘(g) L
IMITATION ON ADMINISTRATIVE  
COSTS.—An eligible entity may use not more 
than 2.5 percent of the funds received under subsection (a) for the administrative costs of carrying out its responsibilities under this section (excluding subsection (k)). 
‘‘(h) A
UDITS AND REPORTS .— 
‘‘(1) F INANCIAL RECORD MAINTENANCE AND  
AUDIT .—The financial records of each eligible 
entity receiving a grant under subsection (a) shall be maintained in accordance with gen-erally accepted accounting principles and shall be subject to an annual audit by an independent public accountant. 
‘‘(2) R
EPORTS .— 
‘‘(A) G RANTEE ANNUAL REPORTS .—Each eli-
gible entity receiving a grant under sub-section (a) annually shall submit to the Sec-retary a report of its operations and activi-ties under this section. 
‘‘(B) C
ONTENTS .—Each annual report sub-
mitted under subparagraph (A) shall in-clude— 
‘‘(i) a copy of the most recent financial 
statements, and any accompanying opinion on such statements, prepared by the inde-pendent public accountant reviewing the fi-nancial records of the eligible entity; 
‘‘(ii) a copy of any report made on an audit 
of the financial records of the eligible entity that was conducted under paragraph (1) dur-ing the reporting period; 
‘‘(iii) an evaluation by the eligible entity 
of the effectiveness of its use of the Federal funds provided under subsection (a) in leveraging private funds; 
‘‘(iv) a listing and description of the char-
ter schools served during the reporting pe-riod, including the amount of funds used by each school, the type of project facilitated by the grant, and the type of assistance pro-vided to the charter schools; 
‘‘(v) a description of the activities carried 
out by the eligible entity to assist charter schools in meeting the objectives set forth in subsection (e); and 
‘‘(vi) a description of the characteristics of 
lenders and other financial institutions par-ticipating in the activities undertaken by the eligible entity under this section (ex-cluding subsection (k)) during the reporting period. 
‘‘(C) S
ECRETARIAL REPORT .—The Secretary 
shall review the reports submitted under subparagraph (A) and shall provide a com-prehensive annual report to Congress on the activities conducted under this section (ex-cluding subsection (k)). 
‘‘(i) N
OFULLFAITH AND CREDIT FOR GRANT -
EEOBLIGATION .—No financial obligation of 
an eligible entity entered into pursuant to this section (such as an obligation under a guarantee, bond, note, evidence of debt, or loan) shall be an obligation of, or guaranteed in any respect by, the United States. The full faith and credit of the United States is not pledged to the payment of funds which may be required to be paid under any obligation made by an eligible entity pursuant to any provision of this section. 
‘‘(j) R
ECOVERY OF FUNDS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary, in ac-
cordance with chapter 37 of title 31, United States Code, shall collect— 
‘‘(A) all of the funds in a reserve account 
established by an eligible entity under sub-section (f)(1) if the Secretary determines, not earlier than 2 years after the date on which the eligible entity first received funds under this section (excluding subsection (k)), that the eligible entity has failed to make sub-stantial progress in carrying out the pur-poses described in subsection (f)(1); or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:10 Feb 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27FE7.011 H27FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1433 February 27, 2015 
‘‘(B) all or a portion of the funds in a re-
serve account established by an eligible enti-ty under subsection (f)(1) if the Secretary de-termines that the eligible entity has perma-nently ceased to use all or a portion of the funds in such account to accomplish any pur-pose described in subsection (f)(1). 
‘‘(2) E
XERCISE OF AUTHORITY .—The Sec-
retary shall not exercise the authority pro-vided in paragraph (1) to collect from any el-igible entity any funds that are being prop-erly used to achieve one or more of the pur-poses described in subsection (f)(1). 
‘‘(3) P
ROCEDURES .—The provisions of sec-
tions 451, 452, and 458 of the General Edu-cation Provisions Act (20 U.S.C. 124, 1234a, 1234g) shall apply to the recovery of funds under paragraph (1). 
‘‘(4) C
ONSTRUCTION .—This subsection shall 
not be construed to impair or affect the au-thority of the Secretary to recover funds under part D of the General Education Provi-sions Act (20 U.S.C. 1234 et seq.). 
‘‘(k) P
ER-PUPIL FACILITIES AIDPROGRAM .— 
‘‘(1) D EFINITION OF PER -PUPIL FACILITIES AID  
PROGRAM .—In this subsection, the term ‘per- 
pupil facilities aid program’ means a pro-gram in which a State makes payments, on a per-pupil basis, to charter schools to pro-vide the schools with financing— 
‘‘(A) that is dedicated solely for funding 
charter school facilities; or 
‘‘(B) a portion of which is dedicated for 
funding charter school facilities. 
‘‘(2) G
RANTS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—From the amount under 
section 5202(b)(1) remaining after the Sec-retary makes grants under subsection (a), the Secretary shall make grants, on a com-petitive basis, to States to pay for the Fed-eral share of the cost of establishing or en-hancing, and administering per-pupil facili-ties aid programs. 
‘‘(B) P
ERIOD .—The Secretary shall award 
grants under this subsection for periods of not more than 5 years. 
‘‘(C) F
EDERAL SHARE .—The Federal share of 
the cost described in subparagraph (A) for a per-pupil facilities aid program shall be not more than— 
‘‘(i) 90 percent of the cost, for the first fis-
cal year for which the program receives as-sistance under this subsection; 
‘‘(ii) 80 percent in the second such year; 
‘‘(iii) 60 percent in the third such year; ‘‘(iv) 40 percent in the fourth such year; 
and 
‘‘(v) 20 percent in the fifth such year. ‘‘(D) S
TATE SHARE .—A State receiving a 
grant under this subsection may partner with 1 or more organizations to provide up to 50 percent of the State share of the cost of establishing or enhancing, and administering the per-pupil facilities aid program. 
‘‘(E) M
ULTIPLE GRANTS .—A State may re-
ceive more than 1 grant under this sub-section, so long as the amount of such funds provided to charter schools increases with each successive grant. 
‘‘(3) U
SE OF FUNDS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—A State that receives a 
grant under this subsection shall use the funds made available through the grant to establish or enhance, and administer, a per- pupil facilities aid program for charter schools in the State of the applicant. 
‘‘(B) E
VALUATIONS ; TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE ; 
DISSEMINATION .—From the amount made 
available to a State through a grant under this subsection for a fiscal year, the State may reserve not more than 5 percent to carry out evaluations, to provide technical assistance, and to disseminate information. 
‘‘(C) S
UPPLEMENT , NOT SUPPLANT .—Funds 
made available under this subsection shall be used to supplement, and not supplant, State and local public funds expended to pro-vide per pupil facilities aid programs, oper-ations financing programs, or other pro-
grams, for charter schools. 
‘‘(4) R
EQUIREMENTS .— 
‘‘(A) V OLUNTARY PARTICIPATION .—No State 
may be required to participate in a program carried out under this subsection. 
‘‘(B) S
TATE LAW .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
clause (ii), to be eligible to receive a grant under this subsection, a State shall establish or enhance, and administer, a per-pupil fa-cilities aid program for charter schools in the State, that— 
‘‘(I) is specified in State law; and ‘‘(II) provides annual financing, on a per- 
pupil basis, for charter school facilities. 
‘‘(ii) S
PECIAL RULE .—Notwithstanding 
clause (i), a State that is required under State law to provide its charter schools with access to adequate facility space, but which does not have a per-pupil facilities aid pro-gram for charter schools specified in State law, may be eligible to receive a grant under this subsection if the State agrees to use the funds to develop a per-pupil facilities aid program consistent with the requirements of this subsection. 
‘‘(5) A
PPLICATIONS .—To be eligible to re-
ceive a grant under this subsection, a State shall submit an application to the Secretary at such time, in such manner, and con-taining such information as the Secretary may require.’’. 
SEC. 505. NATIONAL ACTIVITIES. 
Section 5205 (20 U.S.C. 7221d) is amended to 
read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 5205. NATIONAL ACTIVITIES. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—From the amount re-
served under section 5202(b)(2), the Secretary shall— 
‘‘(1) use not less than 75 percent of such 
funds to award grants in accordance with subsection (b); and 
‘‘(2) use not more than 25 percent of such 
funds to— 
‘‘(A) provide technical assistance to State 
entities in awarding subgrants under section 5203, and eligible entities and States receiv-ing grants under section 5204; 
‘‘(B) disseminate best practices; and ‘‘(C) evaluate the impact of the charter 
school program, including the impact on stu-dent achievement, carried out under this subpart. 
‘‘(b) G
RANTS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall 
make grants, on a competitive basis, to eli-gible applicants for the purpose of carrying out the activities described in section 5202(a)(1), subparagraphs (A) through (C) of section 5203(a)(1), and section 5203(g). 
‘‘(2) T
ERMS AND CONDITIONS .—Except as 
otherwise provided in this subsection, grants awarded under this subsection shall have the same terms and conditions as grants award-ed to State entities under section 5203. 
‘‘(3) C
HARTER MANAGEMENT ORGANIZA -
TIONS .—The Secretary shall— 
‘‘(A) use not less than 75 percent of the 
funds described in subsection (a)(1) to make grants, on a competitive basis, to eligible ap-plicants described in paragraph (4)(B) except that no eligible applicant, including any ap-plicant acting as lead fiscal agent if applying in consortium for a grant under this para-graph, may operate more than one active grant at a time; and 
‘‘(B) notwithstanding paragraphs (1)(A) and 
(2) of section 5203(f)— 
‘‘(i) award grants to eligible applicants on 
the basis of the quality of the applications submitted under this subsection; and 
‘‘(ii) in awarding grants to eligible appli-
cants described in paragraph (4)(B), take into consideration whether such an eligible appli-cant— ‘‘(I) demonstrates a high proportion of 
high-quality charter schools within the net-work of the eligible applicant; 
‘‘(II) demonstrates success in serving stu-
dents who are educationally disadvantaged; 
‘‘(III) does not have a significant propor-
tion of charter schools that have been closed, had their charter revoked for compliance issues, or had their affiliation with such eli-gible applicant revoked; 
‘‘(IV) has sufficient procedures in effect to 
ensure timely closure of low-performing or financially-mismanaged charter schools and clear plans and procedures in effect for the students in such schools to attend other high-quality schools; and 
‘‘(V) demonstrates success in working with 
schools identified for improvement by the State. 
‘‘(4) E
LIGIBLE APPLICANT DEFINED .—For 
purposes of this subsection, the term ‘eligi-ble applicant’ means an eligible applicant (as defined in section 5210) that— 
‘‘(A) desires to open a charter school in— ‘‘(i) a State that did not apply for a grant 
under section 5203; or 
‘‘(ii) a State that did not receive a grant 
under section 5203; or 
‘‘(B) is a charter management organiza-
tion. 
‘‘(c) C
ONTRACTS AND GRANTS .—The Sec-
retary may carry out any of the activities described in this section directly or through grants, contracts, or cooperative agree-ments.’’. 
SEC. 506. RECORDS TRANSFER. 
Section 5208 (20 U.S.C. 7221g) is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘as quickly as possible 
and’’ before ‘‘to the extent practicable’’; and 
(2) by striking ‘‘section 602’’ and inserting 
‘‘section 602(14)’’. 
SEC. 507. DEFINITIONS. 
Section 5210 (20 U.S.C. 7221i) is amended— (1) by amending paragraph (1) to read as 
follows: 
‘‘(1) C
HARTER SCHOOL .—The term ‘charter 
school’ means a public school that— 
‘‘(A) in accordance with a specific State 
statute authorizing the granting of charters to schools, is exempt from significant State or local rules that inhibit the flexible oper-ation and management of public schools, but not from any rules relating to the other re-quirements of this paragraph; 
‘‘(B) is created by a developer as a public 
school, or is adapted by a developer from an existing public school, and is operated under public supervision and direction; 
‘‘(C) operates in pursuit of a specific set of 
educational objectives determined by the school’s developer and agreed to by the au-thorized public chartering agency; 
‘‘(D) provides a program of elementary or 
secondary education, or both; 
‘‘(E) is nonsectarian in its programs, ad-
missions policies, employment practices, and all other operations, and is not affiliated with a sectarian school or religious institu-tion; 
‘‘(F) does not charge tuition; ‘‘(G) complies with the Age Discrimination 
Act of 1975, title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972, section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, part B of the Individuals with Dis-abilities Education Act, the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 12101 et seq.), and section 444 of the General Edu-cation Provisions Act (20 U.S.C. 1232(g)) (commonly known as the ‘Family Education Rights and Privacy Act of 1974’); 
‘‘(H) is a school to which parents choose to 
send their children, and admits students on the basis of a lottery if more students apply for admission than can be accommodated, except that in cases in which students who are enrolled in a charter school affiliated 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:10 Feb 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27FE7.011 H27FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1434 February 27, 2015 
(such as by sharing a network) with another 
charter school, those students may be auto-matically enrolled in the next grade level at such other charter school, so long as a lot-tery is used to fill seats created through reg-ular attrition in student enrollment; 
‘‘(I) agrees to comply with the same Fed-
eral and State audit requirements as do other elementary schools and secondary schools in the State, unless such State audit requirements are waived by the State; 
‘‘(J) meets all applicable Federal, State, 
and local health and safety requirements; 
‘‘(K) operates in accordance with State 
law; 
‘‘(L) has a written performance contract 
with the authorized public chartering agency in the State that includes a description of how student performance will be measured in charter schools pursuant to State assess-ments that are required of other schools and pursuant to any other assessments mutually agreeable to the authorized public char-tering agency and the charter school; and 
‘‘(M) may serve prekindergarten or post-
secondary students.’’; 
(2) by redesignating paragraphs (2) through 
(4) as paragraphs (4) through (6), respec-tively; 
(3) by inserting after paragraph (1), the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(2) C
HARTER MANAGEMENT ORGANIZATION .— 
The term ‘charter management organization’ means a not-for-profit organization that manages a network of charter schools linked by centralized support, operations, and over-sight. 
‘‘(3) C
HARTER SCHOOL SUPPORT ORGANIZA -
TION.—The term ‘charter school support or-
ganization’ means a nonprofit, nongovern-mental entity that is not an authorized pub-lic chartering agency, which provides on a statewide basis— 
‘‘(A) assistance to developers during the 
planning, program design, and initial imple-mentation of a charter school; and 
‘‘(B) technical assistance to charter 
schools to operate such schools.’’; 
(4) in paragraph (5)(B), as so redesignated, 
by striking ‘‘under section 5203(d)(3)’’; and 
(5) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(7) E
XPANDED , HIGH-QUALITY CHARTER  
SCHOOL .—The term ‘expanded, high-quality 
charter school’ means a high-quality charter school that has either significantly increased its enrollment or added one or more grades to its school. 
‘‘(8) H
IGH-QUALITY CHARTER SCHOOL .—The 
term ‘high-quality charter school’ means a charter school that— 
‘‘(A) shows evidence of strong academic re-
sults, which may include strong academic growth as determined by a State; 
‘‘(B) has no significant issues in the areas 
of student safety, operational and financial management, or statutory or regulatory compliance; 
‘‘(C) has demonstrated success in signifi-
cantly increasing student academic achieve-ment, including graduation rates where ap-plicable, consistent with the requirements under title I, for all students served by the charter school; and 
‘‘(D) has demonstrated success in increas-
ing student academic achievement, including graduation rates where applicable, for the groups of students described in section 1111(b)(2)(C)(v)(II), except that such dem-onstration is not required in a case in which the number of students in a group is insuffi-cient to yield statistically reliable informa-tion or the results would reveal personally identifiable information about an individual student. 
‘‘(9) R
EPLICATED , HIGH-QUALITY CHARTER  
SCHOOL MODEL .—The term ‘replicated, high- 
quality charter school model’ means a high- quality charter school that has opened a new campus under an existing charter or an addi-
tional charter if required or permitted by State law.’’. 
SEC. 508. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
Section 5211 (20 U.S.C. 7221j) is amended to 
read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 5211. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIA-
TIONS. 
‘‘There are authorized to be appropriated 
to carry out this subpart $300,000,000 for fis-cal year 2016 and each of the 5 succeeding fis-cal years.’’. 
SEC. 509. CONFORMING AMENDMENTS. 
(a) R EPEAL .—Subpart 2 of part B of title V 
(20 U.S.C. 7223 et seq.) is repealed. 
(b) T ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-
tents in section 2 is amended— 
(1) by striking the item relating to subpart 
1 of part B of title V and inserting the fol-lowing: 
‘‘Subpart 1—Charter School Program’’; 
(2) by striking the item relating to section 
5203 and inserting the following: 
‘‘Sec. 5203. Grants to support high-quality 
charter schools.’’; 
(3) by striking the item relating to section 
5204 and inserting the following: 
‘‘Sec. 5204. Facilities financing assistance.’’; 
and 
(4) by striking the items relating to sub-
part 2 of part B of title V. 
Subtitle B—Magnet Schools 
SEC. 510. DURATION OF AWARD; ACCOUNT-
ABILITY. 
Section 5309 (20 U.S.C. 7231h) is amended— 
(1) in the heading by inserting ‘‘ ; ACCOUNT -
ABILITY ’’; 
(2) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘3’’ and 
inserting ‘‘5’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(e) A CCOUNTABILITY .—The Secretary may 
reduce grant funding awarded to a local edu-cational agency, or a consortium of such agencies, under this part if the agency or consortium does not show progress in the elimination, reduction, or prevention of mi-nority group isolation in its magnet school program over the first 3-year period during which the agency or consortium was awarded such grant.’’. 
SEC. 511. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS; 
RESERVATION. 
Section 5311(a) (20 U.S.C. 7231j(a)) is 
amended by striking ‘‘$125,000,000 for fiscal year 2002’’ and inserting ‘‘$300,000,000 for fis-cal year 2016’’. 
Subtitle C—Fund for the Improvement of 
Education 
SEC. 512. FUND FOR THE IMPROVEMENT OF EDU-
CATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Part D of title V (20 
U.S.C. 7241 et seq.) is amended to read as fol-lows: 
‘‘P
ARTD—A W ELL-ROUNDED EDUCATION  
‘‘SUBPART 1—G RANTS TO SUPPORT STEM 
EDUCATION  
‘‘SEC. 5401. PURPOSE. 
‘‘The purpose of this subpart is to improve 
student academic achievement in STEM sub-jects by— 
‘‘(1) improving instruction in such subjects 
from preschool through grade 12; 
‘‘(2) improving student engagement in, and 
increasing student access to, courses in such subjects; 
‘‘(3) improving the quality and effective-
ness of classroom instruction by recruiting, training, and supporting effective teachers and providing robust tools and supports for students and teachers in such subjects; 
‘‘(4) implementing and integrating college 
and career ready standards, described in sec-tion 1111(b)(2), in STEM subjects and assess-ments aligned with those standards; ‘‘(5) closing student achievement gaps, and 
preparing more students for postsecondary education and careers, in such subjects, par-ticularly students who are traditionally underrepresented in STEM subject fields; and 
‘‘(6) Recognizing that STEM subjects are 
diverse and that STEM education programs must expose students to content and skills in a host of constantly changing and evolv-ing content areas. 
‘‘SEC. 5402. GRANTS; ALLOTMENTS. 
‘‘(a) R ESERVATIONS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—From the amounts ap-
propriated under section 5410 for a fiscal year, the Secretary shall reserve— 
‘‘(A) $35,000,000 for a STEM Master Teach-
ers Corps program under section 5405; 
‘‘(B) 3 percent to carry out activities de-
scribed in section 5405 and technical assist-ance to States, including technical assist-ance with implementation of programs con-sistent with the purpose of this subpart; and 
‘‘(C) if funds are not awarded by formula, 
as described in subsection (c)(1), 5 percent for State capacity-building grants in accordance with paragraph (2). 
‘‘(2) C
APACITY -BUILDING GRANTS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—In any year for which 
funding is distributed competitively, as de-scribed in subsection (b)(1), the Secretary may award 1 capacity-building grant to each eligible entity that does not receive a grant under subsection (b), on a competitive basis, to enable such States to become more com-petitive in future years. 
‘‘(B) D
URATION .—Grants awarded under 
subparagraph (A) shall be for a period of 1 year. 
‘‘(b) C
OMPETITIVE GRANTS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—For each fiscal year for 
which the amount appropriated to carry out this subpart is less than $250,000,000, the Sec-retary shall award grants, on a competitive basis, to eligible entities to enable such eli-gible entities to carry out the activities de-scribed in this subpart. 
‘‘(2) D
URATION .—Grants awarded under this 
subsection shall be for a period of not more than 3 years. 
‘‘(3) R
ENEWAL .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—If an eligible entity 
demonstrates progress, as measured by the metrics reported in section 5406(a)(5), the Secretary may renew a grant for an addi-tional 2-year period. 
‘‘(B) R
EDUCED FUNDING .—Grant funds 
awarded under subparagraph (A) shall be awarded at a reduced amount. 
‘‘(c) F
ORMULA GRANTS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—For each fiscal year for 
which the amount appropriated to carry out this subpart is equal to or more than $250,000,000, the Secretary shall award grants to States, based on the formula described in paragraph (2). 
‘‘(2) D
ISTRIBUTION OF FUNDS .—The Sec-
retary shall allot to each State— 
‘‘(A) an amount that bears the same rela-
tionship to 35 percent of the excess amount as the number of individuals ages 5 through 17 in the State, as determined by the Sec-retary on the basis of the most recent satis-factory data, bears to the number of those individuals in all such States, as so deter-mined; and 
‘‘(B) an amount that bears the same rela-
tionship to 65 percent of the excess amount as the number of individuals ages 5 through 17 from families with incomes below the pov-erty line, in the State, as determined by the Secretary on the basis of the most recent satisfactory data, bears to the number of those individuals in all such States, as so de-termined. 
‘‘(3) F
UNDING MINIMUM .—No State receiving 
an allotment under this subsection may re-ceive less than one-half of 1 percent of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:10 Feb 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27FE7.011 H27FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1435 February 27, 2015 
total amount allotted under paragraph (1) 
for a fiscal year. 
‘‘(4) R EALLOTMENT OF UNUSED FUNDS .—If a 
State does not successfully apply for or re-ceive an allotment under this subsection for a fiscal year, the Secretary shall reallot the amount of the State’s allotment to the re-maining States in accordance with this sub-section. 
‘‘SEC. 5403. APPLICATIONS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Each eligible entity de-
siring a grant under this subpart, whether through a competitive grant under section 5402(b) or through an allotment under sec-tion 5402(c), shall submit an application to the Secretary at such time, in such manner, and accompanied by such information as the Secretary may require. 
‘‘(b) C
ONTENTS .—At a minimum, an appli-
cation submitted under subsection (a) shall include the following: 
‘‘(1) A description of how grant funds will 
be used by the eligible entity. 
‘‘(2) A description of how the eligible enti-
ty has involved a variety of stakeholders in the development of the application and a de-scription of how the State or eligible entity will continue to involve stakeholders in any education reform efforts related to STEM subject instruction. 
‘‘(3) A description of the steps the eligible 
entity will take to ensure that programs im-plemented by the subgrantees use evidence- based strategies, ensure high-quality cur-ricula, and provide high-quality professional development. 
‘‘(4) An assurance that the eligible entity, 
in making awards under section 5404(c), will give priority to subgrantees that— 
‘‘(A) propose to serve students in schools in 
need of support and persistently low achiev-ing schools; or 
‘‘(B) propose to serve schools with a high 
percentage or number of students that are eligible for free or reduced price lunch under the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act (42 U.S.C. 1751 et seq.). 
‘‘(5) A description of how the eligible enti-
ty’s activities and subgrants will be coordi-nated with other Federal, State, and local programs and activities, including career 
and technical education programs authorized under the Carl D. Perkins Career and Tech-nical Education Act of 2006 (20 U.S.C. 2301 et seq.). 
‘‘(6) A review of the industry and business 
workforce needs in the State in jobs that re-quire knowledge or training in STEM subject areas and a description of how that review will inform efforts to improve education in STEM subjects. 
‘‘(7) A description of how the eligible enti-
ty will allocate funds in a manner that will provide services to both elementary schools and secondary schools. 
‘‘(8) A description of the technical assist-
ance that the eligible entity will provide to subgrantees to support the activities under-taken by the subgrantees, including— 
‘‘(A) activities to employ multi-tiered sys-
tems of support to provide early intervening services and to increase student achievement in STEM subjects; 
‘‘(B) activities to ensure increased access 
for students who are traditionally underrep-resented in STEM subject fields (including female students, minority students, students who are limited English proficient, students who are children with disabilities, and stu-dents from low-income families) to high- quality courses and other learning experi-ences; 
‘‘(C) implementing evidence-based pro-
grams of instruction based on college and ca-reer ready standards and high-quality assess-ments in the identified subjects; and 
‘‘(D) developing curricula consistent with 
the principles of universal design for learn-ing as defined in section 103 of the Higher 
Education Act of 1965. 
‘‘(9) A description of the key data metrics 
that will be used and reported annually under section 5406(a)(5), that shall include— 
‘‘(A) student academic achievement on 
mathematics and science State academic as-sessments and student growth; and 
‘‘(B) for diploma granting schools, gradua-
tion rates. 
‘‘(10) Assurances that the eligible entity 
will monitor implementation of approved subgrantee plans. 
‘‘SEC. 5404. AUTHORIZED ACTIVITIES. 
‘‘(a) R EQUIRED ACTIVITIES .—Each eligible 
entity that receives a grant under this sub-part shall use not more than 5 percent of the grant funds to carry out each of the fol-lowing activities: 
‘‘(1) Providing technical assistance to sub-
grantees as described in section 5403(b)(7) and technical assistance to subgrantees that are prioritized in section 5404(d), including sub-grantees that serve low-capacity rural and urban areas by— 
‘‘(A) informing those subgrantees that 
they have a priority for competing for grants under section 5404(b); and 
‘‘(B) providing subgrantees who do not re-
ceive a grant under section 5404(c) technical assistance so that they may re-compete in following competitions. 
‘‘(2) Identifying and supporting high-qual-
ity professional development and other com-prehensive systems of support for teachers and school leaders to promote high-quality instruction and instructional leadership in the identified subjects, aligned to college and career ready standards where applicable. 
‘‘(3) Disseminating information, including 
making publicly available on the websites of 
the State educational agency, on promising practices to improve student achievement in STEM subject areas. 
‘‘(b) P
ERMISSIBLE ACTIVITIES .—Each eligi-
ble entity that receives a grant under this subpart may use the grant funds to carry out 1 or more of the following activities: 
‘‘(1) Recruiting qualified teachers and in-
structional leaders who are trained in identi-fied subjects, including teachers who have transitioned into the teaching profession from a career in a STEM field. 
‘‘(2) Providing induction and mentoring 
services to new teachers in identified sub-jects. 
‘‘(3) Developing instructional supports, 
such as curricula and assessments, which shall be evidence-based and aligned with State academic standards and may include online education. 
‘‘(4) Training personnel of subgrantees to 
use data systems to continuously improve student achievement in STEM subjects and use the data to better target curriculum and instruction to meet the needs of each stu-dent. 
‘‘(c) S
UBGRANTS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Each eligible entity that 
receives a grant under this subpart shall award subgrants, on a competitive basis, to eligible subgrantees. 
‘‘(2) M
INIMUM SUBGRANT .—An eligible enti-
ty shall award subgrants under this sub-section that are of sufficient size and scope to support high-quality, evidence-based, ef-fective programs that are consistent with the purpose of this subpart. 
‘‘(3) S
UBGRANTEE APPLICATION .—Each sub-
grantee desiring a subgrant under this sub-section shall submit an application to the el-igible entity at such time, in such manner, and accompanied by such information as the eligible entity may require, including, at a minimum: 
‘‘(A) A description of the needs identified 
by the subgrantee, based on a needs assess-ment which shall include— ‘‘(i) data for elementary school and sec-
ondary school grades, as applicable and to the extent that such data are available, on— 
‘‘(I) student achievement in science and 
mathematics, including such data collected in accordance with the State academic as-sessments; 
‘‘(II) science and mathematics teacher 
evaluation results or ratings; 
‘‘(III) student access to mathematics and 
science courses needed to enroll in credit- bearing coursework at institutions of higher education in the State; 
‘‘(IV) access to science and mathematics 
courses for student prekindergarten through grade 12 attending schools prioritized under section 5404(d); 
‘‘(V) the percentage of students success-
fully— 
‘‘(aa) completing Advanced Placement 
(AP) or International Baccalaureate (IB) 
courses in science and mathematics subjects; or 
‘‘(bb) completing rigorous postsecondary 
education courses in science and mathe-matics subjects; 
‘‘(VI) rates of college remediation in math-
ematics; and 
‘‘(VII) teacher shortages and teacher dis-
tribution among the local educational agen-cies and schools served by the subgrantee in science and mathematics subjects; and 
‘‘(ii) an analysis of the implementation of 
any multi-tiered systems of support that have been employed by the local educational agency served by the subgrantee to address the learning needs of students in any STEM subjects. 
‘‘(B) A description of the activities that 
the subgrantee will carry out based on the findings of the needs assessment described in subparagraph (A), and how such activities will improve teaching and student academic achievement in the identified subjects, in a manner consistent with evidence-based re-search. 
‘‘(C) A description of how the subgrantee 
will use funds provided under this subsection to serve students and teachers in schools prioritized under section 5404(d). 
‘‘(D) A description of how funds provided 
under this subsection will be coordinated with other Federal, State, and local pro-grams and activities, including career and technical education programs authorized under the Carl D. Perkins Career and Tech-nical Education Act of 2006 (20 U.S.C. 2301 et seq.). 
‘‘(E) If the subgrantee is working with out-
side partners, a description of how such out-side partners will be involved in improving instruction and increasing access to high- quality learning experiences in the identified subjects. 
‘‘(4) S
UBGRANTEE USE OF FUNDS .— 
‘‘(A) R EQUIRED USE OF FUNDS .—Each sub-
grantee that receives a subgrant under this subsection shall use the subgrant funds to carry out activities for students from pre-school through grade 12, consistent with the analysis and the activities described in the subgrantee’s application, which shall in-clude— 
‘‘(i) high-quality teacher and instructional 
leader recruitment, support, evaluation, and professional development in the identified subjects; 
‘‘(ii) professional development, which may 
include development and support for instruc-tional coaches, to enable teachers and in-structional leaders to increase student achievement in identified subjects, through— 
‘‘(I) implementation of classroom assess-
ments; and 
‘‘(II) differentiation of instruction in iden-
tified subjects for all students, including for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:10 Feb 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27FE7.011 H27FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1436 February 27, 2015 
students with disabilities and students who 
are English learners; 
‘‘(iii) activities to— ‘‘(I) improve the content knowledge of 
teachers; and 
‘‘(II) facilitate professional collaboration, 
which may include providing time for such collaborations; 
‘‘(iv) training to principals and teachers in 
implementing STEM subject initiatives, par-ticularly in the areas of— 
‘‘(I) utilizing data; ‘‘(II) assessing the quality of STEM subject 
instruction; and 
‘‘(III) providing time and support for teach-
ers to plan STEM subject instruction; 
‘‘(v) the development, adoption, and im-
provement of high-quality curricula, assess-ments, materials, and instructional supports that— 
‘‘(I) are aligned with State academic stand-
ards; and 
‘‘(II) the subgrantee will use to improve 
student academic achievement in identified subjects; and 
‘‘(vi) the development or improvement, and 
implementation, of multi-tiered systems of support to provide early intervening services and to increase student achievement in 1 or more of the identified subjects. 
‘‘(B) P
ERMISSIBLE USE OF FUNDS .—In addi-
tion to the required activities described in subparagraph (A), each subgrantee that re-ceives a subgrant under this subsection, may also use the subgrant funds to— 
‘‘(i) support the participation of low-in-
come students in nonprofit competitions and out-of-school activities related to STEM (such as robotics, science research, inven-tion, mathematics, and technology competi-tions), including— 
‘‘(I) the purchase of parts and supplies 
needed to participate in such competitions; 
‘‘(II) incentives and stipends for teachers 
and instructional leaders who are involved in assisting students and preparing students for such competitions, if such activities fall out-side the regular duties and responsibilities of such teachers and instructional leaders; and 
‘‘(III) paying expenses associated with the 
participation of low-income students in such local, regional, or national competitions; 
‘‘(ii) improve the laboratories of schools 
served by the subgrantee and provide instru-mentation as part of a comprehensive pro-gram to enhance the quality of STEM in-struction, including— 
‘‘(I) purchase, rental, or leasing of equip-
ment, instrumentation, and other scientific educational materials; 
‘‘(II) maintenance, renovation, and im-
provement of laboratory facilities; 
‘‘(III) professional development and train-
ing for teachers; 
‘‘(IV) development of instructional pro-
grams designed to integrate the laboratory experience with classroom instruction and to be consistent with college and career ready content standards in STEM subjects; 
‘‘(V) training in laboratory safety for 
school personnel; 
‘‘(VI) design and implementation of hands- 
on laboratory experiences to encourage the interest of students, especially students who are traditionally underrepresented in STEM subject fields (including female students, mi-nority students, students who are limited English proficient, students who are children with disabilities, and students from low-in-come families) in STEM subjects and help prepare such students to pursue postsec-ondary studies in these fields; and 
‘‘(VII) assessment of the activities funded 
under this subparagraph; 
‘‘(iii) broaden secondary school students’ 
access to, and interest in, careers that re-quire academic preparation in 1 or more identified subjects; ‘‘(iv) integrate instruction in the identified 
subjects with instruction in reading, English language arts, or other core and noncore aca-demic subjects; 
‘‘(v) develop and implement a STEAM cur-
riculum, which means the integration of in-struction in the identified subjects with in-
struction in the arts and design; or 
‘‘(vi) establish or access online or distance 
learning programs for STEM subject teach-ers using evidence-based curricula. 
‘‘(C) L
IMITATION .—Each subgrantee that re-
ceives a subgrant under this subsection shall not expend more than 15 percent of the subgrant funds on the activities described in subparagraph (B). 
‘‘(D) M
ATCHING FUNDS .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—A State or eligible entity 
may require an eligible subgrantee receiving a subgrant under this subsection to dem-onstrate that such subgrantee has obtained a commitment from 1 or more outside partners to match, using non-Federal funds, a portion of the amount of subgrant funds, in an amount determined by the State or eligible entity. 
‘‘(ii) R
EQUIRED MINIMUM .—Notwithstanding 
clause (i), if an eligible subgrantee partners with an outside partner that is a for-profit entity, such subgrantee shall obtain match-ing funds from the outside partner in an amount equal to not less than 15 percent of the amount of the subgrant. 
‘‘(d) P
RIORITY .—In awarding grants under 
this subpart, an eligible entity shall give pri-ority to subgrantees proposing to target services to— 
‘‘(1) students in schools in need of support 
and high-priority schools; or 
‘‘(2) schools with a high percentage of stu-
dents that are eligible for free or reduced price lunch under the Richard B. Russell Na-tional School Lunch Act (42 U.S.C. 1751 et seq.). 
‘‘SEC. 5405. NATIONAL COORDINATION. 
‘‘From the amount reserved under section 
5402(a)(1)(B), the Secretary shall consult with the Director of the National Science Foundation and other Federal agencies con-ducting STEM education programs to en-hance such programs and to improve coordi-nation across agencies, such as— 
‘‘(1) clarifying the appropriate roles for the 
Department of Education and the National Science Foundation in the execution of sum-mer workshops, institutes, or partnerships to improve STEM education in elementary and secondary schools; or 
‘‘(2) integrating afterschool, out-of-school, 
and informal education efforts conducted across Federal agencies into strategies for enhancing and improving STEM education. 
‘‘SEC. 5406. STEM MASTER TEACHER CORPS PRO-
GRAM. 
‘‘(a) G RANTS AUTHORIZED .—From the funds 
reserved under section 5402(a)(1)(A), the Sec-retary shall award 1 or more grants, on a competitive basis, to entities described in subsection (b)(1) to enable such entities to establish and operate a one-time STEM mas-ter teacher corps program. 
‘‘(b) S
TEM MASTER TEACHER CORPS .—The 
term ‘STEM master teacher corps’ (referred to in this section as the ‘corps’) means a one- time program— 
‘‘(1) that establishes the viability of cre-
ating a long-term national-level master teacher corps as a means to recognize and re-ward accomplished STEM educators; 
‘‘(2) operated by 1 or more State edu-
cational agencies, or a consortium of local educational agencies, acting in partnership with 1 or more outside partners that have a demonstrated record of success in improving the effectiveness of STEM teachers or in-creasing the retention of such teachers; 
‘‘(3) that selects a group of highly rated 
teachers (through a process, and for a dura-tion, determined by the entity described in 
paragraph (1)), as members of the corps, that constitutes not less than 5 percent and not more than 10 percent of elementary school, middle school, and high school teachers who teach STEM subjects and who— 
‘‘(A) teach in a participating high-need 
school in the region served by the entity de-scribed in paragraph (1); or 
‘‘(B) agree to teach in a participating high- 
need school in the region served by the enti-ty described in paragraph (1) if accepted as a member of the corps; and 
‘‘(4) that aims to attract, improve, and re-
tain teachers who teach STEM subjects and to increase student achievement in such sub-jects, including by— 
‘‘(A) providing instructional leadership re-
sponsibilities for corps members in their schools, local educational agencies, or States, such as mentoring beginning STEM teachers and leading professional develop-ment activities for teachers not partici-pating in the corps; 
‘‘(B) providing corps members with re-
search-based professional development on in-structional leadership and effective teaching methods for STEM subjects, including co-ordinating with out-of-school-time and after-school programs to provide engaging STEM programs; 
‘‘(C) providing each teacher who is a corps 
member with a salary supplement of not less than $10,000 per year, in recognition of such teacher’s teaching accomplishments, leader-ship, and increased responsibilities, for each year such teacher serves as a member of the corps; and 
‘‘(D) building a community of practice 
among corps members to enable such mem-bers to network, collaborate, and to share best practices and resources with each other. 
‘‘(c) D
URATION .—Grants awarded under this 
section shall be for a period of not more than 3 years, after which the program under this subsection shall end. 
‘‘(d) A
PPLICATION .—Each entity described 
in subsection (b)(1) desiring a grant under this section shall submit an application to the Secretary at such time, in such manner, and accompanied by such information as the Secretary may require. 
‘‘(e) M
ATCHING FUNDS .—The Secretary may 
require a grantee under this section to pro-vide non-Federal matching funds in an amount equal to the amount of grant funds awarded under this section. 
‘‘SEC. 5407. REPORTING REQUIREMENTS. 
‘‘(a) E LIGIBLE ENTITY REPORTS .—Each 
State educational agency receiving an award under section 5403 shall report annually to the Secretary regarding the State edu-cational agency’s progress in addressing the purposes of this subpart. Such report shall include, at a minimum, a description of— 
‘‘(1) the professional development activi-
ties provided under the award, including types of activities and entities involved in providing professional development to class-room teachers and other program staff; 
‘‘(2) the types of programs and, for children 
from preschool to kindergarten entry, pro-gram settings, funded under the award; 
‘‘(3) the ages and demographic information 
that is not individually identifiable of chil-dren served by the programs funded under the award; 
‘‘(4) student performance on data metrics 
identified under section 5403(b)(8) used for STEM initiatives; and 
‘‘(5) the outcomes of programs and activi-
ties provided under the award. 
‘‘(b) E
LIGIBLE SUBGRANTEE REPORTS .—Each 
eligible entity receiving a subgrant under section 5404(c) shall report annually to the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:10 Feb 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27FE7.011 H27FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1437 February 27, 2015 
State educational agency regarding the eli-
gible entity’s progress in addressing the pur-poses of this subpart. Such report shall in-clude, at a minimum, a description of— 
‘‘(1) how the subgrant funds were used; and ‘‘(2) student performance on relevant pro-
gram metrics, as identified in the State edu-cation agency’s implementation plan under section 5403(b)(8). 
‘‘SEC. 5408. SUPPLEMENT NOT SUPPLANT. 
‘‘Funds received under this subpart shall 
be used to supplement, and not supplant, funds that would otherwise be used for ac-tivities authorized under this subpart. 
‘‘SEC. 5409. MAINTENANCE OF EFFORT. 
‘‘A State that receives funds under this 
subpart for a fiscal year shall maintain the fiscal effort provided by the State for the subjects supported by the funds under this subpart at a level equal to or greater than the level of such fiscal effort for the pre-ceding fiscal year. 
‘‘SEC. 5410. DEFINITIONS. 
‘‘In this subpart: ‘‘(1) E
LIGIBLE ENTITY .—The term ‘eligible 
entity’ means a State educational agency in partnership with— 
‘‘(A) another State educational agency; ‘‘(B) a consortium of State educational 
agencies; or 
‘‘(C) the State agencies that oversee 
childcare programs, state-funded prekinder-garten, and part C of Individuals with Dis-abilities Education Act. 
‘‘(2) E
LIGIBLE SUBGRANTEE .—The term ‘eli-
gible subgrantee’ means— 
‘‘(A) a local educational agency; ‘‘(B) 1 or more local educational agencies 
providing early learning programs, or 1 or more public or private early learning pro-grams, serving children from preschool through kindergarten entry, such as a Head Start agency, a child care program, or a State-funded pre-kindergarten program, as appropriate; 
‘‘(C) an educational service agency serving 
more than 1 local educational agency; 
‘‘(D) a national intermediary with dem-
onstrated expertise in STEM; 
‘‘(E) a consortium of local educational 
agencies; or 
‘‘(F) any of the entities described in sub-
paragraphs (A) through (D) working in part-nership with an outside partner. 
‘‘(3) M
ULTI-TIERED SYSTEM OF SUPPORT .— 
The term ‘multi-tiered system of support’ means a comprehensive system of differen-tiated supports that includes evidence-based instruction, universal screening, progress monitoring, formative assessments, re-search-based interventions matched to stu-dent needs and educational decisionmaking using student outcome data. 
‘‘(4) O
UTSIDE PARTNER .—The term ‘outside 
partner’ means an entity that has expertise and a demonstrated record of success in im-proving student learning and engagement in the STEM subjects, including any of the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(A) A nonprofit or community-based orga-
nization, such as an Indian tribe. 
‘‘(B) A business. ‘‘(C) A nonprofit cultural organization, 
such as a museum or learning center. 
‘‘(D) An institution of higher education. ‘‘(E) An educational service agency. ‘‘(F) Another appropriate entity. ‘‘(5) STEM 
SUBJECTS .—The term ‘STEM 
Subjects’ means the subjects of science, technology, engineering, and mathematics, including other academic subjects that build on or are integrated with these subjects, such as statistics, computer science, and en-vironmental literacy, the arts and design, or other subjects a State identifies as impor-tant to the workforce of the State. ‘‘SEC. 5411. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIA-
TIONS. 
‘‘There are authorized to be appropriated 
to carry out this subpart $500,000,000 for fis-cal year 2016 and such sums as may be nec-essary for subsequent fiscal years. 
‘‘S
UBPART 2—G RANTS TO SUPPORT  
COMPREHENSIVE LITERACY EDUCATION  
‘‘SEC. 5421. PURPOSES. 
‘‘The purposes of this subpart are— ‘‘(1) to improve student literacy and aca-
demic achievement, including the ability to problem solve, communicate effectively, and acquire new knowledge and skills; 
‘‘(2) to assist State educational agencies 
and local educational agencies in the devel-opment, coordination, and implementation of comprehensive literacy plans that pro-mote high-quality evidence based instruc-tion in alignment with State early learning and college- and career-ready standards from preschool through grade 12; 
‘‘(3) to identify and support students read-
ing and writing significantly below grade level by providing evidence-based, intensive interventions to help the students acquire the language and literacy skills the students need to stay on track for graduation; 
‘‘(4) to support State educational agencies 
and local educational agencies in improving reading, writing, and literacy-based aca-demic achievement for children and stu-dents, especially children and students who are low-income, are English learners, are mi-gratory, are children with disabilities, are Indian or Alaskan Native, are neglected or delinquent, are homeless, are in the custody of the child welfare system, or have dropped out of school; 
‘‘(5) to provide assistance to local edu-
cational agencies in order to provide edu-cators with ongoing, job-embedded profes-sional development and other support focus-ing on imparting and employing— 
‘‘(A) the characteristics of effective lan-
guage and literacy instruction; 
‘‘(B) the special knowledge and skills nec-
essary to teach and support literacy develop-ment effectively across the developmental span and age span; 
‘‘(C) the essential components of reading 
instruction; and 
‘‘(D) the essential components of writing 
instruction; 
‘‘(6) to evaluate whether the professional 
development activities and approaches are effective in building knowledge and skills of educators and their use of appropriate and effective practices. 
‘‘(7) to support State educational agencies 
and local educational agencies in using age appropriate and developmentally appropriate instructional materials and strategies that assist teachers as the teachers work with students to develop reading and writing com-petencies appropriate to the students’ grade and skill levels; 
‘‘(8) to support efforts to link and align 
college and career-ready standards and evi-dence-based teaching practices and instruc-tion in early childhood education programs serving children from preschool through kin-dergarten entry; 
‘‘(9) strengthening coordination among 
schools, early literacy programs, family lit-eracy programs, juvenile justice programs, public libraries, and outside-of-school pro-grams that provide children and youth with strategies, curricula, interventions, and as-sessments designed to advance early and continuing language and literacy develop-ment in ways appropriate for each context; and 
‘‘(10) to engage the participation of parents 
in supporting their child’s communication and literacy development. ‘‘SEC. 5422. PROGRAM AUTHORIZED. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary is author-
ized— 
‘‘(1) to award State planning grants in ac-
cordance with section 5423; and 
‘‘(2) to award State implementation grants 
in accordance with section 5424 to enable the State educational agency to— 
‘‘(A) carry out the State activities de-
scribed in section 5425; 
‘‘(B) award subgrants to eligible entities in 
accordance with section 5426; and 
‘‘(C) award subgrants to eligible entities in 
accordance with section 5427. 
‘‘(b) A
WARDS TO STATE EDUCATIONAL AGEN-
CIES.— 
‘‘(1) A MOUNTS LESS THAN $250 ,000,000.—If the 
amount appropriated under section 5430 for a fiscal year is less than $250,000,000, then the Secretary shall— 
‘‘(A) reserve not more than 5 percent to 
award planning grants, on a competitive basis, to State educational agencies, in ac-cordance with section 5423; and 
‘‘(B) use the amount not reserved under 
subparagraphs (A) to make awards, on a competitive basis, to State educational 
agencies serving States that have applica-tions approved under section 5424(b) to en-able the State educational agencies to carry out sections 5424 and 5425. 
‘‘(2) A
MOUNTS EQUAL TO OR EXCEEDING  
$250,000,000.— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—If the amount appro-
priated under section 5430 for a fiscal year equals or exceeds $250,000,000, then the Sec-retary shall— 
‘‘(i) reserve a total of 1 percent of such 
amount for— 
‘‘(I) allotments for the United States Vir-
gin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, and the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Is-lands, to be distributed among such outlying areas on the basis of their relative need, as determined by the Secretary in accordance with the purposes of this subpart; and 
‘‘(II) the Secretary of the Interior for pro-
grams under sections 5423, 5424, 5425, 5426, and 5427 in schools operated or funded by the Bureau of Indian Education; 
‘‘(ii) reserve not more than 5 percent to 
award planning grants, to State educational agencies serving States, in accordance with section 5423; 
‘‘(iii) reserve not more than 3 percent for 
national activities, such as evaluations, training, and technical assistance, to the De-partment of Education to support com-prehensive literacy reform at the State level; and 
‘‘(iv) use the amount not reserved under 
clauses (i), and (ii) to make awards, from al-lotments under subparagraph (C), to State educational agencies serving States that have applications approved under section 5424 and that are not receiving an allotment under clause (i)(I), to enable the State edu-cational agencies to carry out sections 5424 and 5425. 
‘‘(B) S
PECIAL RULES .— 
‘‘(i) P ROPORTIONAL DIVISION .—In each fiscal 
year, the amount reserved under subpara-graph (A)(i) shall be divided between the uses described in subclauses (I) and (II) of sub-paragraph (A)(i) in the same proportion as the amount reserved under section 1121(a) is divided between the uses described in para-graphs (1) and (2) of such section for such fis-cal year. 
‘‘(ii) C
ONSULTATION .—A State educational 
agency that receives an allotment under this paragraph shall engage in timely and mean-ingful consultation with representatives of Indian tribes located in the State in order to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:10 Feb 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27FE7.011 H27FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1438 February 27, 2015 
improve the coordination and quality of ac-
tivities designed to develop effective ap-proaches to achieve the purposes of this sub-part consistent with the cultural, language, and educational needs of Indian students. 
‘‘(C) S
TATE ALLOTMENT FORMULA .—The Sec-
retary shall allot the amount made available under subparagraph (A)(iv) for a fiscal year among the States not receiving an allotment from the reservation under subparagraph (A)(i)(I) in proportion to the number of chil-dren, from preschool through age 17, who re-side within the State and are from families with incomes below the poverty line for the most recent fiscal year for which satisfac-tory data are available, compared to the number of such children who reside in all such States for that fiscal year. 
‘‘(3) M
INIMUM AWARD AMOUNT .—Notwith-
standing paragraphs (1) and (2), no State edu-cational agency receiving an award under this section for a fiscal year may receive less than one-fourth of 1 percent of the total amount appropriated under section 5430 for the fiscal year, except as provided under paragraph (2)(A)(i). 
‘‘(c) P
EER REVIEW .—The Secretary shall 
convene a peer review panel to evaluate the application for each grant awarded to a State educational agency under sections 5423 and 5424 and shall make a copy of the peer review comments available to the public. 
‘‘(d) S
UPPLEMENT NOTSUPPLANT .—Award 
funds provided under this subpart shall sup-
plement, and not supplant, other Federal, State, or local funds that would, in the ab-sence of such award funds, be made available for literacy instruction and support of chil-dren and students participating in programs assisted under this subpart. 
‘‘(e) M
AINTENANCE OF EFFORT .—Each State 
educational agency that receives an award under sections 5423 and 5424, and each eligi-ble entity that receives a subgrant under section 5426 or 5427, shall maintain for the fiscal year for which the grant or subgrant is received and for each subsequent fiscal year the expenditures of the State educational agency or eligible entity, respectively, for literacy instruction at a level not less than the level of such expenditures maintained by the State educational agency or eligible en-tity, respectively, for the fiscal year pre-ceding such fiscal year for which the grant or subgrant is received. 
‘‘SEC. 5423. STATE PLANNING GRANTS. 
‘‘(a) P LANNING GRANTS AUTHORIZED .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—From any amounts made 
available under paragraph (1)(A) or (2)(A)(ii) of section 5422(b), the Secretary may award planning grants to State educational agen-cies to enable the State educational agencies to develop or improve a comprehensive plan-ning to carry out activities that improve lit-eracy for children and students from pre-school through grade 12. 
‘‘(2) G
RANT PERIOD .—A planning grant 
awarded under this section shall be for a pe-riod of not more than 1 year. 
‘‘(3) N
ONRENEWABILITY .—The Secretary 
shall not award a State educational agency more than 1 planning grant under this sec-tion. 
‘‘(4) L
IMITATION .—A State educational 
agency may not receive a planning grant under this section at the same time it is re-ceiving an implementation grant under sec-tion 5424. 
‘‘(b) A
PPLICATION .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Each State educational 
agency desiring a planning grant under this section shall submit an application to the Secretary at such time, in such manner, and accompanied by such information as the Sec-retary may require. 
‘‘(2) E
XISTING PLAN .—An existing federally 
funded State literacy plan can be used to meet the requirements of this subsection. ‘‘(c) R
EQUIRED ACTIVITIES .—A State edu-
cational agency receiving planning grant funds under this section shall carry out each of the following activities: 
‘‘(1) Reviewing reading, writing, or other 
literacy resources and programs, such as school library programs, high-quality dis-tance learning programs, and data across the State to identify any literacy needs and gaps in the State. 
‘‘(2) Forming or designating a State lit-
eracy leadership team which shall execute the following functions: 
‘‘(A) Creating a comprehensive State lit-
eracy plan that— 
‘‘(i) is designed to improve language, read-
ing, writing, and academic achievement for children and students, especially those read-ing below grade level; 
‘‘(ii) includes a needs assessment and an 
implementation plan, including an analysis of child and student literacy data to identify baseline and benchmark levels of literacy and early literacy skills in order to monitor progress and improvement, and a plan to im-prove literacy levels among all children and students; 
‘‘(iii) ensures high quality strategies and 
instruction in early literacy development (which includes communication, reading, and writing) in early childhood education programs serving children from preschool through kindergarten entry and in kinder-garten through grade 12 programs; 
‘‘(iv) provides for activities designed to im-
prove literacy achievement for students who— 
‘‘(I) read or write below grade level; ‘‘(II) attend schools in need of support and 
high-priority schools; and 
‘‘(III) attend schools with a high percent-
age or number of students that are eligible for free or reduced price lunch under the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act (42 U.S.C. 1751 et seq.); and 
‘‘(v) is submitted to the Secretary. ‘‘(B) Providing recommendations to guide 
the State educational agency in the State educational agency’s process of strength-ening State literacy standards and embed-ding State literacy standards with the State’s college and career ready standards, academic achievement standards, and early learning standards. 
‘‘(C) Providing recommendations to guide 
the State educational agency in the State educational agency’s process of measuring, assessing, and monitoring progress in lit-eracy at the school, local educational agen-cy, and State levels. 
‘‘(D) Identifying criteria for high quality 
professional development providers, which providers may include qualified teachers within the State, for the State educational agency and local educational agencies. 
‘‘(E) Advising the State educational agen-
cy on how to help ensure that local edu-cational agencies and schools provide timely and appropriate data to teachers to inform and improve instruction. 
‘‘(F) Providing recommendations to guide 
the State educational agency in the State educational agency’s planning process of building educators’ capacity to provide high- quality literacy instruction. 
‘‘(3) R
EPORTING REQUIREMENT .—Not later 
than 1 year after a State educational agency receives a planning grant under this section, the State educational agency shall submit a report to the Secretary on the State edu-cational agency’s performance of the activi-ties described in this subsection. 
‘‘SEC. 5424. STATE IMPLEMENTATION GRANTS. 
‘‘(a) I MPLEMENTATION GRANTS AUTHOR -
IZED.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—From awards made avail-
able under paragraph (1)(B) or (2)(A)(iv) of section 5422(b), the Secretary shall, on a 
competitive basis or through allotments, re-spectively, award implementation grants to State educational agencies to enable the State educational agencies— 
‘‘(A) to implement a comprehensive lit-
eracy plan that meets the criteria in section 5423(c)(2)(A) for programs serving children from preschool through kindergarten entry through grade 12 programs; 
‘‘(B) to carry out State activities under 
section 5425; and 
‘‘(C) to award subgrants under sections 5426 
and 5427. 
‘‘(2) L
IMITATION .—The Secretary shall not 
award a implementation grant under this section to a State for any year for which the State has received a planning grant under section 5423. 
‘‘(3) D
URATION OF GRANTS .—An implemen-
tation grant under this section shall be awarded for a period of not more than 5 years. 
‘‘(4) R
ENEWALS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Implementation grants 
under this section may be renewed. 
‘‘(B) C ONDITIONS .—In order to be eligible to 
have an implementation grant renewed under this paragraph, the State educational agency shall demonstrate to the satisfaction of the Secretary that— 
‘‘(i) the State educational agency has com-
plied with the terms of the grant, including using the funds to— 
‘‘(I) increase access to high-quality profes-
sional development; 
‘‘(II) use developmentally appropriate cur-
ricula and teaching materials; and 
‘‘(III) use developmentally appropriate 
classroom-based instructional assessments and developmentally appropriate screening and diagnostic assessments; and 
‘‘(ii) with respect to students in kinder-
garten through grade 12, during the period of the grant there has been significant progress in student achievement, as measured by the metrics described in section 5424(b)(2)(C). 
‘‘(b) S
TATE APPLICATIONS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—A State educational 
agency that desires to receive an implemen-tation grant under this section shall submit an application to the Secretary at such time, in such manner, and containing such infor-mation as the Secretary may require. The State educational agency shall collaborate with all State agencies responsible for ad-ministering early childhood education pro-grams, and the State agency responsible for administering child care programs, in the State in writing and implementing the early learning portion of the grant application under this subsection. 
‘‘(2) C
ONTENTS .—An application described 
in paragraph (1) shall include the following: 
‘‘(A) A description of the members of the 
State literacy leadership team and a descrip-tion of how the State educational agency has developed a comprehensive State literacy plan, as described in section 5423(c)(2)(A). 
‘‘(B) An implementation plan that includes 
a description of how the State educational agency will— 
‘‘(i) carry out the State activities de-
scribed in section 5425; 
‘‘(ii) assist eligible entities with— ‘‘(I) providing strategic and intensive lit-
eracy instruction based on scientifically valid research for students who are reading and writing below grade level, including through the use of multi-tiered systems of support, including addressing the literacy needs of children and youth with disabilities or developmental delays and English learn-ers in early childhood education programs serving children from preschool through kin-dergarten entry and programs serving stu-dents from preschool through grade 12; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:10 Feb 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27FE7.011 H27FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1439 February 27, 2015 
‘‘(II) providing training to parents, as ap-
propriate, so that the parents can partici-pate in the literacy related activities de-scribed in sections 5426 and 5427 to assist in the language and literacy development of their children; 
‘‘(III) selecting and using reading and writ-
ing assessments; 
‘‘(IV) providing classroom-based instruc-
tion that is supported by one-to-one and small group work; 
‘‘(V) using curricular materials and in-
structional tools, which may include tech-nology, to improve instruction and literacy achievement; 
‘‘(VI) providing for high-quality profes-
sional development; and 
‘‘(VII) using the principles of universal de-
sign for learning, as described in section 5429(b)(21); 
‘‘(iii) ensure that local educational agen-
cies in the State have leveraged and are ef-fectively leveraging the resources needed to implement effective literacy instruction, and have the capacity to implement literacy ini-tiatives effectively; 
‘‘(iv) continually coordinate and align the 
activities assisted under this section and sec-tions 5426 and 5427 with reading, writing, and other literacy resources and programs across the State and locally that serve children and students and their families and promote lit-eracy instruction and learning, including strengthening partnerships among schools, libraries, local youth-serving agencies, and programs, in order to improve literacy for all children and youth; and 
‘‘(v) ensure that funds provided under this 
section are awarded in a manner that will provide services to all grade levels, including proportionally to middle schools and high schools. 
‘‘(C) A description of the key data metrics 
that will be used and reported annually under section 5427(b)(1)(E), that shall in-clude— 
‘‘(i) student academic achievement on the 
English language arts State academic assess-ments and student growth over time; 
‘‘(ii) for diploma granting schools, gradua-
tion rates; 
‘‘(D) An assurance that the State edu-
cational agency will use implementation grant funds under this section for literacy programs as follows: 
‘‘(i) Not less than 10 percent of such grant 
funds shall be used for State and local pro-grams and activities pertaining to learners from preschool through kindergarten entry. 
‘‘(ii) Not less than 40 percent of such imple-
mentation grant funds shall be used for State and local programs and activities allo-cated equitably among the grades of kinder-garten through grade 5. 
‘‘(iii) Not less than 40 percent of such im-
plementation grant funds shall be used for State and local programs and activities, al-located equitably among grades 6 through 12. 
‘‘(iv) Not more than 10 percent of such im-
plementation grant funds shall be used for the State activities described in section 5425. 
‘‘(E) An assurance that the State edu-
cational agency shall give priority to award-ing a subgrant to an eligible entity— 
‘‘(i) under section 5426 based on the number 
or percentage of children younger than the age of kindergarten entry and the number of students from kindergarten through 17 who are— 
‘‘(I) served by the eligible entity; and ‘‘(II) from families with income below the 
poverty line, based on the most recent satis-factory data provided to the Secretary by the Bureau of the Census for determining eli-gibility under section 1124(c)(1)(A); and 
‘‘(ii) under section 5427, that proposes to 
serve— ‘‘(I) a high number or percentage of stu-
dents served by the eligible entity that are reading and writing below grade level ac-cording to State assessments; 
‘‘(II) students that attend schools in need 
of support and high-priority schools; and 
‘‘(III) students that attend schools with a 
high percentage or number of students that are eligible for free or reduced price lunch under the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act (42 U.S.C. 1751 et seq.). 
‘‘(c) A
PPROVAL OF APPLICATIONS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary, in con-
sultation with the peer review panel estab-lished under paragraph (2), shall evaluate State educational agency applications under subsection (b) based on the responsiveness of the applications to the application require-ments under such subsection. 
‘‘(2) P
EER REVIEW .—The Secretary shall 
convene a peer review panel in accordance with section 5422(c) to evaluate applications for each implementation grant awarded to a State educational agency under this section. 
‘‘(3) E
ARLY LEARNING .—In order for a State 
educational agency’s application under this section to be approved by the Secretary, the application shall contain an assurance that the State agencies responsible for admin-istering early childhood education programs and services, including the State agency re-sponsible for administering child care pro-grams and the State Advisory Council on Early Childhood Education and Care estab-lished under section 642B(b) of the Head Start Act (42 U.S.C. 9837b(b)), approves of, and will be extensively consulted in the im-plementation of related activities and serv-ices consistent with section 5426 with respect to, the early learning portion of the applica-tion. 
‘‘SEC. 5425. STATE ACTIVITIES. 
‘‘(a) R EQUIRED ACTIVITIES .—A State edu-
cational agency shall use funds made avail-able under section 5422(a)(2)(A) and described in section 5424(b)(2)(D)(iv) to carry out the activities proposed in a State’s plan con-sistent with section 5424(b)(2), including the following activities: 
‘‘(1) Carrying out the assurances and ac-
tivities provided in the State application under section 5424(b)(2). 
‘‘(2) In consultation with the State literacy 
leadership team, providing technical assist-ance or engaging qualified providers to pro-vide technical assistance to eligible entities to enable the eligible entities to design and implement a literacy program under sections 5426 and 5427. 
‘‘(3) Providing technical assistance to eli-
gible entities that are prioritized in section 5424(b)(2)(E), including eligible entities that serve low-capacity rural and urban areas by— 
‘‘(A) informing those eligible entities that 
they have a priority for competing for grants under section 5426 and 5427; and 
‘‘(B) providing eligible entities who do not 
receive a grant under section 5426 and 5427 technical assistance so that they may re- compete in following competitions. 
‘‘(4) Continuing to consult with the State 
literacy leadership team and continuing to coordinate with institutions of higher edu-cation in the State— 
‘‘(A) in order to provide recommendations 
to strengthen and enhance preservice courses for students preparing, at institutions of higher education in the State, to teach chil-dren from preschool through grade 12 in ex-plicit, systematic, and intensive instruction in evidence-based literacy methods; and 
‘‘(B) by following up reviews completed by 
the State literacy leadership team with rec-ommendations to ensure that such institu-tions offer courses that meet the highest standards. ‘‘(5) Reviewing and updating, in collabora-
tion with teachers, statewide educational and professional organizations representing teachers, and statewide educational and pro-fessional organizations representing institu-tions of higher education, State licensure and certification standards in the area of lit-eracy instruction in early childhood edu-cation through grade 12. 
‘‘(6) Making publicly available, including 
on the State educational agency’s website, information on promising instructional prac-tices to improve student literacy achieve-ment. 
‘‘(b) P
ERMISSIVE ACTIVITIES .—After car-
rying out activities described in subsection (a), a State educational agency may use re-maining funds made available under section 5422(a)(2)(A) and described in section 5424(b)(2)(D)(iv) to carry out 1 or more of the following activities: 
‘‘(1) Training the personnel of eligible enti-
ties to use data systems that track student literacy achievement. 
‘‘(2) Developing literacy coach training 
programs and training literacy coaches. 
‘‘(3) Building public support among local 
educational agency personnel, early child-hood education programs, and the commu-nity for comprehensive literacy instruction for children and students from preschool through grade 12. 
‘‘SEC. 5426. SUBGRANTS TO ELIGIBLE ENTITIES 
IN SUPPORT OF PRESCHOOL THROUGH KINDERGARTEN ENTRY LITERACY. 
‘‘(a) S UBGRANTS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—A State educational 
agency, in consultation with the State agen-cies responsible for administering early childhood education programs and services, including the State agency responsible for administering child care programs and the State Advisory Council on Early Childhood Education and Care established under sec-tion 642B(b) of the Head Start Act (42 U.S.C. 9837b(b)), shall use implementation grant funds provided under section 5422(a)(2)(B) to award subgrants, on a competitive basis, to eligible entities to enable the eligible enti-ties to support high-quality early literacy initiatives for children from preschool through kindergarten entry. 
‘‘(2) D
URATION .—The term of subgrant 
under this section shall be for 5 years. 
‘‘(b) S UFFICIENT SIZE AND SCOPE.—Each 
subgrant awarded under this section shall be of sufficient size and scope to allow the eligi-ble entity to carry out high-quality early lit-eracy initiatives for children from preschool through kindergarten entry. 
‘‘(c) L
OCAL APPLICATIONS .—An eligible en-
tity desiring to receive a subgrant under this section shall submit an application to the State educational agency, at such time, in such manner, and containing such informa-tion as the State educational agency may re-quire. Such application shall include a de-scription of— 
‘‘(1) how the subgrant funds will be used to 
enhance the language and literacy aspects of school readiness of children, from preschool through kindergarten entry, in early child-hood education programs, including an anal-ysis of the data used to identify how funds will be used to improve language and lit-eracy; 
‘‘(2) the programs assisted under the 
subgrant, including demographic and socio-economic information on the children en-rolled in the programs; 
‘‘(3) a budget for the eligible entity that 
projects the cost of developing and imple-menting literacy initiatives to carry out the activities described in subsection (e); 
‘‘(4) how, if the eligible entity is requesting 
a planning period, the eligible entity will use that planning period to prepare for success-ful implementation of a plan to support the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:10 Feb 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27FE7.011 H27FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1440 February 27, 2015 
development of learning and literacy con-
sistent with the purposes of this subpart; 
‘‘(5) the literacy initiatives, if any, in place 
and how these initiatives will be coordinated and integrated with activities supported under this section; 
‘‘(6) how the subgrant funds will be used to 
prepare and provide ongoing assistance to staff in the programs, through high-quality professional development; 
‘‘(7) how the subgrant funds will be used to 
provide services, incorporate activities, and select and use literacy instructional mate-rials that meet the diverse developmental and linguistic needs of children, including English learners and children with disabil-ities and developmental delays, and that are based on scientifically valid research on child development and learning for children from preschool through kindergarten entry; 
‘‘(8) how the subgrant funds will be used to 
provide screening assessments, diagnostic as-sessments, classroom-based instructional as-sessments, and assessments of developmental progress; 
‘‘(9) how families and caregivers will be in-
volved, as appropriate, in supporting their children’s literacy development, instruction, and assessment; 
‘‘(10) how the subgrant funds will be used 
to help children, particularly children expe-riencing difficulty with oral and written lan-guage, to make the transition from early childhood education to formal classroom in-struction; 
‘‘(11) how the activities assisted under the 
subgrant will be coordinated with literacy instruction at the kindergarten through grade 5 level; 
‘‘(12) how the subgrant funds will be used— ‘‘(A) to evaluate the success of the activi-
ties assisted under the subgrant in enhanc-ing the early language and literacy develop-ment of children from preschool through kindergarten entry; and 
‘‘(B) to evaluate data for program improve-
ment; and 
‘‘(13) such other information as the State 
educational agency may require. 
‘‘(d) A
PPROVAL OF LOCAL APPLICATIONS .— 
The State educational agency, in consulta-tion with the State agencies responsible for administering early childhood education pro-grams, including the State agency respon-sible for administering child care programs and the State Advisory Council on Early Childhood Education and Care established under section 642B(b) of the Head Start Act (42 U.S.C. 9837b(b)), shall— 
‘‘(1) select applications for funding under 
this section based on the quality of the ap-plications submitted, including the relation-ship between literacy activities proposed and the research base or data supporting such ac-tivities, as appropriate, and the rec-ommendations of— 
‘‘(A) the State literacy leadership team; 
and 
‘‘(B) other experts in the area of early lit-
eracy; and 
‘‘(2) place priority for funding programs 
based on the criteria in section 5424(b)(2)(E)(i). 
‘‘(e) L
OCAL USES OF FUNDS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—An eligible entity that 
receives a subgrant under this section shall use the subgrant funds consistent with the application proposed in subsection (c) to carry out the following activities: 
‘‘(A) Enhancing and improving early child-
hood education programs to ensure that chil-dren in such programs are provided with high-quality oral language and literature- and print-rich environments in which to de-velop early literacy skills. 
‘‘(B) Providing high-quality professional 
development. ‘‘(C) Acquiring, providing training for, and 
implementing screening assessments, diag-nostic assessments, and classroom-based in-structional assessments. 
‘‘(D) Selecting, developing, and imple-
menting a multi-tiered system of support. 
‘‘(E) Integrating evidence-based instruc-
tional materials, activities, tools, and meas-ures into the programs offered by the eligible entity to improve development of early learning language and literacy skills. 
‘‘(F) Training providers and personnel to 
support, develop, and administer high-qual-ity early learning literacy initiatives that— 
‘‘(i) utilize data— 
‘‘(I) to inform instructional design; and ‘‘(II) to assess literacy needs; and ‘‘(ii) provide time and support for per-
sonnel to meet to plan literacy instruction. 
‘‘(G) Providing for family literacy services, 
as appropriate, and partnering with families to support their child’s learning. 
‘‘(H) Annually collecting, summarizing, 
and reporting to the State educational agen-cy data— 
‘‘(i) to document and monitor, for the pur-
pose of improving or increasing early lit-eracy and language skills development pur-suant to activities carried out under this section; 
‘‘(ii) to stimulate and accelerate improve-
ment by identifying the programs served by the eligible entity that produce significant gains in skills development; and 
‘‘(iii) for all subgroups of students and cat-
egories of students that— 
‘‘(I) utilizes a variety of data; and ‘‘(II) is consistent across the State. ‘‘(2) L
IMITATION .—An eligible entity that 
receives a subgrant under this section shall not use more than 10 percent of the subgrant funds to purchase curricula and assessment materials. 
‘‘(f) P
ROHIBITION .—The use of assessment 
items and data on any assessment authorized under this section to provide rewards or sanctions for individual children, early childhood educators, teachers, program di-rectors, or principals is prohibited. 
‘‘SEC. 5427. CONSEQUENCES OF INSUFFICIENT 
PROGRESS, REPORTING REQUIRE-MENTS, AND CONFLICTS OF INTER-EST. 
‘‘(a) C ONSEQUENCES OF INSUFFICIENT  
PROGRESS .— 
‘‘(1) C ONSEQUENCES FOR GRANT RECIPI -
ENTS .—If the Secretary determines that a 
State educational agency receiving an award under section 5422(b) or an eligible entity re-ceiving a subgrant under section 5426 or 5427 is not making significant progress in meet-ing the purposes of this subpart and the key metrics identified by the State educational agency under section 5424(b)(2)(C) after the submission of a report described in sub-section (b), then the Secretary may with-hold, in whole or in part, further payments under this subpart in accordance with sec-tion 455 of the General Education Provisions Act (20 U.S.C. 1234d) or take such other ac-tion authorized by law as the Secretary de-termines necessary, including providing technical assistance upon request of the State educational agency or eligible entity, respectively. 
‘‘(2) C
ONSEQUENCES FOR SUBGRANT RECIPI -
ENTS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—A State educational 
agency receiving an award under section 5422(b) may refuse to award subgrant funds to an eligible entity under section 5426 or 5427 if the State educational agency finds that the eligible entity is not making sig-nificant progress in meeting the purposes of this subpart, after— 
‘‘(i) affording the eligible entity notice, a 
period for correction, and an opportunity for a hearing; and ‘‘(ii) providing technical assistance to the 
eligible entity. 
‘‘(B) F
UNDS AVAILABLE .—Subgrant funds 
not awarded under subparagraph (A) shall be redirected to an eligible entity serving simi-lar children and students in the same area or region as the eligible entity not awarded the subgrant funds, to the greatest extent prac-ticable. 
‘‘(b) R
EPORTING REQUIREMENTS .— 
‘‘(1) S TATE EDUCATIONAL AGENCY REPORTS .— 
Each State educational agency receiving an award under section 5422(b) shall report an-nually to the Secretary regarding the State educational agency’s progress in addressing the purposes of this subpart. Such report shall include, at a minimum, a description of— 
‘‘(A) the professional development activi-
ties provided under the award, including types of activities and entities involved in providing professional development to class-room teachers and other program staff, such as school librarians; 
‘‘(B) the instruction, strategies, activities, 
curricula, materials, and assessments used in the programs funded under the award; 
‘‘(C)(i) the types of programs and, for chil-
dren from preschool to kindergarten entry, program settings, funded under the award; and 
‘‘(ii) the ages and demographic information 
that is not individually identifiable of chil-dren served by the programs funded under the award; 
‘‘(D) the experience and qualifications of 
the program staff who provide literacy in-struction under the programs funded under the award, including the experience and qualifications of those staff working with children with disabilities or developmental delays and with English learners and chil-dren from preschool to kindergarten entry; 
‘‘(E) key data metrics identified under sec-
tion 5424(b)(2)(C) used for literacy initiatives; 
‘‘(F) student performance on relevant pro-
gram metrics, as identified in the State edu-cation agency’s implementation plan under section 5424(b)(2)(C); and 
‘‘(G) the outcomes of programs and activi-
ties provided under the award. 
‘‘(2) E
LIGIBLE ENTITY REPORTS .—Each eligi-
ble entity receiving a subgrant under section 5426 or 5427 shall report annually to the State educational agency regarding the eli-gible entity’s progress in addressing the pur-poses of this subpart. Such report shall in-clude, at a minimum, a description of— 
‘‘(A) how the subgrant funds were used; and ‘‘(B) student performance on relevant pro-
gram metrics, as identified in the State edu-cation agency’s implementation plan under section 5424(b)(2)(C). 
‘‘(c) C
ONFLICTS OF INTEREST .—The Sec-
retary shall ensure that each member of the peer review panel described in section 5422(c) and each member of a State literacy leader-ship team participating in a program or ac-tivity assisted under this subpart does not stand to benefit financially from a grant or subgrant awarded under this subpart. 
‘‘SEC. 5428. DEFINITIONS. 
‘‘In this subpart: ‘‘(1) C
HARACTERISTICS OF EFFECTIVE LIT -
ERACY STRATEGIES AND INSTRUCTION .—The 
term ‘characteristics of effective literacy strategies and instruction’ means— 
‘‘(A) for children from preschool through 
kindergarten entry— 
‘‘(i) providing high quality professional de-
velopment opportunities for early childhood educators, teachers, and school leaders in— 
‘‘(I) literacy development; ‘‘(II) language development; ‘‘(III) English language acquisition (as ap-
propriate); and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:10 Feb 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00066 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27FE7.011 H27FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1441 February 27, 2015 
‘‘(IV) effective language and literacy in-
struction and teaching strategies aligned to State standards; 
‘‘(ii) reading aloud to children, engaging 
children in shared reading experiences, dis-cussing reading with children, and modeling age and developmentally appropriate reading strategies; 
‘‘(iii) encouraging children’s early at-
tempts at communication, reading, writing, and drawing, and talking about the meaning of the reading, writing, and drawing with others; 
‘‘(iv) creating conversation rich classrooms 
and using oral modeling techniques to build oral language skills; 
‘‘(v) multiplying opportunities for children 
to use language with peers and adults; 
‘‘(vi) providing strategic and explicit in-
struction in the identification of speech sounds, letters, and letter-sound correspond-ence; 
‘‘(vii) integrating oral and written lan-
guage; 
‘‘(viii) stimulating vocabulary develop-
ment; 
‘‘(ix) using differentiated instructional ap-
proaches or teaching strategies, including— 
‘‘(I) individual and small group instruction 
or interactions; and 
‘‘(II) professional development, curriculum 
development, and classroom instruction; 
‘‘(x) applying the principles of universal 
design for learning, as described in section 5429(b)(21); 
‘‘(xi) using age-appropriate screening as-
sessments, diagnostic assessments, forma-tive assessments, and summative assess-ments to identify individual learning needs, to inform instruction, and to monitor— 
‘‘(I) student progress and the effects of in-
struction over time; and 
‘‘(II) for children between the ages of pre-
school and kindergarten entry, progress and development within established norms; 
‘‘(xii) coordinating the involvement of 
families, early childhood education program staff, principals, other school leaders, and teachers in the reading and writing achieve-ment of children served under this subpart; 
‘‘(xiii) using a variety of age and develop-
mentally appropriate, high quality materials for language development, reading, and writ-ing; 
‘‘(xiv) encouraging family literacy experi-
ences and practices, and educating teachers, public librarians, and parents and other care-givers about literacy development and child literacy development; and 
‘‘(xv) using strategies to enhance chil-
dren’s— 
‘‘(I) motivation to communicate, read, and 
write; and 
‘‘(II) engagement in self-directed learning; ‘‘(B) for students in kindergarten through 
grade 3— 
‘‘(i) providing high quality professional de-
velopment opportunities, for teachers, lit-eracy coaches, literacy specialists, English as a second language specialists (as appro-priate), school librarians, and principals, on literacy development, language develop-ment, English language acquisition, and ef-fective literacy instruction that— 
‘‘(I) aligns to State standards as well as 
local curricula and instructional assess-ments; and 
‘‘(II) addresses literacy development oppor-
tunities across the curricula; 
‘‘(ii) providing age appropriate direct and 
explicit instruction; 
‘‘(iii) providing strategic, systematic, and 
explicit instruction in phonological aware-ness, phonic decoding, vocabulary, reading fluency, and reading comprehension; 
‘‘(iv) making available and using diverse 
texts at the reading, development, and inter-est level of students; ‘‘(v) providing multiple opportunities for 
students to write individually and collabo-ratively with instruction and feedback; 
‘‘(vi) using differentiated instructional ap-
proaches, including individual, small group, and classroom-based instruction and discus-sion; 
‘‘(vii) using oral modeling techniques and 
opportunities for students to use language with the students’ peers and adults to build student language skills; 
‘‘(viii) providing time and opportunities for 
systematic and intensive instruction, inter-vention, and practice to supplement regular instruction, which can be provided inside and outside the classroom as well as during and outside regular school hours; 
‘‘(ix) providing instruction in uses of print 
materials and technological resources for re-search and for generating and presenting content and ideas; 
‘‘(x) using screening assessments, diag-
nostic assessments, formative assessments, and summative assessments to identify stu-dent learning needs, to inform instruction, and to monitor student progress and the ef-fects of instruction over time; 
‘‘(xi) coordinating the involvement of fam-
ilies, caregivers, teachers, principals, other school leaders, and teacher literacy teams in the reading and writing achievement of chil-dren served under this subpart; 
‘‘(xii) encouraging family literacy experi-
ences and practices; and 
‘‘(xiii) using strategies to enhance stu-
dents’— 
‘‘(I) motivation to read and write; and ‘‘(II) engagement in self-directed learning; 
and 
‘‘(C) for students in grades 4 through 12— ‘‘(i) providing high quality professional de-
velopment opportunities for teachers, lit-eracy coaches, literacy specialists, English as a second language specialists (as appro-priate), school librarians, and principals, in-cluding professional development on literacy development, language development, and ef-fective literacy instruction embedded in schools and aligned to State standards; 
‘‘(ii) providing direct and explicit com-
prehension instruction; 
‘‘(iii) providing direct and explicit instruc-
tion that builds academic vocabulary and strategies and knowledge of text structure for reading different kinds of texts within and across core academic subjects; 
‘‘(iv) making available and using diverse 
texts at the reading, development, and inter-est level of the students; 
‘‘(v) providing multiple opportunities for 
students to write with clear purposes and critical reasoning appropriate to the topic and purpose and with specific instruction and feedback from teachers and peers; 
‘‘(vi) using differentiated instructional ap-
proaches; 
‘‘(vii) using strategies to enhance stu-
dents’— 
‘‘(I) motivation to read and write; and ‘‘(II) engagement in self-directed learning; ‘‘(viii) providing for text-based learning 
across content areas; 
‘‘(ix) providing systematic, strategic, and 
individual and small group instruction, in-cluding intensive supplemental intervention for students reading significantly below grade level, which may be provided inside and outside the classroom as well as during and outside regular school hours; 
‘‘(x) providing instruction in the uses of 
technology and multimedia resources for classroom research and for generating and presenting content and ideas; 
‘‘(xi) using screening assessments, diag-
nostic assessments, formative assessments, and summative assessments to identify learning needs, inform instruction, and mon-itor student progress and the effects of in-
struction; 
‘‘(xii) coordinating the involvement of 
families and caregivers, to the extent fea-sible and appropriate as determined by the Secretary, to improve reading, writing, and academic achievement; and 
‘‘(xiii) coordinating the involvement of 
school librarians, teachers, principals, other school leaders, teacher literacy teams, and English as a second language specialists (as appropriate), that analyze student work and plan or deliver instruction over time. 
‘‘(2) C
LASSROOM -BASED INSTRUCTIONAL AS -
SESSMENT .—The term ‘classroom-based in-
structional assessment’ means an assess-
ment, for children between preschool through grade 3, that— 
‘‘(A) is valid and reliable for the age and 
population of children being assessed; 
‘‘(B) is used to evaluate children’s develop-
mental progress and learning, including sys-tematic observations by teachers of children performing tasks, including academic and literacy tasks, that are part of their daily classroom experience; and 
‘‘(C) is used to improve classroom instruc-
tion. 
‘‘(3) C
OMPREHENSIVE LITERACY INSTRUC -
TION.—The term ‘comprehensive literacy in-
struction’ means instruction that— 
‘‘(A) involves the characteristics of effec-
tive literacy instruction; and 
‘‘(B) is designed to support the essential 
components of reading instruction and the essential components of writing instruction. 
‘‘(4) D
EVELOPMENTAL DELAY .—The term ‘de-
velopmental delay’ has the meaning given the term in section 632 of the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (20 U.S.C. 1432). 
‘‘(5) D
IAGNOSTIC ASSESSMENT .—The term 
‘diagnostic assessment’ means an assessment that— 
‘‘(A) is valid, reliable, and based on sci-
entifically valid research on language, lit-eracy, and English language acquisition; 
‘‘(B) is used for the purposes of— ‘‘(i) identifying a student’s specific areas of 
strengths and weaknesses in oral language and literacy; 
‘‘(ii) determining any difficulties that the 
student may have in oral language and lit-eracy and the potential cause of such dif-ficulties; and 
‘‘(iii) helping to determine possible lit-
eracy intervention strategies and related special needs of the student; and 
‘‘(C) in the case of young children, is con-
ducted after a screening assessment that identifies potential risks or a lack of school preparedness, including oral language and literacy development, or delayed develop-ment. 
‘‘(6) E
LIGIBLE ENTITY .—The term ‘eligible 
entity’ means— 
‘‘(A) when used with respect to children 
from preschool through kindergarten entry— 
‘‘(i) 1 or more local educational agencies 
providing early childhood education pro-grams, or 1 or more public or private early childhood education programs, serving chil-dren from preschool through kindergarten entry (such as a Head Start program, a child care program, a State-funded prekinder-garten program, a public library program, or a family literacy program), that has a dem-onstrated record of providing effective lit-eracy instruction for the age group such agency or program proposes to serve under section 5426; or 
‘‘(ii) 1 or more entities described in clause 
(i) acting in partnership with 1 or more pub-lic agencies or private nonprofit organiza-tions that have a demonstrated record of ef-fectiveness— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:10 Feb 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00067 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27FE7.011 H27FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1442 February 27, 2015 
‘‘(I) in improving the early literacy devel-
opment of children from preschool through kindergarten entry; and 
‘‘(II) in providing professional development 
aligned with the activities described in sec-tion 5426(e)(1); or 
‘‘(B) when used with respect to students in 
kindergarten through grade 12— 
‘‘(i) that is— ‘‘(I) a local educational agency; ‘‘(II) a consortium of local educational 
agencies; or 
‘‘(III) or a local educational agency or con-
sortium of local educational agencies that may act in partnership with 1 or more public agencies or private nonprofit organizations, which agencies or organizations shall have a demonstrated record of effectiveness, con-sistent with the purposes of their participa-tion, in improving literacy achievement of students from kindergarten through grade 12 and in providing professional development described in section 5427(a)(3)(B); 
‘‘(ii) that— ‘‘(I) is among, or consists of, the local edu-
cational agencies in the State with the high-est numbers or percentages of students read-ing or writing below grade level, based on the most currently available State academic assessment data; 
‘‘(II) has jurisdiction over a significant 
number or percentage of schools that are identified for school improvement under sec-tion 1116; or 
‘‘(iii) has the highest numbers or percent-
ages of children who are counted under sec-tion 1124(c), in comparison to other local educational agencies in the State. 
‘‘(7) E
NGLISH LANGUAGE ACQUISITION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The term ‘English lan-
guage acquisition’ means the process by which a non-native English speaker acquires proficiency in speaking, listening, reading, and writing the English language. 
‘‘(B) I
NCLUSIONS FOR ENGLISH LEARNERS IN  
SCHOOL .—For an English language learner in 
school, such term includes not only the so-cial language proficiency needed to partici-pate in the school environment, but also the academic language proficiency needed to ac-quire literacy and academic content and demonstrate the student’s learning. 
‘‘(8) E
SSENTIAL COMPONENTS OF READING IN -
STRUCTION .—The term ‘essential components 
of reading instruction’ means develop-mentally appropriate, contextually explicit, systematic instruction, and frequent prac-tice, in reading across content areas. 
‘‘(9) E
SSENTIAL COMPONENTS OF WRITING IN -
STRUCTION .—The term ‘essential components 
of writing instruction’ means develop-
mentally appropriate and contextually ex-plicit instruction, and frequent practice, in writing across content areas. 
‘‘(10) F
AMILY LITERACY SERVICES .—The 
term ‘family literacy services’ means lit-eracy services provided on a voluntary basis that are of sufficient intensity in terms of hours and duration and that integrate all of the following activities: 
‘‘(A) Interactive literacy activities be-
tween or among parents and their children, including parent literacy training. 
‘‘(B) Training for parents regarding how to 
be the primary teacher for their children and full partners in the education of their chil-dren. 
‘‘(C) Parent literacy training that leads to 
economic self-sufficiency. 
‘‘(D) An age-appropriate education to pre-
pare children for success in school and life experiences. 
‘‘(11) F
ORMATIVE ASSESSMENT .—The term 
‘formative assessment’ means a process that— 
‘‘(A) is teacher-generated or selected by 
teachers and students during instructional learning; ‘‘(B) is embedded within the learning activ-
ity and linked directly to the current unit of instruction; and 
‘‘(C) provides feedback to adjust ongoing 
teaching and learning to improve students’ achievement of intended instructional out-comes. 
‘‘(12) H
IGH-QUALITY PROFESSIONAL DEVELOP -
MENT .—The term ‘high-quality professional 
development’ means professional develop-ment that— 
‘‘(A) is job-embedded, ongoing, and based 
on scientifically valid research; 
‘‘(B) is sustained, intensive, and classroom- 
focused; 
‘‘(C) is designed to increase the knowledge 
and expertise of teachers, early childhood educators and administrators, principals, other school leaders, and other program staff in applying— 
‘‘(i) the characteristics of effective literacy 
instruction; 
‘‘(ii) the essential components of reading 
instruction; 
‘‘(iii) the essential components of writing 
instruction; and 
‘‘(iv) instructional strategies and practices 
that are appropriate to the age, develop-ment, and needs of children and improve stu-dent learning, including strategies and prac-tices consistent with the principles of uni-versal design for learning, as described in section 5429(b)(21); 
‘‘(D) includes and supports teachers in ef-
fectively administering age appropriate and developmentally appropriate assessments, and analyzing the results of such assess-ments for the purposes of planning, moni-toring, adapting, and improving effective classroom instruction or teaching strategies to improve student literacy; 
‘‘(E) for educators working with students 
in kindergarten through grade 12— 
‘‘(i) supports the characteristics of effec-
tive literacy instruction through core aca-demic subjects, and through career and tech-nical education subjects where such career and technical education subjects provide for the integration of core academic subjects; and 
‘‘(ii) includes explicit instruction in dis-
cipline-specific thinking and how to read and interpret discipline-specific text structures and features; 
‘‘(F) includes instructional strategies uti-
lizing one-to-one, small group, and class-room-based instructional materials and ap-proaches based on scientifically valid re-search on literacy; 
‘‘(G) provides ongoing instructional lit-
eracy coaching— 
‘‘(i) to ensure high-quality implementation 
of effective practices of literacy instruction that are content-centered, integrated across the curricula, collaborative, and embedded in the school, classroom, or other setting; and 
‘‘(ii) that uses student data to improve in-
struction; 
‘‘(H) includes and supports teachers in set-
ting high reading and writing achievement goals for all students and provides the teach-ers with the instructional tools and skills to help students reach such goals; and 
‘‘(I) is differentiated for educators working 
with children from preschool through kin-dergarten entry, students in kindergarten through grade 5, and students in grades 6 through 12, and, as appropriate, by student grade or student need. 
‘‘(13) L
ITERACY COACH .—The term ‘literacy 
coach’ means a professional— 
‘‘(A) who— ‘‘(i) has previous teaching experience and— ‘‘(I) a master’s degree with a concentration 
in reading and writing education; 
‘‘(II) demonstrated proficiency in teaching 
reading or writing in a core academic subject consistent with the characteristics of effec-
tive literacy instruction; or 
‘‘(III) in the case of a literacy coach for 
children from preschool through kinder-garten entry, a concentration, credential, or significant experience in child development and early literacy development; and 
‘‘(ii) is able to demonstrate the ability to 
help teachers— 
‘‘(I) apply research on how students be-
come successful readers, writers, and com-municators; 
‘‘(II) apply multiple forms of assessment to 
guide instructional decisionmaking and use data to improve literacy instruction; 
‘‘(III) improve student writing and reading 
in and across content areas such as mathe-matics, science, social studies, and language arts; 
‘‘(IV) develop and implement differentiated 
instruction and teaching approaches to serve 
the needs of the full range of learners, in-cluding English learners and children with disabilities; 
‘‘(V) apply principles of universal design 
for learning, as described in section 5429(b)(21); 
‘‘(VI) employ best practices in engaging 
principals, early childhood educators and ad-ministrators, teachers, and other profes-sionals supporting literacy instruction to change school cultures to better encourage and support literacy development and achievement; and 
‘‘(VII)(aa) for children from preschool 
through kindergarten entry, set develop-mentally appropriate expectations for lan-guage; and 
‘‘(bb) for all children, set literacy develop-
ment and high reading and writing achieve-ment goals and select, acquire, and use in-structional tools and skills to help the chil-dren reach such goals; and 
‘‘(B) whose role with teachers and profes-
sionals supporting literacy instruction is— 
‘‘(i) to provide high-quality professional 
development; 
‘‘(ii) to work cooperatively and collabo-
ratively with principals, teachers, and other professionals in employing strategies to help teachers identify and support student lan-guage and literacy needs and teach literacy across content areas and developmental do-mains; and 
‘‘(iii) to work cooperatively and collabo-
ratively with other professionals in employ-ing strategies to help teachers teach literacy across content areas so that the teachers can meet the needs of all students, including children with disabilities, English learners, and students who are reading at or above grade level. 
‘‘(14) M
ULTI-TIERED SYSTEM OF SUPPORT .— 
The term ‘multi-tiered system of support’ means a comprehensive system of differen-tiated supports that includes evidence-based instruction, universal screening, progress monitoring, formative assessments, evi-dence-based interventions matched to stu-dent needs and educational decisionmaking using student outcome data. 
‘‘(15) R
EADING .—The term ‘reading’ means 
a complex system of deriving meaning from print that requires, in ways that are develop-mentally, content, and contextually appro-priate, all of the following: 
‘‘(A) P
HONEMES .—The skills and knowledge 
to understand how phonemes, or speech sounds, are connected to print. 
‘‘(B) A
CCURACY , FLUENCY , AND UNDER -
STANDING .—The ability to read accurately, 
fluently, and with understanding. 
‘‘(C) R EADING COMPREHENSION .—The use of 
background knowledge and vocabulary to make meaning from a text. 
‘‘(D) A
CTIVE STRATEGIES .—The develop-
ment and use of appropriate active strategies 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:10 Feb 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00068 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27FE7.011 H27FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1443 February 27, 2015 
to interpret and construct meaning from 
print. 
‘‘(16) S CIENTIFICALLY VALID RESEARCH .—The 
term ‘scientifically valid research’ has the meaning given the term in section 200 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1021). 
‘‘(17) S
CREENING ASSESSMENT .—The term 
‘screening assessment’ means an assessment that— 
‘‘(A) is valid, reliable, and based on sci-
entifically valid research on literacy and English language acquisition; and 
‘‘(B) is a procedure designed as a first step 
in identifying children who may be at high risk for delayed development or academic failure and in need of further diagnosis of the children’s need for special services or addi-tional literacy instruction. 
‘‘(18) S
PECIALIZED INSTRUCTIONAL SUPPORT  
PERSONNEL (SISP) .—The term ‘Specialized In-
structional Support Personnel’ or ‘SISP’ 
means school counselors, school social work-ers, school psychologists, and other qualified professional personnel involved in providing assessment, diagnosis, counseling, edu-cational, therapeutic, and other necessary services (included related services as that term is defined in section 602 of the Individ-uals with Disabilities Education Act) as part of a comprehensive program to meet student needs. 
‘‘(19) S
TATE .—The term ‘State’ has the 
meaning given the term in section 103 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1003). 
‘‘(20) S
TATE LITERACY LEADERSHIP TEAM .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The term ‘State literacy 
leadership team’ means a team that— 
‘‘(i) is appointed and coordinated by the 
State educational agency; 
‘‘(ii) assumes the responsibility to guide 
the development and implementation of a statewide, comprehensive literacy plan; 
‘‘(iii) is composed of not less than 11 indi-
viduals; and 
‘‘(iv) shall include— ‘‘(I) not less than 3 individuals who have 
literacy expertise in one of each of the areas of— 
‘‘(aa) preschool through school entry, such 
as the State Head Start collaboration direc-tor; 
‘‘(bb) kindergarten entry through grade 5; 
and 
‘‘(cc) grades 6 through 12; ‘‘(II) a school principal; ‘‘(III) teachers and administrators with ex-
pertise in literacy and special education; 
‘‘(IV) teachers and administrators with ex-
pertise in teaching the English language to English learners; 
‘‘(V) a representative from the State edu-
cational agency who oversees literacy initia-tives; and 
‘‘(VI) a representative from higher edu-
cation who is actively involved in research, development, or teacher preparation in lit-eracy instruction and intervention based on scientifically valid research. 
‘‘(B) I
NCLUSION OF A PREEXISTING PARTNER -
SHIP.—If, before the date of enactment of the 
Student Success Act, a State educational agency established a consortium, partner-ship, or any other similar body that was con-sidered a literacy partnership for purposes of subpart 1 or 2 of part B of title I and that in-cludes the individuals required under sub-paragraph (A)(iv), such consortium, partner-ship, or body may be considered a State lit-eracy leadership team for purposes of sub-paragraph (A). 
‘‘(21) S
UMMATIVE ASSESSMENT .—The term 
‘summative assessment’ means an assess-ment that— 
‘‘(A) is valid, reliable, and based on sci-
entifically valid research on literacy and English language acquisition; and 
‘‘(B) measures— ‘‘(i) for children from preschool through 
kindergarten entry, how the children have progressed over time relative to develop-mental norms; and 
‘‘(ii) for students in kindergarten through 
grade 12, what the students have learned over time, relative to academic content standards. 
‘‘(22) U
NIVERSAL DESIGN FOR LEARNING .— 
The term ‘universal design for learning’ has the meaning given the term in section 103 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1003). 
‘‘(23) W
RITING .—The term ‘writing’ means— 
‘‘(A) composing meaning in print or 
through other media, including technologies, to communicate and to create new knowl-edge in ways appropriate to the context of the writing and the literacy development stage of the writer; 
‘‘(B) composing ideas individually and col-
laboratively in ways that are appropriate for a variety of purposes, audiences, and occa-sions; 
‘‘(C) choosing vocabulary, tone, genre, and 
conventions, such as spelling and punctua-tion, suitable to the purpose, audience, and occasion; and 
‘‘(D) revising compositions for clarity of 
ideas, coherence, logical development, and precision of language use. 
‘‘SEC. 5430. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIA-
TIONS. 
‘‘There are authorized to be appropriated 
to carry out this subpart $500,000,000 for fis-cal year 2016 and such sums as may be nec-essary for subsequent fiscal years. 
‘‘S
UBPART 3—A W ELL-ROUNDED EDUCATION  
‘‘SEC. 5431. PROGRAM AUTHORIZED. 
‘‘From the amount appropriated each fis-
cal year to carry out this subpart, the Sec-
retary— 
‘‘(1) shall— ‘‘(A) reserve not less than 5 percent for na-
tional activities under section 5438; and 
‘‘(B) of the funds remaining after the Sec-
retary reserves funds under subparagraph (A)— 
‘‘(i) use at least 25 percent to award grants 
to eligible entities under this subpart to carry out proven practices, strategies, or programs in American history, civic edu-cation, and geography; 
‘‘(ii) use at least 15 percent to award grants 
to eligible entities under this subpart to carry out proven practices, strategies, or programs in economic and financial literacy education and entrepreneurship education; 
‘‘(iii) use at least 15 percent to award 
grants to eligible entities under this subpart to carry out proven practices, strategies, or programs in foreign language education; 
‘‘(iv) use at least 15 percent to award 
grants to eligible entities under this subpart to carry out proven practices, strategies, or programs for music and the arts education; and 
‘‘(v) use at least 10 percent to award grants 
to eligible entities under this subpart to carry out proven practices, strategies, or programs in Javits gifted and talented edu-cation; and 
‘‘(vi) use at least 10 percent to award 
grants to eligible entities as described in sec-tion 5432(2) to carry out proven practices, strategies, or programs in ready-to-learn; and 
‘‘(2) may use the funds remaining after the 
Secretary reserves and uses funds under paragraph (1) to award grants to eligible en-tities under this subpart to carry out any of the proven practices, strategies, or programs described in clauses (i) through (v) of para-graph (1)(B). 
‘‘SEC. 5432. ELIGIBLE ENTITY DEFINED. 
‘‘In this subpart, an eligible entity means 
one of the following: ‘‘(1) A State educational agency, local edu-
cational agency, or an educational service agency with a local educational agency that is in partnership with one or more of the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(A) An institution of higher education. ‘‘(B) A nonprofit organization with dem-
onstrated expertise in the content areas de-scribed in section 5431(1)(B). 
‘‘(C) A library or museum. ‘‘(2) A public telecommunications entity 
that is able to demonstrate each of the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(A) A capacity for the development and 
national distribution of educational and in-structional television programming of high quality that is accessible by a large majority of disadvantaged preschool and elementary school children. 
‘‘(B) A capacity to contract with the pro-
ducers of children’s television programming for the purpose of developing educational television programming of high quality. 
‘‘(C) A capacity, consistent with the enti-
ty’s mission and nonprofit nature, to nego-tiate such contracts in a manner that re-turns to the entity an appropriate share of any ancillary income from sales of any pro-gram-related products. 
‘‘(D) A capacity to localize programming 
and materials to meet specific State and local needs and to provide educational out-reach at the local level. 
‘‘SEC. 5433. GRANT PRIORITY, DURATION, AND 
SIZE AND SCOPE REQUIREMENTS. 
‘‘(a) P RIORITY .—In awarding grants under 
this subpart, the Secretary shall give pri-ority to— 
‘‘(1) eligible entities proposing to serve 
schools in need of support or persistently low achieving schools; and 
‘‘(2) eligible entities proposing to serve a 
high percentage and number of children from families with incomes below the poverty line according to the most recent census data ap-proved by the Secretary. 
‘‘(b) D
URATION .—The Secretary shall award 
grants under this subpart for a period of 5 years. 
‘‘(c) S
UFFICIENT SIZE AND SCOPE.—In 
awarding grants under this subpart, the Sec-retary shall ensure that grants are of suffi-cient size and scope. 
‘‘SEC. 5434. SUPPLEMENT, NOT SUPPLANT. 
‘‘Funds received under this subpart shall 
be used to supplement, not supplant, Federal and non-Federal funds available to support child and youth services. 
‘‘SEC. 5435. APPLICATION REQUIREMENTS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—To receive a grant under 
one or more of the grant programs described in clauses (i) through (v) of section 5431(1)(B), an eligible entity shall submit an applica-tion to the Secretary at such time, in such manner, and containing the information that the Secretary may require, including the in-formation described in subsection (c). 
‘‘(b) M
ULTIPLE APPLICATIONS .—An eligible 
entity may apply for one or more grant pro-grams under this subpart, and may use a consolidated application to apply for more than one grant program under this subpart . 
‘‘(c) A
PPLICATION REQUIREMENTS .— An ap-
plication submitted under subsection (a) shall contain the following: 
‘‘(1) A description of the promising or prov-
en practice, strategy, or program that the applicant proposes to implement in a con-tent area listed in clauses (i) through (v) of section 5431(1)(B). 
‘‘(2) A description of how the proposed 
practice, strategy, or program is evidence- based and will improve teaching practices as well as student achievement or student aca-demic growth especially with high-need stu-dent populations. 
‘‘(3) A description of how the proposed 
practice, strategy, or program fits into the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:10 Feb 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00069 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27FE7.011 H27FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1444 February 27, 2015 
State or local educational agency’s overall 
strategy that students have access to a well- rounded education. 
‘‘(4) A description of how the proposed 
practice, strategy, or program will be aligned with school improvement plans. 
‘‘(5) A description of how the activities will 
adequately address the needs of students with disabilities and English learners. 
‘‘(6) A description of the applicant’s plan 
for data collection, analysis, and dissemina-tion of results and outcomes, including an assurance that the applicant will make this information publicly available and accessible to educators, researchers, and other experts. 
‘‘(7) A description of how the applicant will 
provide for the completion of an independent evaluation of the project (including through the use of formative and summative evalua-tion methodologies) during the grant period to assess its impact on student achievement, student academic growth, student engage-ment, and other program goals, including its potential for replication and expansion. 
‘‘(8) If the applicant proposes to expand an 
existing practice, strategy, or program with at least moderate evidence, a description of how the applicant proposes to reach addi-tional participants in such practice, strat-egy, or program. 
‘‘(d) P
EERREVIEW .—The Secretary shall es-
tablish a peer-review process to assist in re-view of applications submitted under this section. 
‘‘SEC. 5436. USES OF FUNDS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Each eligible entity that 
receives a grant under this subpart shall carry out one or more of the following: 
‘‘(1) Plan, develop, expand, or improve 
practices, strategies, and programs in the ap-plicable content area. 
‘‘(2) Develop and implement instructional 
materials, assessments (including perform-ance-based assessments), and curriculum, aligned with State standards in a content area listed in clauses (i) through (v) of sec-tion 5431(1)(B), which embed principles of universal design for learning, as described in section 5429(b)(21), to support students with diverse learning needs including English learners and students with disabilities. 
‘‘(3) Develop and implement professional 
development for teachers in the applicable content area in order to improve classroom practices. 
‘‘(4) Align practices, strategies, and pro-
grams with postsecondary programs for the continuation of instruction in the academic subject for which the program strategy or practice proposes to increase student achievement or student growth. 
‘‘(5) Supporting the use of open educational 
resources or other innovative uses of tech-nology that are designed to serve students at all levels of achievement. 
‘‘(6) Support efforts to expand access to ad-
vanced coursework, especially for high-need students. 
‘‘(7) In the case of an eligible entity that is 
a State educational agency, the eligible enti-ty may also provide technical assistance to local programs within the State. 
‘‘(b) P
ROGRAM SPECIFIC REQUIREMENTS FOR  
GEOGRAPHY GRANTS .—In addition to meeting 
the requirements of subsection (a), an eligi-ble entity receiving a grant described in sec-tion 5431(1)(B)(i) may use the grant to— 
‘‘(1) carry out local, field-based activities 
for teachers and students to improve their knowledge of the concepts and tools of geog-raphy while enhancing understanding of their home region; and 
‘‘(2) apply geographic information systems 
and technology to the teaching of geography; and 
‘‘(3) using internet or distance-learning 
technology. ‘‘(c) P
ROGRAM SPECIFIC REQUIREMENTS FOR  
ECONOMIC , FINANCIAL LITERACY , AND ENTRE -
PRENEURSHIP EDUCATION GRANTS .—In addi-
tion to meeting the requirements of sub-section (a), an eligible entity receiving a grant described in section 5431(1)(B)(ii)— 
‘‘(1) may use the grant to— ‘‘(A) carry out programs to teach personal 
financial management skills; 
‘‘(B) carry out programs to teach the basic 
principles involved with earning, spending, saving, investing, credit, and insurance; and 
‘‘(C) implement financial and economic lit-
eracy activities and sequences of study with-in, or coordinated with, core academic sub-jects; and 
‘‘(2) is strongly encouraged to— ‘‘(A) include interactions with the local 
business community to the fullest extent possible to reinforce the connection between economic and financial literacy; and 
‘‘(B) work with private businesses to ob-
tain matching contributions for Federal funds and assist recipients in working to-ward self-sufficiency. 
‘‘(d) P
ROGRAM SPECIFIC REQUIREMENTS FOR  
FOREIGN LANGUAGE GRANTS .—In addition to 
meeting the requirements of subsection (a), an eligible entity receiving a grant described in section 5431(1)(B)(iii) may use the grant to carry out the following activities: 
‘‘(1) Developing and implementing inten-
sive summer foreign language programs for professional development. 
‘‘(2) Linking nonnative English speakers in 
the community with the schools in order to promote two-way language learning. 
‘‘(3) Promoting the sequential study of a 
foreign language for students, beginning in elementary schools. 
‘‘(4) Making effective use of technology, 
such as computer-assisted instruction, lan-guage laboratories, or distance learning, to promote foreign language study. 
‘‘(5) Developing and implementing, high 
quality dual language programs. 
‘‘(6) Promoting innovative activities, such 
as foreign language immersion, partial for-eign language immersion, or content-based instruction. 
‘‘(7) Providing opportunities for maximum 
foreign language exposure for students do-mestically, such as the creation of immer-sion environments in the classroom and school, on weekend or summer experiences, and special tutoring and academic support. 
‘‘(8) providing for the possibility for mul-
tiple entry points for studying the foreign language. 
‘‘(9) Creating partnerships with elementary 
and secondary schools in other countries to facilitate language and cultural learning and exchange. 
‘‘(10) Providing support for a language su-
pervisor to oversee and coordinate the progress of the articulated foreign language program across grade levels in the local edu-cational agency funded under this subpart. 
‘‘(e) P
ROGRAM SPECIFIC REQUIREMENTS FOR  
JAVITS GIFTED AND TALENTED GRANTS .—In 
addition to meeting the requirements of sub-section (a), an eligible entity receiving a grant described in section 5431(1)(B)(v) may use the grant to carry out the following ac-tivities: 
‘‘(1) Providing funds for challenging, high- 
level course work, disseminated through technologies (including distance learning), for individual students or groups of students in schools and local educational agencies that would not otherwise have the resources to provide such course work. 
‘‘(2) Ensuring that assessments provide di-
agnostic information that informs instruc-tion for high-achieving students. 
‘‘(3) Carrying out training and professional 
development for school personnel involved in the teaching of high-achieving, education-ally disadvantaged students, such as instruc-
tional staff, principals, counselors, and psy-chologists. 
‘‘(4) Conducting education and training for 
parents of high-achieving, educationally dis-advantaged students to support educational excellence for such students. 
‘‘(f) P
ROGRAM SPECIFIC REQUIREMENTS FOR  
READY -TO-LEARN .—In addition to meeting 
the requirements of subsection (a), an eligi-ble entity receiving a grant described in sec-tion 5431(1)(B)(vi) may use the grant to carry out the following activities: 
‘‘(1) to develop, produce, and distribute 
educational and instructional video pro-gramming for preschool and elementary school children and their parents in order to facilitate student academic achievement; 
‘‘(2) to facilitate the development, directly 
or through contracts with producers of chil-dren and family educational television pro-
gramming, of educational programming for preschool and elementary school children, and the accompanying support materials and services that promote the effective use of such programming; 
‘‘(3) to facilitate the development of pro-
gramming and digital content containing Ready-to-Learn-based children’s program-ming and resources for parents and care-givers that is specially designed for nation-wide distribution over public television sta-tions’ digital broadcasting channels and the Internet; 
‘‘(4) to contract with entities (such as pub-
lic telecommunications entities) so that pro-grams developed under this section are dis-seminated and distributed to the widest pos-sible audience appropriate to be served by the programming, and through the use of the most appropriate distribution technologies; and 
‘‘(5) to develop and disseminate education 
and training materials, including interactive programs and programs adaptable to dis-tance learning technologies, that are de-signed— 
‘‘(A) to promote school readiness; and ‘‘(B) to promote the effective use of mate-
rials developed under subparagraphs (2) and (3) among parents, teachers, Head Start pro-viders, Even Start providers, providers of family literacy services, child care providers, early childhood development personnel, ele-mentary school teachers, public libraries, and afterschool program personnel caring for preschool and elementary school children. 
‘‘SEC. 5437. EVALUATION. 
‘‘Each eligible entity receiving a grant 
under this subpart shall conduct an inde-pendent program-level evaluation and sub-mit preliminary results to the Secretary at such a time and in such manner as the Sec-retary may require in order to determine the eligible entity’s eligibility to continue to re-ceive funding under this subpart. 
‘‘SEC. 5438. NATIONAL ACTIVITIES. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—From the amounts re-
served under section 5431(1)(A), the Secretary shall carry out the national activities de-scribed in subsection (b) directly or by enter-ing into contracts with an eligible edu-cational entity. 
‘‘(b) N
ATIONAL ACTIVITIES .—The national 
activities that shall be carried out under this section are as follows: 
‘‘(1) Technical assistance. ‘‘(2) Development of curricula. ‘‘(3) Production, development, and dissemi-
nation of high-quality educational content (including digital content) in academic con-tent areas under this subpart. 
‘‘(4) Research and collecting information 
on, and identifying, effective programs and best practices and disseminating that infor-mation to States, local educational agencies, institutions of higher education, and other stakeholders. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:10 Feb 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00070 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27FE7.011 H27FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1445 February 27, 2015 
‘‘SEC. 5439. PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT AC-
TIVITIES. 
‘‘(a) E LIGIBLE EDUCATIONAL ENTITY DE-
FINED .—In this section, the term ‘eligible 
educational entity’ means a national non-profit educational entity with a proven track record and demonstrated expertise in one or more of the following areas as related to the activities described in subsection (b): 
‘‘(1) High-quality professional development 
programs, including writing programs for teachers across disciplines and at all grade levels. 
‘‘(2) History education programs. ‘‘(3) Civics and government education pro-
grams. 
‘‘(4) Economic and financial literacy edu-
cation programs. 
‘‘(5) Geography education programs. ‘‘(6) Foreign Language education pro-
grams. 
‘‘(7) Music and the arts education pro-
grams. 
‘‘(8) Gifted and talented programs. ‘‘(9) Reading and book distribution pro-
grams, including pediatric early literacy programs that engage parents. 
‘‘(10) Educational and instructional video 
programming (including early literacy pro-gramming) for a public telecommunications entity. 
‘‘(b) P
RIORITY .—In awarding a contract to 
an eligible educational entity under this sec-tion, the Secretary shall give priority to an entity that provides support to the eligible entities receiving a grant under this subpart or eligible entities receiving a grant under the subpart 1 or 2 to develop instructional systems that provide— 
‘‘(1) a systematic and coherent combina-
tion of instructional materials; 
‘‘(2) embedded formative and interim as-
sessments; 
‘‘(3) professional development; ‘‘(4) information on student learning; and ‘‘(5) academic interventions based on cog-
nitive science and content-area knowledge and are aligned with college- and career- ready standards. 
‘‘SEC. 5440. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIA-
TIONS. 
‘‘There are authorized to be appropriated 
to carry out this subpart $250,000,000 for fis-cal year 2016 and such sums as may be nec-essary for each succeeding fiscal year. 
‘‘S
UBPART 4—T RANSFORMING EDUCATION  
THROUGH TECHNOLOGY GRANTS  
‘‘SEC. 5441. PURPOSES. 
‘‘The purposes of this subpart are to— ‘‘(1) improve the achievement, academic 
growth, and college-and-career readiness of students who have developed the ability to think critically, apply knowledge to solve complex problems, work collaboratively, communicate effectively, be self-directed, and be responsible digital citizens; 
‘‘(2) ensure all students have access to indi-
vidualized, rigorous, and engaging digital learning experiences; 
‘‘(3) ensure that educators have the knowl-
edge and skills to develop and implement digital learning curriculum, use technology effectively in order to personalize and strengthen instruction, and effectively cre-ate, deliver, and utilize assessments to meas-ure student outcomes and support student success; 
‘‘(4) ensure that administrators have the 
leadership, management, knowledge, and skills to design, develop, and implement a school or local educational agency-wide dig-ital age learning environment; and 
‘‘(5) improve the efficiency and produc-
tivity of education through technology. 
‘‘SEC. 5442. E-RATE RESTRICTION. 
‘‘Funds awarded under this subpart may be 
used to address the networking needs of a re-cipient of such funds for which the recipient 
is eligible to receive support under the E- rate program, except that such funds may not be duplicative of support received by the recipient under the E-rate program. 
‘‘SEC. 5443. RULE OF CONSTRUCTION REGARDING 
PURCHASING. 
‘‘Nothing in this subpart shall be con-
strued to permit a recipient of funds under this subpart to purchase goods or services using such funds without ensuring that the purchase is free of any conflict of interest between such recipient, or any partner of such recipient, and the person or entity re-ceiving such funds. 
‘‘SEC. 5444. DEFINITIONS. 
‘‘In this subpart: ‘‘(1) D
IGITAL LEARNING .—The term ‘digital 
learning’ means any instructional practice that effectively uses technology to strength-en a student’s learning experience and en-compasses a wide spectrum of tools and prac-tices, including— 
‘‘(A) interactive learning resources that 
engage students in academic content; 
‘‘(B) access to online databases and other 
primary source documents; 
‘‘(C) the use of data to personalize learning 
and provide targeted supplementary instruc-tion; 
‘‘(D) student collaboration with content 
experts and peers; 
‘‘(E) online and computer-based assess-
ments; 
‘‘(F) digital content, adaptive, and simula-
tion software or courseware, 
‘‘(G) online courses, online instruction, or 
digital learning platforms; 
‘‘(H) mobile and wireless technologies for 
learning in school and at home; 
‘‘(I) learning environments that allow for 
rich collaboration and communication; 
‘‘(J) authentic audiences for learning in a 
relevant, real world experience; 
‘‘(K) teacher participation in virtual pro-
fessional communities of practice; and 
‘‘(L) hybrid or blended learning, which oc-
curs under direct instructor supervision at a school or other location away from home and, at least in part, through online delivery of instruction with some element of student control over time, place, path, or pace. 
‘‘(2) E
LIGIBLE TECHNOLOGY .—The term ‘eli-
gible technology’ means modern informa-tion, computer, and communication tech-nology hardware, software, services, or tools, including computer or mobile hardware de-vices and other computer and communica-tions hardware, software applications, sys-tems and platforms, and digital and online content, courseware, and online instruction and other online services and supports, in-cluding technology that is interoperable and is in accordance with principles of universal design for learning, as described in section 5429(b)(21). 
‘‘(3) S
TUDENTS WITH DISABILITIES .—The 
term ‘students with disabilities’ means stu-dents with disabilities as defined under the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act and section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973. 
‘‘(4) S
TUDENT TECHNOLOGY LITERACY .—The 
term ‘student technology literacy’ means student knowledge and skills in using con-temporary information, communication, and learning technologies in a manner necessary for successful employment, lifelong learning, and citizenship in the knowledge-based, dig-ital, and global 21st century, including, at a minimum, the ability to— 
‘‘(A) effectively communicate and collabo-
rate; 
‘‘(B) analyze and solve problems; ‘‘(C) access, evaluate, manage, and create 
information and otherwise gain information literacy; ‘‘(D) demonstrate creative thinking, con-
struct knowledge, and develop innovative products and processes; and 
‘‘(E) carry out the activities described in 
subparagraphs (A) through (D) in a safe and ethical manner. 
‘‘(5) T
ECHNOLOGY READINESS SURVEY .—The 
term ‘technology readiness survey’ means a survey completed by a local educational agency that provides standardized informa-tion comparable to the information collected through the technology readiness survey ad-ministered under the Race to the Top Assess-ment program under section 14006 of division A of the American Recovery and Reinvest-ment Act of 2009 (Public Law 111–5) on the quantity and types of technology infrastruc-ture and access available to the students served by the local educational agency, in-cluding computer devices, Internet connectivity, operating systems, related net-work infrastructure, data systems, and— 
‘‘(A) requiring— ‘‘(i) an internal review of the degree to 
which instruction, additional student sup-port, and professional development is deliv-ered in digital formats, media, and platforms and is available to students and educators at any time; 
‘‘(ii) an internal review of the ability of 
educators to use assessments and other stu-dent data to personalize and strengthen in-struction and identify professional develop-ment needs and priorities; and 
‘‘(iii) any other information required by 
the State educational agency serving the local educational agency; and 
‘‘(B) may include an assessment of local 
community needs to ensure students have adequate on-line access and access to devices for school-related work during out-of-school time. 
‘‘SEC. 5445. TECHNOLOGY GRANTS PROGRAM AU-
THORIZED. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—From the amounts ap-
propriated under section 5451, the Secretary shall award State Grants for Technology Readiness and Access (in this title referred to as ‘grants’) to State educational agencies to strengthen State and local technological infrastructure and professional development that supports digital learning through State activities under section 5447(c) and local ac-tivities under section 5448(c). 
‘‘(b) G
RANTS TO STATE EDUCATIONAL AGEN-
CIES.— 
‘‘(1) R ESERVATIONS .—From the amounts ap-
propriated under section 5451 for any fiscal year, the Secretary shall reserve— 
‘‘(A) three-fourths of 1 percent for the Sec-
retary of Interior to provide assistance under this title for schools operated or funded by the Bureau of Indian Education; and 
‘‘(B) 1 percent to provide assistance under 
this title to the outlying areas. 
‘‘(2) G
RANTS .—From the amounts appro-
priated under section 106 for any fiscal year and remaining after the Secretary makes reservations under paragraph (1), the Sec-retary shall make a grant for the fiscal year to each State educational agency with an ap-proved application under section 5446 in an amount that bears the same relationship to such remainder as the amount the State edu-cational agency received under part A of title I for such year bears to the amount all State educational agencies with an approved application under section 102 received under such part (20 U.S.C. 6311 et seq.) for such year. 
‘‘(c) M
INIMUM .—The amount of a grant to a 
State educational agency under subsection (b)(2) for a fiscal year may not be less than one-half of 1 percent of the total amount made available for grants to all State edu-cational agencies under such subsection for such year. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:10 Feb 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00071 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27FE7.011 H27FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1446 February 27, 2015 
‘‘(d) R EALLOTMENT OF UNUSED FUNDS .—If 
any State educational agency does not apply for a grant under subsection (b)(2) for a fiscal year, or does not use its entire grant under subsection (b)(2) for such year, the Secretary shall reallot the amount of the State edu-cational agency’s grant, or the unused por-tion of the grant, to the remaining State educational agencies that use their entire grant amounts under subsection (b)(2) for such year. 
‘‘(e) M
ATCHING FUNDS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—A State educational 
agency that receives a grant under sub-section (b)(2) shall provide matching funds, from non-Federal sources, in an amount equal to 20 percent of the amount of grant funds provided to the State educational agency to carry out the activities supported by the grant. Such matching funds may be provided in cash or in-kind, except that any such in-kind contributions shall be provided for the purpose of supporting the State edu-cational agency’s activities under section 104(c). 
‘‘(2) W
AIVER .—The Secretary may waive 
the matching requirement under paragraph (1) for a State educational agency that dem-onstrates that such requirement imposes an undue financial hardship on the State edu-cational agency. 
‘‘SEC. 5446. STATE APPLICATIONS. 
‘‘(a) A PPLICATION .—To receive a grant 
under section 5445(b)(2), a State educational agency shall submit to the Secretary an ap-plication at such time and in such manner as the Secretary may require and containing the information described in subsection (b). 
‘‘(b) C
ONTENTS .—Each application sub-
mitted under subsection (a) shall include the following: 
‘‘(1) A description of the State Educational 
Agency’s long-term goals and strategies for improving student academic achievement, including through student technology lit-eracy, through the effective use of tech-nology. 
‘‘(2) A description of how the State edu-
cational agency will meet the following goals: 
‘‘(A) Use technology to ensure all students 
achieve college-and-career readiness and technology literacy, including by providing high-quality education opportunities to eco-nomically or geographically isolated student populations. 
‘‘(B) Provide educators with the tools, de-
vices, content, and resources to— 
‘‘(i) significantly improve teaching and 
learning, including support to increase per-sonalization for and engagement of students in pursuit of college-and-career readiness and technology literacy; and 
‘‘(ii) develop and use assessments to im-
prove instruction, including instruction con-sistent with the principles of universal de-sign for learning, as described in section 5429(b)(21), and instruction for students with disabilities and English-language learners. 
‘‘(C) Ensure administrators and school 
leaders have the flexibility and capacity to develop and manage systems to carry out ac-tivities described in subparagraphs (A) and (B), and support administrators and school leaders in utilizing technology to promote equity and increase efficiency and produc-tivity. 
‘‘(D) Enable local educational agencies to 
build the technological capacity and infra-structure (including through local pur-chasing of eligible technology), necessary for the full implementation of on-line assess-ments for all students, (including students with disabilities and English-language learn-ers) and to— 
‘‘(i) ensure the interoperability of data sys-
tems and eligible technology; and ‘‘(ii) carry out subparagraphs (A) through 
(C). 
‘‘(3) A description of the results of the 
technology readiness in the State as deter-mined by local educational agency responses to the technology readiness survey, includ-ing— 
‘‘(A) the status of the ability of each local 
educational agency served by the State edu-cational agency to meet the goals described in section 104(b)(1); 
‘‘(B) an assurance that not less 90 percent 
of the local educational agencies served by the State educational agency have com-pleted and submitted the technology readi-ness survey to the State educational agency; and 
‘‘(C) an assurance that the results of the 
technology readiness survey for each such local educational agency are made available to the Secretary and the public through the Website of the local educational agency. 
‘‘(4) A description of the plan for the State 
educational agency to support each local educational agency served by the State edu-cational agency in meeting the goals de-scribed in section 104(b)(1) not later than 3 years after the local educational agency completes the technology readiness survey by addressing the readiness gaps identified in such survey. 
‘‘(5) A description of the State’s process for 
the adoption, acquisition, distribution, and use of content, how the State will ensure in-tegrity of such processes, and how such proc-esses support the goals under paragraph (1) or how a State will change such processes to support such goals, and how the State will ensure content quality. 
‘‘(6) A description of how the State edu-
cational agency will ensure its data systems and eligible technology are interoperable. 
‘‘(7) An assurance that the State edu-
cational agency will consider making con-tent widely available through open edu-cational resources when making purchasing decisions with funds received under this title. 
‘‘(8) A description of the State’s student 
technology literacy standards and the tech-nology standards for teachers and adminis-trators, and an assurance that the State’s student technology literacy standards meet the requirements of section 7(8). 
‘‘(9) An assurance that subgrant awards 
under section 104 will be carried out by the local educational agency staff with responsi-bility for leadership, coordination, and im-plementation of instructional and other classroom technologies. 
‘‘(10) A description of how the State edu-
cational agency will award subgrants to local educational agencies under section 104. 
‘‘(11) A description of the process, activi-
ties, performance measures, and outcomes in learning, assessment, teaching, infrastruc-ture, and communication that the State edu-cational agency will use to evaluate the im-pact and effectiveness of the grant and sub-grants funds awarded under this subpart across the State and in each local edu-cational agency. 
‘‘(12) A description of how the State edu-
cational agency will, in providing technical and other assistance to local educational agencies, give priority to the local edu-cational agencies proposing to target serv-ices to— 
‘‘(A) students in schools in need of support 
and high-priority schools; and 
‘‘(B) schools with a high percentage of stu-
dents that are eligible for free or reduced price lunch under the Richard B. Russell Na-tional School Lunch Act (42 U.S.C. 1751 et seq.). 
‘‘(13) A description of how the State edu-
cational agency consulted with local edu-cational agencies in the development of the State educational agency’s application under 
this subsection. 
‘‘(14) An assurance that the State edu-
cational agency will provide matching funds as required under section 101(e). 
‘‘(15) A description of how the State edu-
cational agency will ensure that funds re-ceived under this title is not duplicative of support received under the E-rate program. 
‘‘(16) An assurance that the State edu-
cational agency, in making awards under section 5448, to improve equity of technology resources, will expend funds first to local 
educational agencies that— 
‘‘(A) serve students in schools identified as 
persistently low achieving or in need of sup-port to remedy resource inequities identified in school improvement plans as described in section 1116; or 
‘‘(B) serve schools with a high percentage 
of students that are eligible for free or re-duced price lunch under the Richard B. Rus-sell National School Lunch Act (42 U.S.C. 1751 et seq.). 
‘‘(17) An assurance that the State edu-
cational agency will protect the privacy and safety of students and teachers, consistent with requirements of section 444 of the Gen-eral Education Provisions Act (20 U.S.C. 1232g) (commonly known as the ‘Family Edu-cational Rights and Privacy Act of 1974’) and section 2441(a). 
‘‘SEC. 5447. STATE USE OF GRANT FUNDS. 
‘‘(a) R ESERVATION FOR SUBGRANTS TO SUP-
PORT TECHNOLOGY INFRASTRUCTURE .—Each 
State educational agency that receives a grant under section 101(b)(2) shall expend not less 90 percent of the grant amount for each fiscal year to award subgrants to local edu-cational agencies in accordance with section 5448. 
‘‘(b) R
ESERVATION FOR STATE ACTIVITIES .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—A State educational 
agency shall reserve not more than 10 per-cent of the grant received under section 101(b)(2) for the State activities described in subsection (c). 
‘‘(2) G
RANT ADMINISTRATION .—Of the 
amount reserved by a State educational agency under paragraph (1), the State edu-cational agency may reserve not more than 1 percent or 3 percent, in the case of a State educational agency awarding subgrants under section 104(a)(2), for the administra-tion of the grant under this title, except that a State educational agency that forms a State purchasing consortium under sub-section (d)— 
‘‘(A) may reserve an additional 1 percent to 
carry out the activities described in sub-section (d)(1); and 
‘‘(B) shall receive direct approval from the 
local educational agencies receiving sub-grants under section 104(a) from the State educational agency prior to reserving more than the additional percentage authorized under subparagraph (A) to carry out the ac-tivities described in subsection (d)(1). 
‘‘(c) P
RIORITY .—In awarding subgrants 
under this subpart, the State educational agency shall give priority to local edu-cational agencies proposing to target serv-ices to— 
‘‘(1) students in schools in need of support 
or high-priority schools; and 
‘‘(2) schools with a high percentage or 
number of students that are eligible for free or reduced price lunch under the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act (42 U.S.C. 1751 et seq.). 
‘‘(c) S
TATE ACTIVITIES .—A State edu-
cational agency shall use funds described in subsection (b) to carry out each of the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(1) Except for the awarding of subgrants 
in accordance with section 104, activities de-scribed in the State educational agency’s ap-plication under section 102(b). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:10 Feb 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00072 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27FE7.011 H27FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1447 February 27, 2015 
‘‘(2) Providing technical assistance to local 
educational agencies to— 
‘‘(A) identify and address technology readi-
ness needs; 
‘‘(B) redesign curriculum and instruction, 
improve educational productivity, and de-liver computer-based and online assessment; 
‘‘(C) use technology, consistent with the 
principles of universal design for learning, as described in section 5429(b)(21), to support the learning needs of all students including students with disabilities and English-lan-guage learners; 
‘‘(D) support principals to have the exper-
tise to evaluate teachers’ proficiency in im-plementing digital tools for teaching and learning; and 
‘‘(E) build capacity of individual school 
and local educational agency leaders. 
‘‘(3) Developing or utilizing research-based 
or innovative strategies for the delivery of specialized or rigorous academic courses and curricula through the use of technology, in-cluding digital learning technologies and as-sistive technology. 
‘‘(4) Integrating and coordinating activi-
ties under this title with other educational resources and programs across the State. 
‘‘(5) Disseminating information, including 
making publicly available on the Websites of the State educational agency promising practices to improve technology instruction, and acquiring and implementing technology tools and applications. 
‘‘(6) Ensuring that teachers, paraprofes-
sionals, library and media personnel, special-ized instructional support personnel, and ad-ministrators possess the knowledge and skills to use technology— 
‘‘(A) for curriculum redesign to change 
teaching and learning and improve student achievement; 
‘‘(B) for formative and summative assess-
ment administration, data analysis, and to personalize learning; 
‘‘(C) to improve student technology lit-
eracy; 
‘‘(D) to expand the range of supports and 
accommodations available to English-lan-guage learners and students with disabil-ities; and 
‘‘(E) for their own ongoing professional de-
velopment and for access to teaching re-
sources and tools. 
‘‘(7) Coordinating with teacher and school 
leader preparation programs to— 
‘‘(A) align digital learning teaching stand-
ards; and 
‘‘(B) provide ongoing professional develop-
ment for teachers and school leaders that is aligned to State student technology stand-ards and activities promoting college-and-ca-reer readiness. 
‘‘(d) P
URCHASING CONSORTIA .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—A State educational 
agency receiving a grant under section 101(b)(2) may— 
‘‘(A) form a State purchasing consortium 
with 1 or more State educational agencies receiving such a grant to carry out the State activities described in clause, including pur-chasing eligible technology; 
‘‘(B) encourage local educational agencies 
to form local purchasing consortia under sec-tion 104(c)(4); and 
‘‘(C) promote pricing opportunities to local 
educational agencies for the purchase of eli-gible technology that are— 
‘‘(i) negotiated by the State educational 
agency or the State purchasing consortium of the State educational agency; and 
‘‘(ii) available to such local educational 
agencies. 
‘‘(2) R
ESTRICTIONS .—A State educational 
agency receiving a grant under section 101(b)(2) may not— 
‘‘(A) except for promoting the pricing op-
portunities described in paragraph (1)(C), make recommendations to local educational 
agencies for or require use of any specific commercial products and services by local educational agencies; 
‘‘(B) require local educational agencies to 
participate in a State purchasing consortia or local purchasing consortia; or 
‘‘(C) use more than the reservation amount 
authorized for the administration of the grant under subsection (b) to carry out the activities described in paragraph (1), unless the State educational agency receives ap-proval in accordance with subsection (b)(2)(B). 
‘‘SEC. 5448. LOCAL SUBGRANTS. 
‘‘(a) S UBGRANTS .— 
‘‘(1) G RANTS TO LOCAL EDUCATIONAL AGEN -
CIES.—From the grant funds provided under 
section 101(b)(2) to a State educational agen-cy that are remaining after the State edu-cational agency makes reservations under section 104(b) for any fiscal year and subject to paragraph (2), the State educational agen-cy shall award subgrants for the fiscal year to local educational agencies served by the State educational agency and with an ap-proved application under subsection (b) by allotting to each such local educational agency an amount that bears the same rela-tionship to the remainder as the amount re-ceived by the local educational agency under part A of title I for such year bears to the amount received by all such local edu-cational agencies under such part for such year, except that no local educational agen-cy may receive less than $5,000. 
‘‘(2) C
OMPETITIVE GRANTS TO LOCAL EDU -
CATIONAL AGENCIES .—If the amount of funds 
appropriated under section 5459 is less than $750,000,000 for any fiscal year, a State edu-cational agency— 
‘‘(A) shall not award subgrants under para-
graph (1); and 
‘‘(B) shall— ‘‘(i) award subgrants, on a competitive 
basis, to local educational agencies based on the quality of applications submitted under (b), including— 
‘‘(I) the level of technology readiness as de-
termined by the technology readiness sur-veys completed by local educational agencies submitting such applications; and 
‘‘(II) the technology plans described in sub-
section (b)(3) and how the local educational agencies with such plans will carry out the alignment and coordination described in such subsection; and 
‘‘(ii) ensure that such subgrants are of suf-
ficient size and scope to carry out the local activities described in subsection (c). 
‘‘(3) D
EFINITION OF LOCAL EDUCATIONAL  
AGENCY FOR CERTAIN FISCAL YEARS .—For pur-
poses of awarding subgrants under paragraph (2), the term ‘local educational agency’ means— 
‘‘(A) a local educational agency; ‘‘(B) an educational service agency; or ‘‘(C) a local educational agency and an edu-
cational service agency. 
‘‘(b) A
PPLICATION .—A local educational 
agency that desires to receive a subgrant under subsection (a) shall submit an applica-tion to the State at such time, in such man-ner, and accompanied by such information as the State educational agency may require, including— 
‘‘(1) a description of how the local edu-
cational agency will— 
‘‘(A) carry out the goals described in sub-
paragraphs (A) through (C) of section 101(b)(1); and 
‘‘(B) enable schools served by the agency to 
build the technological capacity and infra-structure (including through local pur-chasing of eligible technology), necessary for the full implementation of on-line assess-ments for all students (including students with disabilities and English-language learn-
ers) and to— 
‘‘(i) ensure the interoperability of data sys-
tems and eligible technology; and 
‘‘(ii) carry out the goals described in sub-
paragraphs (A) through (C) of section 101(b)(1); and 
‘‘(C) align activities funded under this sub-
part with school improvement plans, when applicable, described under section 1116(b)(3); 
‘‘(2) a description of the results of the tech-
nology readiness survey completed by the local educational agency and a description of the plan for the local educational agency to meet the goals described in paragraph (1) within 3 years of completing the survey; 
‘‘(3) a description of the local educational 
agency’s technology plan to carry out para-graphs (1) and (3) and how the agency will align and coordinate the activities under this section with other activities across the local educational agency; 
‘‘(4) a description of the team of educators 
that will coordinate and carry out the activi-ties under this section, including individuals with responsibility and expertise in instruc-tional technology, teachers that specialize in supporting students with disabilities and English-language learners, school leaders, technology officers, and staff responsible for assessments and data analysis; 
‘‘(5) a description of how the local edu-
cational agency will evaluate teachers’ pro-ficiency and progress in implementing tech-nology for teaching and learning; 
‘‘(6) a description of how the local edu-
cational agency will ensure that principals have the expertise to evaluate teachers’ pro-ficiency and progress in implementing tech-nology for teaching and learning and the interoperability of data systems and eligible technology; 
‘‘(7) a description of the local educational 
agency’s procurement process and process for the creation, acquisition, distribution, and use of content, how the local educational agency will ensure integrity of such proc-esses, and how such processes support the goals described in paragraph (1) or how a local educational agency will change such processes to support such goals, and how the local educational agency will ensure content quality; 
‘‘(8) a description of how the local edu-
cational agency will carry out activities under subsection (c); 
‘‘(9) a description of how the subgrant 
funds received under subsection (a) will be coordinated with and supported by other Federal, State, and local funds to support ac-tivities under this title; 
‘‘(10) a description of how the local edu-
cational agency will ensure that the subgrant received under subsection (a) is not duplicative of support received under the E- rate program; and 
‘‘(11) an assurance that the local edu-
cational agency will protect the privacy and safety of students and teachers, consistent with requirements section 444 of the General Education Provisions Act (20 U.S.C. 1232g) (commonly known as the ‘Family Edu-cational Rights and Privacy Act of 1974’) and section 2441(a). 
‘‘(c) U
SE OF FUNDS .— 
‘‘(1) T ECHNOLOGY INFRASTRUCTURE .—Sub-
ject to paragraph (3), a local educational agency receiving a subgrant under sub-section (a) shall use not less than 35 percent of such funds to support activities for the ac-quisition of eligible technology needed to— 
‘‘(A) except for the activities described in 
paragraph (2), carry out activities described in the application submitted under sub-section (b), including purchasing devices, equipment, and software applications, and improving connectivity to and within schools; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:10 Feb 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00073 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27FE7.011 H27FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1448 February 27, 2015 
‘‘(B) address readiness shortfalls identified 
under the technology readiness survey com-pleted by the local educational agency. 
‘‘(2) P
ROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT FOR DIG -
ITAL LEARNING .—Subject to paragraph (3), a 
local educational agency receiving a subgrant under subsection (a)— 
‘‘(A) shall use not less than 40 percent of 
such funds to carry out— 
‘‘(i) digital age professional development 
opportunities for teachers, paraprofessionals, library and media personnel, specialized in-structional support personnel, technology coordinators, and administrators in the ef-fective use of modern information and com-munication technology tools and digital re-sources to deliver instruction, curriculum and school classroom management, includ-ing for classroom teachers to assess, support, and provide engaging student learning oppor-tunities, including professional development that— 
‘‘(I) is ongoing, sustainable, and scalable; ‘‘(II) is participatory; ‘‘(III) includes communication and regular 
interactions with instructors, facilitators, and peers and is directly related to up-to- date teaching methods in content areas; 
‘‘(IV) includes strategies and tools for im-
proving communication with parents and family engagement; 
‘‘(V) may be built around active profes-
sional learning communities or online com-munities of practice or other tools that in-crease collaboration among teachers across schools, local educational agencies, or States; and 
‘‘(VI) may contain on-demand components, 
such as instructional videos, training docu-ments, or learning modules; 
‘‘(ii) ongoing professional development in 
strategies, pedagogy, and assessment in the core academic subjects that involve the use of technology and curriculum redesign as key components of supporting effective, in-novative teaching and learning, and improv-ing student achievement; 
‘‘(iii) ongoing professional development in 
the use of educational technologies to ensure every educator achieves and maintains tech-nology literacy, including possessing and maintaining the knowledge and skills to use technology— 
‘‘(I) across the curriculum for student 
learning; 
‘‘(II) for real-time data analysis and online 
or digital assessment to enable individual-ized instruction; and 
‘‘(III) to develop and maintain student 
technology literacy; 
‘‘(iv) ongoing professional development for 
school leaders to provide and promote lead-ership in the use of— 
‘‘(I) educational technology to ensure a 
digital-age learning environment, including the capacity to lead the reform or redesign of curriculum, instruction, assessment; and 
‘‘(II) data through the use of technology in 
order to increase student learning oppor-tunity, student technology literacy, student access to technology, and student engage-ment in learning; and 
‘‘(v) a review of the effectiveness of the 
professional development and regular inter-vals of learner feedback and data; and 
‘‘(B) may use such funds for— ‘‘(i) the use of technology coaches to work 
directly with teachers, including through the preparation of teachers as technology lead-ers or master teachers— 
‘‘(I) who are provided with the means to 
serve as experts and to create professional development opportunities for other teach-ers in the effective use of technology; and 
‘‘(II) who may leverage technologies, such 
as distance learning and online virtual edu-cator-to-educator peer communities, as a means to support ongoing, participatory pro-fessional growth around the integration of 
effective educational technologies; 
‘‘(ii) innovative approaches to ongoing pro-
fessional development such as non-standard achievement recognition strategies, includ-ing digital badging, gamification elements, use of learner-created learning objects, inte-gration of social and professional networking tools, rating and commenting on learning ar-tifacts, and personalization of professional development; and 
‘‘(iii) any other activities required to carry 
out the local educational agency’s tech-nology plan described in subsection (b)(4). 
‘‘(3) M
ODIFICATION OF FUNDING ALLOCA -
TIONS .—A State educational agency may au-
thorize a local educational agency to modify the percentage of the local educational agen-cy’s subgrant funds required to carry out the activities described in paragraphs (1) or (2) if the local educational agency demonstrates that such modification will assist the local educational agency in more effectively car-rying out such activities. 
‘‘(4) P
URCHASING CONSORTIA .—Local edu-
cational agencies receiving subgrants under subsection (a) may— 
‘‘(A) form a local purchasing consortia 
with other such local educational agencies to carry out the activities described in this sub-section, including purchasing eligible tech-nology; and 
‘‘(B) use such funds for purchasing eligible 
technology through a State purchasing con-sortia under section 103(d). 
‘‘SEC. 5449. REPORTING. 
‘‘(a) L OCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCIES .—Each 
local educational agency receiving a subgrant under section 104 shall submit to the State educational agency that awarded such subgrant an annual report the meets the requirements of subsection (c). 
‘‘(b) S
TATE EDUCATIONAL AGENCIES .—Each 
State educational agency receiving a grant under section 101(b)(2) shall submit to the Secretary an annual report that meets the requirements of subsection (c). 
‘‘(c) R
EPORT REQUIREMENTS .—A report sub-
mitted under subsection (a) or (b) shall in-clude, at a minimum, a description of— 
‘‘(1) the status of the State education agen-
cy’s plan described in section 102(b)(3) or local educational agency’s technology plan under section 104(b)(4), as applicable; 
‘‘(2) the categories of eligible technology 
acquired and types of programs funded under this title and how such technology is being used; 
‘‘(3) the professional development activi-
ties funded under this title, including types of activities and entities involved in pro-viding such professional development; and 
‘‘(4) information on the impact of the grant 
on students and student outcomes, such as— 
‘‘(A) the number of and demographic infor-
mation about students who are served under this subpart; 
‘‘(B) student achievement, student growth, 
and graduation rates of such students; 
‘‘(C) college-and-career readiness data 
about such students, such as rates of credit accumulation, course taking and comple-tion, and college enrollment and persistence; 
‘‘(D) student attendance and participation 
rates; 
‘‘(E) student engagement and discipline; ‘‘(F) school climate and teacher working 
conditions; 
‘‘(G) increases in inclusion of students with 
disabilities and English-language learners; and 
‘‘(H) such other information the Secretary 
may require or other information State edu-cational agencies or local educational agen-cies served under this subpart propose to in-clude, as approved by the Secretary. ‘‘SEC. 5450. INVESTING IN INNOVATION. 
‘‘From the amounts appropriated under 
section 5459, the Secretary may reserve up to 30 percent to— 
‘‘(1) fund the identification, development, 
evaluation, and expansion of innovative, evi-dence-based practices, programs, and strate-gies in order to significantly— 
‘‘(A) increase student academic achieve-
ment and decrease achievement gaps; 
‘‘(B) increase secondary school graduation 
rates; 
‘‘(C) increase college enrollment rates, 
rates of college persistence, and rates of at-tainment of other post-secondary creden-tials; 
‘‘(D) improve teacher and principal effec-
tiveness or retention of highly effective teachers or principals; and 
‘‘(E) increase the identification and dis-
semination of innovative educational strate-gies in rural areas; and 
‘‘(2) support the rapid development, expan-
sion, and adoption of tools and resources that improve the efficiency, effectiveness, or pace of adoption of such educational prac-tices, programs, and strategies. 
‘‘SEC. 5451. ESTABLISHMENT OF THE ADVANCED 
RESEARCH PROJECT AGENCY-EDU-CATION. 
‘‘(a) P ROGRAM ESTABLISHED .—From the 
amounts appropriated under section 5459, the Secretary may reserve up to 5 percent to— 
‘‘(1) establish and carry out the Advanced 
Research Projects Agency-Education (in this section referred to as ‘ARPA-ED)’ to— 
‘‘(A) identify and promote advances in 
learning, fundamental and applied sciences, and engineering that may be translated into new learning technologies; 
‘‘(B) develop, test, and evaluate new learn-
ing technologies and related processes; and 
‘‘(C) accelerate transformational techno-
logical advances in education; 
‘‘(2) convene an advisory panel under sub-
section (d); and 
‘‘(3) carry out the evaluation and dissemi-
nation requirements under subsection (e). 
‘‘(b) A
PPOINTMENTS .— 
‘‘(1) D IRECTOR .—ARPA–ED shall be under 
the direction of the Director of ARPA–ED, who shall be appointed by the Secretary. 
‘‘(2) Q
UALIFIED INDIVIDUALS .—The Sec-
retary shall appoint, for a term of not more than 4 years, qualified individuals who rep-resent scientific, engineering, professional, and other personnel with expertise in car-rying out the activities described in this sec-tion to positions in ARPA–ED, at rates of compensation determined by the Secretary, without regard to the provisions of title 5, United States Code, except that such rates of compensation shall not to exceed the rate for level I of the Executive Schedule under sec-tion 5312 of such title. 
‘‘(c) F
UNCTIONS OF ARPA–ED.—Upon con-
sultation with the advisory panel convened under subsection (d), the Secretary shall se-lect public and private entities to carry out the activities described in subsection (a)(1) by— 
‘‘(1) awarding such entities grants, con-
tracts, cooperative agreements, or cash prizes; or 
‘‘(2) entering into such other transactions 
with such entities as the Secretary may pre-scribe in regulations. 
‘‘(d) A
DVISORY PANEL .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall con-
vene an advisory panel to advise and consult with the Secretary, Director, and the quali-fied individuals appointed under subsection (b)(2) on— 
‘‘(A) ensuring that the awards made and 
transaction entered into under subsection (c) are consistent with the purposes described in subsection (a)(1); and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:10 Feb 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00074 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27FE7.011 H27FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1449 February 27, 2015 
‘‘(B) ensuring the relevance, accessibility, 
and utility of such awards and transactions to education practitioners. 
‘‘(2) A
PPOINTMENT OF MEMBERS .—The Sec-
retary shall appoint the following qualified individuals to serve on the advisory panel: 
‘‘(A) Education practitioners. ‘‘(B) Experts in technology. ‘‘(C) Specialists in rapid gains in student 
achievement and school turnaround. 
‘‘(D) Specialists in personalized learning. ‘‘(E) Researchers, including at least one 
representative from a comprehensive center established under 203 of the Educational Technical Assistance Act of 2002 (20 U.S.C. 9602) or the regional laboratories system es-tablished under section 174 of the Education Sciences Reform Act (20 U.S.C. 9564). 
‘‘(F) Other individuals with expertise who 
will contribute to the overall rigor and qual-ity of ARPA–ED. 
‘‘(3) A
PPLICABILITY OF FACA .—The Federal 
Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.) shall not apply to the panel convened under this subsection and any appointee to such panel shall not be considered an ‘employee’ under section 2105 of title 5, United States Code. 
‘‘(e) E
VALUATION AND DISSEMINATION .— 
‘‘(1) E VALUATION .—The Secretary shall ob-
tain independent, periodic, and rigorous evaluation of— 
‘‘(A) the effectiveness of the processes 
ARPA–Ed is using to achieve the purposes described in subsection (a)(1); 
‘‘(B) the relevance, accessibility, and util-
ity of the awards made and transactions en-tered into under subsection (c) to education practitioners; and 
‘‘(C) the effectiveness of the projects car-
ried out through such awards and trans-actions, using evidence standards developed in consultation with the Institute of Edu-cation Sciences, and the suitability of such projects for further investment or increased scale. 
‘‘(2) D
ISSEMINATION AND USE .—The Sec-
retary shall disseminate information to edu-cation practitioners, including teachers, principals, and local and State superintend-ents, on effective practices and technologies developed under ARPA–ED, as appropriate, through— 
‘‘(A) the comprehensive centers established 
under 203 of the Educational Technical As-sistance Act of 2002 (20 U.S.C. 9602); 
‘‘(B) the regional laboratories system es-
tablished under section 174 of the Education Sciences Reform Act (20 U.S.C. 9564); and 
‘‘(C) such other means as the Secretary de-
termines to be appropriate. 
‘‘(f) A
DMINISTRATIVE REQUIREMENTS .—Not-
withstanding section 437(d) of the General Education Provisions Act (20 U.S.C. 1232(d)), the Secretary shall establish such processes as may be necessary for the Secretary to manage and administer ARPA–ED, which are not constrained by other Department of Edu-cation-wide administrative requirements that may prevent ARPA–ED from carrying out the purposes described in subsection (a)(1). 
‘‘SEC. 5452. NATIONAL ACTIVITIES. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Subject to subsection 
(b), the Secretary shall reserve not more than 10 percent of the funds reserved under this section for each fiscal year to carry out activities of national significance, which may include— 
‘‘(1) technical assistance, including to ap-
plicants from rural areas; 
‘‘(2) pre-application workshops or web- 
based seminars for potential applicants, in-cluding applicants from rural areas; 
‘‘(3) the recruitment of peer reviewers, in-
cluding individuals with a background in rural education and individuals with exper-tise in education technology, to participate 
in the review of applications submitted under section 5354; 
‘‘(4) dissemination of best practices, in 
consultation with the regional educational laboratories established under part D of the Education Sciences Reform Act of 2002 (20 U.S.C. 9561 et seq.) and comprehensive cen-ters established under section 203 of the Edu-cational Technical Assistance Act of 2002 (20 U.S.C. 9602), developed with grant funds pro-vided under this part, including best prac-tices developed with grant funds in rural areas; 
‘‘(5) entering into partnerships with other 
agencies, nonprofits, and the private sector to carry out advanced research and develop-ment activities, including research and ac-tivities in rural areas; and 
‘‘(6) carrying out prize awards, in a manner 
consistent with section 24 of the Stevenson- Wydler Technology Innovation Act of 1980 (15 U.S.C. 3719). 
‘‘(b) R
ESERVATION OF FUNDS FOR DISSEMI -
NATION .—The Secretary shall reserve not less 
than 50 percent of the funds reserved under this section to carry out the dissemination activities described in subsection (a)(4). 
‘‘SEC. 5453. PROGRAM AUTHORIZED; LENGTH OF 
GRANTS; PRIORITIES. 
‘‘(a) P ROGRAM AUTHORIZATION .—From the 
amounts appropriated under this section and not reserved under section 5452, the Sec-retary shall award grants, on a competitive basis, to eligible entities to carry out the ac-tivities described in section 5455. 
‘‘(b) D
URATION OF GRANTS .—The Secretary 
shall award grants to eligible entities under this section for a period of not more than 3 years, and may extend such grants for an ad-ditional 2-year period if the eligible entity demonstrates to the Secretary that it is 
making significant progress on the program performance measures identified in section 5456. 
‘‘(c) R
URAL AREAS .—The Secretary shall 
ensure that not less than 25 percent of the funds awarded under this section for any fis-cal year are for projects that meet both of the following requirements: 
‘‘(1) The eligible entity is— ‘‘(A) a local educational agency with an 
urban-centric district locale code of 32, 33, 41, 42, or 43, as determined by the Secretary; 
‘‘(B) a consortium of such local edu-
cational agencies; or 
‘‘(C) an educational service agency or a 
nonprofit organization with demonstrated expertise in serving students from rural areas. 
‘‘(2) A majority of the schools to be served 
by the project are designated with a school locale code of 41, 42, or 43, or a combination of such codes, as determined by the Sec-retary. 
‘‘(d) S
UPPORT FOR NEWPRACTICES , STRATE -
GIES, ORPROGRAMS .—The Secretary shall en-
sure that not less than one-half of the funds awarded under this section for any fiscal year are for projects that— 
‘‘(1) meet an evidence standard described 
in paragraph (2) or (3) of subsection (f); and 
‘‘(2) do not meet the evidence standard de-
scribed in paragraph (1) of subsection (f). 
‘‘(e) P
RIORITIES .—In awarding grants under 
this section, the Secretary may give priority to an eligible entity that includes, in its ap-plication under section 5354, a plan to— 
‘‘(1) improve early learning outcomes and 
academic connections between early learn-ing and elementary school; 
‘‘(2) support college access, persistence, 
and success; 
‘‘(3) support family and community en-
gagement; 
‘‘(4) address the unique learning needs of 
students with disabilities or English lan-guage learners; ‘‘(5) support the effective use of education 
technology to improve teaching and learn-ing; 
‘‘(6) improve the teaching and learning of 
science, technology, engineering, computing, or mathematics; 
‘‘(7) serve schools in rural local edu-
cational agencies; 
‘‘(8) train teachers or principals to adopt 
and implement college and career ready standards; 
‘‘(9) develop alternative career pathways or 
differentiated school staffing models for ef-fective teachers or principals to expand their impact on student learning; 
‘‘(10) train or support principals or teacher 
leaders, including teacher leaders preparing for principal roles; 
‘‘(11) support, improve, or develop any 
other area of school innovation, as deter-mined by the Secretary; and 
‘‘(12) address the learning needs of Indian, 
Native American, Alaska Native, or migrant children in school. 
‘‘(f) S
TANDARDS OF EVIDENCE .—The Sec-
retary shall set standards for the quality of evidence that an eligible entity shall provide to demonstrate that the activities the eligi-ble entity proposes to carry out with grant funds under this section are likely to succeed in improving student outcomes or outcomes on other performance measures. These stand-ards may include any of the following: 
‘‘(1) Strong evidence that the activities 
proposed by the eligible entity will have a statistically significant effect on student academic achievement, student growth, graduation rates, or outcomes on other per-formance measures. 
‘‘(2) Moderate evidence that the activities 
proposed by the eligible entity will improve student academic achievement, student growth, graduation rates, or outcomes on other performance measures. 
‘‘(3) Evidence of promise or a strong theory 
that the activities proposed by the eligible entity will improve student academic achievement, student growth, graduation rates, or outcomes on other performance measures. 
‘‘SEC. 5454. APPLICATIONS. 
‘‘(a) A PPLICATIONS .—An eligible entity that 
desires to receive a grant under section 5453 shall submit an application to the Secretary at such time, in such manner, and con-taining such information as the Secretary may reasonably require. 
‘‘(b) C
ONTENTS .—Each application sub-
mitted by an eligible entity under subsection (a) shall— 
‘‘(1) describe the project for which the eli-
gible entity is seeking a grant and how the evidence supporting that project meets the standards of evidence established by the Sec-retary under section 5453(f); 
‘‘(2) describe how the eligible entity will 
address at least one of the areas described in section 5455(a)(1); 
‘‘(3) provide an estimate of the number of 
students that the eligible entity plans to serve under the proposed project, including the percentage of those students who are from low-income families, and the number of students to be served through additional ex-pansion after the grant ends; 
‘‘(4) demonstrate that the eligible entity 
has established one or more partnerships with the private sector, which may include philanthropic organizations, and that the partner or partners will provide matching funds, except that the Secretary may waive, on a case-by-case basis, the matching funds requirement under this paragraph upon a showing of exceptional circumstances, such as the difficulty of raising matching funds for a project to serve a rural area; 
‘‘(5) describe the eligible entity’s plan for 
continuing the proposed project after the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:10 Feb 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00075 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27FE7.011 H27FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1450 February 27, 2015 
grant funding under section 5453 ends, in-
cluding a plan for dissemination of best prac-tices and collaboration with other local edu-cational agencies; 
‘‘(6) demonstrate that the proposed project 
has incorporated input and feedback from educators working in the area to be served; 
‘‘(7) if the eligible entity is a local edu-
cational agency— 
‘‘(A) document the local educational agen-
cy’s record in— 
‘‘(i) increasing student achievement, in-
cluding achievement for each subgroup de-scribed in section 1111(b)(2)(C)(v); or 
‘‘(ii) decreasing achievement gaps; and ‘‘(B) demonstrate how the local edu-
cational agency has made significant im-provements in other outcomes, as applicable, on the performance measures described in section 5456; 
‘‘(8) if the eligible entity is a nonprofit or-
ganization— 
‘‘(A) provide evidence that the nonprofit 
organization has helped at least one high- need school or high-need local educational agency significantly— 
‘‘(i) increase student achievement, includ-
ing achievement for each subgroup described in section 1111(b)(2)(C)(v); 
‘‘(ii) reduce achievement gaps; or ‘‘(iii) increase graduation rates; and ‘‘(B) describe how the nonprofit organiza-
tion has helped at least 1 school or local edu-cational agency make a significant improve-ment, as applicable, in other outcomes on the performance measures described in sec-tion 5456; 
‘‘(9) if the eligible entity is an educational 
service agency— 
‘‘(A) provide evidence that the agency has 
helped at least one high-need school or high- need local educational agency significantly— 
‘‘(i) increase student achievement, includ-
ing achievement for each subgroup described in section 1111(b)(2)(C)(v); 
‘‘(ii) reduce achievement gaps; or ‘‘(iii) increase graduation rates; and ‘‘(B) describe how the agency has helped at 
least 1 school or local educational agency make a significant improvement, as applica-ble, in other outcomes on the performance measures described in section 5456; 
‘‘(10) provide a description of the eligible 
entity’s plan for independently evaluating the effectiveness of activities carried out with funds under section 5453; 
‘‘(11) provide an assurance that the eligible 
entity will— 
‘‘(A) cooperate with cross-cutting evalua-
tions; 
‘‘(B) make evaluation data available to 
third parties for validation and further study consistent with protections established by applicable Federal, State, and local privacy requirements and other on provisions on the protection of personally identifiable infor-mation; and 
‘‘(C) participate in communities of prac-
tice; and 
‘‘(12) if the eligible entity is a nonprofit or-
ganization that intends to make subgrants, consistent with section 5455(b), provide an assurance that the eligible entity will apply paragraphs (1) through (10), as appropriate, in the eligible entity’s selection of sub-grantees and in the oversight of such sub-grants. 
‘‘(c) C
RITERIA FOR EVALUATING APPLICA -
TIONS .—The Secretary shall award grants 
under section 5453 on a competitive basis, based on the quality of the applications under this section submitted and, consistent with the standards established under section 5453(f), each eligible entity’s likelihood of achieving success in improving student out-comes or outcomes on other performance measures. ‘‘SEC. 5455. USES OF FUNDS. 
‘‘(a) U SES OF FUNDS .—Each eligible entity 
that receives a grant under section 5453— 
‘‘(1) shall use the grant funds to address, at 
a minimum, one of the following areas of school innovations: 
‘‘(A) Improving the effectiveness and dis-
tribution of teachers or principals. 
‘‘(B) Strengthening the use of data to im-
prove teaching and learning. 
‘‘(C) Providing high-quality instruction 
based on rigorous standards that build to-ward college and career readiness and meas-uring students’ mastery using high-quality assessments aligned to those standards. 
‘‘(D) Turning around the lowest-performing 
schools. 
‘‘(E) Supporting the effective use of tech-
nology to improve teaching or principals and learning, including training teachers or prin-cipals in the innovative use of technology. 
‘‘(F) Any other area of school innovation, 
as determined by the Secretary; 
‘‘(2) shall use those funds to develop or ex-
pand strategies to improve the performance of high-need students on the performance measures described in section 5456; and 
‘‘(3) may use the grant funds for an inde-
pendent evaluation, as required by section 5454(b)(9), of the innovative practices carried out with the grant. 
‘‘(b) A
UTHORITY TO SUBGRANT .—In the case 
of an eligible entity receiving a grant under section 5453 that is nonprofit organization such eligible entity may use the grant funds to make subgrants to other entities to pro-vide support to one or more high-need schools or high-need local educational agen-cies. Any entity receiving a subgrant under this subsection shall comply with the re-quirements of this part for eligible entities, as appropriate. 
‘‘SEC. 5456. PERFORMANCE MEASURES. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall es-
tablish performance measures for the projects carried out under this part. These measures, at a minimum, shall track an eli-gible entity’s progress in— 
‘‘(1) improving outcomes for each subgroup 
described in section 1111(b)(2)(C)(v) that is served by the grantee on measures, includ-ing, as applicable, by— 
‘‘(A) increasing student achievement and 
decreasing achievement gaps; 
‘‘(B) increasing secondary school gradua-
tion rates; 
‘‘(C) increasing college enrollment rates 
and rates of college persistence; 
‘‘(D) improving teacher and principal effec-
tiveness or the retention of highly effective teachers or principals; 
‘‘(E) improving school readiness; or ‘‘(F) any other indicator as the Secretary 
or grantee may determine; and 
‘‘(2) implementing the eligible entity’s 
project in rural schools, as applicable. 
‘‘(b) D
ATA COLLECTION PERIOD .—From the 
amounts appropriated under this section, the Secretary may— 
‘‘(1) approve, for an eligible entity receiv-
ing a grant under section 5453, a data collec-tion period of not more than 72 months be-ginning after the end of the eligible entity’s grant period; and 
‘‘(2) provide the eligible entity with fund-
ing during such period for the sole purpose of collecting, analyzing, and reporting perform-ance information under this subsection on the project carried out during the grant pe-riod. 
‘‘SEC. 5457. ANNUAL REPORT. 
‘‘An eligible entity that receives a grant 
under section 5453 shall submit to the Sec-retary, at such time and in such manner as the Secretary may require, an annual report that includes information on— ‘‘(1) the eligible entity’s progress on the 
performance measures established under sec-tion 5456; and 
‘‘(2) the data supporting such progress. 
‘‘SEC. 5458. DEFINITIONS. 
‘‘In this part: ‘‘(1) E
LIGIBLE ENTITY .—The term ‘eligible 
entity’ means— 
‘‘(A) a local educational agency; 
‘‘(B) an educational service agencies; or ‘‘(C) a nonprofit organization in partner-
ship with a local educational agency or con-sortium of schools. 
‘‘(2) H
IGH-NEED LOCAL EDUCATIONAL AGEN -
CY.—The term ‘high-need local educational 
agency’ means a local educational agency— 
‘‘(A) that serves not fewer than 10,000 chil-
dren from families with incomes below the poverty line; 
‘‘(B) for which not less than 20 percent of 
the children served by the agency are from families with incomes below the poverty line; or 
‘‘(C) that is in the highest quartile of local 
educational agencies in the State, based on student poverty. 
‘‘(3) H
IGH-NEED SCHOOL .—The term ‘high- 
need school’’ means— 
‘‘(A) an elementary school or middle school 
in which not less than 50 percent of the en-rolled students are children eligible for free or reduced price lunch under the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act (42 U.S.C. 1751 et seq.); 
‘‘(B) a high school in which not less than 40 
percent of the enrolled students are children eligible for free or reduced price lunch under the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act (42 U.S.C. 1751 et seq.), which may be calculated using comparable data from feeder schools. 
‘‘(4) P
RINCIPAL .—The term ‘principal’ in-
cludes an assistant principal. 
‘‘(5) T EACHER .—The term ‘teacher’ includes 
teacher leaders. 
‘‘(6) T EACHER LEADER .—The term ‘teacher 
leader’ means a teacher who has dem-onstrated effectiveness and assumes leader-ship responsibilities to work with other teachers to raise student achievement in multiple classrooms. 
‘‘SEC. 5459. AUTHORIZATION. 
‘‘There are authorized to be appropriated 
to carry out this subpart $750,000,000 for fis-cal year 2016 and such sums as may be nec-essary for each of the 4 succeeding fiscal years.’’. 
(b) R
EPEAL .—Part B of title I (20 U.S.C. 
6361 et seq.) is repealed. 
Subtitle D—Family Engagement in Education 
Programs 
SEC. 521. FAMILY ENGAGEMENT IN EDUCATION 
PROGRAMS. 
Title V of the Act (20 U.S.C. 5101 et seq.) is 
a amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new part: 
‘‘PART E—FAMILY ENGAGEMENT IN 
EDUCATION PROGRAMS 
‘‘SEC. 5701. PURPOSES. 
‘‘The purposes of this part are the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(1) To provide financial support to organi-
zations to provide technical assistance and training to State and local educational agen-cies in the implementation and enhancement of systemic and effective family engagement policies, programs, and activities that lead to improvements in student development and academic achievement. 
‘‘(2) To assist State educational agencies, 
local educational agencies, community-based organizations, schools, and educators in strengthening partnerships among parents, teachers, school leaders, administrators, and other school personnel in meeting the edu-cational needs of children and fostering greater parental engagement. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:10 Feb 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00076 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27FE7.011 H27FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1451 February 27, 2015 
‘‘(3) To support State educational agencies, 
local educational agencies, schools, edu-cators, and parents in developing and strengthening the relationship between par-ents and their children’s school in order to further the developmental progress of chil-dren. 
‘‘(4) To coordinate activities funded under 
this part with parent involvement initiatives funded under section 1118 and other provi-sions of this Act. 
‘‘(5) To assist the Secretary, State edu-
cational agencies, and local educational agencies in the coordination and integration of Federal, State, and local services and pro-grams to engage families in education. 
‘‘SEC. 5702. GRANTS AUTHORIZED. 
‘‘(a) S TATEWIDE FAMILY ENGAGEMENT CEN-
TERS .—From the amount appropriated under 
section 4306, the Secretary is authorized to award grants for each fiscal year to state-wide organizations (and consortia of such or-ganizations and State educational agencies), to establish Statewide Family Engagement Centers that provide comprehensive training and technical assistance to State edu-cational agencies, local educational agen-cies, schools identified by State educational agencies and local educational agencies, or-ganizations that support family-school part-nerships, and other organizations that carry out parent education and family engagement in education programs. 
‘‘(b) M
INIMUM AWARD .—In awarding grants 
under this section, the Secretary shall, to the extent practicable, ensure that a grant is awarded for a Statewide Family Engagement Center in an amount not less than $500,000. 
‘‘SEC. 5703. APPLICATIONS. 
‘‘(a) S UBMISSIONS .—Each statewide organi-
zation, or a consortium of such an organiza-tion and a State educational agency, that de-sires a grant under this part shall submit an application to the Secretary at such time, in such manner, and including the information described in subsection (b). 
‘‘(b) C
ONTENTS .—Each application sub-
mitted under subsection (a) shall include, at a minimum, the following: 
‘‘(1) A description of the applicant’s ap-
proach to family engagement in education. 
‘‘(2) A description of the support that the 
Statewide Family Engagement Center that will be operated by the applicant will have from the applicant, including a letter from the applicant outlining the commitment to work with the center. 
‘‘(3) A description of the applicant’s plan 
for building a statewide infrastructure for family engagement in education, that in-cludes— 
‘‘(A) management and governance; ‘‘(B) statewide leadership; and ‘‘(C) systemic services for family engage-
ment in education. 
‘‘(4) A description of the applicant’s dem-
onstrated experience in providing training, information, and support to State edu-cational agencies, local educational agen-cies, schools, educators, parents, and organi-zations on family engagement in education policies and practices that are effective for parents (including low-income parents) and families, English learners, minorities, par-ents of students with disabilities, parents of homeless students, foster parents and stu-dents, and parents of migratory students, in-cluding evaluation results, reporting, or other data exhibiting such demonstrated ex-perience. 
‘‘(5) An assurance that the applicant will— ‘‘(A) establish a special advisory com-
mittee, the membership of which includes— 
‘‘(i) parents, who shall constitute a major-
ity of the members of the special advisory committee; ‘‘(ii) representatives of education profes-
sionals with expertise in improving services for disadvantaged children; 
‘‘(iii) representatives of local elementary 
schools and secondary schools, including stu-dents; 
‘‘(iv) representatives of the business com-
munity; and 
‘‘(v) representatives of State educational 
agencies and local educational agencies; 
‘‘(B) use not less than 65 percent of the 
funds received under this part in each fiscal year to serve local educational agencies, schools, and community-based organizations that serve high concentrations of disadvan-taged students, including English learners, minorities, parents of students with disabil-ities, parents of homeless students, foster parents and students, and parents of migra-tory students; 
‘‘(C) operate a Statewide Family Engage-
ment Center of sufficient size, scope, and quality to ensure that the Center is adequate to serve the State educational agency, local educational agencies, and community-based organizations; 
‘‘(D) ensure that the Center will retain 
staff with the requisite training and experi-ence to serve parents in the State; 
‘‘(E) serve urban, suburban, and rural local 
educational agencies and schools; 
‘‘(F) work with— ‘‘(i) other Statewide Family Engagement 
Centers assisted under this part; and 
‘‘(ii) parent training and information cen-
ters and community parent resource centers assisted under sections 671 and 672 of the In-dividuals with Disabilities Education Act; 
‘‘(G) use not less than 30 percent of the 
funds received under this part for each fiscal year to establish or expand technical assist-ance for evidence-based parent education programs; 
‘‘(H) provide assistance to State edu-
cational agencies and local educational agencies and community-based organizations that support family members in supporting student academic achievement; 
‘‘(I) work with State educational agencies, 
local educational agencies, schools, edu-cators, and parents to determine parental needs and the best means for delivery of services to address such needs; and 
‘‘(J) conduct sufficient outreach to assist 
parents, including parents who the applicant may have a difficult time engaging with a school or local educational agency. 
‘‘SEC. 5704. USES OF FUNDS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Grantees shall use grant 
funds received under this part, based on the needs determined under section 4303(b)(5)(I), to provide training and technical assistance to State educational agencies, local edu-cational agencies, and organizations that support family-school partnerships, and ac-tivities, services, and training for local edu-cational agencies, school leaders, educators, and parents— 
‘‘(1) to assist parents in participating effec-
tively in their children’s education and to help their children meet college and career ready standards, such as assisting parents— 
‘‘(A) to engage in activities that will im-
prove student academic achievement, includ-ing understanding how they can support learning in the classroom with activities at home and in afterschool and extracurricular programs; 
‘‘(B) to communicate effectively with their 
children, teachers, school leaders, coun-selors, administrators, and other school per-sonnel; 
‘‘(C) to become active participants in the 
development, implementation, and review of school-parent compacts, family engagement in education policies, and school planning and improvement; ‘‘(D) to participate in the design and provi-
sion of assistance to students who are not making academic progress; 
‘‘(E) to participate in State and local deci-
sionmaking; 
‘‘(F) to train other parents; and ‘‘(G) to help the parents learn and use 
technology applied in their children’s edu-cation; 
‘‘(2) to develop and implement, in partner-
ship with the State educational agency, statewide family engagement in education policy and systemic initiatives that will pro-vide for a continuum of services to remove barriers for family engagement in education and support school reform efforts; and 
‘‘(3) to develop, implement, and assess pa-
rental involvement policies under sections 1112 and 1118. 
‘‘(b) M
ATCHING FUNDS FOR GRANT RE-
NEWAL .—For each fiscal year after the first 
fiscal year for which an organization or con-sortium receives assistance under this sec-tion, the organization or consortium shall demonstrate in the application that a por-tion of the services provided by the organiza-tion or consortium is supported through non- Federal contributions, which may be in cash or in-kind. 
‘‘(c) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE .—The Sec-
retary shall reserve not more than 2 percent of the funds appropriated under section 4306 to carry out this part to provide technical assistance, by grant or contract, for the es-tablishment, development, and coordination of Statewide Family Engagement Centers. 
‘‘(d) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
this section shall be construed to prohibit a Statewide Family Engagement Center from— 
‘‘(1) having its employees or agents meet 
with a parent at a site that is not on school grounds; or 
‘‘(2) working with another agency that 
serves children. 
‘‘(e) P
ARENTAL RIGHTS .—Notwithstanding 
any other provision of this section— 
‘‘(1) no person (including a parent who edu-
cates a child at home, a public school parent, or a private school parent) shall be required to participate in any program of parent edu-cation or developmental screening under this section; and 
‘‘(2) no program or center assisted under 
this section shall take any action that in-fringes in any manner on the right of a par-ent to direct the education of their children. 
‘‘SEC. 5705. FAMILY ENGAGEMENT IN INDIAN 
SCHOOLS. 
‘‘The Secretary of the Interior, in con-
sultation with the Secretary of Education, shall establish, or enter into contracts and cooperative agreements with local Indian or Indian-serving nonprofit parent organiza-tions to establish and operate Family En-gagement Centers. 
‘‘SEC. 5706. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIA-
TIONS. 
‘‘There are authorized to be appropriated 
to carry out this part $30,000,000 for fiscal year 2016 and such sums as may be necessary for subsequent fiscal years.’’. 
Subtitle E—Fast Track to College 
SEC. 531. SHORT TITLE. 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘Fast 
Track to College Act of 2013’’. 
SEC. 532. PURPOSE. 
The purpose of this subtitle is to increase 
secondary school graduation rates and the percentage of students who complete a rec-ognized postsecondary credential by the age of 26, including among low-income students and students from other populations under-represented in higher education. 
SEC. 533. DEFINITIONS. 
For purposes of this subtitle: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:10 Feb 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00077 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27FE7.011 H27FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1452 February 27, 2015 
(1) D UAL ENROLLMENT PROGRAM .—The term 
‘‘dual enrollment program’’ means an aca-demic program through which a secondary school student is able simultaneously to earn credit toward a secondary school di-ploma and a postsecondary degree or creden-tial. 
(2) E
ARLY COLLEGE HIGH SCHOOL .—The term 
‘‘early college high school’’ means a sec-ondary school that provides a course of study that enables a student to earn a sec-ondary school diploma and either an associ-ate’s degree or one to two years of postsec-ondary credit toward a postsecondary degree or credential. 
(3) E
DUCATIONAL SERVICE AGENCY .—The 
term ‘‘educational service agency’’ has the meaning given such term in section 9101(17) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7801(17)). 
(4) E
LIGIBLE ENTITY .—The term ‘‘eligible 
entity’’ means a local educational agency, which may be an educational service agency, in a collaborative partnership with an insti-tution of higher education. Such partnership also may include other entities, such as a nonprofit organization with experience in youth development. 
(5) I
NSTITUTION OF HIGHER EDUCATION .—The 
term ‘‘institution of higher education’’ has the meaning given such term in section 101 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1001). 
(6) L
OCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCY .—The term 
‘‘local educational agency’’ has the meaning given such term in section 9101(26) of the Ele-mentary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7801(26)). 
(7) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ 
means the Secretary of Education. 
(8) L OW-INCOME STUDENT .—The term ‘‘low- 
income student’’ means a student described in section 1113(a)(5) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6313(a)(5)). 
SEC. 534. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS; 
RESERVATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—To carry out this sub-
title, there are authorized to be appropriated $150,000,000 for fiscal year 2014 and such sums as may be necessary for each of fiscal years 2015 through 2019. 
(b) E
ARLY COLLEGE HIGH SCHOOLS .—The 
Secretary shall reserve not less than 45 per-cent of the funds appropriated under sub-section (a) to support early college high schools under section 535. 
(c) D
UAL ENROLLMENT PROGRAMS .—The 
Secretary shall reserve not less than 45 per-cent of such funds to support dual enroll-ment programs (other than early college high schools) under section 535. 
(d) S
TATE GRANTS .—The Secretary shall re-
serve 10 percent of such funds, or $10,000,000, whichever is less, for grants to States under section 539. 
SEC. 535. AUTHORIZED PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary is author-
ized to award 6-year grants to eligible enti-ties seeking to establish a new, or support an existing, early college high school or other dual enrollment program in accordance with section 536. 
(b) G
RANT AMOUNT .—The Secretary shall 
ensure that grants are of sufficient size to enable grantees to carry out all required ac-tivities and otherwise meet the purposes of this subtitle, except that a grant under this section may not exceed $2,000,000. 
(c) M
ATCHING REQUIREMENT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—An eligible entity shall 
contribute matching funds toward the costs of the early college high school or other dual enrollment program to be supported under this section, of which not less than half shall be from non-Federal sources, which funds shall represent not less than the following: (A) Twenty percent of the grant amount 
received in each of the first and second years of the grant. 
(B) Thirty percent in each of the third and 
fourth years. 
(C) Forty percent in the fifth year. (D) Fifty percent in the sixth year. (2) D
ETERMINATION OF AMOUNT CONTRIB -
UTED .—The Secretary shall allow an eligible 
entity to satisfy the requirement of this sub-section through in-kind contributions. 
(d) S
UPPLEMENT , NOTSUPPLANT .—An eligi-
ble entity shall use a grant received under this section only to supplement funds that would, in the absence of such grant, be made available from non-Federal funds for support of the activities described in the eligible en-tity’s application under section 537, and not to supplant such funds. 
(e) P
RIORITY .—In awarding grants under 
this section, the Secretary shall give pri-ority to applicants— 
(1) that propose to establish or support an 
early college high school or other dual en-rollment program that will serve a student population of which 0 percent or more are students counted under section 1113(a)(5) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6313(a)(5)); and 
(2) from States that provide assistance to 
early college high schools or other dual en-rollment programs, such as assistance to de-fray the costs of higher education (including costs of tuition, fees, and textbooks). 
(f) G
EOGRAPHIC DISTRIBUTION .—The Sec-
retary shall, to the maximum extent prac-ticable, ensure that grantees are from a rep-resentative cross-section of urban, suburban, and rural areas. 
SEC. 536. USES OF FUNDS. 
(a) M ANDATORY ACTIVITIES .—An eligible en-
tity shall use grant funds received under sec-tion 535 to support the activities described in its application under section 537, including the following: 
(1) P
LANNING YEAR .—In the case of a new 
early college high school or dual enrollment program, during the first year of the grant— 
(A) hiring a principal and staff, as appro-
priate; 
(B) designing the curriculum and sequence 
of courses in collaboration with (at a min-imum) teachers from the local educational agency and faculty from the partner institu-tion of higher education; 
(C) informing parents and the community 
about the school or program and opportuni-ties to become actively involved in the school or program; 
(D) establishing a course articulation proc-
ess for defining and approving courses for secondary school and postsecondary credit or credential; 
(E) outreach programs to ensure that sec-
ondary school students and their families are aware of the early college high school or dual enrollment program; 
(F) liaison activities among partners in the 
eligible entity; and 
(G) coordinating secondary and postsec-
ondary support services, academic calendars, and transportation. 
(2) I
MPLEMENTATION PERIOD .—During the 
remainder of the grant period— 
(A) academic and social support services, 
including counseling; 
(B) liaison activities among partners in the 
eligible entity; 
(C) data collection and use of such data for 
student and instructional improvement and program evaluation; 
(D) outreach programs to ensure that sec-
ondary school students and their families are aware of the early college high school or dual enrollment program; 
(E) professional development, including 
joint professional development for secondary school and faculty from the institution of 
higher education; and 
(F) school or program design and planning 
team activities, including curriculum devel-opment. 
(b) A
LLOWABLE ACTIVITIES .—An eligible en-
tity may also use grant funds received under section 535 otherwise to support the activi-ties described in its application under sec-tion 537, including— 
(1) purchasing textbooks and equipment 
that support the school or program’s cur-riculum; 
(2) developing learning opportunities for 
students that complement classroom experi-ences, such as internships, career-based cap-stone projects, and opportunities provided under chapters 1 and 2 of subpart 2 of part A of title IV of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1070a–11 et seq.); 
(3) transportation; and (4) planning time for secondary school and 
educators from an institution of higher edu-cation to collaborate. 
SEC. 537. APPLICATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—To receive a grant under 
section 535, an eligible entity shall submit to the Secretary an application at such time, in such manner, and including such informa-tion as the Secretary determines to be ap-propriate. 
(b) C
ONTENTS OF APPLICATION .—At a min-
imum, the application described in sub-section (a) shall include a description of— 
(1) the early college high school’s or other 
dual enrollment program’s budget; 
(2) each partner in the eligible entity and 
its experience with early college high schools or other dual enrollment programs, key personnel from each partner and their responsibilities for the early college high school or dual enrollment program, and how the eligible entity will work with secondary and postsecondary teachers, other public and private entities, community-based organiza-tions, businesses, labor organizations, and parents to ensure that students will be pre-pared to succeed in postsecondary education and employment, which may include the de-velopment of an advisory board; 
(3) how the eligible entity will target and 
recruit at-risk youth, including those at risk of dropping out of school, first generation college students, and students from popu-lations described in section 1111(b)(2)(C)(v)(II) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6311(b)(2)(C)(v)(II)); 
(4) a system of student supports including, 
but not limited to, small group activities, tutoring, literacy and numeracy skill devel-opment in all academic disciplines, parental and community outreach and engagement, extended learning time, and college readi-ness activities, such as early college aca-demic seminars and counseling; 
(5) in the case of an early college high 
school, how a graduation and career plan will be developed, consistent with State graduation requirements, for each student and reviewed each semester; 
(6) how parents or guardians of students in 
the early college high school or dually en-rolled students will be informed of their aca-demic performance and progress and, subject to paragraph (5), involved in the develop-ment of their career and graduation plan; 
(7) coordination that will occur between 
the institution of higher education and the local educational agency, including regard-ing academic calendars, provision of student services, curriculum development, and pro-fessional development; 
(8) how the eligible entity will ensure that 
teachers in the early college high school or other dual enrollment program receive ap-propriate professional development and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:10 Feb 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00078 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27FE7.011 H27FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1453 February 27, 2015 
other supports, including to enable them to 
utilize effective parent and community en-gagement strategies, and help English-lan-guage learners, students with disabilities, and students from diverse cultural back-grounds to succeed; 
(9) learning opportunities for students that 
complement classroom experiences, such as internships, career-based capstone projects, and opportunities provided under chapters 1 and 2 of subpart 2 of part A of title IV of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1070a– 11 et seq.); 
(10) how policies, agreements, and courses 
taken will ensure that postsecondary credits earned will be transferable to, at a min-imum, public institutions of higher edu-cation within the State, consistent with ex-isting statewide articulation agreements; 
(11) student assessments and other meas-
urements of student achievement including benchmarks for student achievement; 
(12) outreach programs to provide elemen-
tary and secondary school students, espe-cially those in middle grades, and their par-ents, teachers, school counselors, and prin-cipals information about and academic prep-aration for the early college high school or other dual enrollment program; 
(13) how the local educational agency and 
institution of higher education will work to-gether, as appropriate, to collect and use data for student and instructional improve-ment and program evaluation; 
(14) how the eligible entity will help stu-
dents meet eligibility criteria for postsec-ondary courses and ensure that students un-derstand how their credits will transfer; and 
(15) how the eligible entity will access and 
leverage additional resources necessary to sustain the early college high school or other dual enrollment program after the grant ex-pires, including by engaging businesses and non-profit organizations. 
(c) A
SSURANCES .—An eligible entity’s ap-
plication under subsection (a) shall include assurances that— 
(1) in the case of an early college high 
school, the majority of courses offered, in-cluding postsecondary courses, will be of-fered at facilities of the institution of higher education; 
(2) students will not be required to pay tui-
tion or fees for postsecondary courses; 
(3) postsecondary credits earned will be 
transcribed upon completion of the requisite course work; and 
(4) faculty teaching postsecondary courses 
meet the normal standards for faculty estab-lished by the institution of higher education. 
(d) W
AIVER .—The Secretary may waive the 
requirement of subsection (c)(1) upon a show-ing that it is impractical to apply due to ge-ographic considerations. 
SEC. 538. PEER REVIEW. 
(a) P EER REVIEW OF APPLICATIONS .—The 
Secretary shall establish peer review panels to review applications submitted pursuant to section 537 to advise the Secretary regarding such applications. 
(b) C
OMPOSITION OF PEERREVIEW PANELS .— 
The Secretary shall ensure that each peer re-view panel is not comprised wholly of full- time officers or employees of the Federal Government and includes, at a minimum— 
(1) experts in the establishment and admin-
istration of early college high schools or other dual enrollment programs from the secondary and postsecondary perspective; 
(2) faculty at institutions of higher edu-
cation and secondary school teachers with expertise in dual enrollment; and 
(3) experts in the education of at-risk stu-
dents. 
SEC. 539. GRANTS TO STATES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary is author-
ized to award 5-year grants to State agencies responsible for secondary or postsecondary 
education for efforts to support or establish early college high schools or other dual en-rollment programs. 
(b) G
RANT AMOUNT .—The Secretary shall 
ensure that grants are of sufficient size to enable grantees to carry out all required ac-tivities. 
(c) M
ATCHING REQUIREMENT .—A State shall 
contribute matching funds from non-Federal sources toward the costs of carrying out ac-tivities under this section, which funds shall represent not less than 50 percent of the grant amount. 
(d) P
RIORITY .—In awarding grants under 
this section, the Secretary shall give pri-ority to States that provide assistance to early college high schools or other dual en-rollment programs, such as assistance to de-fray the costs of higher education, such as tuition, fees, and textbooks. 
(e) A
PPLICATION .—To receive a grant under 
this section, a State agency shall submit to the Secretary an application at such time, in such manner, and including such informa-tion as the Secretary determines to be ap-propriate. 
(f) C
ONTENTS OF APPLICATION .—At a min-
imum, the application described in sub-section (e) shall include— 
(1) how the State will carry out all of the 
required State activities described in sub-section (g); 
(2) how the State will identify and elimi-
nate barriers to implementing effective early college high schools and dual enrollment programs after the grant expires, including by engaging businesses and non-profit orga-nizations; 
(3) how the State will access and leverage 
additional resources necessary to sustain early college high schools or other dual en-rollment programs; and 
(4) such other information as the Secretary 
determines to be appropriate. 
(g) S
TATE ACTIVITIES .—A State receiving a 
grant under this section shall use such funds for— 
(1) creating outreach programs to ensure 
that secondary school students, their fami-lies, and community members are aware of early college high schools and dual enroll-ment programs in the State; 
(2) planning and implementing a statewide 
strategy for expanding access to early col-lege high schools and dual enrollment pro-grams for students who are underrepresented in higher education to raise statewide rates of secondary school graduation, readiness for postsecondary education, and completion of postsecondary degrees and credentials, with a focus on at-risk students, including identi-fying any obstacles to such a strategy under State law or policy; 
(3) providing technical assistance to early 
college high schools and other dual enroll-ment programs, such as brokering relation-ships and agreements that forge a strong partnership between elementary and sec-ondary and postsecondary partners; 
(4) identifying policies that will improve 
the effectiveness and ensure the quality of early college high schools and dual enroll-
ment programs, such as access, funding, data and quality assurance, governance, account-ability and alignment policies; 
(5) planning and delivering statewide train-
ing and peer learning opportunities for school leaders and teachers from early col-lege high schools and dual enrollment pro-grams, which may include providing instruc-tional coaches who offer on-site guidance; 
(6) disseminating best practices in early 
college high schools and dual enrollment programs from across the State and from other States; and 
(7) facilitating statewide data collection, 
research and evaluation, and reporting to policymakers and other stakeholders. SEC. 540. REPORTING AND OVERSIGHT. 
(a) R EPORTING BY GRANTEES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall estab-
lish uniform guidelines for all grantees con-cerning information such grantees annually shall report to the Secretary to demonstrate a grantee’s progress toward achieving the goals of this subtitle. 
(2) C
ONTENTS OF REPORT .—At a minimum, 
the report described in paragraph (1) shall in-clude, for eligible entities receiving funds under section 535, for students participating in the early college high school or other dual enrollment program within each category of students described in section 1111(h)(1)(C)(i) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C.6311(h)(1)(C)(i)): 
(A) The number of students. (B) The percentage of students scoring ad-
vanced, proficient, basic, and below basic on the assessments described in section 1111(b)(3) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6311(b)(3)). 
(C) The performance of students on other 
assessments or measurements of achieve-ment. 
(D) The number of secondary school credits 
earned. 
(E) The number of postsecondary credits 
earned. 
(F) Attendance rate, as appropriate. (G) Graduation rate. (H) Placement in postsecondary education 
or advanced training, in military service, and in employment. 
(I) A description of the school or program’s 
student, parent, and community outreach and engagement. 
(b) R
EPORTING BY SECRETARY .—The Sec-
retary annually shall compile and analyze the information described in subsection (a) and shall submit a report containing such analysis to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate and the Committee on Education and Labor of the House of Representatives. The report shall include identification of best practices for achieving the goals of this subtitle. 
(c) M
ONITORING VISITS .—The Secretary’s 
designee shall visit each grantee at least once for the purpose of helping the grantee achieve the goals of this subtitle and to mon-itor the grantee’s progress toward achieving such goals. 
(d) N
ATIONAL EVALUATION .—Not later than 
6 months after the date on which funds are appropriated to carry out this subtitle, the 
Secretary shall enter into a contract with an independent organization to perform an eval-uation of the grants awarded under this sub-title. Such evaluation shall apply rigorous procedures to obtain valid and reliable data concerning participants’ outcomes by social and academic characteristics and monitor the progress of students from secondary school to and through postsecondary edu-cation. 
(e) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE .—The Secretary 
shall provide technical assistance to eligible entities concerning best practices in early college high schools and dual enrollment programs and shall disseminate such best practices among eligible entities and State and local educational agencies. 
SEC. 541. RULES OF CONSTRUCTION. 
(a) E MPLOYEES .—Nothing in this subtitle 
shall be construed to alter or otherwise af-fect the rights, remedies, and procedures af-forded to the employees of local educational agencies (including schools) or institutions of higher education under Federal, State, or local laws (including applicable regulations or court orders) or under the terms of collec-tive bargaining agreements, memoranda of understanding, or other agreements between such employees and their employers. 
(b) G
RADUATION RATE.—A student who 
graduates from an early college high school 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:10 Feb 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00079 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27FE7.011 H27FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1454 February 27, 2015 
supported under this subtitle in the standard 
number of years for graduation described in the eligible entity’s application shall be con-sidered to have graduated on time for pur-poses of section 1111(b)(2)(C)(6) of the Ele-
mentary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6311(b)(2)(C)(6)). 
TITLE VI—FLEXIBILITY AND 
ACCOUNTABILITY 
SEC. 601. FLEXIBILITY AND ACCOUNTABILITY. 
Title VI (20 U.S.C. 7301 et seq.), as amended 
by section 110(b), is further amended by amending section 6234— 
(1) by striking ‘‘fiscal year 2002’’ and in-
serting ‘‘fiscal year 2016’’; and 
(2) by striking ‘‘, to be distributed equally 
between subparts 1 and 2’’. 
TITLE VII—INDIAN, NATIVE HAWAIIAN, 
AND ALASKA NATIVE EDUCATION 
SEC. 701. IN GENERAL. 
Title VII (20 U.S.C. 7401 et seq.) is amend-
ed— 
(1) by striking ‘‘Bureau of Indian Affairs’’ 
each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Bureau of Indian Education’’; 
(2) by striking ‘‘No Child Left Behind Act 
of 2001’’ each place it appears and insert ‘‘Student Success Act’’; and 
(3) in sections 7152, 7205(c), and 7304(d)(1), 
by striking ‘‘fiscal year 2002’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘fiscal year 2016’’. 
Subtitle A—Indian Education 
SEC. 711. PURPOSE. 
Section 7102 (20 U.S.C. 7402) is amended to 
read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 7102. PURPOSE. 
‘‘It is the purpose of this part to support 
the efforts of local educational agencies, In-dian tribes and organizations, postsecondary institutions, and other entities— 
‘‘(1) to ensure the academic achievement of 
American Indian and Alaska Native students by meeting their unique cultural, language, and educational needs, consistent with sec-tion 1111(c); 
‘‘(2) to ensure that Indian and Alaska Na-
tive students gain knowledge and under-standing of Native communities, languages, tribal histories, traditions, and cultures; and 
‘‘(3) to ensure that principals, teachers, 
and other staff who serve Indian and Alaska Native students have the ability to provide culturally appropriate and effective instruc-tion to such students.’’. 
PART 1—FORMULA GRANTS TO LOCAL 
EDUCATIONAL AGENCIES 
SEC. 721. FORMULA GRANT PURPOSE. 
Section 7111 (20 U.S.C. 7421) is amended to 
read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 7111. PURPOSE. 
‘‘(a) P URPOSE .—It is the purpose of this 
subpart to support the efforts of local edu-cational agencies, Indian tribes and organi-zations, postsecondary institutions, and other entities to improve the academic achievement of American Indian and Alaska Native students by meeting their unique cul-tural, language, and educational needs. 
‘‘(b) P
ROGRAMS .—This subpart carries out 
the purpose described in subsection (a) by authorizing programs of direct assistance for— 
‘‘(1) meeting the unique educational and 
culturally related academic needs of Indians and Alaska Natives; 
‘‘(2) strengthening American Indian, Na-
tive Hawaiian, and Alaska Native students’ knowledge of their languages, history, tradi-tions, and cultures; 
‘‘(3) the education of Indian children and 
adults; 
‘‘(4) the training of Indian persons as edu-
cators and counselors, and in other profes-sions serving Indian people; and 
‘‘(5) research, evaluation, data collection, 
and technical assistance.’’. SEC. 722. GRANTS TO LOCAL EDUCATIONAL 
AGENCIES, TRIBES, AND INDIAN OR-GANIZATIONS. 
Section 7112 (20 U.S.C. 7422) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘and In-
dian tribes’’ and inserting ‘‘, Indian tribes, 
and Indian organizations’’; 
(2) in subsection (b)(2), by striking ‘‘a res-
ervation’’ and inserting ‘‘an Indian reserva-tion’’; and 
(3) by striking subsection (c) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(c) I
NDIAN TRIBES AND INDIAN ORGANIZA -
TIONS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—If a local educational 
agency that is otherwise eligible for a grant under this subpart does not establish a com-mittee under section 7114(c)(5) for such grant, an Indian tribe, an Indian organiza-tion, or a consortium of such entities, that represents more than one-half of the eligible Indian children who are served by such local educational agency may apply for such grant. 
‘‘(2) U
NAFFILIATED INDIAN TRIBES .—An In-
dian tribe that operates a school and is not affiliated with either the local educational agency or the Bureau of Indian Education shall be eligible to apply for a grant under this subpart. 
‘‘(3) S
PECIAL RULE .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall 
treat each Indian tribe, Indian organization, or consortium of such entities applying for a grant pursuant to paragraph (1) or (2) as if such tribe, Indian organization, or consor-tium were a local educational agency for purposes of this subpart. 
‘‘(B) E
XCEPTIONS .—Notwithstanding sub-
paragraph (A), such Indian tribe, Indian or-ganization, or consortium shall not be sub-ject to the requirements of subsections (b)(7) or (c)(5) of section 7114 or section 7118(c) or 7119. 
‘‘(4) A
SSURANCE TO SERVE ALL INDIAN CHIL -
DREN .—An Indian tribe, Indian organization, 
or consortium of such entities that is eligi-ble to apply for a grant under paragraph (1) shall include, in the application required under section 7114, an assurance that the en-tity will use the grant funds to provide serv-ices to all Indian students served by the local educational agency. 
‘‘(d) I
NDIAN COMMUNITY -BASED ORGANIZA -
TION.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—If no local educational 
agency pursuant to subsection (b), and no In-dian tribe, Indian organization, or consor-tium pursuant to subsection (c), applies for a grant under this subpart, an Indian commu-nity-based organization serving the commu-nity of the local educational agency may apply for such grant. 
‘‘(2) A
PPLICABILITY OF SPECIAL RULE .—The 
Secretary shall apply the special rule in sub-section (c)(3) to a community-based organi-zation applying or receiving a grant under paragraph (1) in the same manner as such rule applies to an Indian tribe, Indian orga-nization, or consortium. 
‘‘(3) D
EFINITION OF INDIAN COMMUNITY -BASED  
ORGANIZATION .—In this subsection, the term 
‘Indian community-based organization’ means any organization that— 
‘‘(A) is composed primarily of Indian par-
ents and community members, tribal govern-ment education officials, and tribal members from a specific community; 
‘‘(B) assists in the social, cultural, and 
educational development of Indians in such community; 
‘‘(C) meets the unique cultural, language, 
and academic needs of Indian students; and 
‘‘(D) demonstrates organizational capacity 
to manage the grant. 
‘‘(e) C
ONSORTIA .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—A local educational 
agency, Indian tribe, or Indian organization that meets the eligibility requirements 
under this section may form a consortium with other eligible local educational agen-cies, Indian tribes, or Indian organizations for the purpose of obtaining grants and oper-ating programs under this subpart. 
‘‘(2) R
EQUIREMENTS FOR LOCAL EDUCATIONAL  
AGENCIES IN CONSORTIA .—In any case where 2 
or more local educational agencies that are eligible under subsection (b) form or partici-pate in a consortium to obtain a grant, or operate a program, under this subpart, each local educational agency participating in such a consortium shall— 
‘‘(A) provide, in the application submitted 
under section 7114, an assurance that the eli-gible Indian children served by such local educational agency will receive the services of the programs funded under this subpart; and 
‘‘(B) agree to be subject to all require-
ments, assurances, and obligations applica-ble to a local educational agency receiving a grant under this subpart.’’. 
SEC. 723. AMOUNT OF GRANTS. 
Section 7113(b) (20 U.S.C. 7423(b)) is amend-
ed— 
(1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘$3,000’’ 
and inserting ‘‘$10,000’’; 
(2) by striking paragraph (2) and redesig-
nating paragraph (3) as paragraph (2); and 
(3) in paragraph (2), as so redesignated, by 
striking ‘‘$4,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$15,000’’. 
SEC. 724. APPLICATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 7114 (20 U.S.C. 
7424) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (2)— (i) in subparagraph (A)— (I) by striking ‘‘is consistent with’’ and in-
serting ‘‘supports’’; and 
(II) by inserting ‘‘, tribal,’’ after ‘‘State’’; 
and 
(ii) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘such 
goals’’ and all that follows through the semi-colon at the end and inserting ‘‘such goals, to ensure such students meet the same col-lege and career ready State academic achievement standards under section 1111(b) for all children;’’; 
(B) in paragraph (5)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘and’’ 
after the semicolon; and 
(ii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) the parents of Indian children, and 
representatives of Indian tribes, on the com-mittee described in subsection (c)(5) will par-ticipate in the planning of the professional development materials;’’; 
(C) in paragraph (6)— (i) in subparagraph (B)— (I) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iii) the Indian tribes whose children are 
served by the local educational agency; and’’; and 
(ii) in subparagraph (C), by striking the pe-
riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(D) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(7) describes— ‘‘(A) the formal process the local edu-
cational agency used to collaborate with In-dian tribes located in the community in the development of the comprehensive programs; and 
‘‘(B) the actions taken as a result of the 
collaboration.’’; 
(2) in subsection (c)— (A) in paragraph (2), by adding at the end 
the following: 
‘‘(A) determine the extent to which such 
activities address the unique cultural, lan-guage, and educational needs of Indian stu-dents;’’; 
(B) in paragraph (3)(C), by inserting ‘‘rep-
resentatives of Indian tribes with reserva-tions located within 50 miles of any of the schools that have Indian children in any 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:10 Feb 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00080 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27FE7.011 H27FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1455 February 27, 2015 
such school,’’ after ‘‘Indian children and 
teachers’’; 
(C) in paragraph (4)(A)— (i) by redesignating clauses (ii) and (iii) as 
clauses (iii) and (iv), respectively; and 
(ii) by inserting the following after clause 
(i): 
‘‘(ii) representatives of Indian tribes with 
reservations located within 50 miles of any of the schools that have children in any such school;’’. 
(D) in subparagraph (4)(B), by adding ‘‘or 
representatives of Indian tribes described in subparagraph (A)(ii)’’ after ‘‘children’’; and 
(E) in subparagraph (4)(D)— (i) by striking ‘‘; and’’ at the end of clause 
(i); and 
(ii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iii) determined that the program will di-
rectly enhance the educational experience of Indian and Alaska Native students; and’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(d) O
UTREACH .—The Secretary shall mon-
itor the applications for grants under this subpart to identify eligible local educational agencies and schools operated by the Bureau of Indian Education that have not applied for such grants, and shall undertake appropriate outreach activities to encourage and assist eligible entities to submit applications for such grants.’’. 
SEC. 725. AUTHORIZED SERVICES AND ACTIVI-
TIES. 
Section 7115 (20 U.S.C. 7425) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (b)— (A) by inserting before paragraph (2) the 
following: 
‘‘(1) activities that support Native Amer-
ican language immersion programs and Na-tive American language restoration pro-grams,’’; 
(B) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘chal-
lenging State academic content and student academic achievement standards’’ and in-serting ‘‘college and career ready State aca-demic content and student academic achievement standards under section 1111(b)’’; 
(C) by striking paragraph (4) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(4) integrated educational services in 
combination with other programs to meet the unique needs of Indian children and their families, including programs that promote parental involvement— 
‘‘(A) in school activities; and ‘‘(B) to increase student achievement;’’; (D) by striking paragraph (6) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(6) activities that educate individuals so 
as to prevent violence, suicide, and sub-stance abuse;’’; 
(E) by striking paragraph (9) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(9) activities that incorporate culturally 
and linguistically relevant curriculum con-tent into classroom instruction that is re-sponsive to the unique learning styles of In-dian and Alaska Native children, and ensures that children are better able to meet the col-lege and career ready State academic achievement standards under section 1111(b);’’; and 
(F) in paragraph (11) by striking ‘‘chil-
dren,’’ and all that follows through the pe-riod and inserting ‘‘children;’’; and 
(G) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(12) dropout prevention strategies for In-
dian and Alaska Native students; and 
‘‘(13) strategies to meet the educational 
needs of at-risk Indian students in correc-tional facilities, including such strategies that support Indian and Alaska Native stu-dents who are transitioning from such facili-ties to schools served by local educational agencies.’’. (2) in subsection (c) by adding at the end 
the following: 
‘‘(3) the local educational agency identifies 
in its application how the use of such funds in a schoolwide program will produce bene-fits to the Indian students that would not be achieved if the funds were not used in a schoolwide program.’’. 
SEC. 726. STUDENT ELIGIBILITY FORMS. 
Section 7117(e) (20 U.S.C. 7427(e)) is amend-
ed to read as follows: 
‘‘(e) D OCUMENTATION AND TYPES OF  
PROOF .— 
‘‘(1) T YPES OF PROOF .—For purposes of de-
termining whether a child is eligible to be counted for the purpose of computing the amount of a grant award under section 7113, the membership of the child, or any parent or grandparent of the child, in a tribe or band of Indians (as so defined) may be estab-lished by proof other than an enrollment number, notwithstanding the availability of an enrollment number for a member of such tribe or band. Nothing in subsection (b) shall be construed to require the furnishing of an enrollment number. 
‘‘(2) N
O NEW OR DUPLICATE DETERMINA -
TIONS .—Once a child is determined to be an 
Indian eligible to be counted for such grant award, the local educational agency shall maintain a record of such determination and shall not require a new or duplicate deter-mination to be made for such child for a sub-sequent application for a grant under this subpart. 
‘‘(3) P
REVIOUSLY FILED FORMS .—An Indian 
student eligibility form that was on file as required by this section on the day before the date of enactment of the Student Suc-cess Act and that met the requirements of this section, as this section was in effect on the day before the date of enactment of such Act, shall remain valid for such Indian stu-dent.’’. 
SEC. 727. TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE. 
Subpart 1 of part A of title VII is amended 
by adding at the end the following new sec-tion: 
‘‘SEC. 7120. TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE. 
‘‘The Secretary shall, directly or through 
contract, provide technical assistance to a local educational agency upon request, in ad-dition to any technical assistance available under section 1116 or available through the Institute of Education Sciences, to support the services and activities described under this section, including for the— 
‘‘(1) development of applications under this 
section; 
‘‘(2) improvement in the quality of imple-
mentation, content of activities, and evalua-tion of activities supported under this sub-part; 
‘‘(3) integration of activities under this 
title with other educational activities estab-lished by the local educational agency; and 
‘‘(4) coordination of activities under this 
title with programs administered by each Federal agency providing grants for the pro-vision of educational and related services.’’. 
SEC. 728. IMPROVEMENT OF EDUCATIONAL OP-
PORTUNITIES FOR INDIAN CHIL-DREN. 
Section 7121(c)(1)(G) (20 U.S.C. 7441(c)(1)(G)) 
is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(G) high-quality early childhood edu-
cation programs that support children’s school readiness, including kindergarten and prekindergarten programs, family-based pre-school programs, and the provision of serv-ices to Indian children with disabilities;’’. 
PART 2—SPECIAL PROGRAMS AND 
PROJECTS TO IMPROVE EDUCATIONAL OPPORTUNITIES FOR INDIAN CHILDREN 
SEC. 731. PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT FOR 
TEACHERS AND EDUCATION PRO-FESSIONALS. 
Section 7122 (20 U.S.C. 7442) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking para-
graphs (1) and (2) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(1) to increase the number of qualified 
and effective Indian teachers and adminis-trators serving Indian students; 
‘‘(2) to provide training to qualified Indian 
individuals to become teachers, administra-tors, social workers, and other educators; and’’; 
(2) by striking subsection (e) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(e) A
PPLICATION .—Each eligible entity de-
siring a grant under this section shall sub-mit an application to the Secretary at such time, in such manner, and accompanied by such information, as the Secretary may rea-sonably require. At a minimum, an applica-tion under this section shall describe how the eligible entity will— 
‘‘(1) recruit qualified Indian individuals, 
such as students who may not be of tradi-tional college age, to become teachers or principals; 
‘‘(2) use funds made available under the 
grant to support the recruitment, prepara-tion, and professional development of Indian teachers or principals in local educational agencies that serve a high proportion of In-dian students; and 
‘‘(3) assist participants in meeting the re-
quirements under subsection (h).’’; and 
(4) by striking subsection (g) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(g) G
RANT PERIOD .—The Secretary shall 
award grants under this section for an initial period of not more than 3 years, and may renew such grants for not more than an addi-tional 2 years if the Secretary finds that the grantee is achieving the objectives of the grant.’’. 
PART 3—NATIONAL ACTIVITIES 
SEC. 741. NATIONAL ACTIVITIES. 
Section 7131(c)(2) (20 U.S.C. 7451(c)(2)) is 
amended by striking ‘‘Office of Indian Edu-cation Programs’’ and inserting ‘‘Bureau of Indian Education’’. 
SEC. 742. IMPROVEMENT OF ACADEMIC SUCCESS 
FOR STUDENTS THROUGH NATIVE AMERICAN LANGUAGE. 
Subpart 3 of part A of title VII (20 U.S.C. 
7451 et seq.) is amended by striking sections 7132 through 7136 and inserting the following: 
‘‘SEC. 7132. IMPROVEMENT OF ACADEMIC SUC-
CESS FOR STUDENTS THROUGH NA-TIVE AMERICAN LANGUAGE. 
‘‘(a) P URPOSE .—It is the purpose of this 
section to improve educational opportunities and academic achievement of Indian and Alaska Native students through Native American language programs and to foster the acquisition of Native American lan-guage. 
‘‘(b) D
EFINITION OF ELIGIBLE ENTITY .—In 
this section, the term ‘eligible entity’ means a State educational agency, local edu-cational agency, Indian tribe, Indian organi-zation, federally supported elementary school or secondary school for Indian stu-dents, Indian institution (including an In-dian institution of higher education), or a consortium of such entities. 
‘‘(c) G
RANTS AUTHORIZED .—The Secretary 
shall award grants to eligible entities to en-able such entities to carry out the following activities: 
‘‘(1) Native American language programs 
that— 
‘‘(A) provide instruction through the use of 
a Native American language for not less than 10 children for an average of not less than 500 hours per year per student; 
‘‘(B) provide for the involvement of par-
ents, caregivers, and families of students en-rolled in the program; 
‘‘(C) utilize, and may include the develop-
ment of, instructional courses and materials for learning Native American languages and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:10 Feb 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00081 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27FE7.011 H27FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1456 February 27, 2015 
for instruction through the use of Native 
American languages; 
‘‘(D) provide support for professional devel-
opment activities; and 
‘‘(E) include a goal of all students achiev-
ing— 
‘‘(i) fluency in a Native American lan-
guage; and 
‘‘(ii) academic proficiency in mathematics, 
English, reading or language arts, and science. 
‘‘(2) Native American language restoration 
programs that— 
‘‘(A) provide instruction in not less than 1 
Native American language; 
‘‘(B) provide support for professional devel-
opment activities for teachers of Native American languages; 
‘‘(C) develop instructional materials for 
the programs; and 
‘‘(D) include the goal of increasing pro-
ficiency and fluency in not less than 1 Native American language. 
‘‘(d) A
PPLICATION .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—An eligible entity that 
desires to receive a grant under this section shall submit an application to the Secretary at such time, in such manner, and accom-panied by such information as the Secretary may require. 
‘‘(2) C
ERTIFICATION .—An eligible entity 
that submits an application for a grant to carry out the activity specified in subsection (c)(1), shall include in such application a cer-tification that assures that such entity has experience and a demonstrated record of ef-fectiveness in operating and administering a Native American language program or any other educational program in which instruc-tion is conducted in a Native American lan-guage. 
‘‘(e) G
RANT DURATION .—The Secretary 
shall award grants under this section for an initial period of not more than 3 years, and may renew such grants for not more than an additional 2 years if the Secretary finds that the grantee is achieving the objectives of the grant. 
‘‘(f) D
EFINITION .—In this section, the term 
‘average’ means the aggregate number of hours of instruction through the use of a Na-tive American language to all students en-rolled in a Native American language pro-gram during a school year divided by the total number of students enrolled in the pro-gram. 
‘‘(g) A
DMINISTRATIVE COSTS.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
paragraph (2), not more than 5 percent of the funds provided to a grantee under this sec-tion for any fiscal year may be used for ad-ministrative purposes. 
‘‘(2) E
XCEPTION .—An elementary school or 
secondary school for Indian students that re-ceives funds from a recipient of a grant under subsection (c) for any fiscal year may use not more than 10 percent of the funds for administrative purposes. 
‘‘SEC. 7133. IMPROVING STATE AND TRIBAL EDU-
CATION AGENCY COLLABORATION. 
‘‘The Secretary, in consultation with the 
Director of the Bureau of Indian Education, shall conduct a study of the relationship among State educational agencies, local edu-cational agencies, and other relevant State and local agencies, and tribes or tribal rep-resentatives to— 
‘‘(1) identify examples of best practices in 
collaboration among those entities that re-sult in the provision of better services to In-dian students; and 
‘‘(2) provide recommendations on— ‘‘(A) State educational agency functions 
that tribal educational agencies could per-form; 
‘‘(B) areas and agency functions in which 
greater State educational agency and tribal education agency collaboration is needed; 
and 
‘‘(C) other steps to reducing barriers to 
serving Indian students, especially such stu-dents who are at risk of academic failure.’’. 
Subtitle B—Native Hawaiian Education; 
Alaska Native Education 
SEC. 751. NATIVE HAWAIIAN EDUCATION AND 
ALASKA NATIVE EDUCATION. 
Title VII (20 U.S.C. 7401 et seq.) is amend-
ed— 
(1) in the heading of part B, by inserting ‘‘ ; 
ALASKA NATIVE EDUCATION ’’ after ‘‘ NATIVE HA -
WAIIAN EDUCATION ’’; and 
(2) by inserting before section 7201 the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘Subpart 1—Native Hawaiian Education’’. 
SEC. 752. FINDINGS. 
Section 7202 (20 U.S.C. 7512) is amended to 
read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 7202. FINDINGS. 
‘‘Congress finds the following: ‘‘(1) Native Hawaiians are a distinct and 
unique indigenous people with a historical continuity to the original inhabitants of the Hawaiian archipelago, whose society was or-ganized as a nation and internationally rec-ognized as a nation by the United States, and many other countries. 
‘‘(2) Native Hawaiians have a cultural, his-
toric, and land-based link to the indigenous people who exercised sovereignty over the Hawaiian Islands. 
‘‘(3) The political status of Native Hawai-
ians is comparable to that of American Indi-ans and Alaska Natives. 
‘‘(4) The political relationship between the 
United States and the Native Hawaiian peo-ple has been recognized and reaffirmed by the United States, as evidenced by the inclu-sion of Native Hawaiians in many Federal statutes, including— 
‘‘(A) the Native American Programs Act of 
1974 (42 U.S.C. 2991 et seq.); 
‘‘(B) Public Law 95–341 (commonly known 
as the ‘American Indian Religious Freedom Act’ (42 U.S.C. 1996)); 
‘‘(C) the National Museum of the American 
Indian Act (20 U.S.C. 80q et seq.); 
‘‘(D) the Native American Graves Protec-
tion and Repatriation Act (25 U.S.C. 3001 et seq.); 
‘‘(E) the National Historic Preservation 
Act (16 U.S.C. 470 et seq.); 
‘‘(F) the Native American Languages Act 
(25 U.S.C. 2901 et seq.); 
‘‘(G) the American Indian, Alaska Native, 
and Native Hawaiian Culture and Art Devel-opment Act (20 U.S.C. 4401 et seq.); 
‘‘(H) the Workforce Investment Act of 1998 
(29 U.S.C. 2801 et seq.); and 
‘‘(I) the Older Americans Act of 1965 (42 
U.S.C. 3001 et seq.). 
‘‘(5) Many Native Hawaiian students lag 
behind other students in terms of— 
‘‘(A) school readiness factors; ‘‘(B) scoring below national norms on edu-
cation achievement tests at all grade levels; 
‘‘(C) underrepresentation in the uppermost 
achievement levels and in gifted and tal-ented programs; 
‘‘(D) overrepresentation among students 
qualifying for special education programs; 
‘‘(E) underrepresentation in institutions of 
higher education and among adults who have completed 4 or more years of college. 
‘‘(6) The percentage of Native Hawaiian 
students served by the State of Hawaii De-partment of Education rose 30 percent from 1980 to 2008, and there are and will continue to be geographically rural, isolated areas with a high Native Hawaiian population den-sity. 
‘‘(7) The Native Hawaiian people are deter-
mined to preserve, develop, and transmit to future generations their ancestral territory and their cultural identity in accordance 
with their own spiritual and traditional be-liefs, customs, practices, language, and so-cial institutions.’’. 
SEC. 753. PURPOSES. 
Section 7203 (20 U.S.C. 7513) is amended to 
read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 7203. PURPOSES. 
‘‘The purposes of this part are— ‘‘(1) to develop, implement, assess, and 
evaluate innovative educational programs to improve the academic achievement of Native Hawaiian students by meeting their unique cultural and language needs in order to help such students meet State academic content and achievement standards as described in section 1111(b); 
‘‘(2) to provide guidance to appropriate 
Federal, State, and local agencies to more effectively and efficiently focus resources, including resources made available under this part, on the development and implemen-tation of— 
‘‘(A) innovative educational programs for 
Native Hawaiians; 
‘‘(B) rigorous and substantive Native Ha-
waiian language programs; and 
‘‘(C) Native Hawaiian culture-based edu-
cational programs; and 
‘‘(3) to create a system by which informa-
tion from programs funded under this part will be collected, analyzed, evaluated, re-ported, and used in decisionmaking activi-ties regarding the types of grants awarded under this part.’’. 
SEC. 754. NATIVE HAWAIIAN EDUCATION COUN-
CIL GRANT. 
Section 7204 (20 U.S.C. 7514) is amended to 
read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 7204. NATIVE HAWAIIAN EDUCATION COUN-
CIL GRANT. 
‘‘(a) G RANT AUTHORIZED .—In order to carry 
out the purposes of this part the Secretary shall award a grant to an education council, as described under subsection (b). 
‘‘(b) E
DUCATION COUNCIL .— 
‘‘(1) E LIGIBILITY .—To be eligible to receive 
the grant under subsection (a), the council shall be an education council (referred to in this section as the ‘Education Council’) that meets the requirements of this subsection. 
‘‘(2) C
OMPOSITION .—The Education Council 
shall consist of 15 members of whom— 
‘‘(A) 1 shall be the President of the Univer-
sity of Hawaii (or a designee); 
‘‘(B) 1 shall be the Governor of the State of 
Hawaii (or a designee); 
‘‘(C) 1 shall be the Superintendent of the 
State of Hawaii Department of Education (or a designee); 
‘‘(D) 1 shall be the chairperson of the Office 
of Hawaiian Affairs (or a designee); 
‘‘(E) 1 shall be the executive director of Ha-
waii’s Charter School Network (or a des-ignee); 
‘‘(F) 1 shall be the chief executive officer of 
the Kamehameha Schools (or a designee); 
‘‘(G) 1 shall be the chairperson of the 
Queen Liliuokalani Trust (or a designee); 
‘‘(H) 1 shall be a member, selected by the 
other members of the Education Council, who represents a private grant-making enti-ty; 
‘‘(I) 1 shall be the Mayor of the County of 
Hawaii (or a designee); 
‘‘(J) 1 shall be the Mayor of Maui County 
(or a designee from the Island of Maui); 
‘‘(K) 1 shall be the Mayor of the County of 
Kauai (or a designee); 
‘‘(L) 1 shall be appointed by the Mayor of 
Maui County from the Island of either Molokai or Lanai; 
‘‘(M) 1 shall be the Mayor of the City and 
County of Honolulu (or a designee); 
‘‘(N) 1 shall be the chairperson of the Ha-
waiian Homes Commission (or a designee); and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:10 Feb 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00082 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27FE7.011 H27FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1457 February 27, 2015 
‘‘(O) 1 shall be the chairperson of the Ha-
waii Workforce Development Council (or a designee representing the private sector). 
‘‘(3) R
EQUIREMENTS .—Any designee serving 
on the Education Council shall demonstrate, as determined by the individual who ap-pointed such designee with input from the Native Hawaiian community, not less than 5 years of experience as a consumer or pro-vider of Native Hawaiian education or cul-tural activities, with traditional cultural ex-perience given due consideration. 
‘‘(4) L
IMITATION .—A member (including a 
designee), while serving on the Education Council, shall not be a recipient of grant funds that are awarded under this part. 
‘‘(5) T
ERM OF MEMBERS .—A member who is 
a designee shall serve for a term of not more than 4 years. 
‘‘(6) C
HAIR, VICE CHAIR .— 
‘‘(A) S ELECTION .—The Education Council 
shall select a Chair and a Vice Chair from among the members of the Education Coun-cil. 
‘‘(B) T
ERM LIMITS .—The Chair and Vice 
Chair shall each serve for a 2-year term. 
‘‘(7) A DMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS RELATING  
TO EDUCATION COUNCIL .—The Education Coun-
cil shall meet at the call of the Chair of the Council, or upon request by a majority of the members of the Education Council, but in any event not less often than every 120 days. 
‘‘(8) N
O COMPENSATION .—None of the funds 
made available through the grant may be used to provide compensation to any member of the Education Council or member of a working group established by the Education Council, for functions described in this sec-tion. 
‘‘(c) U
SE OF FUNDS .—The Education Coun-
cil shall use funds made available through the grant to carry out each of the following activities: 
‘‘(1) Providing advice about the coordina-
tion of, and serving as a clearinghouse for, the educational services and programs for Native Hawaiians. 
‘‘(2) Providing direction and guidance, such 
as through the issuance of reports and rec-ommendations, to appropriate Federal, State, and local agencies in order to focus and improve the use of resources relating to Native Hawaiian education. 
‘‘(3) provide technical assistance to Native 
Hawaiian organizations that are grantees or potential grantees under this part; 
‘‘(4) assessing and evaluating the indi-
vidual and aggregate impact of grants and activities funded under this part and how well they meet the needs of Native Hawai-ians, including information and data about— 
‘‘(A) the effectiveness of such grantees in 
meeting the educational priorities estab-lished by the Education Council, as described in paragraph (6)(D), using metrics related to these priorities; and 
‘‘(B) the effectiveness of such grantees in 
carrying out any of the activities described in section 7205(c) that are related to the spe-cific goals and purposes of each grantee’s grant project, using metrics related to these priorities; 
‘‘(5) assess and define the educational 
needs of Native Hawaiians; and 
‘‘(6) may use funds to hire an executive di-
rector to enable the Council to carry out the activities described in this subsection. 
‘‘(e) U
SE OF FUNDS FOR COMMUNITY CON-
SULTATIONS .—The Education Council shall 
use funds made available though the grant under subsection (a) to hold not less than 1 community consultation each year on each of the islands of Hawaii, Maui, Molokai, Lanai, Oahu, and Kauai, at which— 
‘‘(1) not less than 3 members of the Edu-
cation Council shall be in attendance; 
‘‘(2) the Education Council shall gather 
community input regarding— ‘‘(A) current grantees under this part, as of 
the date of the consultation; 
‘‘(B) priorities and needs of Native Hawai-
ians; and 
‘‘(C) other Native Hawaiian education 
issues; and 
‘‘(3) the Education Council shall report to 
the community on the outcomes of the ac-tivities supported by grants awarded under this part. 
‘‘(f) R
EPORTS .— 
‘‘(1) A NNUAL EDUCATION COUNCIL REPORT .— 
The Education Council shall use funds made available through the grant under this sec-tion to prepare and submit to the Secretary, before the end of each calendar year, annual reports that contain— 
‘‘(A) a description of the activities of the 
Education Council during the preceding cal-endar year; 
‘‘(B) recommendations of the Education 
Council, if any, regarding priorities to be es-tablished under section 7205(b); 
‘‘(C) significant barriers to achieving the 
goals under this subpart; 
‘‘(D) a summary of each community con-
sultation session, as described in subsection (d); and 
‘‘(E) recommendations to establish funding 
priorities based on an assessment of— 
‘‘(i) the educational needs of Native Hawai-
ians; 
‘‘(ii) programs and services currently 
available to address such needs, including the effectiveness of such programs in im-proving educational performance of Native Hawaiians; and 
‘‘(iii) priorities for funding in specific geo-
graphic communities. 
‘‘(2) R
EPORT BY THE SECRETARY .—Not later 
than 2 years after the date of enactment of the Student Success Act, the Secretary shall prepare and submit to the Committee on In-dian Affairs of the Senate and the author-izing committees a report that— 
‘‘(A) summarizes the annual reports of the 
Education Council; 
‘‘(B) describes the allocation and use of 
funds under this subpart and the information gathered since the first annual report sub-mitted by the Education Council to the Sec-retary under this section; and 
‘‘(C) contains recommendations for 
changes in Federal, State, and local policy to advance the purposes of this subpart. 
‘‘(g) F
UNDING .—For each fiscal year, the 
Secretary shall use the amount described in section 7206(d)(2), to make a payment under the grant. Funds made available through the grant shall remain available until ex-pended.’’. 
SEC. 755. GRANT PROGRAM AUTHORIZED. 
Section 7205 (20 U.S.C. 7515 et seq.) is 
amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 7205. GRANT PROGRAM AUTHORIZED. 
‘‘(a) G RANTS AND CONTRACTS .—In order to 
carry out programs that meet the purposes of this part, the Secretary is authorized to award grants to, or enter into contracts with— 
‘‘(1) Native Hawaiian educational organiza-
tions; 
‘‘(2) Native Hawaiian community-based or-
ganizations; 
‘‘(3) public and private nonprofit organiza-
tions, agencies, and institutions with experi-ence in developing or operating Native Ha-waiian education and workforce development programs or programs of instruction in the Native Hawaiian language; 
‘‘(4) charter schools; or ‘‘(5) consortia of the organizations, agen-
cies, and institutions described in para-graphs (1) through (4). 
‘‘(b) P
RIORITY .—In awarding grants and en-
tering into contracts under this part, the Secretary shall give priority to— ‘‘(1) programs that meet the educational 
priority recommendations of the Education Council, as described under section 7204(d)(6)(E); 
‘‘(2) programs designed to improve the aca-
demic achievement of Native Hawaiian stu-dents by meeting their unique cultural and language needs in order to help such stu-dents meet State academic content and achievement standards as described in Sec-tion 1111(b) including the use of Native Ha-waiian language and preservation or rec-lamation of Native Hawaiian culture-based educational practices; and 
‘‘(3) programs in which a local educational 
agency, institution of higher education, or a State educational agency apply for a grant or contract as part of a partnership or con-sortium with a nonprofit entity serving un-derserved communities within the Native Hawaiian population. 
‘‘(c) A
UTHORIZED ACTIVITIES .—Activities 
provided through programs carried out under this part may include— 
‘‘(1) the development and maintenance of a 
statewide Native Hawaiian early education system to provide a continuum of high-qual-ity early learning services for Native Hawai-ian children; 
‘‘(2) the operation of family-based edu-
cation centers that provide such services as— 
‘‘(A) programs for Native Hawaiian parents 
and students; 
‘‘(B) early education programs for Native 
Hawaiians; and 
‘‘(C) research on, and development and as-
sessment of, family-based, early childhood, and preschool programs for Native Hawai-ians; 
‘‘(3) activities that enhance beginning 
reading and literacy in either the Hawaiian or the English language among Native Ha-waiian students; 
‘‘(4) activities to meet the special needs of 
Native Hawaiian students with disabilities, including— 
‘‘(A) the identification of such students 
and their needs; 
‘‘(B) the provision of support services to 
the families of such students; and 
‘‘(C) other activities consistent with the 
requirements of the Individuals with Disabil-ities Education Act; 
‘‘(5) activities that address the special 
needs of Native Hawaiian students who are gifted and talented, including— 
‘‘(A) educational, psychological, and devel-
opmental activities designed to assist in the educational progress of such students; and 
‘‘(B) activities that involve the parents of 
such students in a manner designed to assist in the educational progress of such students; 
‘‘(6) the development of academic and vo-
cational curricula to address the needs of Native Hawaiian students, including cur-ricular materials in the Hawaiian language and mathematics and science curricula that incorporate Native Hawaiian tradition and culture; 
‘‘(7) professional development activities for 
educators, including— 
‘‘(A) the development of programs to pre-
pare prospective teachers to address the unique needs of Native Hawaiian students within the context of Native Hawaiian cul-ture, language, and traditions; 
‘‘(B) in-service programs to improve the 
ability of teachers who teach in schools with high concentrations of Native Hawaiian stu-dents to meet the unique needs of such stu-dents; and 
‘‘(C) the recruitment and preparation of 
Native Hawaiians, and other individuals who live in communities with a high concentra-tion of Native Hawaiians, to become teach-ers; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:10 Feb 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00083 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27FE7.011 H27FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1458 February 27, 2015 
‘‘(8) the operation of community-based 
learning centers that address the needs of Native Hawaiian students, parents, families, and communities through the coordination of public and private programs and services, including— 
‘‘(A) early education programs; ‘‘(B) before, after, and Summer school pro-
grams, expanded learning time, or weekend academies; 
‘‘(C) career and technical education pro-
grams; and 
‘‘(D) programs that recognize and support 
the unique cultural and educational needs of Native Hawaiian children, and incorporate appropriately qualified Native Hawaiian el-ders and seniors; 
‘‘(9) activities, including program co-loca-
tion, that ensure Native Hawaiian students graduate college and career ready includ-ing— 
‘‘(A) family literacy services; ‘‘(B) counseling, guidance, and support 
services for students; and 
‘‘(C) professional development activities 
designed to help educators improve the col-lege and career readiness of Native Hawaiian students; 
‘‘(10) research and data collection activi-
ties to determine the educational status and needs of Native Hawaiian children and adults; 
‘‘(11) other research and evaluation activi-
ties related to programs carried out under this part; and 
‘‘(12) other activities, consistent with the 
purposes of this part, to meet the edu-cational needs of Native Hawaiian children and adults. 
‘‘(d) A
DDITIONAL ACTIVITIES .—Notwith-
standing any other provision of this part, funds made available to carry out this sec-tion as of the day before the date of enact-ment of the Student Success Act shall re-main available until expended. The Sec-retary may use such funds to support the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(1) The repair and renovation of public 
schools that serve high concentrations of Na-tive Hawaiian students. 
‘‘(2) The perpetuation of, and expansion of 
access to, Hawaiian culture and history, such as through digital archives. 
‘‘(3) Informal education programs that pro-
mote traditional Hawaiian knowledge, science, astronomy, and the environment through State museums or learning centers. 
‘‘(4) Public charter schools serving high 
concentrations of Native Hawaiian students. 
‘‘(e) A
DMINISTRATIVE COSTS.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
paragraph (2), not more than 5 percent of funds provided to a recipient of a grant or contract under this section for any fiscal year may be used for administrative pur-poses. 
‘‘(2) E
XCEPTION .—The Secretary may waive 
the requirement of paragraph (1) for a non-profit entity that receives funding under this section and allow not more than 10 percent of funds provided to such nonprofit entity under this section for any fiscal year to be used for administrative purposes.’’. 
SEC. 756. ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS; AU-
THORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
Section 7206 (20 U.S.C. 7516) is amended to 
read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 7206. ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS. 
‘‘(a) A PPLICATION REQUIRED .—No grant may 
be made under this part, and no contract may be entered into under this part, unless the entity seeking the grant or contract sub-mits an application to the Secretary at such time, in such manner, and containing such information as the Secretary may determine to be necessary to carry out the provisions of this part. ‘‘(b) D
IRECT GRANT APPLICATIONS .—The 
Secretary shall provide a copy of all direct grant applications to the Education Council. 
‘‘(c) S
UPPLEMENT NOTSUPPLANT .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
paragraph (2), funds made available under this part shall be used to supplement, and not supplant, any State or local funds used to achieve the purposes of this part. 
‘‘(2) E
XCEPTION .—Paragraph (1) shall not 
apply to any nonprofit entity or Native Ha-waiian community-based organization that receives a grant or other funds under this part. 
‘‘(d) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—There are authorized to 
be appropriated to carry out this section, and sections 7204 and 7205, such sums as may be necessary for fiscal year 2016 and each of the 5 succeeding fiscal years. 
‘‘(2) R
ESERVATION .—Of the funds appro-
priated under this subsection, the Secretary shall reserve, for each fiscal year after the date of enactment of the Student Success Act not less than $500,000 for the grant to the Education Council under section 7204. 
‘‘(3) A
VAILABILITY .—Funds appropriated 
under this subsection shall remain available until expended.’’. 
SEC. 757. DEFINITIONS. 
Section 7207 (20 U.S.C. 7517) is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (1) through 
(6) as paragraphs (2) through (7), respec-tively; and 
(2) by inserting before paragraph (2) (as re-
designated by paragraph (1)) the following: 
‘‘(1) C
OMMUNITY CONSULTATION .—The term 
‘community consultation’ means a public gathering— 
‘‘(A) to discuss Native Hawaiian education 
concerns; and 
‘‘(B) about which the public has been given 
not less than 30 days notice.’’. 
SEC. 758. ALASKA NATIVE EDUCATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subpart B of title VII (20 
U.S.C. 7511 et seq.) is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘Subpart C—Alaska Native Education 
‘‘SEC. 7301. SHORT TITLE. 
‘‘This part may be cited as the ″Alaska Na-
tive Educational Equity, Support, and As-sistance Act 
‘‘SEC. 7302. FINDINGS. 
‘‘Congress finds and declares the following: 
‘‘(1) It is the policy of the Federal Govern-
ment to maximize the leadership of and par-ticipation by Alaska Native peoples in the planning and the management of Alaska Na-tive education programs and to support ef-forts developed by and undertaken within the Alaska Native community to improve educational opportunity for all students. 
‘‘(2) Many Alaska Native children enter 
and exit school with serious educational dis-advantages. 
‘‘(3) Overcoming the magnitude of the geo-
graphic challenges, historical inequities, and other barriers to successfully improving edu-cational outcomes for Alaska Native stu-dents in rural, village, and urban settings is challenging. Significant disparities between academic achievement of Alaska Native stu-dents and non-Native students continues, in-cluding lower graduation rates, increased school dropout rates, and lower achievement scores on standardized tests. 
‘‘(4) The preservation of Alaska Native cul-
tures and languages and the integration of Alaska Native cultures and languages into education, positive identity development for Alaska Native students, and local, place- based, and culture-based programming are critical to the attainment of educational success and the long-term well-being of Alas-ka Native students. 
‘‘(5) Improving educational outcomes for 
Alaska Native students increases access to employment opportunities. ‘‘(6) The programs and activities author-
ized under this part give priority to Alaska Native organizations as a means of increas-ing Alaska Native parents’ and community involvement in the promotion of academic success of Alaska Native students. 
‘‘(7) The Federal Government should lend 
support to efforts developed by and under-taken within the Alaska Native community to improve educational opportunity for Alas-ka Native students. In 1983, pursuant to Pub-lic Law 98–63, Alaska ceased to receive edu-cational funding from the Bureau of Indian Affairs. The Bureau of Indian Education does not operate any schools in Alaska, nor oper-ate or fund Alaska Native education pro-grams. The program under this part supports the Federal trust responsibility of the United States to Alaska Natives. 
‘‘SEC. 7303. PURPOSES. 
‘‘The purposes of this part are as follows: ‘‘(1) To recognize and address the unique 
educational needs of Alaska Natives in order to help such students meet State academic content and achievement standards as de-scribed in 1111(b). 
‘‘(2) To recognize the role of Alaska Native 
languages and cultures in the educational success and long-term well-being of Alaska Native students. 
‘‘(3) To integrate Alaska Native cultures 
and languages into education, develop Alas-ka Native students’ positive identity, and support local place-based and culture-based curriculum and programming. 
‘‘(4) To authorize the development, man-
agement, and expansion of effective supple-mental educational programs to benefit Alaska Native people. 
‘‘(5) To provide direction and guidance to 
appropriate Federal, State, and local agen-cies to focus resources, including resources made available under this part, on meeting the educational needs of Alaska Natives. 
‘‘(6) To ensure the maximum participation 
by Alaska Native educators and leaders in the planning, development, implementation, management, and evaluation of programs de-signed to serve Alaska Natives students, and to ensure Alaska Native organizations play a meaningful role in providing supplemental educational services to Alaska Native stu-dents. 
‘‘SEC. 7304. PROGRAM AUTHORIZED. 
‘‘(a) G ENERAL AUTHORITY .— 
‘‘(1) G RANTS AND CONTRACTS .—To carry out 
programs that meet the purposes of this sub-part, the Secretary is authorized to make grants to, or enter into contracts with: 
‘‘(A) Alaska Native Organizations; and ‘‘(B) Alaska Native Organizations that are 
in partnership with State educational agen-cies and local educational agencies. 
‘‘(2) M
ANDATORY ACTIVITIES .—Activities 
provided through the programs carried out under this part shall include the following which shall only be provided specifically in the context of elementary and secondary education: 
‘‘(A) The development and implementation 
of plans, methods, strategies, and activities to improve the academic achievement of Alaska Native students by meeting their 
unique cultural and language needs in order to help such students meet State academic content and achievement standards as de-scribed in section 1111(b). 
‘‘(B) The collection of data to assist in the 
evaluation of the programs carried out under this part. 
‘‘(3) P
ERMISSIBLE ACTIVITIES .—Activities 
provided through programs carried out under this part may include the following which shall only be provided specifically in the context of elementary and secondary edu-cation: 
‘‘(A) The development of curricula and pro-
grams that address the educational needs of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:10 Feb 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00084 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27FE7.011 H27FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1459 February 27, 2015 
Alaska Native students, including the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(i) Curriculum materials that reflect the 
cultural diversity, languages, history, or the contributions of Alaska Native people. 
‘‘(ii) Instructional programs that make use 
of Alaska Native languages and cultures. 
‘‘(iii) Networks that develop, test, and dis-
seminate best practices and introduce suc-cessful programs, materials, and techniques to meet the educational needs of Alaska Na-tive students in urban and rural schools. 
‘‘(iv) Methods to evaluate teachers’ inclu-
sion of diverse Alaska Native cultures in their lesson plans. 
‘‘(B) Training and professional develop-
ment activities for educators, including the following: 
‘‘(i) Pre-service and in-service training and 
professional development programs to pre-pare teachers to develop appreciation for, and understanding of, Alaska Native history, cultures, values, ways of knowing and learn-ing in order to effectively address the cul-tural diversity and unique needs of Alaska Native students and incorporate them into lesson plans. 
‘‘(ii) Recruitment and preparation of Alas-
ka Natives, and other individuals who live in communities with high a concentration of Alaska Natives, to become teachers. 
‘‘(iii) Programs that will lead to the cer-
tification and licensing of Alaska Native teachers, principals, and superintendents. 
‘‘(C) The development and operation of stu-
dent enrichment programs, including those in science, technology, engineering, and mathematics that— 
‘‘(i) are designed to prepare Alaska Native 
students to excel in such subjects; 
‘‘(ii) provide appropriate support services 
to enable such students to benefit from the programs; and 
‘‘(iii) include activities that recognize and 
support the unique cultural and educational needs of Alaska Native children, and incor-porate appropriately qualified Alaska Native elders and other tradition bearers. 
‘‘(D) Research and data collection activi-
ties to determine the educational status and needs of Alaska Native children and other such research and evaluation activities re-lated to programs funded under this subpart. 
‘‘(E) Activities designed to increase Alaska 
Native students’ graduation rates and pre-pare Alaska Native students to be college or career ready upon graduation from high school, such as— 
‘‘(i) Remedial and enrichment programs; 
and 
‘‘(ii) Culturally based education programs 
such as— 
‘‘(I) programs of study and other instruc-
tion in Alaska Native history and ways of living to share the rich and diverse cultures of Alaska Native peoples among Alaska Na-tive youth and elders, non-Native students, teachers, and the larger community; 
‘‘(II) instructing Alaska Native youth in 
leadership, communication, Native culture, music and the arts, and languages; 
‘‘(III) providing instruction in Alaska Na-
tive history and ways of living to students and teachers in the local school district; 
‘‘(IV) intergenerational learning and in-
ternship opportunities to Alaska Native youth and young adults; 
‘‘(V) cultural immersion activities. ‘‘(VI) culturally-informed curriculum in-
tended to preserve and promote Alaska Na-tive culture; 
‘‘(VII) Native language immersion activi-
ties; and 
‘‘(VIII) school-within-a-school model pro-
grams. 
‘‘(G) Student and teacher exchange pro-
grams, cross-cultural immersion programs, and culture camps designed to build mutual respect and understanding among partici-
pants. 
‘‘(H) Education programs for at-risk urban 
Alaska Native students that are designed to improve academic proficiency and gradua-tion rates, utilize strategies otherwise per-missible under this subpart, and incorporate a strong data collection and continuous eval-uation component. 
‘‘(I) Programs and strategies that provide 
technical assistance and support to schools and communities to engage adults in pro-moting the academic progress and overall well-being of Alaska Native people such as through child and youth development, posi-tive youth-adult relationships, improved conditions for learning (school climate, stu-dent connection to school and community), and increased connections between schools and families. 
‘‘(J) Career preparation activities to en-
able Alaska Native children and adults to prepare for meaningful employment, includ-ing programs providing tech-prep, men-toring, training, and apprenticeship activi-ties. 
‘‘(K) Support for the development and 
operational activities of regional vocational schools in rural areas of Alaska to provide students with necessary resources to prepare for skilled employment opportunities. 
‘‘(L) Regional leadership academies that 
demonstrate effectiveness in building re-spect, understanding, and fostering a sense of Alaska Native identity to promote their pursuit of and success in completing higher education or career training. 
‘‘(M) Strategies designed to increase par-
ents’ involvement in their children’s edu-cation. 
‘‘(N) other activities consistent with the 
purpose of this part, to meet the educational needs of Alaska Native children and adults. 
‘‘(b) L
IMITATION ON ADMINISTRATIVE  
COSTS.—Not more than 5 percent of funds 
provided to an award recipient under this part for any fiscal year may be used for ad-ministrative purposes. 
‘‘(c) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
There are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this part such sums as may be nec-essary for the fiscal years 2016 through 2020. 
‘‘SEC. 7305. ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS. 
‘‘(a) A PPLICATION REQUIRED .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—No grant may be made 
under this part, and no contract may be en-tered into under this part, unless the Alaska Native Organization seeking the grant or contract submits an application to the Sec-retary in such time, in such manner, and containing such information as the Sec-retary may determine necessary to carry out the provisions of this part. 
‘‘(b) C
ONSULTATION REQUIRED .—Each appli-
cant for an award under this part shall pro-vide for ongoing advice from and consulta-tion with representatives of the Alaska Na-tive community. 
‘‘(c) L
OCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCY COORDINA -
TION.—Each applicant for an award under 
this part shall inform each local educational agency serving students who would partici-pate in the program to be carried out under the grant or contract about the application. 
‘‘(d) C
ONTINUATION AWARDS .—An applicant 
described in section 6204(a)(2) that receives funding under this part shall periodically demonstrate to the Secretary, during the term of the award, that the applicant is con-tinuing to play the lead role in its partner-ship and in the implementation and evalua-tion of the funded program. 
‘‘SEC. 7306. DEFINITIONS. 
‘‘In this part: ‘‘(1) A
LASKA NATIVE .—The term ‘Alaska 
Native’ has the same meaning as the term ‘Native ’ has in section 3(b) of the Alaska Na-tive Claims Settlement Act and their de-
scendants. 
‘‘(2) A
LASKA NATIVE ORGANIZATION .—The 
term ‘Alaska Native 0rganization’ means a federally recognized tribe or a tribal organi-zation (as the terms are defined by the In-dian Self-Determination and Education As-sistance Act (25 U.S.C. 450b)), and a consor-tium of such entities, that— 
‘‘(A) has expertise or traditional knowl-
edge that is relevant to the purposes and ac-tivities described in this part; and 
‘‘(B) has Alaska Native people in sub-
stantive, policymaking, and leadership posi-tions within the organization.’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Part C of 
title VII (20 U.S.C. 7541 et seq.) is repealed. 
TITLE VIII—IMPACT AID 
SEC. 801. PURPOSE. 
Section 8001 (20 U.S.C. 7701) is amended by 
striking ‘‘challenging State standards’’ and inserting ‘‘State academic standards’’. 
SEC. 802. PAYMENTS RELATING TO FEDERAL AC-
QUISITION OF REAL PROPERTY. 
Section 8002 (20 U.S.C. 7702) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (b)(1)(B), by striking ‘‘sec-
tion 8014(a)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 3(d)(1)’’; and 
(2) by amending subsection (f) to read as 
follows: 
‘‘(f) S
PECIAL RULE.—Beginning with fiscal 
year 2016, a local educational agency shall be deemed to meet the requirements of sub-section (a)(1)(C) if records to determine eligi-bility under such subsection were destroyed prior to fiscal year 2000 and the agency re-ceived funds under subsection (b) in the pre-vious year.’’; 
(3) by amending subsection (g) to read as 
follows: 
‘‘(g) F
ORMER DISTRICTS .— 
‘‘(1) C ONSOLIDATIONS .—For fiscal year 2006 
and each succeeding fiscal year, if a local educational agency described in paragraph (2) is formed at any time after 1938 by the consolidation of two or more former school districts, the local educational agency may elect to have the Secretary determine its eli-gibility and any amount for which the local educational agency is eligible under this sec-tion for such fiscal year on the basis of one or more of those former districts, as des-ignated by the local educational agency. 
‘‘(2) E
LIGIBLE LOCAL EDUCATIONAL AGEN -
CIES.—A local educational agency described 
in this paragraph is— 
‘‘(A) any local educational agency that, for 
fiscal year 1994 or any preceding fiscal year, applied for, and was determined to be eligi-ble under section 2(c) of the Act of Sep-tember 30, 1950 (Public Law 874, 81st Con-gress) as that section was in effect for that fiscal year; or 
‘‘(B) a local educational agency formed by 
the consolidation of 2 or more school dis-tricts, at least one of which was eligible for assistance under this section for the fiscal year preceding the year of the consolidation, if— 
‘‘(i) for fiscal years 2006 through 2015, the 
local educational agency notifies the Sec-retary not later than 30 days after the date of enactment of the Student Success Act of the designation described in paragraph (1); and 
‘‘(ii) for fiscal year 2016, and each subse-
quent fiscal year, the local educational agen-cy includes the designation in its application under section 8005 or any timely amendment to such application. 
‘‘(3) A
VAILABILITY OF FUNDS .—Notwith-
standing any other provision of law limiting the period during which the Secretary may obligate funds appropriated for any fiscal year after fiscal year 2005, the Secretary may obligate funds remaining after final pay-ments have been made for any of such fiscal years to carry out this subsection.’’; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:10 Feb 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00085 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27FE7.011 H27FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1460 February 27, 2015 
(4) in subsection (h)— 
(A) in paragraph (2)— (i) in subparagraph (C)(ii), by striking 
‘‘section 8014(a)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 3(d)(1)’’; and 
(ii) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘sec-
tion 8014(a)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 3(d)(1)’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘Impact 
Aid Improvement Act of 2012’’ and inserting ‘‘Student Success Act’’; 
(5) by repealing subsection (k); (6) by redesignating subsection (l) as sub-
section (k); 
(7) by amending subsection (k) (as so redes-
ignated) by striking ‘‘(h)(4)(B)’’ and inserting ‘‘(h)(2)’’; 
(8) by repealing subsection (m); and (9) by redesignating subsection (n) as sub-
section (j). 
SEC. 803. PAYMENTS FOR ELIGIBLE FEDERALLY 
CONNECTED CHILDREN. 
(a) C OMPUTATION OF PAYMENT .—Section 
8003(a) (20 U.S.C. 7703(a)) is amended— 
(1) in the matter preceding subparagraph 
(A) of paragraph (1), by inserting after ‘‘schools of such agency’’ the following: ‘‘(in-cluding those children enrolled in such agen-cy as a result of the open enrollment policy of the State in which the agency is located, but not including children who are enrolled in a distance education program at such agency and who are not residing within the geographic boundaries of such agency)’’; and 
(2) in paragraph (5)(A), by striking ‘‘1984’’ 
and all that follows through ‘‘situated’’ and inserting ‘‘1984, or under lease of off-base property under subchapter IV of chapter 169 of title 10, United States Code, to be children described under paragraph (1)(B) if the prop-erty described is within the fenced security perimeter of the military facility or at-
tached to and under any type of force protec-tion agreement with the military installa-tion upon which such housing is situated.’’ 
(b) B
ASIC SUPPORT PAYMENTS FOR HEAVILY  
IMPACTED LOCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCIES .— 
Section 8003(b) (20 U.S.C. 7703(b)) is amend-ed— 
(1) by striking ‘‘section 8014(b)’’ each place 
it appears and inserting ‘‘section 3(d)(2)’’; 
(2) in paragraph (1), by repealing subpara-
graph (E); 
(3) in paragraph (2)— (A) in subparagraph (B)— (i) by striking ‘‘
CONTINUING ’’ in the head-
ing; 
(ii) by amending clause (i) to read as fol-
lows: 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—A heavily impacted local 
educational agency is eligible to receive a basic support payment under subparagraph (A) with respect to a number of children de-termined under subsection (a)(1) if the agen-cy— 
‘‘(I) is a local educational agency— ‘‘(aa) whose boundaries are the same as a 
Federal military installation or an island property designated by the Secretary of the Interior to be property that is held in trust by the Federal Government; and 
‘‘(bb) that has no taxing authority; ‘‘(II) is a local educational agency that— ‘‘(aa) has an enrollment of children de-
scribed in subsection (a)(1) that constitutes a percentage of the total student enrollment of the agency that is not less than 45 percent; 
‘‘(bb) has a per-pupil expenditure that is 
less than— 
‘‘(AA) for an agency that has a total stu-
dent enrollment of 500 or more students, 125 percent of the average per-pupil expenditure of the State in which the agency is located; or 
‘‘(BB) for any agency that has a total stu-
dent enrollment less than 500, 150 percent of the average per-pupil expenditure of the State in which the agency is located or the average per-pupil expenditure of 3 or more 
comparable local educational agencies in the State in which the agency is located; and 
‘‘(cc) is an agency that has a tax rate for 
general fund purposes that is not less than 95 percent of the average tax rate for general fund purposes of comparable local edu-cational agencies in the State; 
‘‘(III) is a local educational agency that— ‘‘(aa) has an enrollment of children de-
scribed in subsection (a)(1) that constitutes a percentage of the total student enrollment of the agency that is not less than 20 percent; 
‘‘(bb) for the 3 fiscal years preceding the 
fiscal year for which the determination is made, the average enrollment of children who are not described in subsection (a)(1) and who are eligible for a free or reduced price lunch under the Richard B. Russell Na-tional School Lunch Act constitutes a per-centage of the total student enrollment of the agency that is not less than 65 percent; and 
‘‘(cc) has a tax rate for general fund pur-
poses which is not less than 125 percent of the average tax rate for general fund pur-poses for comparable local educational agen-cies in the State; 
‘‘(IV) is a local educational agency that 
has a total student enrollment of not less than 25,000 students, of which— 
‘‘(aa) not less than 50 percent are children 
described in subsection (a)(1); and 
‘‘(bb) not less than 5,000 of such children 
are children described in subparagraphs (A) and (B) of subsection (a)(1); or 
‘‘(V) is a local educational agency that— ‘‘(aa) has an enrollment of children de-
scribed in subsection (a)(1) including, for purposes of determining eligibility, those children described in subparagraphs (F) and (G) of such subsection, that is not less than 35 percent of the total student enrollment of the agency; and 
‘‘(bb) was eligible to receive assistance 
under subparagraph (A) for fiscal year 2001.’’; and 
(iii) in clause (ii)— (I) by striking ‘‘A heavily’’ and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(I) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to subclause (II), 
a heavily’’; and 
(II) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(II) L
OSS OF ELIGIBILITY DUE TO FALLING  
BELOW 95 PERCENT OF THE AVERAGE TAX RATE  
FOR GENERAL FUND PURPOSES .—In a case of a 
heavily impacted local educational agency that fails to meet the requirements of clause (i) for a fiscal year by reason of having a tax rate for general fund purposes that falls below 95 percent of the average tax rate for 
general fund purposes of comparable local educational agencies in the State, subclause (I) shall be applied as if ‘and the subsequent fiscal year’ were inserted before the period at the end.’’; 
(B) by striking subparagraph (C); (C) by redesignating subparagraphs (D) 
through (H) as subparagraphs (C) through (G), respectively; 
(D) in subparagraph (C) (as so redesig-
nated)— 
(i) in the heading, by striking ‘‘
REGULAR ’’; 
(ii) by striking ‘‘Except as provided in sub-
paragraph (E)’’ and inserting ‘‘Except as pro-vided in subparagraph (D)’’; 
(iii) by amending subclause (I) of clause (ii) 
to read as follows: 
‘‘(ii)(I)(aa) For a local educational agency 
with respect to which 35 percent or more of the total student enrollment of the schools of the agency are children described in sub-paragraph (D) or (E) (or a combination there-of) of subsection (a)(1), and that has an en-rollment of children described in subpara-graphs (A), (B), or (C) of such subsection equal to at least 10 percent of the agency’s total enrollment, the Secretary shall cal-culate the weighted student units of those 
children described in subparagraph (D) or (E) of such subsection by multiplying the num-ber of such children by a factor of 0.55. 
‘‘(bb) Notwithstanding subitem (aa), a 
local educational agency that received a payment under this paragraph for fiscal year 2012 shall not be required to have an enroll-ment of children described in subparagraphs (A), (B), or (C) of subsection (a)(1) equal to at least 10 percent of the agency’s total enroll-ment.’’; and 
(iv) by amending subclause (III) of clause 
(ii) by striking ‘‘(B)(i)(II)(aa)’’ and inserting ‘‘subparagraph (B)(i)(I)’’; 
(E) in subparagraph (D)(i)(II) (as so redes-
ignated), by striking ‘‘6,000’’ and inserting ‘‘5,000’’; 
(F) in subparagraph (E) (as so redesig-
nated)— 
(i) by striking ‘‘Secretary’’ and all that fol-
lows through ‘‘shall use’’ and inserting ‘‘Sec-retary shall use’’; 
(ii) by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a pe-
riod; and 
(iii) by striking clause (ii); (G) in subparagraph (F) (as so redesig-
nated)— 
(i) by striking ‘‘subparagraph (C)(i)(II)(bb)’’ 
and inserting ‘‘subparagraph (B)(i)(II)(bb)(BB)’’; and 
(ii) by amending clause (ii) to read as fol-
lows: 
‘‘(ii) beginning in fiscal year 2010, a local 
educational agency shall be deemed to meet the average tax rate requirements for gen-eral fund purposes of this paragraph if the average tax rate calculation submitted to the Department by the agency has been— 
‘‘(I) calculated by the State educational 
agency in which the applying agency resides to meet the - requirements of this paragraph for average tax rate for general fund pur-poses; and 
‘‘(II) the Department accepted calculation 
of average tax rate for general fund purposes from the state educational agency on behalf of the applying agency in at least 5 prior years. 
‘‘(III) notwithstanding any other provision 
of law limiting the period during which the Secretary may obligate funds appropriated for any fiscal year after 2010, the Secretary may obligate funds remaining after final payments have been made from any funds of such fiscal years in order to carry out this subparagraph.’’. 
(H) in subparagraph (G) (as so redesig-
nated)— 
(i) in clause (i)— (I) by striking ‘‘subparagraph (B), (C), (D), 
or (E)’’ and inserting ‘‘subparagraph (B), (C), or (D)’’; 
(II) by striking ‘‘by reason of’’ and insert-
ing ‘‘due to’’; 
(III) by inserting after ‘‘clause (iii)’’ the 
following ‘‘, or as the direct result of base re-alignment and closure or modularization as determined by the Secretary of Defense and force structure change or force relocation’’; and 
(IV) by inserting before the period, the fol-
lowing: ‘‘or during such time as activities as-sociated with base closure and realignment, modularization, force structure change, or force relocation are ongoing’’; and 
(ii) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘(D) or (E)’’ 
each place it appears and inserting ‘‘(C) or (D)’’; 
(4) in paragraph (3)— (A) in subparagraph (B)— (i) by amending clause (iii) to read as fol-
lows: 
‘‘(iii) In the case of a local educational 
agency providing a free public education to students enrolled in kindergarten through grade 12, but which enrolls students de-scribed in subparagraphs (A), (B), and (D) of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:10 Feb 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00086 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27FE7.011 H27FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1461 February 27, 2015 
subsection (a)(1) only in grades 9 through 12, 
and which received a final payment in fiscal year 2009 calculated under this paragraph (as this paragraph was in effect on the day be-fore the date of enactment of the Student Success Act) for students in grades 9 through 12, the Secretary shall, in calculating the agency’s payment, consider only that por-tion of such agency’s total enrollment of stu-dents in grades 9 through 12 when calcu-lating the percentage under clause (i)(I) and only that portion of the total current ex-penditures attributed to the operation of grades 9 through 12 in such agency when cal-culating the percentage under clause (i)(II).’’; and 
(ii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(v) In the case of a local educational 
agency that is providing a program of dis-tance education to children not residing within the geographic boundaries of the 
agency, the Secretary shall— 
‘‘(I) for purposes of the calculation under 
clause (i)(I), disregard such children from the total number of children in average daily at-tendance at the schools served by such agen-cy; and 
‘‘(II) for purposes of the calculation under 
clause (i)(II), disregard any funds received for such children from the total current ex-penditures for such agency.’’; 
(B) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘sub-
paragraph (D) or (E) of paragraph (2), as the case may be’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (2)(D)’’; and 
(C) by amending subparagraph (D) to read 
as follows: 
‘‘(D) R
ATABLE DISTRIBUTION .—For any fis-
cal year described in subparagraph (A) for which the sums available exceed the amount required to pay each local educational agen-cy 100 percent of its threshold payment, the Secretary shall distribute the excess sums to each eligible local educational agency that has not received its full amount computed under paragraph (1) or (2) (as the case may be) by multiplying— 
‘‘(i) a percentage, the denominator of 
which is the difference between the full amount computed under paragraph (1) or (2) (as the case may be) for all local educational agencies and the amount of the threshold payment (as calculated under subparagraphs (B) and (C)) of all local educational agencies, and the numerator of which is the aggregate of the excess sums, by; 
‘‘(ii) the difference between the full 
amount computed under paragraph (1) or (2) (as the case may be) for the agency and the amount of the threshold payment as cal-culated under subparagraphs (B) and (C) of the agency.’’; and 
(D) by inserting at the end the following 
new subparagraphs: 
‘‘(E) I
NSUFFICIENT PAYMENTS .—For each fis-
cal year described in subparagraph (A) for which the sums appropriated under section 3(d)(2) are insufficient to pay each local edu-cational agency all of the local educational agency’s threshold payment described in sub-paragraph (D), the Secretary shall ratably reduce the payment to each local edu-cational agency under this paragraph. 
‘‘(F) I
NCREASES .—If the sums appropriated 
under section 3(d)(2) are sufficient to in-crease the threshold payment above the 100 percent threshold payment described in sub-paragraph (D), then the Secretary shall in-crease payments on the same basis as such payments were reduced, except no local edu-cational agency may receive a payment amount greater than 100 percent of the max-imum payment calculated under this sub-section.’’; and 
(5) in paragraph (4)— (A) in subparagraph (A), by striking 
‘‘through (D)’’ and inserting ‘‘and (C)’’; and (B) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘sub-
paragraph (D) or (E)’’ and inserting ‘‘sub-paragraph (C) or (D)’’. 
(c) P
RIOR YEAR DATA.—Paragraph (2) of 
section 8003(c) (20 U.S.C. 7703(c)) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(2) E
XCEPTION .—Calculation of payments 
for a local educational agency shall be based on data from the fiscal year for which the agency is making an application for payment if such agency— 
‘‘(A) is newly established by a State, for 
the first year of operation of such agency only; 
‘‘(B) was eligible to receive a payment 
under this section for the previous fiscal year and has had an overall increase in en-rollment (as determined by the Secretary in consultation with the Secretary of Defense, the Secretary of the Interior, or the heads of other Federal agencies)— 
‘‘(i) of not less than 10 percent, or 100 stu-
dents, of children described in— 
‘‘(I) subparagraph (A), (B), (C), or (D) of 
subsection (a)(1); or 
‘‘(II) subparagraph (F) and (G) of sub-
section (a)(1), but only to the extent such children are civilian dependents of employ-ees of the Department of Defense or the De-partment of the Interior; and 
‘‘(ii) that is the direct result of closure or 
realignment of military installations under the base closure process or the relocation of members of the Armed Forces and civilian employees of the Department of Defense as part of the force structure changes or move-ments of units or personnel between military installations or because of actions initiated by the Secretary of the Interior or the head of another Federal agency; or 
‘‘(C) was eligible to receive a payment 
under this section for the previous fiscal year and has had an increase in enrollment (as determined by the Secretary)— 
‘‘(i) of not less than 10 percent of children 
described in subsection (a)(1) or not less than 100 of such children; and 
‘‘(ii) that is the direct result of the closure 
of a local educational agency that received a payment under subsection (b)(1) or (b)(2) in the previous fiscal year.’’. 
(d) C
HILDREN WITHDISABILITIES .—Section 
8003(d)(1) (20 U.S.C. 7703(d)) is amended by striking ‘‘section 8014(c)’’ and inserting ‘‘sec-tion 3(d)(3)’’. 
(e) H
OLDHARMLESS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The total amount the Sec-
retary shall pay a local educational agency under subsection (b)— 
(A) beginning in fiscal year 2016 and for 
any fiscal year thereafter in which a local educational agency’s payment is reduced by an amount greater than $5,000,000 or 20 per-cent from the amount received in the pre-vious fiscal year, the Secretary shall pay a local educational agency for each of the 3 years following the reduction under sub-section (b)— 
(i) for the first year shall not be less than 
90 percent of the total amount that the local educational agency received under sub-section (b)(1) or (b)(2) in the fiscal year prior to the reduction herein referred to as the base year; 
(ii) for the second year shall not be less 
than 85 percent of the total amount that the local educational agency received under sub-section (b)(1) or (b)(2) in the base year; and 
(iii) for the third year shall not be less 
than 80 percent of the total amount that the local educational agency received under sub-section (b) (1) or (b) (2) in the base year. 
(2) R
ATABLE REDUCTION .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—If the sums made avail-
able under this title for any fiscal year are insufficient to pay the full amounts that all local educational agencies in all States are eligible to receive under paragraph (1) for such year, then the Secretary shall ratably 
reduce the payments to all such agencies for such year. 
(B) A
DDITIONAL FUNDS .—If additional funds 
become available for making payments under paragraph (1) for such fiscal year, pay-ments that were reduced under subparagraph (A) shall be increased on the same basis as such payments were reduced. 
(f) M
AINTENANCE OF EFFORT .—Section 8003 
(20 U.S.C. 7703) is amended by striking sub-section (g). 
SEC. 804. POLICIES AND PROCEDURES RELATING 
TO CHILDREN RESIDING ON INDIAN LANDS. 
Section 8004(e)(9) is amended by striking 
‘‘Bureau of Indian Affairs’’ and inserting ‘‘Bureau of Indian Education’’. 
SEC. 805. APPLICATION FOR PAYMENTS UNDER 
SECTIONS 8002 AND 8003. 
Section 8005(b) (20 U.S.C. 7705(b)) is amend-
ed in the matter preceding paragraph (1) by striking ‘‘and shall contain such informa-tion,’’. 
SEC. 806. CONSTRUCTION. 
Section 8007 (20 U.S.C. 7707) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘section 
8014(e)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 3(d)(4)’’; 
(B) in paragraph (2), by adding at the end 
the following: 
‘‘(C) The agency is eligible under section 
4003(b)(2) or is receiving basic support pay-ments under circumstances described in sec-tion 4003(b)(2)(B)(ii).’’; and 
(C) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘section 
8014(e)’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘section 3(d)(4)’’; and 
(2) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘section 
8014(e)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 3(d)(4)’’; 
(B) in paragraph (3)— (i) in subparagraph (C)(i)(I), by adding at 
the end the following: 
‘‘(cc) At least 10 percent of the property in 
the agency is exempt from State and local taxation under Federal law.’’; and 
(ii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(F) L
IMITATIONS ON ELIGIBILITY REQUIRE -
MENTS .—The Secretary shall not limit eligi-
bility— 
‘‘(i) under subparagraph (C)(i)(I)(aa), to 
those local educational agencies in which the number of children determined under section 8003(a)(1)(C) for each such agency for the preceding school year constituted more than 40 percent of the total student enroll-ment in the schools of each such agency dur-ing the preceding school year; and 
‘‘(ii) under subparagraph (C)(i)(I)(cc), to 
those local educational agencies in which more than 10 percent of the property in each such agency is exempt from State and local taxation under Federal law.’’; 
(C) in paragraph (6)— (i) in the matter preceding subparagraph 
(A), by striking ‘‘in such manner, and accom-panied by such information’’ and inserting ‘‘and in such manner’’; and 
(ii) by striking subparagraph (F); and (D) by striking paragraph (7). 
SEC. 807. FACILITIES. 
Section 8008 (20 U.S.C. 7708) is amended in 
subsection (a), by striking ‘‘section 8014(f)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 3(d)(5)’’. 
SEC. 808. STATE CONSIDERATION OF PAYMENTS 
PROVIDING STATE AID. 
Section 8009 (20 U.S.C. 7709) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (c)(1)(B), by striking ‘‘and 
contain the information’’; and 
(2) in subsection (d)(2)— (A) by striking ‘‘A State’’ and inserting the 
following: 
‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—A State’’; and 
(B) by adding at the end of the following: ‘‘(B) S
TATES THAT ARE NOT EQUALIZED  
STATES .—A State that has not been approved 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:10 Feb 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00087 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27FE7.011 H27FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1462 February 27, 2015 
as an equalized State under subsection (b) 
shall not consider funds received under sec-tion 8002 or section 8003 of this title in any State formula or place a limit or direct the use of such funds for the purposes of deter-mining a local educational agency’s fund balance.’’. 
SEC. 809. ADMINISTRATIVE HEARINGS AND JUDI-
CIAL REVIEW. 
Section 8011(a) (20 U.S.C. 7711(a)) is amend-
ed by striking ‘‘or under the Act’’ and all the follows through ‘‘1994)’’. 
SEC. 810. DEFINITIONS. 
Section 8013 (20 U.S.C. 7713) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘and Ma-
rine Corps’’ and inserting ‘‘Marine Corps, and Coast Guard’’; 
(2) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘and title 
VI’’; 
(3) in paragraph (5)(A)(iii)— (A) in subclause (II), by striking ‘‘Stewart 
B. McKinney Homeless Assistance Act’’ and inserting ‘‘McKinney-Vento Homeless Assist-ance Act (42 U.S.C. 11411)’’; and 
(B) in subclause (III), by inserting before 
the semicolon, ‘‘(25 U.S.C. 4101 et seq.)’’; 
(4) in paragraph (8)(A), by striking ‘‘and 
verified by’’ and inserting ‘‘, and verified by,’’; and 
(5) in paragraph (9)(B), by inserting a 
comma before ‘‘on a case-by-case basis’’. 
SEC. 811. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
Section 8014 (20 U.S.C. 7801) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘2000’’ each place it appears 
and inserting ‘‘2016’’; 
(2) by striking ‘‘2001’’ and inserting ‘‘2017’’; 
and 
(3) by striking ‘‘2002’’ and inserting ‘‘2018’’. 
SEC. 812. CONFORMING AMENDMENTS. 
Subsection (c) of the Impact Aid Improve-
ment Act of 2012 (20 U.S.C. 6301 note; Public Law 112-239; 126 Stat. 1748) is amended— 
(1) (1) by striking paragraphs (1) and (4); 
and 
(2) (2) by redesignating paragraphs (2) and 
(3), as paragraphs (1) and (2), respectively. 
TITLE IX—GENERAL PROVISIONS 
SEC. 900. GENERAL AMENDMENTS. 
(a) G ENERAL PROHIBITION .—Section 9527(a) 
(20 U.S.C. 7907(a)) is amended by inserting ‘‘specific instructional content, academic standards or assessments,’’ after ‘‘school’s curriculum,’’. 
(b) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Section 9534 
(20 U.S.C. 7914) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(c) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Any public or 
private entity that receives funds allocated under this Act including from a State edu-cational agency or local educational agency shall be considered a program under sub-section (a) and be subject to the require-ments of subsection (a) in carrying out pro-grams or activities funded under this Act.’’. 
Subtitle A—Protecting Students From Sexual 
and Violent Predators 
SEC. 901. BACKGROUND CHECKS. 
Subpart 2 of part E of title IX (20 U.S.C. 
7901 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 9537. CRIMINAL BACKGROUND CHECKS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—A State educational 
agency that receives funds under this Act shall have in effect— 
‘‘(1) requirements, policies, and procedures 
to require and conduct criminal background checks for each school employee including prospective school employees described in subsection (c)(1); and 
‘‘(2) prohibit the employment of a school 
employee as described in subsection (c). 
‘‘(b) R
EQUIREMENTS .—A criminal back-
ground check for a school employee under subsection (a) shall include— 
‘‘(1) a search of the State criminal and sex 
offender registry or repository in the State where the school employee resides, and each 
State where such school employee resided during the preceding 5 years; 
‘‘(2) a search of State-based child abuse and 
neglect registries and databases in the State where the school employee resides, and each State where such school employee resided during the preceding 5 years; 
‘‘(3) a search of the National Crime Infor-
mation Center; 
‘‘(4) a Federal Bureau of Investigation fin-
gerprint check using the Integrated Auto-mated Fingerprint Identification System; and 
‘‘(5) a search of the National Sex Offender 
Registry established under the Adam Walsh Child Protection and Safety Act of 2006 (42 U.S.C. 16901 et seq.). 
‘‘(c) P
ROHIBITIONS .— 
‘‘(1) S CHOOL EMPLOYEE .—A school employee 
shall be ineligible for employment by a local educational agency or State educational agency that is receiving funds under this Act if such individual— 
‘‘(A) refuses to consent to the criminal 
background check described in subsection (b); 
‘‘(B) knowingly makes a materially false 
statement in connection with such criminal background check; 
‘‘(C) is registered, or is required to be reg-
istered, on a State sex offender registry or repository or the National Sex Offender Reg-istry established under the Adam Walsh Child Protection and Safety Act of 2006 (42 U.S.C. 16901 et seq.); or 
‘‘(D) has been convicted of a felony con-
sisting of— 
‘‘(i) murder, as described in section 1111 of 
title 18, United States Code; 
‘‘(ii) child abuse or neglect; ‘‘(iii) a crime against children, including 
child pornography; 
‘‘(iv) spousal abuse; ‘‘(v) a crime involving rape or sexual as-
sault; 
‘‘(vi) kidnapping; ‘‘(vii) arson; ‘‘(viii) physical assault or battery; or ‘‘(ix) a drug-related offense committed dur-
ing the preceding 5 years; or 
‘‘(E) has been convicted of a violent mis-
demeanor committed as an adult against a child, including the following crimes: child abuse, child endangerment, sexual assault, or of a misdemeanor involving child pornog-raphy. 
‘‘(2) S
TATE EDUCATIONAL AGENCY OR LOCAL  
EDUCATIONAL AGENCY .—A State educational 
agency or local educational agency described in paragraph (1) shall be ineligible for assist-ance under this Act if the agency employs or contracts with a school employee who is in-eligible for employment under paragraph (1). 
‘‘(d) S
UBMISSION OF REQUESTS FOR BACK-
GROUND CHECKS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—A State educational 
agency or local educational agency covered by subsection (c) shall submit a request, to the appropriate State agency designated by a State, for a criminal background check de-scribed in subsection (b), for each school em-ployee. 
‘‘(2) S
CHOOL EMPLOYEES .—Subject to para-
graph (4), in the case of an individual who be-came a school employee before the date of enactment of the Student Success Act shall submit such a request— 
‘‘(A) prior to the last day described in sub-
section (k)(1); and 
‘‘(B) not less often than once during each 5- 
year period following the first submission date under this paragraph for that school employee. 
‘‘(3) P
ROSPECTIVE SCHOOL EMPLOYEES .—Sub-
ject to paragraph (4), in the case of an indi-vidual who is a prospective school employee on or after that date of enactment, the pro-
vider shall submit such a request— 
‘‘(A) prior to the date the individual be-
comes a school employee; and 
‘‘(B) not less than once during each 5-year 
period following the first submission date under this paragraph for that staff member. 
‘‘(e) B
ACKGROUND CHECK RESULTS AND AP-
PEALS .— 
‘‘(1) B ACKGROUND CHECK RESULTS .—The 
State shall carry out the request of a State educational agency or local educational agency for a criminal background check as expeditiously as possible, but not to exceed 45 days after the date on which such request was submitted, and shall provide the results of the criminal background check to such agency provider and to the school employee staff member. 
‘‘(2) P
RIVACY .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The State shall provide 
the results of the criminal background check to the State educational agency or local edu-cational agency in a statement that indi-cates whether a school employee is eligible or ineligible for employment described in subsection (c), without revealing any dis-qualifying crime or other related informa-tion regarding the individual. 
‘‘(B) I
NELIGIBLE SCHOOL EMPLOYEE .—If the 
school employee is ineligible for such em-ployment due to the background check, the State will, when providing the results of the background check, include information re-lated to each disqualifying crime, in a report to the school employee. 
‘‘(C) P
UBLIC RELEASE OF RESULTS .—No 
State shall publicly release or share the re-sults of individual background checks, ex-cept States may release aggregated data by crime as listed under subsection (c)(1)(D) from background check results, as long as such data does not contain personally identi-fiable information. 
‘‘(3) A
PPEALS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The State shall provide 
for a process by which a school employee may appeal the results of a criminal back-ground check conducted under this section to challenge the accuracy or completeness of the information contained in such member’s criminal background report. 
‘‘(B) A
PPEALS PROCESS .—The State shall 
ensure that— 
‘‘(i) each school employee shall be given 
notice of the opportunity to appeal; 
‘‘(ii) a school employee will receive in-
structions about how to complete the ap-peals process if the school employee wishes to challenge the accuracy or completeness of the information contained in such employ-ee’s criminal background report; and 
‘‘(iii) the appeals process is completed in a 
timely manner for each school employee not to exceed 45 days. 
‘‘(C) C
OSTS.—A school employee who has 
successfully challenged the findings con-tained in such employee’s criminal back-ground check report in the appeals process under this paragraph shall be allowed to seek compensation for any reasonable costs in-curred from such appeal. 
‘‘(4) R
EVIEW .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The State shall estab-
lish a timely review process not to exceed 45 days through which the State may deter-mine that a school employee identified in subsection (c) is eligible for employment with the educational agency. 
‘‘(B) F
ACTORS .—The review process shall be 
an individualized assessment consistent with title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 (42 U.S.C. 2000e et seq.) and the U.S. Equal Em-ployment Opportunity Commission Enforce-ment Guidance on the Consideration of Ar-rest and Conviction Records in Employment Decisions, and may include consideration of the following factors— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:10 Feb 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00088 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27FE7.011 H27FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1463 February 27, 2015 
‘‘(i) nature and seriousness of the offense; 
‘‘(ii) circumstances under which the of-
fense was committed; 
‘‘(iii) lapse of time since the offense was 
committed or the individual was released from prison; 
‘‘(iv) individual’s age at the time of the of-
fense; 
‘‘(v) social conditions which may have fos-
tered the offense; 
‘‘(vi) relationship of the nature of the of-
fense to the position sought; 
‘‘(vii) number of criminal convictions; ‘‘(viii) honesty and transparency of the 
candidate in admitting the conviction record; 
‘‘(ix) individual’s work history, including 
evidence that the individual performed the same or similar work, post-conviction, with the same or different employer, with no known incidents of criminal conduct; 
‘‘(x) evidence of rehabilitation as dem-
onstrated by the individual’s good conduct while in correctional custody and/or the community; counseling or psychiatric treat-ment received; acquisition of additional aca-demic or vocational schooling; successful participation in correctional work-release programs and the recommendations of per-sons who have or have had the applicant under their supervision; 
‘‘(xi) whether the individual is bonded 
under Federal, state, or local bonding pro-gram; and 
‘‘(xii) any other factor that may lead to 
the conclusion that the individual does not pose a risk to children. 
‘‘(C) L
IMITATION .—This paragraph shall not 
apply to a school employee who has been convicted of a serious violent or sexual fel-ony against a child, as determined by the State. 
‘‘(5) N
O PRIVATE RIGHT OF ACTION .—Nothing 
in this section shall be construed to create a private right of action if a State educational agency or local educational agency has acted in accordance with this section. 
‘‘(f) F
EES FOR BACKGROUND CHECKS .— 
‘‘(1) Fees that a State may charge for the 
costs of processing applications and admin-istering a criminal background check as re-quired by this section shall not exceed the actual costs to the State for the processing and administration. 
‘‘(2) A local educational agency or State 
educational agency may use administrative funds received under this Act to pay for any reasonable fees charged for conducting a criminal background check under this sec-tion. 
‘‘(g) T
RANSPARENCY .—The State must en-
sure that the policies and procedures under this section are published on the Web site (or otherwise publicly available venue in the ab-sence of a Web site) of the State and the Web sites of local lead agencies. 
‘‘(h) C
ONSTRUCTION .— 
‘‘(1) D ISQUALIFICATION FOR OTHER CRIMES .— 
Nothing in this section shall be construed to prevent a State from disqualifying individ-uals as a school employee based on their con-viction for crimes not specifically listed in this section that bear upon the fitness of an individual to provide care for and have re-sponsibility for the safety and well-being of children. 
‘‘(2) R
IGHTS AND REMEDIES .—Nothing in 
this section shall be construed to alter or otherwise affect the rights and remedies pro-vided for a school employee residing in a State that disqualifies individuals as a school employee for crimes not specifically provided for under this section. 
‘‘(i) R
EPORTING .—Not later than one year 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Education shall report to Congress on— ‘‘(1) any information available about num-
bers of individuals restricted or disqualified from being a school employee on the basis of a criminal record identified in the back-ground check, pursuant to this section in total, and for each type of conviction, as specified in sections (c)(1)(D) and (c)(1)(E) and disaggregated by race, gender, national origin, and ethnicity; 
‘‘(2) the identity of each state’s agency 
with jurisdiction over the background check results and appeals process described in sec-tion (e); 
‘‘(3) the identity of each state’s agency 
with jurisdiction over the individualized as-sessment, as described in section (e)(4); 
‘‘(4) the numbers of individuals approved 
for consideration as a school employee by the individualized assessment, as defined in section (e)(4) in total, and for each type of conviction, as specified in sections (c)(1)(D) and (c)(1)(E) and disaggregated by race, gen-der, national origin, and ethnicity; and 
‘‘(5) the numbers of successful and unsuc-
cessful appeals to the accuracy and com-pleteness of records or information, in total, by State, and by type of conviction, as speci-fied in section sections (c)(1)(D) and (c)(1)(E) and disaggregated by race, gender, national origin, and ethnicity. 
‘‘(j) D
EFINITION .—In this section, the term 
‘school employee’ means— 
‘‘(1) an employee of, or a person seeking 
employment with, a local educational agen-cy or State educational agency, and who, as a result of such employment, has (or will have) a job duty that results in unsupervised access to elementary school or secondary school students; 
‘‘(2) any person, or an employee of any per-
son who has a contract or agreement to pro-vide services with an elementary school or secondary school, local educational agency, or State educational agency, and such person or employee, as a result of such contract or agreement, has a job duty that results in un-supervised access to elementary school or secondary students; and 
‘‘(3) an employee of or a person seeking 
employment with a high-quality prekinder-garten program (as defined in section 1112 of the Student Success Act) who has unsuper-vised access to children or a person who has a contract or agreement with such program and has unsupervised access to children. 
‘‘(k) E
FFECTIVE DATE.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—A State that receives 
funds under this Act shall meet the require-ments of this section for the provision of criminal background checks for a school em-ployee described in subsection (d)(1) not later than the last day of the second full fis-cal year after the date of enactment of the Student Success Act. 
‘‘(2) E
XTENSION .—The Secretary may grant 
a State an extension of time, of not more than 1 fiscal year, to meet the requirements of this section if the State demonstrates a good faith effort to comply with the require-ments of this section. 
‘‘(3) P
ENALTY FOR NONCOMPLIANCE .—Except 
as provided in paragraphs (1) and (2), for any fiscal year that a State fails to comply sub-stantially with the requirements of this sec-tion, the Secretary shall withhold 5 percent of the funds that would otherwise be allo-cated to that State in accordance with this Act for the following fiscal year. 
‘‘SEC. 9538. EQUALITY IN ATHLETIC PROGRAMS. 
‘‘(a) R EPORT .—Each coeducational elemen-
tary or secondary school that participates in any program under this Act and has an ath-letic program, shall annually, for the imme-diately preceding academic year, prepare a report that contains the following informa-tion: ‘‘(1) The number of students that attended 
the school and for each student an identifica-tion of such student’s— 
‘‘(A) sex; ‘‘(B) race; and ‘‘(C) ethnicity. ‘‘(2) A listing of the teams that competed 
in athletic competition and for each such team the following data: 
‘‘(A) The total number of participants as of 
the day of the first scheduled contest for the team, and for each participant an identifica-tion of such participant’s— 
‘‘(i) sex; ‘‘(ii) race; and ‘‘(iii) ethnicity. 
‘‘(B) The year the team began. ‘‘(C) The total expenditures for each team 
from school and nonschool sources, including a listing of the following data for each team: 
‘‘(i) Expenditures for travel. ‘‘(ii) Expenditures for equipment (includ-
ing any equipment replacement schedule). 
‘‘(iii) Expenditures for uniforms (including 
any uniform replacement schedule). 
‘‘(iv) Expenditures for facilities (including 
locker rooms, fields, and gymnasiums) and their maintenance and repair. 
‘‘(v) Expenditures for training and medical 
facilities and services. 
‘‘(vi) Expenditures for publicity for com-
petitions (including press guides, press re-leases, game programs, and publicity per-sonnel). 
‘‘(D) The total number of trainers and med-
ical personnel, and for each trainer or med-ical personnel an identification of such per-son’s— 
‘‘(i) sex; ‘‘(ii) employment status (including wheth-
er such person is employed full-time or part- time, and whether such person is a head or assistant trainer or medical services pro-vider) and duties other than providing train-ing or medical services; and 
‘‘(iii) qualifications, including whether the 
person is a professional or student. 
‘‘(E) The total number of coaches, and for 
each coach an identification of such coach’s— 
‘‘(i) sex; ‘‘(ii) employment status (including wheth-
er such coach is employed full-time or part- time, and whether such coach is a head or as-sistant coach) and duties other than coach-ing; and 
‘‘(iii) qualifications, including whether the 
person is a professional or student. 
‘‘(F) Total annual revenues generated by 
the team (including contributions from out-side sources such as booster clubs), disaggregated by source. 
‘‘(G) The total number of competitions 
scheduled, and for each scheduled competi-tion an indication of what day of the week and time the competition was scheduled. 
‘‘(H) The total number of practices sched-
uled, and for each scheduled practice an indi-cation of what day of the week and time the practice was scheduled. 
‘‘(I) The season in which the team com-
peted. 
‘‘(J) Whether such team participated in 
postseason competition, and the success of such team in any postseason competition. 
‘‘(3) The average annual institutional sal-
ary attributable to coaching of the head coaches of men’s teams, across all offered sports, and the average annual institutional salary attributable to coaching of the head coaches of women’s teams, across all offered sports. 
‘‘(4) The average annual institutional sal-
ary attributable to coaching of the assistant coaches of men’s teams, across all offered sports, and the average annual institutional 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:10 Feb 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00089 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27FE7.011 H27FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1464 February 27, 2015 
salary attributable to coaching of the assist-
ant coaches of women’s teams, across all of-fered sports. 
‘‘(b) S
PECIAL RULE.—For the purpose of re-
porting the information described in para-graphs (3) and (4) of subsection (a), if a coach has responsibilities for more than 1 team and the school does not allocate such coach’s sal-ary by team, the school should divide the salary by the number of teams for which the coach has responsibility and allocate the sal-ary among the teams on a basis consistent with the coach’s responsibilities for the dif-ferent teams. 
‘‘(c) D
ISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION TO STU-
DENTS AND PUBLIC .—On an annual basis, each 
coeducational elementary or secondary school described in subsection (a) shall— 
‘‘(1) make available to students, potential 
students, and the public, upon request, the information contained in each report by the school under this section by October 15 of each school year; and 
‘‘(2) ensure that all students at the school 
and members of the relevant community are informed of their right to request such infor-mation. 
‘‘(d) S
UBMISSION ; I NFORMATION AVAIL-
ABILITY .—On an annual basis, each coeduca-
tional elementary or secondary school de-scribed in subsection (a) shall provide the in-formation contained in each report by the school under this section to the Commis-sioner for Education Statistics not later than 15 days after the date that the school makes such information available under sub-section (c). 
‘‘(e) D
UTIES OF COMMISSIONER FOR EDU-
CATION STATISTICS .—The Commissioner for 
Education Statistics shall— 
‘‘(1) ensure that the data required under 
this section are posted on the Department of Education’s Web site within a reasonable pe-riod of time; and 
‘‘(2) not later than 180 days after the date 
of the enactment of the Student Success Act, notify all elementary and secondary schools in all States about the requirements under subsection (c) and issue guidance to all ele-mentary and secondary schools on how to collect and report the information required under this section.’’. 
SEC. 902. CONFORMING AMENDMENT. 
Section 2 is amended by adding after the 
item relating to section 9536 the following: 
‘‘Sec. 9537. Background checks. 
‘‘Sec. 9538. Equality in athletic programs.’’. 
Subtitle B—Evaluation Authority 
SEC. 911. EVALUATION AUTHORITY. 
Title IX (20 U.S.C. 7801 et seq.) is further 
amended by amending part F to read as fol-lows: 
‘‘PART F—EVALUATION AUTHORITY 
‘‘SEC. 9911. EVALUATION AUTHORITY. 
‘‘(a) R ESERVATION OF FUNDS .—The Sec-
retary shall reserve not less than 1 percent of the amount appropriated to carry out each categorical program and demonstration project authorized under this Act, except the Secretary may not reserve more than 1 per-cent of title I, part A to carry out the eval-uation activities described in this section. 
‘‘(b) E
VALUATION ACTIVITIES .—From funds 
reserved under subsection (a), the reserved amounts— 
‘‘(1) shall first be used by the Secretary, 
acting through the Director of the Institute of Education Sciences, to— 
‘‘(A) conduct comprehensive, high-quality 
evaluations of the program that— 
‘‘(i) are consistent with the evaluation 
plan under subsection (d); and 
‘‘(ii) primarily include impact evaluations 
that use experimental or quasi-experimental designs, where practicable and appropriate, and other rigorous methodologies that per-mit the strongest possible causal inferences; ‘‘(B) conduct studies of the effectiveness of 
the program and the administrative impact of the program on schools and local edu-cational agencies; and 
‘‘(C) widely disseminate evaluation find-
ings under this section related to programs authorized under this Act— 
‘‘(i) in a timely fashion; ‘‘(ii) in forms that are understandable, eas-
ily accessible, and usable, or adaptable for use in, the improvement of educational prac-tice; 
‘‘(iii) through electronic transfer, and 
other means, such as posting, as available, to the websites of State educational agencies, local educational agencies, the Institute of Education Sciences, the Department, or in another relevant place; and 
‘‘(iv) in a manner that promotes the utili-
zation of such findings; and 
‘‘(2) may be used by the Secretary, acting 
through the Director of the Institute of Edu-cation Sciences— 
‘‘(A) to evaluate the aggregate short- and 
long-term effects and cost efficiencies across Federal programs assisted or authorized under this Act and related Federal early childhood education, preschool, elementary school, and secondary school programs under any other Federal law; and 
‘‘(B) assist grantees of such programs in 
collecting and analyzing data related to con-ducting high-quality evaluations under para-graph (1). 
‘‘(c) T
ITLE I.—The Secretary, acting 
through the Director of the Institute of Edu-cation Sciences, shall use funds authorized under subsection(a)(1) to carry out evalua-tion activities under this section related to title I. 
‘‘(d) C
ONSOLIDATION .—Notwithstanding any 
other provision of this section the Secretary in consultation with the Director of the In-stitute of Education Sciences— 
‘‘(1) may consolidate the funds reserved 
under subsections (a) or (c) for purposes of carrying out the activities under subsection (b)(1) and subsection (g); and 
‘‘(2) shall not be required to evaluate under 
subsection (b)(1) each program authorized under this Act each year. 
‘‘(e) E
VALUATION PLAN.—The Director of 
the Institute of Education Sciences, shall, on a biennial basis, develop, submit to Congress, and make publicly available an evaluation plan, that— 
‘‘(1) describes the specific activities that 
will be carried out under subsection (b) for the 2-year period applicable to the plan, and the timelines of such activities; 
‘‘(2) contains the results of the activities 
carried out under subsection (b) for the most recent 2-year period; and 
‘‘(3) describes how programs authorized 
under this Act will be regularly evaluated. 
‘‘(f) E
VALUATION ACTIVITIES AUTHORIZED  
ELSEWHERE .—If, under any other provision of 
this Act, funds are authorized to be reserved or used for evaluation activities with respect to a program, the Secretary may not reserve additional funds under this section for the evaluation of that program.’’. 
Subtitle C—Keeping All Students Safe 
SEC. 911. KEEPING ALL STUDENTS SAFE. 
Title IX (20 U.S.C. 7801 et seq.) is further 
amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘PART G—KEEPING ALL STUDENTS SAFE 
‘‘SEC. 9701. DEFINITIONS. 
‘‘In this part: 
‘‘(1) C HEMICAL RESTRAINT .—The term 
‘chemical restraint’ means a drug or medica-tion used on a student to control behavior or restrict freedom of movement that is not— 
‘‘(A) prescribed by a licensed physician, or 
other qualified health professional acting under the scope of the professional’s author-ity under State law, for the standard treat-
ment of a student’s medical or psychiatric condition; and 
‘‘(B) administered as prescribed by the li-
censed physician or other qualified health professional acting under the scope of the professional’s authority under State law. 
‘‘(2) M
ECHANICAL RESTRAINT .—The term 
‘mechanical restraint’ has the meaning given the term in section 595(d)(1) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 290jj(d)(1)), ex-cept that the meaning shall be applied by substituting ‘student’s’ for ‘resident’s’. 
‘‘(3) P
HYSICAL ESCORT .—The term ‘physical 
escort’ has the meaning given the term in section 595(d)(2) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 290jj(d)(2)), except that the meaning shall be applied by substituting ‘student’ for ‘resident’. 
‘‘(4) P
HYSICAL RESTRAINT .—The term ‘phys-
ical restraint’ mean a personal restriction 
that immobilizes or reduces the ability of an individual to move the individual’s arms, legs, torso, or head freely. Such term does not include a physical escort, mechanical re-straint, or chemical restraint. 
‘‘(5) P
OSITIVE BEHAVIOR SUPPORTS .—The 
term ‘positive behavior supports’ means a systematic approach to embed evidence- based practices and data-driven decision-making to improve school climate and cul-ture, including a range of systemic and indi-vidualized strategies to reinforce desired be-haviors and diminish reoccurrence of prob-lem behaviors, in order to achieve improved academic and social outcomes and increase learning for all students, including students with the most complex and intensive behav-ioral needs. 
‘‘(6) P
ROTECTION AND ADVOCACY SYSTEM .— 
The term ‘protection and advocacy system’ means a protection and advocacy system es-tablished under subtitle C of title I of the Developmental Disabilities Assistance and Bill of Rights Act of 2000 (42 U.S.C. 15041 et seq.). 
‘‘(7) S
CHOOL .—The term ‘school’ means an 
entity— 
‘‘(A) that— ‘‘(i) is a public or private— ‘‘(I) day or residential elementary school 
or secondary school; or 
‘‘(II) early childhood, elementary school, 
or secondary school program that is under the jurisdiction of a school, local edu-cational agency, educational service agency, or other educational institution or program; and 
‘‘(ii) receives, or serves students who re-
ceive, support in any form from any program supported, in whole or in part, with funds ap-propriated under the Student Success Act; or 
‘‘(B) that is a school funded or operated by 
the Department of the Interior. 
‘‘(8) S
CHOOL PERSONNEL .—The term ‘school 
personnel’ has the meaning— 
‘‘(A) given the term in section 4151(10); and ‘‘(B) given the term ‘school resource offi-
cer’ in section 4151(11). 
‘‘(9) S
ECLUSION .—The term ‘seclusion’ 
means— 
‘‘(A) the involuntary confinement of a stu-
dent alone in a room or area from which the student is physically prevented from leaving; and 
‘‘(B) does not include a time out. ‘‘(10) S
TATE -APPROVED CRISIS INTERVENTION  
TRAINING PROGRAM .—The term ‘State-ap-
proved crisis intervention training program’ means a training program approved by a State and the Secretary that, at a minimum, provides— 
‘‘(A) training in evidence-based techniques 
shown to be effective in the prevention of physical restraint and seclusion; 
‘‘(B) training in evidence-based techniques 
shown to be effective in keeping both school 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:10 Feb 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00090 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27FE7.011 H27FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1465 February 27, 2015 
personnel and students safe when imposing 
physical restraint or seclusion; 
‘‘(C) evidence-based skills training related 
to positive behavior supports, safe physical escort, conflict prevention, understanding antecedents, de-escalation, and conflict man-agement; 
‘‘(D) training in first aid and 
cardiopulmonary resuscitation; 
‘‘(E) information describing State policies 
and procedures that meet the minimum standards established by regulations promul-gated pursuant to section 9702(a); and 
‘‘(F) certification for school personnel in 
the techniques and skills described in sub-paragraphs (A) through (D), which shall be required to be renewed on a periodic basis. 
‘‘(11) S
TUDENT .—The term ‘student’ means 
a student enrolled in a school defined in paragraph (7), except that in the case of a student enrolled in a private school or pri-vate program, such term means a student who receives support in any form from any program supported, in whole or in part, with funds appropriated under the Student Suc-cess Act. 
‘‘(12) T
IME OUT .—The term ‘time out’ has 
the meaning given the term in section 595(d)(5) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 290jj(d)(5)), except that the meaning shall be applied by substituting ‘student’ for ‘resident’. 
‘‘SEC. 9702. MINIMUM STANDARDS; RULE OF CON-
STRUCTION. 
‘‘(a) M INIMUM STANDARDS .—Not later than 
180 days after the date of the enactment of the Student Success Act, to ensure a safe learning environment and protect each stu-dent from physical or mental abuse, aversive behavioral interventions that compromise student health and safety, or any physical restraint or seclusion imposed solely for pur-poses of discipline or convenience or in a manner otherwise inconsistent with this part, the Secretary shall promulgate regula-tions establishing the following minimum standards: 
‘‘(1) School personnel shall be prohibited 
from imposing on any student the following: 
‘‘(A) Mechanical restraints. ‘‘(B) Chemical restraints. ‘‘(C) Physical restraint or physical escort 
that restricts breathing. 
‘‘(D) Aversive behavioral interventions 
that compromise health and safety. 
‘‘(2) School personnel shall be prohibited 
from imposing physical restraint or seclu-sion on a student unless— 
‘‘(A) the student’s behavior poses an immi-
nent danger of physical injury to the stu-dent, school personnel, or others; 
‘‘(B) less restrictive interventions would be 
ineffective in stopping such imminent dan-ger of physical injury; 
‘‘(C) such physical restraint or seclusion is 
imposed by school personnel who— 
‘‘(i) continuously monitor the student face- 
to-face; or 
‘‘(ii) if school personnel safety is signifi-
cantly compromised by such face-to-face monitoring, are in continuous direct visual contact with the student; 
‘‘(D) such physical restraint or seclusion is 
imposed by— 
‘‘(i) school personnel trained and certified 
by a State-approved crisis intervention training program (as defined in section 9701(16)); or 
‘‘(ii) other school personnel in the case of 
a rare and clearly unavoidable emergency circumstance when school personnel trained and certified as described in clause (i) are not immediately available due to the unfore-seeable nature of the emergency cir-cumstance; and 
‘‘(E) such physical restraint or seclusion 
ends immediately upon the cessation of the conditions described in subparagraphs (A) 
and (B). 
‘‘(3) States, in consultation with local edu-
cational agencies and private school offi-cials, shall ensure that a sufficient number of personnel are trained and certified by a State-approved crisis intervention training program (as defined in section 9701(16)) to meet the needs of the specific student popu-lation in each school. 
‘‘(4) The use of physical restraint or seclu-
sion as a planned intervention shall not be written into a student’s education plan, indi-
vidual safety plan, behavioral plan, or indi-vidualized education program (as defined in section 602 of the Individuals with Disabil-ities Education Act (20 U.S.C. 1401)). Local educational agencies or schools may estab-lish policies and procedures for use of phys-ical restraint or seclusion in school safety or crisis plans, provided that such school plans are not specific to any individual student. 
‘‘(5) Schools shall establish procedures to 
be followed after each incident involving the imposition of physical restraint or seclusion upon a student, including— 
‘‘(A) procedures to provide to the parent of 
the student, with respect to each such inci-dent— 
‘‘(i) an immediate verbal or electronic 
communication on the same day as the inci-dent; and 
‘‘(ii) written notification within 24 hours of 
the incident; and 
‘‘(B) any other procedures the Secretary 
determines appropriate. 
‘‘(b) S
ECRETARY OF THE INTERIOR .—The Sec-
retary of the Interior shall ensure that schools operated or funded by the Depart-ment of the Interior comply with the regula-tions promulgated by the Secretary under subsection (a). 
‘‘(c) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
this section shall be construed to authorize the Secretary to promulgate regulations pro-hibiting the use of— 
‘‘(1) time out (as defined in section 
9701(20)); 
‘‘(2) devices implemented by trained school 
personnel, or utilized by a student, for the specific and approved therapeutic or safety purposes for which such devices were de-signed and, if applicable, prescribed, includ-ing— 
‘‘(A) restraints for medical immobilization; ‘‘(B) adaptive devices or mechanical sup-
ports used to achieve proper body position, balance, or alignment to allow greater free-dom of mobility than would be possible with-out the use of such devices or mechanical supports; or 
‘‘(C) vehicle safety restraints when used as 
intended during the transport of a student in a moving vehicle; or 
‘‘(3) handcuffs by school resource officers 
(as such term is defined in section 4151(11))— 
‘‘(A) in the— ‘‘(i) case when a student’s behavior poses 
an imminent danger of physical injury to the student, school personnel, or others; or 
‘‘(ii) lawful exercise of law enforcement du-
ties; and 
‘‘(B) less restrictive interventions would be 
ineffective. 
‘‘SEC. 9703. STATE PLAN AND REPORT REQUIRE-
MENTS AND ENFORCEMENT. 
‘‘(a) S TATE PLAN.—Not later than 2 years 
after the Secretary promulgates regulations pursuant to section 9702(a), and each year thereafter, each State educational agency shall submit to the Secretary a State plan that provides— 
‘‘(1) assurances to the Secretary that the 
State has in effect— 
‘‘(A) State policies and procedures that 
meet the minimum standards, including the standards with respect to State-approved cri-sis intervention training programs, estab-lished by regulations promulgated pursuant 
to section 9702(a); and 
‘‘(B) a State mechanism to effectively 
monitor and enforce the minimum stand-ards; 
‘‘(2) a description of the State policies and 
procedures, including a description of the State-approved crisis intervention training programs in such State; and 
‘‘(3) a description of the State plans to en-
sure school personnel and parents, including private school personnel and parents, are aware of the State policies and procedures. 
‘‘(b) R
EPORTING .— 
‘‘(1) R EPORTING REQUIREMENTS .—Not later 
than 2 years after the date the Secretary promulgates regulations pursuant to section 9702(a), and each year thereafter, each State educational agency shall (in compliance with the requirements of section 444 of the Gen-eral Education Provisions Act (commonly known as the ‘Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act of 1974’) (20 U.S.C. 1232g)) prepare and submit to the Secretary, and make available to the public, a report that includes the information described in para-graph (2), with respect to each local edu-cational agency, and each school not under the jurisdiction of a local educational agen-cy, located in the same State as such State educational agency. 
‘‘(2) I
NFORMATION REQUIREMENTS .— 
‘‘(A) G ENERAL INFORMATION REQUIRE -
MENTS .—The report described in paragraph 
(1) shall include information on— 
‘‘(i) the total number of incidents in the 
preceding full-academic year in which phys-ical restraint was imposed upon a student; and 
‘‘(ii) the total number of incidents in the 
preceding full-academic year in which seclu-sion was imposed upon a student. 
‘‘(B) D
ISAGGREGATION .— 
‘‘(i) G ENERAL DISAGGREGATION REQUIRE -
MENTS .—The information described in sub-
paragraph (A) shall be disaggregated by— 
‘‘(I) the total number of incidents in which 
physical restraint or seclusion was imposed upon a student— 
‘‘(aa) that resulted in injury; ‘‘(bb) that resulted in death; and ‘‘(cc) in which the school personnel impos-
ing physical restraint or seclusion were not trained and certified as described in section 9702(a)(2)(D)(i); and 
‘‘(II) the demographic characteristics of all 
students upon whom physical restraint or se-clusion was imposed, including— 
‘‘(aa) the categories identified in section 
1111(h)(1)(C)(i); 
‘‘(bb) age; and ‘‘(cc) disability status (which has the 
meaning given the term ‘individual with a disability’ in section 7(20) of the Rehabilita-tion Act of 1973 (29 U.S.C. 705(20))). 
‘‘(ii) U
NDUPLICATED COUNT ; EXCEPTION .— 
The disaggregation required under clause (i) shall— 
‘‘(I) be carried out in a manner to ensure 
an unduplicated count of the— 
‘‘(aa) total number of incidents in the pre-
ceding full-academic year in which physical restraint was imposed upon a student; and 
‘‘(bb) total number of incidents in the pre-
ceding full-academic year in which seclusion was imposed upon a student; and 
‘‘(II) not be required in a case in which the 
number of students in a category would re-veal personally identifiable information about an individual student. 
‘‘(c) E
NFORCEMENT .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .— 
‘‘(A) U SE OF REMEDIES .—If a State edu-
cational agency fails to comply with sub-section (a) or (b), the Secretary shall— 
‘‘(i) withhold, in whole or in part, further 
payments under an applicable program (as such term is defined in section 400(c) of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:10 Feb 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00091 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27FE7.011 H27FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1466 February 27, 2015 
General Education Provisions Act (20 U.S.C. 
1221)) in accordance with section 455 of such Act (20 U.S.C. 1234d); 
‘‘(ii) require a State educational agency to 
submit, and implement, within 1 year of such failure to comply, a corrective plan of ac-tion, which may include redirection of funds received under an applicable program; or 
‘‘(iii) issue a complaint to compel compli-
ance of the State educational agency through a cease and desist order, in the same manner the Secretary is authorized to take such action under section 456 of the General Education Provisions Act (20 U.S.C. 1234e). 
‘‘(B) C
ESSATION OF WITHHOLDING OF  
FUNDS .—Whenever the Secretary determines 
(whether by certification or other appro-priate evidence) that a State educational agency who is subject to the withholding of payments under subparagraph (A)(i) has cured the failure providing the basis for the withholding of payments, the Secretary shall cease the withholding of payments with re-spect to the State educational agency under such subparagraph. 
‘‘(2) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
this subsection shall be construed to limit the Secretary’s authority under the General Education Provisions Act (20 U.S.C. 1221 et seq.). 
‘‘SEC. 9704. GRANT AUTHORITY. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—From the amount appro-
priated under section 922, the Secretary may award grants to State educational agencies to assist the agencies in— 
‘‘(1) establishing, implementing, and en-
forcing the policies and procedures to meet the minimum standards established by regu-lations promulgated by the Secretary pursu-ant to section 9702(a); 
‘‘(2) improving State and local capacity to 
collect and analyze data related to physical restraint and seclusion; and 
‘‘(3) improving school climate and culture 
by implementing school-wide positive behav-ior support approaches. 
‘‘(b) D
URATION OF GRANT .—A grant under 
this section shall be awarded to a State edu-cational agency for a 3-year period. 
‘‘(c) A
PPLICATION .—Each State educational 
agency desiring a grant under this section shall submit an application to the Secretary at such time, in such manner, and accom-panied by such information as the Secretary may require, including information on how the State educational agency will target re-sources to schools and local educational agencies in need of assistance related to pre-venting and reducing physical restraint and seclusion. 
‘‘(d) A
UTHORITY TOMAKESUBGRANTS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—A State educational 
agency receiving a grant under this section may use such grant funds to award sub-grants, on a competitive basis, to local edu-cational agencies. 
‘‘(2) A
PPLICATION .—A local educational 
agency desiring to receive a subgrant under this section shall submit an application to the applicable State educational agency at such time, in such manner, and containing such information as the State educational agency may require. 
‘‘(e) P
RIVATE SCHOOL PARTICIPATION .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—A local educational 
agency receiving subgrant funds under this section shall, after timely and meaningful consultation with appropriate private school officials, ensure that private school per-sonnel can participate, on an equitable basis, in activities supported by grant or subgrant funds. 
‘‘(2) P
UBLIC CONTROL OF FUNDS .—The con-
trol of funds provided under this section, and title to materials, equipment, and property purchased with such funds, shall be in a pub-lic agency, and a public agency shall admin-ister such funds, materials, equipment, and 
property. 
‘‘(f) R
EQUIRED ACTIVITIES .—A State edu-
cational agency receiving a grant, or a local educational agency receiving a subgrant, under this section shall use such grant or subgrant funds to carry out the following: 
‘‘(1) Researching, developing, imple-
menting, and evaluating strategies, policies, and procedures to prevent and reduce phys-ical restraint and seclusion in schools, con-sistent with the minimum standards estab-lished by regulations promulgated by the Secretary pursuant to section 9702(a). 
‘‘(2) Providing professional development, 
training, and certification for school per-sonnel to meet such standards. 
‘‘(3) Carrying out the reporting require-
ments under section 9703(b) and analyzing the information included in a report pre-pared under such section to identify student, school personnel, and school needs related to use of physical restraint and seclusion. 
‘‘(g) A
DDITIONAL AUTHORIZED ACTIVITIES .— 
In addition to the required activities de-scribed in subsection (f), a State educational agency receiving a grant, or a local edu-cational agency receiving a subgrant, under this section may use such grant or subgrant funds for one or more of the following: 
‘‘(1) Developing and implementing high- 
quality professional development and train-ing programs to implement evidence-based systematic approaches to school-wide posi-tive behavior supports, including improving coaching, facilitation, and training capacity for administrators, teachers, specialized in-structional support personnel, and other staff. 
‘‘(2) Providing technical assistance to de-
velop and implement evidence-based system-atic approaches to school-wide positive be-havior supports, including technical assist-ance for data-driven decisionmaking related to behavioral supports and interventions in the classroom. 
‘‘(3) Researching, evaluating, and dissemi-
nating high-quality evidence-based programs and activities that implement school-wide positive behavior supports with fidelity. 
‘‘(4) Supporting other local positive behav-
ior support implementation activities con-sistent with this subsection. 
‘‘(h) E
VALUATION AND REPORT .—Each State 
educational agency receiving a grant under this section shall, at the end of the 3-year grant period for such grant— 
‘‘(1) evaluate the State’s progress toward 
the prevention and reduction of physical re-straint and seclusion in the schools located in the State, consistent with the minimum standards established by regulations promul-gated by the Secretary pursuant to section 9702(a); and 
‘‘(2) submit to the Secretary a report on 
such progress. 
‘‘(i) D
EPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR .—From 
the amount appropriated under section 9708, the Secretary may allocate funds to the Sec-retary of the Interior for activities under this section with respect to schools operated or funded by the Department of the Interior, under such terms as the Secretary of Edu-cation may prescribe. 
‘‘SEC. 9705. NATIONAL ASSESSMENT. 
‘‘(a) N ATIONAL ASSESSMENT .—The Sec-
retary shall carry out a national assessment to determine the effectiveness of this part, which shall include— 
‘‘(1) analyzing data related to physical re-
straint and seclusion incidents; 
‘‘(2) analyzing the effectiveness of Federal, 
State, and local efforts to prevent and reduce the number of physical restraint and seclu-sion incidents in schools; 
‘‘(3) identifying the types of programs and 
services that have demonstrated the greatest effectiveness in preventing and reducing the 
number of physical restraint and seclusion incidents in schools; and 
‘‘(4) identifying evidence-based personnel 
training models with demonstrated success in preventing and reducing the number of physical restraint and seclusion incidents in schools, including models that emphasize positive behavior supports and de-escalation techniques over physical intervention. 
‘‘(b) R
EPORT .—The Secretary shall submit 
to the Committee on Education and the Workforce of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate— 
‘‘(1) not later than 3 years after the date of 
enactment of the Student Success Act, an in-terim report that summarizes the prelimi-nary findings of the assessment described in subsection (a); and 
‘‘(2) not later than 5 years after the date of 
the enactment of the Student Success Act, a final report of the findings of the assess-ment. 
‘‘SEC. 9706. PROTECTION AND ADVOCACY SYS-
TEMS. 
‘‘Protection and Advocacy Systems shall 
have the authority provided under section 143 of the Developmental Disabilities Assist-ance and Bill of Rights Act of 2000 (42 U.S.C. 15043) to investigate, monitor, and enforce protections provided for students under this part. 
‘‘SEC. 9707. LIMITATION OF AUTHORITY. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Nothing in this part 
shall be construed to restrict or limit, or allow the Secretary to restrict or limit, any other rights or remedies otherwise available to students or parents under Federal or State law or regulation. 
‘‘(b) A
PPLICABILITY .— 
‘‘(1) P RIVATE SCHOOLS .—Nothing in this 
part shall be construed to affect any private school that does not receive, or does not serve students who receive, support in any form from any program supported, in whole or in part, with funds appropriated to the Department of Education. 
‘‘(2) H
OME SCHOOLS .—Nothing in this part 
shall be construed to— 
‘‘(A) affect a home school, whether or not 
a home school is treated as a private school or home school under State law; or 
‘‘(B) consider parents who are schooling a 
child at home as school personnel. 
‘‘SEC. 9708. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIA-
TIONS. 
‘‘There are authorized to be appropriated 
such sums as may be necessary to carry out this part for fiscal year 2016 and each of the 4 succeeding fiscal years. 
‘‘SEC. 9709. PRESUMPTION OF CONGRESS RELAT-
ING TO COMPETITIVE PROCEDURES. 
‘‘(a) P RESUMPTION .—It is the presumption 
of Congress that grants awarded under this part will be awarded using competitive pro-cedures based on merit. 
‘‘(b) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—If grants are 
awarded under this part using procedures other than competitive procedures, the Sec-retary shall submit to Congress a report ex-plaining why competitive procedures were not used.’’. 
Subtitle D—Protecting Student Athletes 
From Concussions 
SEC. 931. PROTECTING STUDENT ATHLETES 
FROM CONCUSSIONS. 
Title IX (20 U.S.C. 7801 et seq.) is further 
amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘PART H—PROTECTING STUDENT 
ATHLETES FROM CONCUSSIONS 
‘‘SEC. 9801. MINIMUM STATE REQUIREMENTS. 
‘‘Beginning with fiscal year 2016, in order 
to be eligible to receive funds for such year or a subsequent fiscal year under this Act each State educational agency shall issue 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:10 Feb 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00092 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27FE7.011 H27FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1467 February 27, 2015 
regulations establishing the following min-
imum requirements in order to protect stu-dent academic achievement from the impact 
of concussions: 
‘‘(1) L
OCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCY CONCUS -
SION SAFETY AND MANAGEMENT PLAN .—Each 
local educational agency in the State, in consultation with members of the commu-nity in which such agency is located, shall develop and implement a standard plan for concussion safety and management that in-cludes— 
‘‘(A) the education of students, parents, 
and school personnel about concussions, such as— 
‘‘(i) the training and certification of school 
personnel, including coaches, athletic train-ers, and school nurses, on concussion safety and management; and 
‘‘(ii) using and maintaining standardized 
release forms, treatment plans, observation, monitoring and reporting forms, record-keeping forms, and post-injury fact sheets; 
‘‘(B) supports for students recovering from 
a concussion, such as— 
‘‘(i) guiding such student in resuming par-
ticipation in athletic activity and academic activities with the help of a multi-discipli-nary team, which may include— 
‘‘(I) a health care professional, the parents 
of such student, a school nurse, or other rel-evant school personnel; and 
‘‘(II) an individual who is assigned by a 
public school to oversee and manage the re-covery of such student; 
‘‘(ii) providing appropriate academic ac-
commodations; and 
‘‘(iii) referring students whose symptoms 
of concussion reemerge or persist upon the reintroduction of cognitive and physical de-mands for evaluation of the eligibility of such students for services under the Indi-vidual with Disabilities Education Act (20 U.S.C. 1400 et seq.) and the Rehabilitation Act of 1973 (29 U.S.C. 701 note et seq.); and 
‘‘(C) best practices designed to ensure, with 
respect to concussions, the uniformity of safety standards, treatment, and manage-ment, such as— 
‘‘(i) disseminating information on concus-
sion management safety and management to the public; and 
‘‘(ii) applying uniform standards for con-
cussion safety and management to all stu-dents enrolled in public schools. 
‘‘(2) P
OSTING OF INFORMATION ON CONCUS -
SIONS .—Each public elementary school and 
each secondary school shall post on school grounds, in a manner that is visible to stu-dents and school personnel, and make pub-licly available on the school website, infor-mation on concussions that— 
‘‘(A) is based on peer-reviewed scientific 
evidence (such as information made avail-able by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention); 
‘‘(B) shall include— ‘‘(i) the risks posed by sustaining a concus-
sion; 
‘‘(ii) the actions a student should take in 
response to sustaining a concussion, includ-ing the notification of school personnel; and 
‘‘(iii) the signs and symptoms of a concus-
sion; and 
‘‘(C) may include— ‘‘(i) the definition of a concussion; ‘‘(ii) the means available to the student to 
reduce the incidence or recurrence of a con-cussion; and 
‘‘(iii) the effects of a concussion on aca-
demic learning and performance. 
‘‘(3) R
ESPONSE TO CONCUSSION .—If any 
school personnel, including coaches and ath-letic trainers, of a public school suspects that a student has sustained a concussion during a school-sponsored athletic activity— 
‘‘(A) the student shall be— ‘‘(i) immediately removed from participa-
tion in such activity; and 
‘‘(ii) prohibited from returning to partici-
pate in school-sponsored athletic activities— 
‘‘(I) on the day such student sustained a 
concussion; and 
‘‘(II) until such student submits a written 
release from a health care professional stat-ing that the student is capable of resuming participation in school-sponsored athletic activities; and 
‘‘(B) such personnel shall report to the par-
ent or guardian of such student— 
‘‘(i) the date, time, and extent of the injury 
suffered by such student; and 
‘‘(ii) any actions taken to treat such stu-
dent. 
‘‘(4) R
ETURN TO ATHLETICS AND ACA -
DEMICS .—Before a student who has sustained 
a concussion in a school-sponsored athletic activity resumes participation in school- sponsored athletic activities or academic ac-tivities, the school shall receive a written re-lease from a health care professional, that— 
‘‘(A) states that the student is capable of 
resuming participation in such activities; and 
‘‘(B) may require the student to follow a 
plan designed to aid the student in recov-ering and resuming participation in such ac-tivities in a manner that— 
‘‘(i) is coordinated, as appropriate, with pe-
riods of cognitive and physical rest while symptoms of a concussion persist; and 
‘‘(ii) reintroduces cognitive and physical 
demands on such student on a progressive basis only as such increases in exertion do not cause the reemergence or worsening of symptoms of a concussion. 
‘‘SEC. 9802. REPORT TO SECRETARY OF EDU-
CATION. 
‘‘Not later than 6 months after promul-
gating regulations pursuant to section 9801 in order to be eligible to receive funds under this Act, each State educational agency shall submit to the Secretary of Education a report that contains— 
‘‘(1) a description of the State regulations 
promulgated pursuant to section 9801; and 
‘‘(2) an assurance that the State has imple-
mented such regulations. 
‘‘SEC. 9803. RULE OF CONSTRUCTION. 
‘‘Nothing in this subtitle shall be con-
strued to alter or supersede State law with respect to education standards or procedures or civil liability. 
‘‘SEC. 9804. DEFINITIONS. 
‘‘In this subtitle: ‘‘(1) C
ONCUSSION .—The term ‘concussion’ 
means a type of traumatic brain injury that— 
‘‘(A) is caused by a blow, jolt, or motion to 
the head or body that causes the brain to move rapidly in the skull; 
‘‘(B) disrupts normal brain functioning and 
alters the mental state of the individual, causing the individual to experience— 
‘‘(i) any period of observed or self-reported 
— 
‘‘(I) transient confusion, disorientation, or 
impaired consciousness; 
‘‘(II) dysfunction of memory around the 
time of injury; and 
‘‘(III) loss of consciousness lasting less 
than 30 minutes; 
‘‘(ii) any one of four types of symptoms of 
a headache, including— 
‘‘(I) physical symptoms, such as headache, 
fatigue, or dizziness; 
‘‘(II) cognitive symptoms, such as memory 
disturbance or slowed thinking; 
‘‘(III) emotional symptoms, such as irrita-
bility or sadness; and 
‘‘(IV) difficulty sleeping; and ‘‘(C) can occur— ‘‘(i) with or without the loss of conscious-
ness; and ‘‘(ii) during participation in any organized 
sport or recreational activity. 
‘‘(2) H
EALTH CARE PROFESSIONAL .—The 
term ‘health care professional’ means a phy-sician, nurse, certified athletic trainer, phys-ical therapist, neuropsychologist or other qualified individual who— 
‘‘(A) is a registered, licensed, certified, or 
otherwise statutorily recognized by the State to provide medical treatment; 
‘‘(B) is experienced in the diagnosis and 
management of traumatic brain injury among a pediatric population; and 
‘‘(C) may be a volunteer. ‘‘(3) S
CHOOL PERSONNEL .—The term ‘school 
personnel’ has the meaning given such term in section 4151. 
‘‘(4) S
CHOOL -SPONSORED ATHLETIC ACTIV -
ITY.—The term ‘school-sponsored athletic ac-
tivity’ means— 
‘‘(A) any physical education class or pro-
gram of a school; 
‘‘(B) any athletic activity authorized dur-
ing the school day on school grounds that is not an instructional activity; and 
‘‘(C) any extracurricular sports team, club, 
or league organized by a school on or off school grounds.’’. 
TITLE X—EDUCATION FOR HOMELESS 
CHILDREN AND YOUTHS 
SEC. 1001. EDUCATION FOR HOMELESS CHIL-
DREN AND YOUTHS. 
Subtitle B of title VII of the McKinney- 
Vento Homeless Assistance Act is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘Subtitle B—Education for Homeless 
Children and Youths 
‘‘SEC. 721. STATEMENT OF POLICY. 
‘‘The following is the policy of Congress: ‘‘(1) Each State educational agency shall 
ensure that each homeless child and youth has access to the same free, appropriate pub-lic education, including a public preschool education, as provided to other children and youth. 
‘‘(2) In any State where compulsory resi-
dency requirements or other requirements of laws, regulations, practices, or policies may act as a barrier to the identification, enroll-ment, attendance, or success in school of homeless children and youth, the State shall 
review and revise such laws, regulations, practices, or policies to ensure that homeless children and youth are afforded the same free appropriate public education as is pro-vided to other children and youth. 
‘‘(3) Homelessness is not a sufficient reason 
to separate students from the mainstream school environment. 
‘‘(4) Homeless children and youth shall 
have access to the education and other serv-ices that such children and youth need to en-sure that such children and youth have an opportunity to meet the same college and ca-reer ready State student academic achieve-ment standards to which all students are held. 
‘‘SEC. 722. GRANTS FOR STATE AND LOCAL AC-
TIVITIES FOR THE EDUCATION OF HOMELESS CHILDREN AND YOUTHS. 
‘‘(a) G ENERAL AUTHORITY .—The Secretary 
is authorized to make grants to States from allotments made under subsection (c) and in accordance with this section to enable such States to carry out the activities described in subsections (d) through (g). 
‘‘(b) A
PPLICATION .—In order for a State to 
be eligible to receive a grant under this sec-tion, the State educational agency, in con-sultation with other relevant State agencies, shall submit an application to the Secretary at such time, in such manner, and con-taining or accompanied by such information as the Secretary may reasonably require. 
‘‘(c) A
LLOCATION AND RESERVATIONS .— 
‘‘(1) A LLOCATION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraph 
(C), the Secretary is authorized to allot to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:10 Feb 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00093 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27FE7.011 H27FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1468 February 27, 2015 
each State an amount that bears the same 
ratio to the amount appropriated for such year under section 727 that remains after the Secretary reserves funds under paragraph (2) and uses funds to carry out section 724(d) and (h), as the amount allocated under section 1122 of the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6332) to the State for that year bears to the total amount allocated under section 1122 of such Act to all States for that year, except as provided in subparagraph (B)— 
‘‘(B) M
INIMUM ALLOTMENTS .—No State shall 
receive for a fiscal year less under this para-graph than the greater of— 
‘‘(i) $300,000; or ‘‘(ii) an amount that bears the same ratio 
to the amount appropriated for such year under section 727 that remains after the Sec-retary reserves funds under paragraph (2) and uses funds to carry out section 724 (d) and (h), as the amount the State received under this paragraph for the preceding fiscal year bears to the total amount received by all States under this paragraph for the pre-ceding fiscal year. 
‘‘(C) R
EDUCTION FOR INSUFFICIENT FUNDS .— 
If there are insufficient funds in a fiscal year to allot to each State the minimum amount under subparagraph (B), the Secretary shall ratably reduce the allotments to all States based on the proportionate share that each State received under this subsection for the preceding fiscal year. 
‘‘(2) R
ESERVATIONS .— 
‘‘(A) S TUDENTS IN TERRITORIES .—The Sec-
retary is authorized to reserve 0.1 percent of the amount appropriated for each fiscal year under section 727 to be allocated by the Sec-retary among the United States Virgin Is-lands, Guam, American Samoa, and the Com-monwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, according to their respective need for assist-ance under this title, as determined by the Secretary. Funds allocated under this sub-paragraph shall be used for programs that are consistent with the purposes of the pro-grams described in this subtitle. 
‘‘(B) I
NDIAN STUDENTS .— 
‘‘(i) T RANSFER .—The Secretary shall trans-
fer 1 percent of the amount appropriated for each fiscal year under section 727 to the De-partment of the Interior for programs that are for Indian students served by schools funded by the Secretary of the Interior, as determined under the Indian Self-Determina-tion and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 450 et seq.), and that are consistent with the purposes of the programs described in this title. 
‘‘(ii) A
GREEMENT .—The Secretary of Edu-
cation and the Secretary of the Interior shall enter into an agreement, consistent with the requirements of this title, for the distribu-tion and use of the funds described in clause (i) under terms that the Secretary of Edu-cation determines best meet the purposes of the programs described in this title. Such agreement shall set forth the plans of the Secretary of the Interior for the use of the funds transferred, including appropriate goals, objectives, and milestones for that use. 
‘‘(d) S
TATE ACTIVITIES .—Grant funds from 
a grant made to a State under this section shall be used for the following: 
‘‘(1) To provide activities for and services 
to improve the identification of homeless children and youth and enable such children and youth to enroll in, attend, and succeed in school, including in early childhood edu-cation programs. 
‘‘(2) To establish or designate an Office of 
the Coordinator for Education of Homeless Children and Youth in the State educational agency in accordance with subsection (f) that has sufficient knowledge, authority, and time to carry out the duties described in 
this title. 
‘‘(3) To prepare and carry out the State 
plan described in subsection (g). 
‘‘(4) To develop and implement professional 
development activities for liaisons des-ignated under subsection (g)(1)(J)(ii), other local educational agency school personnel, and community agencies to improve their— 
‘‘(A) identification of homeless children 
and youth; and 
‘‘(B) awareness of, and capacity to respond 
to, specific needs in the education of home-less children and youth. 
‘‘(e) S
TATE AND LOCAL SUBGRANTS .— 
‘‘(1) M INIMUM DISBURSEMENTS BY STATES .— 
From the grant funds made available each year to a State under subsection (a) to carry out this title, the State educational agency shall distribute not less than 75 percent by making subgrants under section 723 to local educational agencies for the purposes of car-rying out section 723. 
‘‘(2) U
SE BY STATE EDUCATIONAL AGENCY .—A 
State educational agency may use any grant funds remaining after making subgrants under section 723 to conduct activities under subsection (f) directly or through making grants or entering into contracts. 
‘‘(3) P
ROHIBITION ON SEGREGATING HOMELESS  
STUDENTS .—In providing a free public edu-
cation to a homeless child or youth, no State receiving funds under this title shall seg-regate such child or youth in a separate school, or in a separate program within a school, based on such child’s or youth’s sta-tus as homeless. 
‘‘(A) E
XCEPTION .—Notwithstanding para-
graph (3), paragraphs (1)(J)(i) and (3) of sub-section (g), section 723(a)(2), and any other 
provision of this title relating to the place-ment of homeless children or youths in schools, a State that has a separate school for homeless children or youths that was op-erated and in receipt of funds under this title in fiscal year 2015 in a covered county shall be eligible to receive funds under this title for programs carried out in such school. 
‘‘(B) D
EFINITION .—For purposes of this 
paragraph, the term ‘covered county’ means San Diego County, California. 
‘‘(f) F
UNCTIONS OF THE OFFICE OF COORDI -
NATOR .—The Coordinator for Education of 
Homeless Children and Youth established in each State shall— 
‘‘(1) gather and make publicly available re-
liable, valid, and comprehensive information on 
‘‘(A) the nature and extent of the problems 
homeless children and youth have in gaining access to public preschool programs, and to public elementary schools and secondary schools; 
‘‘(B) the difficulties in identifying the spe-
cial needs and barriers to participation and achievement of such children and youth; 
‘‘(C) any progress made by the State edu-
cational agency and local educational agen-cies in the State in addressing such problems and difficulties; and 
‘‘(D) the success of the programs under this 
title in identifying homeless children and youth and allowing homeless children and youth to enroll in, attend, and succeed in school; and 
‘‘(2) develop and carry out the State plan 
described in subsection (g); 
‘‘(3) collect data for and transmit to the 
Secretary, at such time and in such manner as the Secretary may require, reports con-taining such information as the Secretary determines is necessary to assess the edu-cational needs of homeless children and youth within the State including data re-quested pursuant to section 724(h); 
‘‘(4) improve the provision of comprehen-
sive education and related support services to homeless children and youth and their families, and to minimize educational dis-
ruption, through coordination of activities and collaboration with— 
‘‘(A) educators, including teachers, admin-
istrators, specialized instructional support personnel, and child development and pre-school program personnel; 
‘‘(B) providers of services to homeless chil-
dren and youth and homeless families, public and private child welfare and social service agencies, law enforcement agencies, juvenile and family courts, agencies providing mental health services, domestic violence agencies, child care providers, runaway and homeless youth centers, and providers of services and programs funded under the Runaway and Homeless Youth Act (42 U.S.C. 5701 et seq.); 
‘‘(C) providers of emergency, transitional, 
and permanent housing to homeless children and youth, and their families, including pub-lic housing agencies, shelter operators, oper-ators of transitional housing facilities, and providers of transitional living programs for homeless youth; 
‘‘(D) local educational agency liaisons des-
ignated under subsection (g)(1)(J)(ii) for homeless children and youths; and 
‘‘(E) community organizations and groups 
representing homeless children and youth and their families; and 
‘‘(5) provide professional development and 
technical assistance to and conduct moni-toring of local educational agencies, in co-ordination with local educational agency li-aisons designated under subsection (g)(1)(J)(ii), to ensure that local educational agencies comply with the requirements of paragraphs (3) through (8) of subsection (g), and subsection (e)(3); and 
‘‘(g) S
TATE PLAN.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Each State shall submit 
to the Secretary and implement a plan to provide for the education of homeless chil-dren and youth within the State. Such plan shall include the following: 
‘‘(A) A description of how such children 
and youth are (or will be) given the oppor-tunity 
‘‘(i) to meet the same challenging State 
academic achievement standards all stu-dents are expected to meet; and 
‘‘(ii) to become college and career ready. ‘‘(B) A description of the procedures the 
State educational agency will use, in coordi-
nation with local educational agencies, to identify such children and youths in the State and to assess their needs. 
‘‘(C) A description of procedures for the 
prompt resolution of disputes arising under this title, which shall— 
‘‘(i) be developed in coordination and col-
laboration with the liaisons designated under subparagraph (J)(ii); 
‘‘(ii) be readily available and provided in a 
written format and, to the extent prac-ticable, in a manner and form understand-able to the parents and guardians of home-less children and youth; 
‘‘(iii) take into account the educational 
best interest of the homeless child or youth, or unaccompanied youth, involved; and 
‘‘(iv) ensure that parents and guardians of 
homeless children and youth, and unaccom-panied youth, who have exhausted the proce-dures available under this paragraph are able to appeal to the State educational agency, and are enrolled in school pursuant to para-graph (4)(C) and receive transportation pur-suant to subparagraph (J)(iii) pending final resolution of the dispute. 
‘‘(D) A description of programs for school 
personnel (including the liaisons, principals, attendance officers, teachers, enrollment personnel, and specialized instructional sup-port personnel) to increase the awareness of such personnel of the specific needs of home-less adolescents, including runaway and homeless youth. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:10 Feb 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00094 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27FE7.011 H27FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1469 February 27, 2015 
‘‘(E) A description of procedures that en-
sure that homeless children and youth are able to participate in Federal, State, or local nutrition programs. 
‘‘(F) A description of procedures that en-
sure that— 
‘‘(i) homeless children have access to pub-
lic preschool programs, administered by the State educational agency or local edu-cational agency, including through the poli-cies and practices required under paragraph (3); 
‘‘(ii) homeless youths and youth separated 
from the public schools, are identified and accorded equal access to appropriate and available secondary education and support services, including receiving appropriate credit for full or partial coursework satisfac-torily completed while attending a prior school, and for work completed after their enrollment in a new school, consistent with State graduation requirements and accredi-tation standards; and 
‘‘(iii) homeless children and youth who 
meet the relevant eligibility criteria are able to participate in Federal, State, or local edu-cational programs, such as 
‘‘(I) innovative school models, including 
charter schools, magnet schools, and blended learning schools; 
‘‘(II) expanded learning time and out-of- 
school time programs, including before- and after-school programs and summer schools; 
‘‘(III) middle and secondary school enrich-
ment programs, including career and tech-nical education, advanced placement, inter-national baccalaureate, and dual enrollment courses; 
‘‘(IV) online learning opportunities, includ-
ing virtual schools; and 
‘‘(V) relevant workforce investment pro-
grams. 
‘‘(G) Strategies to address problems identi-
fied in the reports provided to the Secretary under subsection (f)(3). 
‘‘(H) Strategies to address other problems 
with respect to the education of homeless children and youth, including enrollment problems related to— 
‘‘(i) immunization and other required 
health records and screenings; 
‘‘(ii) residency requirements; ‘‘(iii) lack of birth certificates, school 
records, or other documentation; 
‘‘(iv) guardianship issues; or ‘‘(v) uniform or dress code requirements. ‘‘(I) A demonstration that the State edu-
cational agency and local educational agen-cies and schools in the State have developed, and shall review and revise, their policies and practices to remove barriers to the iden-
tification, enrollment, attendance, reten-tion, and success of homeless children and youth in schools, including early childhood education programs, in the State. 
‘‘(J) Assurances that the following will be 
carried out— 
‘‘(i) the State educational agency and local 
educational agencies in the State will adopt policies and practices to ensure that home-less children and youth are not stigmatized or segregated on the basis of their status as homeless; 
‘‘(ii) local educational agencies will des-
ignate an appropriate staff person as the local educational agency liaison for home-less children and youth, who shall have suffi-cient training and time to carry out the du-ties described in paragraph (7)(A), and who may also be a coordinator for other Federal programs. 
‘‘(iii) the State and local educational agen-
cies in the State will adopt policies and prac-tices to ensure that transportation is pro-vided at the request of the parent or guard-ian involved (or in the case of an unaccom-panied youth, the liaison), to and from the school of origin for as long as the student has the right to attend the school of origin 
as determined in paragraph (4)(A), in accord-ance with the following, where applicable: 
‘‘(I) If the child or youth continues to live 
in the area served by the local educational agency for the school of origin, the child’s or youth’s transportation to and from the school of origin shall be provided or arranged by the local educational agency for the school of origin. 
‘‘(II) If the child’s or youth’s living ar-
rangements in the area served by the local educational agency of origin terminate and the child or youth, though continuing the child’s or youth’s education in the school of origin, begins living in an area served by an-other local educational agency, the local educational agency of origin and the local educational agency for the area in which the child or youth is living shall agree upon a method to apportion the responsibility and cost for providing transportation to and from the school of origin. If the local edu-cational agencies are unable to agree upon such method, the responsibility and costs for transportation shall be shared equally be-tween the agencies. 
‘‘(iv) The State educational agency and 
local educational agencies will adopt policies and practices to promote school success for homeless children and youth, including ac-cess to full participation in academic and ex-tracurricular activities that are made avail-able to non-homeless students. 
‘‘(2) C
OMPLIANCE .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Each plan adopted under 
this subsection shall also describe how the State will ensure that local educational agencies in the State will comply with the requirements of paragraphs (3) through (8). 
‘‘(B) C
OORDINATION .—Such plan shall indi-
cate what technical assistance the State will furnish to local educational agencies and how compliance efforts will be coordinated with the local educational agency liaisons designated under paragraph (1)(J)(ii). 
‘‘(3) L
OCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCY REQUIRE -
MENTS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The local educational 
agency serving each child or youth to be as-sisted under this title shall, according to the child’s or youth’s best interest— 
‘‘(i) continue the child’s or youth’s edu-
cation in the school of origin for the dura-tion of homelessness— 
‘‘(I) in any case in which the child or youth 
becomes a homeless child or youth between academic years or during an academic year; or 
‘‘(II) for the remainder of the academic 
year, if the child or youth becomes perma-
nently housed during an academic year; or 
‘‘(ii) enroll the child or youth in any public 
school that nonhomeless students who live in the attendance area in which the child or youth is actually living are eligible to at-tend. 
‘‘(B) B
EST INTEREST .—In determining the 
best interest of the child or youth under sub-paragraph (A), the local educational agency shall— 
‘‘(i) presume that keeping a homeless child 
or youth in the school of origin is in the child’s or youth’s best interest, except when doing so is contrary to the wishes of the child’s or youth’s parent or guardian; 
‘‘(ii) consider student-centered factors re-
lated to the child’s or youth’s best interest, including factors related to the impact of mobility on achievement, education, health, and safety of homeless children and youth, giving priority to the wishes of the homeless child’s or youth’s parent or guardian or the unaccompanied youth involved; 
‘‘(iii) if, after conducting the best interest 
determination described in clause (ii), the local educational agency determines that it is not in the child’s or youth’s best interest to attend the school or origin or the school 
requested by the parent, guardian, or unac-companied youth, provide, in coordination with the local educational agency liaison, the homeless child’s or youth’s parent or guardian or the unaccompanied youth, with a written explanation in a manner or form understandable to such parent, guardian, or youth, to the extent practicable, including a statement regarding the right to appeal under subparagraph (E); 
‘‘(iv) in the case of an unaccompanied 
youth, ensure that the homeless liaison des-ignated under paragraph (1)(J)(ii) assists in placement or enrollment decisions under this subparagraph, gives priority to the 
views of such unaccompanied youth, and pro-vides notice to such youth of the right to ap-peal under subparagraph (E); and 
‘‘(v) provide transportation pursuant to 
paragraphs (1)(J)(iii) and (5). 
‘‘(C) E
NROLLMENT .— 
‘‘(i) E NROLLMENT .—The school selected in 
accordance with this paragraph shall imme-diately enroll the homeless child or youth, even if the child or youth— 
‘‘(I) is unable to produce records tradition-
ally required for enrollment, including pre-vious academic records, health records, proof of residency or guardianship, or other docu-mentation; 
‘‘(II) has unpaid fines or fees from prior 
schools or is unable to pay fees in the school selected; or 
‘‘(III) has missed application or enrollment 
deadlines during any period of homelessness. 
‘‘(ii) C
ONTACTING SCHOOL LAST ATTENDED .— 
The enrolling school shall immediately con-tact the school last attended by the child or youth to obtain relevant academic and other records. 
‘‘(iii) R
ELEVANT HEALTH RECORDS .—If the 
child or youth needs to obtain immuniza-tions or other required health records, the enrolling school shall immediately enroll the child or youth and immediately refer the parent or guardian of the child or youth, or the unaccompanied youth, to the local edu-cational agency liaison designated under paragraph (1)(J)(ii), who shall assist in ob-taining necessary immunizations or screenings or other required health records, in accordance with subparagraph (D). 
‘‘(iv) N
O LIABILITY .—Whenever the school 
selected enrolls an unaccompanied youth in accordance with this paragraph, no liability shall be imposed upon the school by reason of enrolling the youth without parent or guardian consent. 
‘‘(D) R
ECORDS .—Any record ordinarily kept 
by the school, including immunization or medical records, academic records, birth cer-tificates, guardianship records, and evalua-tions for special services or programs, re-garding each homeless child or youth shall be maintained— 
‘‘(i) so that the records involved are avail-
able when a child or youth enters a new school or school district, even if the child or youth owes fees or fines or did not withdraw from the previous school in conformance with local withdrawal procedures; and 
‘‘(ii) in a manner consistent with section 
444 of the General Education Provisions Act (20 U.S.C. 1232g). 
‘‘(E) D
ISPUTES .—If a dispute arises over eli-
gibility, enrollment, school selection or serv-ice in a public school or public preschool, or any other issue relating to services under this title— 
‘‘(i) in the case of a dispute relating to eli-
gibility for enrollment or school selection, the child or youth shall be immediately en-rolled in the school in which enrollment is sought, pending final resolution of the dis-pute including all available appeals; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:10 Feb 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00095 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27FE7.011 H27FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1470 February 27, 2015 
‘‘(ii) the parent or guardian of the child or 
youth shall be provided with a written expla-nation of the school’s decision regarding eli-gibility for enrollment, school selection, or services, made by the school or the local edu-cational agency, which shall include infor-mation about the right to appeal the deci-sion; 
‘‘(iii) the child, youth, parent, or guardian 
shall be referred to the local educational agency liaison designated under paragraph (1)(J)(ii), who shall carry out the dispute res-olution process as described in paragraph (1)(C) as expeditiously as possible after re-ceiving notice of such dispute; and 
‘‘(iv) in the case of an unaccompanied 
youth, the liaison shall ensure that the youth is immediately enrolled in the school in which the youth seeks enrollment, pend-ing resolution of such dispute. 
‘‘(F) P
LACEMENT CHOICE .—The choice re-
garding placement shall be made regardless of whether the child or youth involved lives with the homeless parents or has been tem-porarily placed elsewhere. 
‘‘(G) S
CHOOL OF ORIGIN DEFINED .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—In this paragraph, the 
term ‘school of origin’ means the school that the child or youth attended when perma-nently housed or the school in which the child or youth was last enrolled. 
‘‘(ii) R
ECEIVING SCHOOL .—When a child or 
youth completes the final grade level served by the school of origin, as described in clause (i), the term ‘school of origin’ shall include the designated receiving school at the next grade level for the feeder school that the child or youth attended. 
‘‘(H) C
ONTACT INFORMATION .—Nothing in 
this title shall prohibit a local educational agency from requiring a parent or guardian of a homeless child to submit contact infor-mation. 
‘‘(I) P
RIVACY .—Information about a home-
less child’s or youth’s living situation shall be treated as a student education record under section 444 of the General Education Provisions Act (20 U.S.C. 1232g) and shall not be released to housing providers, employers, law enforcement personnel, or other persons or agencies not authorized to have such in-formation under section 99.31 of title 34, Code of Federal Regulations, paying particular at-tention to preventing disruption of the living situation of the child or youth and to sup-porting the safety of such children and youth who are survivors of domestic violence and unaccompanied youth. 
‘‘(J) A
CADEMIC ACHIEVEMENT .—The school 
selected in accordance with this paragraph shall ensure that homeless children and youth have opportunities to meet the same college and career ready State student aca-demic achievement standards to which other students are held, including implementing the policies and practices required by para-graph (1)(J)(iv). 
‘‘(4) C
OMPARABLE SERVICES .—In addition to 
receiving services provided for homeless chil-dren and youth under this title or other Fed-eral, State, or local laws, regulations, poli-cies, or practices, each homeless child or youth to be assisted under this title shall be provided services comparable to services of-fered to other students in the school selected under paragraph (4), including the following: 
‘‘(A) Transportation services. ‘‘(B) Educational services for which the 
child or youth meets the eligibility criteria, such as services provided under title I of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6301 et seq.), similar State or local programs, charter schools, magnet schools, educational programs for children with disabilities, and educational programs for students with limited English pro-ficiency. ‘‘(C) Programs in vocational and technical 
education. 
‘‘(D) Programs for gifted and talented stu-
dents. 
‘‘(E) School nutrition programs. ‘‘(F) Health and counseling services, as ap-
propriate. 
‘‘(5) C
OORDINATION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Each local educational 
agency shall coordinate— 
‘‘(i) the provision of services under this 
title with the services of local social services agencies and other agencies or entities pro-viding services to homeless children and youth and their families, including services and programs funded under the Runaway and Homeless Youth Act (42 U.S.C. 5701 et seq.); and 
‘‘(ii) transportation, transfer of school 
records, and other interdistrict activities, with other local educational agencies. 
‘‘(B) H
OUSING ASSISTANCE .—Each State edu-
cational agency and local educational agen-cy that receives assistance under this title shall coordinate, if applicable, with State and local housing agencies responsible for developing the comprehensive housing af-fordability strategy described in section 105 of the Cranston-Gonzalez National Afford-able Housing Act (42 U.S.C. 12705) to mini-mize educational disruption for children and youth who become homeless. 
‘‘(C) C
OORDINATION PURPOSE .—The coordi-
nation required under subparagraphs (A) and (B) shall be designed to— 
‘‘(i) ensure that all homeless children and 
youth are identified within a reasonable time frame; 
‘‘(ii) ensure that all homeless children and 
youth have access to and are in reasonable proximity to available education and related support services; and 
‘‘(iii) raise the awareness of school per-
sonnel and service providers of the effects of short-term stays in a shelter and other chal-lenges associated with homelessness. 
‘‘(D) H
OMELESS CHILDREN AND YOUTHS WITH  
DISABILITIES .—For children and youth who 
are to be assisted both under this title, and under the Individuals with Disabilities Edu-cation Act (20 U.S.C. 1400 et seq.) or section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973 (29 U.S.C. 794), each local educational agency shall coordinate the provision of services under this title with the provision of pro-grams for children with disabilities served by such local educational agency and other in-volved local educational agencies. 
‘‘(6) L
OCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCY LIAISON .— 
‘‘(A) D UTIES .—Each local educational agen-
cy liaison for homeless children and youth, designated under paragraph (1)(J)(ii), shall ensure that— 
‘‘(i) all homeless children and youths are 
identified by school personnel and through coordination activities with other entities and agencies; 
‘‘(ii) homeless children and youth are en-
rolled in, and have a full and equal oppor-tunity to succeed in, schools of that local educational agency; 
‘‘(iii) homeless families, children, and 
youth have access to educational services for which such families, children, and youth are eligible, including services through Head Start, Early Head Start, early intervention, and Even Start programs, and preschool pro-grams; 
‘‘(iv) homeless families, and homeless chil-
dren and youth, receive referrals to health care services, dental services, mental health and substance abuse services, housing serv-ices, and other appropriate services; 
‘‘(v) homeless children and youth are cer-
tified as eligible for free meals offered under the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act (42 U.S.C. 1751 et seq.) and the Child Nutrition Act of 1966 (42 U.S.C. 1771 et 
seq.), without further application; 
‘‘(vi) the parents or guardians of homeless 
children and youth are informed of the edu-cational and related opportunities available to their children, including early learning opportunities, and are provided with mean-ingful opportunities to participate in the education of their children; 
‘‘(vii) public notice of the educational 
rights of homeless children and youth is in-corporated into documents related to resi-dency requirements or enrollment, provided upon school enrollment and withdrawal, posted on the local educational agency’s website, and disseminated in locations fre-quented by parents and guardians of home-less children and youth and unaccompanied youth, including schools, shelters, public li-braries, and soup kitchens in a manner and form understandable to parents and guard-ians of homeless children and youth and un-accompanied youth; 
‘‘(viii) disputes are resolved in accordance 
with paragraph (3)(E); 
‘‘(ix) the parent or guardian of a homeless 
child or youth, or any unaccompanied youth, is fully informed of all transportation serv-ices, including transportation to the school of origin, as described in paragraph (1)(J)(iii), and is assisted in accessing trans-portation to the school that is selected under paragraph (4)(A). 
‘‘(x) school personnel are adequately pre-
pared to implement this title and receive professional development, resource mate-rials, technical assistance, and other sup-port; and 
‘‘(xi) unaccompanied youth— ‘‘(I) are enrolled in school; ‘‘(II) have opportunities to meet the same 
college and career ready State student aca-demic achievement standards to which other students are held, including through imple-mentation of the policies and practices re-quired by subparagraphs (F)(ii) and (J)(iv) of paragraph (1); and 
‘‘(III) are informed of their status as inde-
pendent students under section 480 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1087vv), including through school counselors that have received professional development about unaccompanied youth, and receive verification of such status for purposes of the Free Application for Federal Student Aid described in section 483 of such Act (20 U.S.C. 1090). 
‘‘(B) N
OTICE .—State coordinators ap-
pointed under subsection (d)(2) and local edu-cational agencies shall inform school per-sonnel, service providers, and advocates working with homeless families and home-less children and youth of the contact infor-mation and duties of the local educational agency liaisons, including publishing an an-nually updated list of the liaisons working in the State on the State educational agency’s website. 
‘‘(C) L
OCAL AND STATE COORDINATION .—the 
local educational agency liaisons shall, as a part of their duties, coordinate and collabo-rate with State coordinators and community and school personnel responsible for the pro-vision of education and related support serv-ices to homeless children and youth. Such coordination shall include collecting and providing to the State Coordinator the reli-able, valid, and comprehensive data needed to meet the requirements of paragraphs (1) and (3) of subsection (f). 
‘‘(D) P
ROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT .—The 
local educational agency liaisons shall par-ticipate in the professional development and other technical assistance activities pro-vided by the State Coordinator pursuant to subsection (f)(5). 
‘‘(h) E
MERGENCY DISASTER GRANTS .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:10 Feb 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00096 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27FE7.011 H27FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1471 February 27, 2015 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall 
make emergency disaster grants to eligible local educational agencies and eligible States described in paragraph (2), in order to increase the capacity for such local edu-cational agencies and States to respond to major disasters. 
‘‘(2) E
LIGIBILITY ; APPLICATION .— 
‘‘(A) E LIGIBILITY .— 
‘‘(i) L OCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCY ELIGI -
BILITY .—A local educational agency shall be 
eligible to receive an emergency disaster grant under this subsection, based on dem-onstrated need, if such local educational agency’s enrollment of homeless children and youth has increased as a result of a hur-ricane, flood, or other natural disaster for which the President declared a major dis-aster under title IV of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5170 et seq.). 
‘‘(ii) S
TATE ELIGIBILITY .—A State, through 
the Office of the Coordinator for Education of Homeless Children and Youths in the State educational agency, shall be eligible to receive an emergency disaster grant under this subsection if there are 1 or more eligible local educational agencies, as described in clause (i), located within the State. 
‘‘(B) A
PPLICATION .—In order for an eligible 
State or an eligible local educational agency to receive a grant under this subsection, the State educational agency, in consultation with other relevant State agencies, or local educational agency shall submit an applica-tion to the Secretary at such time, in such manner, and containing or accompanied by such information as the Secretary may rea-sonably require. 
‘‘(3) D
ISTRIBUTION OF GRANTS .—The Sec-
retary shall distribute emergency disaster grant funds— 
‘‘(A) based on demonstrated need, to State 
educational agencies or local educational agencies for local educational agencies 
whose enrollment of homeless children and youths has increased as a result of a hurri-cane, flood, or other natural disaster for which the President has declared a major disaster under title IV of the Robert T. Staf-ford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assist-ance Act (42 U.S.C. 5170 et seq.); 
‘‘(B) expeditiously, and in no case later 
than 75 days after such funds are appro-priated to the Secretary; and 
‘‘(C) in a manner that enables local edu-
cational agencies to use such funds for the immediate needs of disaster response and on-going disaster recovery. 
‘‘(4) A
MOUNT OF GRANTS .—The Secretary 
shall distribute grants under this subsection in amounts determined by the Secretary and related to the increase in enrollment of homeless children and youths as a result of such major disaster. 
‘‘(5) U
SES OF FUNDS .—A local educational 
agency or State educational agency that re-ceives an emergency disaster grant under this subsection shall use the grant funds to carry out the activities described in section 723(d). 
‘‘SEC. 723. LOCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCY SUB-
GRANTS FOR THE EDUCATION OF HOMELESS CHILDREN AND YOUTH. 
‘‘(a) G ENERAL AUTHORITY .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The State educational 
agency shall, in accordance with section 722(e), and from amounts made available to such agency under section 727, make sub-grants to local educational agencies for the purpose of facilitating the identification, en-rollment, attendance, and success in school of homeless children and youth. 
‘‘(2) S
ERVICES .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Services under para-
graph (1)— 
‘‘(i) may be provided through programs on 
school grounds or at other facilities; and ‘‘(ii) shall, to the maximum extent prac-
ticable, be provided through existing pro-grams and mechanisms that integrate home-less children and youth with nonhomeless children and youth. 
‘‘(B) S
ERVICES ON SCHOOL GROUNDS .—If serv-
ices under paragraph (1) are provided to homeless children and youth on school grounds, the schools involved may use funds under this subtitle to provide the same serv-ices to other children and youth who are de-termined by the local educational agency serving the school to be at risk of failing in, or dropping out of, school. 
‘‘(3) R
EQUIREMENT .—Services provided 
under this section shall not replace the reg-ular academic program and shall be designed to expand upon or improve services provided as part of the school’s regular academic pro-gram. 
‘‘(4) D
URATION OF GRANTS .—Subgrants 
under this section shall be for terms not to exceed 3 years. 
‘‘(b) A
PPLICATION .—A local educational 
agency that desires to receive a subgrant under this section shall submit an applica-tion to the State educational agency at such time, in such manner, and containing or ac-companied by such information as the State educational agency may reasonably require. Such application shall include the following: 
‘‘(1) An assessment of the educational and 
related needs of homeless children and youth in the area served by such agency (which may be undertaken as part of a needs assess-ment for other disadvantaged group). 
‘‘(2) A description of the services and pro-
grams for which assistance is sought to ad-dress the needs identified in paragraph (1). 
‘‘(3) An assurance that the local edu-
cational agency’s combined fiscal effort per student, or the aggregate expenditures of that agency and the State with respect to the provision of free public education by such agency for the fiscal year preceding the fiscal year for which the subgrant deter-mination is made, was not less than 90 per-cent of such combined fiscal effort or aggre-gate expenditures for the second fiscal year preceding the fiscal year for which the deter-mination is made. 
‘‘(4) An assurance that the applicant com-
plies with, or will use requested funds to comply with, paragraphs (3) through (7) of section 722(g). 
‘‘(5) A description of policies and proce-
dures that the agency will implement to en-sure that activities carried out by the agen-cy will not isolate or stigmatize homeless children and youth. 
‘‘(6) An assurance that the local edu-
cational agency will collect and promptly provide data requested by the State Coordi-nator pursuant to paragraphs (1) and (3) of section 722(f). 
‘‘(7) An assurance that the local edu-
cational agency has removed the policies and practices that have created barriers to the identification, enrollment, attendance, re-tention, and success in school of all homeless children and youth. 
‘‘(c) A
WARDS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The State educational 
agency shall, in accordance with the require-ments of this subtitle and from amounts made available to it under section 722(a), make subgrants on a competitive basis to local educational agencies that submit appli-cations under subsection (b). Such subgrants shall be awarded on the basis of the need of such agencies under this subtitle and the quality of the applications submitted. 
‘‘(2) N
EED.— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—In determining need 
under paragraph (1), the State educational agency may consider the number of homeless children and youth enrolled in preschool, el-ementary schools, and secondary schools within the area served by the local edu-
cational agency, and shall consider the needs of such children and youth and the ability of the local educational agency to meet such needs. 
‘‘(B) O
THER CONSIDERATIONS .—The State 
educational agency may also consider the following: 
‘‘(i) The extent to which the proposed use 
of funds will facilitate the identification, en-rollment, retention, and educational success of homeless children and youth. 
‘‘(ii) The extent to which the application 
reflects coordination with other local and State agencies that serve homeless children and youth. 
‘‘(ii) The extent to which the application 
reflects coordination with other local and State agencies that serve homeless children and youth. 
‘‘(iii) The extent to which the applicant ex-
hibits in the application and in current prac-tice (as of the date of submission of the ap-plication) a commitment to education for all homeless children and youth. 
‘‘(iv) Such other criteria as the State agen-
cy determines to be appropriate. 
‘‘(3) Q
UALITY .—In determining the quality 
of applications under paragraph (1), the State educational agency shall consider the following: 
‘‘(A) The applicant’s needs assessment 
under subsection (b)(1) and the likelihood that the program presented in the applica-tion will meet such needs. 
‘‘(B) The types, intensity, and coordination 
of the services to be provided under the pro-gram. 
‘‘(C) The extent to which the applicant will 
promote meaningful involvement of parents or guardians of homeless children or youth in the education of their children. 
‘‘(D) The extent to which homeless chil-
dren and youths will be integrated into the regular education program involved. 
‘‘(E) The quality of the applicant’s evalua-
tion plan for the program. 
‘‘(F) The extent to which services provided 
under this subtitle will be coordinated with other services available to homeless children and youth and their families, including hous-ing and social services and services provided under the Individuals with Disabilities Edu-cation Act (20 U.S.C. 1400 et seq.), title I of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6301 et seq.), and simi-lar State and local programs. 
‘‘(G) The extent to which the local edu-
cational agency will use the subgrant to le-verage resources, including by maximizing funding for the position of the liaison de-scribed in section 722(g)(1)(J)(ii) and the pro-vision of transportation. 
‘‘(H) The local educational agency’s use of 
funds to serve homeless children and youth under section 1113(c)(3) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6313(c)(3)). 
‘‘(I) The extent to which the applicant’s 
program meets such other measures as the State educational agency considers to be in-dicative of a high-quality program, including the extent to which the local educational agency will provide services to unaccom-panied youth and preschool-aged children. 
‘‘(J) The extent to which the application 
describes how the applicant will meet the re-quirements of section 722(g)(4). 
‘‘(d) A
UTHORIZED ACTIVITIES .—A local edu-
cational agency may use funds awarded under this section for activities that carry out the purpose of this subtitle, including the following: 
‘‘(1) The provision of tutoring, supple-
mental instruction, and enriched edu-cational services that are linked to the achievement of the same college and career ready State academic content standards and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:10 Feb 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00097 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27FE7.011 H27FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1472 February 27, 2015 
college and career ready State student aca-
demic achievement standards the State es-tablishes for other children and youths. 
‘‘(2) The provision of expedited evaluations 
of the strengths, needs, and eligibility of homeless children and youth, including needs and eligibility for programs and serv-ices (including educational programs for gifted and talented students, children with disabilities, and students with limited English proficiency, charter school pro-grams, magnet school programs, programs in career and technical education, and school nutrition programs). 
‘‘(3) Professional development and other 
activities for educators and specialized in-structional support personnel that are de-signed to heighten the understanding and sensitivity of such educators and personnel to the needs of homeless children and youth, the rights of such children and youth under this subtitle, and the specific educational needs of runaway and homeless youth. 
‘‘(4) The provision of referral services to 
homeless children and youths for medical, dental, mental, and other health services. 
‘‘(5) The provision of assistance to defray 
the excess cost of transportation under para-graphs (1)(J)(iii) and (5)(A) of section 722(g) not otherwise provided through Federal, State, or local funding. 
‘‘(6) The provision of developmentally ap-
propriate early childhood education pro-grams, not otherwise provided through Fed-eral, State, or local funding. 
‘‘(7) The provision of services and assist-
ance to attract, engage, and retain homeless children and youth, particularly homeless children and youth who are not enrolled in school, in public school programs and serv-ices provided to nonhomeless children and youths. 
‘‘(8) The provision for homeless children 
and youths of before- and after-school, men-toring, and summer programs in which a teacher or other qualified individual pro-vides tutoring, homework assistance, and su-pervision of educational activities. 
‘‘(9) If necessary, the payment of fees and 
other costs associated with tracking, obtain-ing, and transferring records necessary to fa-cilitate the appropriate placement of home-less children and youths in school, including birth certificates, immunization or medical records, academic records, guardianship records, and evaluations for special programs or services. 
‘‘(10) The provision of education and train-
ing to the parents of homeless children and youths about the rights of, and resources available to, such children and youth, and 
other activities designed to increase the meaningful involvement of families of home-less children or youth in the education of their children. 
‘‘(11) The development of coordination of 
activities between schools and agencies pro-viding services to homeless children and youths, as described in section 722(g)(6). 
‘‘(12) The provision of pupil services (in-
cluding counseling) and referrals for such services. 
‘‘(13) Activities to address the particular 
needs of homeless children and youth that may arise from domestic violence and paren-tal mental health or substance abuse prob-lems. 
‘‘(14) The adaptation of space and purchase 
of supplies for any nonschool facilities made available under subsection (a)(2) to provide services under this subsection. 
‘‘(15) The provision of school supplies, in-
cluding those supplies to be distributed at shelters or temporary housing facilities, or other appropriate locations. 
‘‘(16) The provision of assistance to defray 
the cost of the position of liaison designated pursuant to section 722(g)(1)(J)(ii), not other-wise provided through Federal, State, or 
local funding. 
‘‘(17) The provision of other extraordinary 
or emergency assistance needed to enable homeless children and youth to enroll, at-tend, and succeed in school, including in early childhood education programs. 
‘‘SEC. 724. SECRETARIAL RESPONSIBILITIES. 
‘‘(a) R EVIEW OF STATE PLANS .—In review-
ing the State plan submitted by a State edu-cational agency under section 722(g), the Secretary shall use a peer review process and shall evaluate whether State laws, policies, and practices described in such plan ade-quately address the problems of all homeless children and youth relating to access to edu-cation and placement as described in such plan. 
‘‘(b) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE .—The Sec-
retary shall— 
‘‘(1) provide support and technical assist-
ance to a State educational agencies to as-sist such agencies in carrying out their re-sponsibilities under this subtitle; and 
‘‘(2) establish or designate a Federal Office 
of the Coordinator for Education of Homeless Children and Youths that has sufficient ca-pacity, resources, and support to carry out the responsibilities described in this sub-title. 
‘‘(c) N
OTICE .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall, be-
fore the next school year that begins after the date of enactment of the Student Suc-cess Act, develop and disseminate a public notice of the educational rights of homeless children and youth. The notice shall include information regarding the definition of homeless children and youth in section 726. 
‘‘(2) D
ISSEMINATION .—The Secretary shall 
disseminate the notice nationally. The Sec-retary also shall disseminate such notice to heads of other Department of Education of-fices, including those responsible for special education programs, higher education, and programs under parts A, B, C, D, G, and H of title I, title III, title IV, and part B of title V of the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6311 et seq., 6361 et seq., 6391 et seq., 6421 et seq., 6531 et seq., 6551 et seq., 6801 et seq., 7102 et seq., and 7221 et seq.). The Secretary shall also dissemi-nate such notice to heads of other Federal agencies, and grant recipients and other en-tities carrying out federally funded pro-grams, including Head Start programs, grant recipients under the Health Care for the Homeless program of the Health Resources and Services Administration of the Depart-ment of Health and Human Services, grant recipients under the Emergency Food and Shelter National Board Program of the Fed-eral Emergency Management Agency, grant recipients under the Runaway and Homeless Youth Act (42 U.S.C. 5701 et seq.), grant re-cipients under the John H. Chafee Foster Care Independence program, grant recipients under homeless assistance programs admin-istered by the Department of Housing and Urban Development, and recipients of Fed-eral funding for programs carried out by the Administration on Children, Youth and Fam-ilies of the Department of Health and Human Services. 
‘‘(d) E
VALUATION AND DISSEMINATION .—The 
Secretary shall conduct evaluation, dissemi-nation, and technical assistance activities of programs designed to meet the educational needs of homeless preschool, elementary school, and secondary school students, and may use funds appropriated under section 727 to conduct such activities. 
‘‘(e) S
UBMISSION AND DISTRIBUTION .—The 
Secretary shall require applications for grants under section 722 to be submitted to the Secretary not later than the expiration of the 120-day period beginning on the date that funds are available for purposes of mak-
ing such grants and shall make such grants not later than the expiration of the 180-day period beginning on such date. 
‘‘(f) D
ETERMINATION BY SECRETARY .—The 
Secretary, based on the information received from the States and information gathered by the Secretary under subsection (h), shall de-termine the extent to which State edu-cational agencies are ensuring that each homeless child and homeless youth has ac-cess to a free appropriate public education, as described in section 721(1). The Secretary shall provide support and technical assist-ance to State educational agencies in areas in which barriers to a free appropriate public education persist. 
‘‘(g) P
UBLICATION .—The Secretary shall de-
velop, issue, and publish in the Federal Reg-ister, not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of the Student Success Act, a summary of the changes enacted by that Act and related strategies, which summary shall include— 
‘‘(1) strategies by which a State can assist 
local educational agencies to implement the provisions amended by the Act; 
‘‘(2) strategies by which a State can review 
and revise State policies and procedures that may present barriers to the identification, enrollment, attendance, and success of homeless children and youth in school; and 
‘‘(3) strategies by which entities carrying 
out preschool programs can implement re-quirements of section 722(g)(3). 
‘‘(h) I
NFORMATION .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—From funds appropriated 
under section 727, the Secretary shall, di-rectly or through grants, contracts, or coop-erative agreements, periodically, but not less frequently than every two years, collect and disseminate publicly data and informa-tion regarding— 
‘‘(A) the number and location of homeless 
children and youth; 
‘‘(B) the education and related support 
services such children and youth receive; 
‘‘(C) the extent to which the needs of 
homeless children and youth are being met; 
‘‘(D) the academic progress being made by 
homeless children and youth, including the percent or number of homeless children and youth participating in State assessments; and 
‘‘(E) such other data and information as 
the Secretary determines to be necessary and relevant to carry out this subtitle. 
‘‘(2) C
OORDINATION .—The Secretary shall 
coordinate such collection and dissemination with other agencies and entities that receive assistance and administer programs under this subtitle. 
‘‘(i) R
EPORT .—Not later than 4 years after 
the date of enactment of the Student Suc-cess Act, the Secretary shall prepare and submit to the President and the Committee on Education and the Workforce of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate a report on the status of edu-cation of homeless children and youths, which shall include information on— 
‘‘(1) the education of homeless children and 
youth; and 
‘‘(2) the actions of the Secretary and the 
effectiveness of the programs supported under this subtitle. 
‘‘SEC. 725. RULE OF CONSTRUCTION. 
‘‘Nothing in this subtitle shall be con-
strued to diminish the rights of parents or guardians of homeless children or youth, or unaccompanied youth, otherwise provided under State law, policy, or practice, includ-ing laws or policies that authorize the best interest determination in section 722(g)(3) to be made solely by the parent, guardian, or youth involved. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:10 Feb 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00098 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27FE7.011 H27FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1473 February 27, 2015 
‘‘SEC. 726. DEFINITIONS. 
‘‘In this subtitle: 
‘‘(1) E NROLL ; ENROLLMENT .—The terms ‘en-
roll’ and ‘enrollment’ include attending classes and participating fully in school ac-tivities. 
‘‘(2) H
OMELESS CHILDREN AND YOUTH .—The 
term ‘homeless children and youth’— 
‘‘(A) means individuals who lack a fixed, 
regular, and adequate nighttime residence (within the meaning of section 103(a)(1)); 
‘‘(B) includes— ‘‘(i) children and youth who— ‘‘(I) are sharing the housing of other per-
sons due to loss of housing, economic hard-ship, or a similar reason; 
‘‘(II) are living in motels, hotels, trailer 
parks, or camping grounds due to the lack of alternative adequate accommodations; 
‘‘(III) are living in emergency or transi-
tional shelters; 
‘‘(IV) subject to subparagraph (C), are 
awaiting foster care placement; and 
‘‘(V) are abandoned in hospitals; ‘‘(ii) children and youth who have a pri-
mary nighttime residence that is a public or private place not designed for or ordinarily used as a regular sleeping accommodation for human beings (within the meaning of sec-tion 103(a)(2)(C)); 
‘‘(iii) children and youth who are living in 
cars, parks, public spaces, abandoned build-ings, substandard housing, bus or train sta-tions, or similar settings; and 
‘‘(iv) migratory children (as such term is 
defined in section 1312 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965) who qual-ify as homeless for the purposes of this sub-title because the children are living in cir-cumstances described in clauses (i) through (iii); and 
‘‘(C) 1 year after the date of enactment of 
the Student Success Act, shall not include the children and youth described in subpara-graph (B)(i)(IV). 
‘‘(3) L
OCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCY ; STATE  
EDUCATIONAL AGENCY .—The terms ‘local edu-
cational agency’ and ‘State educational agency’ have the meanings given such terms in section 9101 of the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7801). 
‘‘(4) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘Secretary’ 
means the Secretary of Education. 
‘‘(5) S TATE .—The term ‘State’ means each 
of the 50 States, the District of Columbia, and the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico. 
‘‘(6) U
NACCOMPANIED YOUTH .—The term ‘un-
accompanied youth’ means a homeless child or youth not in the physical custody of a parent or legal guardian. 
‘‘SEC. 727. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—For the purpose of car-
rying out this subtitle, other than section 725, there are authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary $100,000,000 for fiscal year 2016 and such sums as may be necessary for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2022. 
‘‘(b) E
MERGENCY DISASTER GRANTS .—In ad-
dition to sums authorized under subsection 
(a), there are authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary to carry out subsection (h) such additional sums as may be necessary.’’. 
TITLE XI—PREKINDERGARTEN ACCESS 
Subtitle A—Access to Voluntary Prekinder-
garten for Low- and Moderate-Income Fam-ilies 
SEC. 1111. PURPOSES. 
The purposes of this subtitle are to— (1) establish a Federal-State partnership to 
provide access to high-quality public pre-kindergarten programs for all children from low-income and moderate-income families to ensure that they enter kindergarten pre-pared for success; 
(2) broaden participation in such programs 
to include children from additional middle- class families; and (3) promote access to high-quality kinder-
garten, and high-quality early childhood education programs and settings for chil-dren. 
SEC. 1112. DEFINITIONS. 
In this subtitle: (1) C
HILD WITH A DISABILITY .—The term 
‘‘child with a disability’’ has the meaning given the term in section 602 of the Individ-uals with Disabilities Education Act (20 U.S.C. 1401). 
(2) C
OMPREHENSIVE EARLY LEARNING AS -
SESSMENT SYSTEM .—The term ‘‘comprehen-
sive early learning assessment system’’— 
(A) means a coordinated and comprehen-
sive system of multiple assessments, each of which is valid and reliable for its specified purpose and for the population with which it will be used, that— 
(i) organizes information about the process 
and context of young children’s learning and development to help early childhood edu-cators make informed instructional and pro-grammatic decisions; and 
(ii) conforms to the recommendations of 
the National Research Council reports on early childhood; and 
(B) includes, at a minimum— (i) child screening measures to identify 
children who may need follow-up services to address developmental, learning, or health needs in, at a minimum, areas of physical health, behavioral health, oral health, child development, vision, and hearing; 
(ii) child formative assessments; (iii) measures of environmental quality; 
and 
(iv) measures of the quality of adult-child 
interactions. 
(3) D
UAL LANGUAGE LEARNER .—The term 
‘‘dual language learner’’ means an individual who is limited English proficient. 
(4) E
ARLY CHILDHOOD EDUCATION PRO -
GRAM .—The term ‘‘early childhood education 
program’’ has the meaning given the term under section 103 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1003). 
(5) E
LEMENTARY SCHOOL .—The term ‘‘ele-
mentary school’’ has the meaning given the term in section 9101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7801). 
(6) E
LIGIBILITY DETERMINATION DATE .—The 
term ‘‘eligibility determination date’’ means the date used to determine eligibility for public elementary school in the community in which the eligible local entity involved is located. 
(7) E
LIGIBLE LOCAL ENTITY .—The term ‘‘eli-
gible local entity’’ means— 
(A) a local educational agency, including a 
charter school or a charter management or-ganization that acts as a local educational agency, or an educational service agency in partnership with a local educational agen-cy— 
(i) that has met the requirement described 
in section 1112(9)(B); or 
(ii) whose teachers are in progress of meet-
ing such requirement within two years; 
(B) an entity (including a Head Start pro-
gram or licensed child care setting) that car-ries out, administers, or supports an early childhood education program and— 
(i) that has met the requirement described 
in section 1112(9)(B); or 
(ii) whose teachers are in progress of meet-
ing such requirement within two years; or 
(C) a consortium of entities described in 
subparagraph (A) or (B). 
(8) F
ULL-DAY.—The term ‘‘full-day’’ means 
a day that is— 
(A) equivalent to a full school day at the 
public elementary schools in a State; and 
(B) not less than 5 hours a day. (9) H
IGH-QUALITY PREKINDERGARTEN PRO -
GRAM .—The term ‘‘high-quality prekinder-garten program’’ means a prekindergarten 
program supported by an eligible local enti-ty that includes, at a minimum, the fol-lowing elements based on nationally recog-nized standards: 
(A) Serves children who— (i) are age 4 or children who are age 3 or 4, 
by the eligibility determination date (includ-ing children who turn age 5 while attending the program); or 
(ii) have attained the legal age for State- 
funded prekindergarten. 
(B) Requires high qualifications for staff, 
including that teachers meet the require-ments of 1 of the following clauses: 
(i) The teacher has a bachelor’s degree in 
early childhood education or a related field with coursework that demonstrates com-petence in early childhood education. 
(ii) The teacher— (I) has a bachelor’s degree in any field; 
(II) has demonstrated knowledge of early 
childhood education by passing a State-ap-proved assessment in early childhood edu-cation; 
(III) while employed as a teacher in the 
prekindergarten program, is engaged in on- going professional development in early childhood education for not less than 2 years; and 
(IV) not more than 3 years after starting 
employment as a teacher in the prekinder-garten program, enrolls in and completes a State-approved educator preparation pro-gram in which the teacher receives training and support in early childhood education. 
(iii) The teacher has bachelor’s degree with 
a credential, license, or endorsement that demonstrates competence in early childhood education. 
(C) Maintains an evidence-based maximum 
class size. 
(D) Maintains an evidence-based child to 
instructional staff ratio. 
(E) Offers a full-day program. (F) Provides developmentally appropriate 
learning environments and evidence-based curricula that are aligned with the State’s early learning and development standards described in section 1115(1). 
(G) Offers instructional staff salaries com-
parable to kindergarten through grade 12 teaching staff. 
(H) Provides for ongoing monitoring and 
program evaluation to ensure continuous im-provement. 
(I) Offers accessible comprehensive services 
for children that include, at a minimum— 
(i) screenings for vision, dental, hearing, 
health (including mental health), and devel-opment (including early literacy and math skill development) and referrals, and assist-ance obtaining services, when appropriate; 
(ii) family engagement opportunities that 
take into account home language, such as parent conferences (including parent input about their child’s development) and support services, such as parent education, home vis-iting, and family literacy services; 
(iii) nutrition services, including nutri-
tious meals and snack options aligned with requirements set by the most recent Child and Adult Care Food Program guidelines promulgated by the Department of Agri-culture as well as regular, age-appropriate, nutrition education for children and their families; 
(iv) programs coordinated with local edu-
cational agencies and entities providing pro-grams authorized under section 619 and part C of the Individuals with Disabilities Edu-cation Act (20 U.S.C. 1419 and 1431 et seq.); 
(v) physical activity programs aligned with 
evidence-based guidelines, such as those rec-ommended by the Institute of Medicine, and which take into account and accommodate children with disabilities; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:10 Feb 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00099 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27FE7.011 H27FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1474 February 27, 2015 
(vi) additional support services, as appro-
priate, based on the findings of the needs analysis as described in section 1120; and 
(vii) on-site coordination, to the maximum 
extent feasible. 
(J) Provides high-quality professional de-
velopment for all staff, including regular in- classroom observation for teachers and teacher assistants by individuals trained in such observation and which may include evi-dence-based coaching. 
(K) Meets the education performance 
standards in effect under section 641A(a)(1)(B) of the Head Start Act (42 U.S.C. 9836a(a)(1)(B)). 
(L) Maintains evidence-based health and 
safety standards. 
(M) Maintains disciplinary policies that do 
not include expulsion or an extended suspen-sion of participating children, and that in-clude providing appropriate early edu-cational services for participating children who are suspended for a short period of time. 
(10) G
OVERNOR .—The term ‘‘Governor’’ 
means the chief executive officer of a State. 
(11) H OMELESS CHILD .—The term ‘‘homeless 
child’’ means a child or youth described in section 725(2) of the McKinney-Vento Home-less Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 11434a(2). 
(12) I
NSTITUTION OF HIGHER EDUCATION .— 
The term ‘‘institution of higher education’’ has the meaning given the term in section 102 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1002). 
(13) I
NDIAN TRIBE ; TRIBAL ORGANIZATION .— 
The terms ‘‘Indian tribe’’ and ‘‘tribal organi-zation’’ have the meanings given the terms in 658P of the Child Care and Development Block Grant of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 9858n). 
(14) L
IMITED ENGLISH PROFICIENT .—The 
term ‘‘limited English proficient’’ has the meaning given the term in section 637 of the Head Start Act (42 U.S.C. 9832). 
(15) L
OCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCY ; STATE  
EDUCATIONAL AGENCY ; EDUCATIONAL SERVICE  
AGENCY .—The terms ‘‘local educational agen-
cy’’, ‘‘State educational agency’’, and ‘‘edu-cational service agency’’ have the meanings given the terms in section 9101 of the Ele-mentary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7801). 
(16) M
IGRANT OR SEASONAL AGRICULTURAL  
LABOR .—The term ‘‘migrant or seasonal agri-
cultural labor’’ refers to an individual who is engaged in agricultural labor, including those who have changed their residence from one grographic location to another in the proceeding 36 months. 
(17) M
IGRATORY CHILD .—The term ‘‘migra-
tory child’’ has the meaning given the term in section 1309 of the Elementary and Sec-
ondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6399). 
(18) O
UTLYING AREA .—The term ‘‘outlying 
area’’ means each of the United States Vir-gin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Is-lands, and the Republic of Palau. 
(19) P
OVERTY LINE .—The term ‘‘poverty 
line’’ means the official poverty line (as de-fined by the Office of Management and Budg-et)— 
(A) adjusted to reflect the percentage 
change in the Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers published by the Bureau of Labor Statistics of the Department of Labor for the most recent 12-month period or other interval for which the data are available; and 
(B) applicable to a family of the size in-
volved. 
(20) S
ECONDARY SCHOOL .—The term ‘‘sec-
ondary school’’ has the meaning given the term in section 9101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7801). 
(21) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ 
means the Secretary of Education. 
(22) S TATE .—Except as otherwise provided 
in this subtitle, the term ‘‘State’’ means each of the 50 States, the District of Colum-
bia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, and each of the outlying areas. 
(23) S
TATE ADVISORY COUNCIL ON EARLY  
CHILDHOOD EDUCATION AND CARE .—The term 
‘‘State Advisory Council on Early Childhood Education and Care’’ means the State Advi-sory Council on Early Childhood Education and Care established under section 642B(b) of the Head Start Act (42 U.S.C. 9837b(b)). 
SEC. 1113. PROGRAM AUTHORIZATION. 
From amounts made available to carry out 
this subtitle, the Secretary, in consultation with the Secretary of Health and Human Services, shall award grants to States to im-plement high-quality prekindergarten pro-grams, consistent with the purposes of this subtitle described in section 1111. For each fiscal year, the funds provided under a grant by a State shall equal the allotment deter-mined for the State under section 1114. 
SEC. 1114. ALLOTMENTS AND RESERVATIONS OF 
FUNDS. 
(a) R ESERVATION .—From the amount made 
available each fiscal year to carry out this subtitle, the Secretary shall— 
(1) reserve not less than 1 percent and not 
more than 2 percent for payments to Indian tribes and tribal organizations; 
(2) reserve 
1⁄2of 1 percent for the outlying 
areas to be distributed among the outlying areas on the basis of their relative need, as determined by the Secretary in accordance with the purposes of this subtitle; 
(3) reserve 
1⁄2of 1 percent for eligible local 
entities that serve children in families who are engaged in migrant or seasonal agricul-tural labor; and 
(4) reserve not more than 1 percent or 
$30,000,000, whichever amount is less, for na-tional activities, including administration, technical assistance, and evaluation. 
(b) A
LLOTMENTS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—From the amount made 
available each fiscal year to carry out this subtitle and not reserved under subsection (a), the Secretary shall make allotments to States in accordance with paragraph (2) that have submitted an approved application. 
(2) A
LLOTMENT AMOUNT .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraph 
(B), the Secretary shall allot the amount made available under paragraph (1) for a fis-cal year among the States in proportion to the number of children who are age 4 who re-side within the State and are from families with incomes at or below 200 percent of the poverty line for the most recent year for which satisfactory data are available, com-pared to the number of such children who re-side in all such States for that fiscal year. 
(B) M
INIMUM ALLOTMENT AMOUNT .—No 
State receiving an allotment under subpara-graph (A) may receive less than 
1⁄2of 1 per-
cent of the total amount allotted under such subparagraph. 
(3) R
EALLOTMENT AND CARRY OVER .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—If one or more States do 
not receive an allotment under this sub-section for any fiscal year, the Secretary may use the amount of the allotment for that State or States, in such amounts as the Secretary determines appropriate, for either or both of the following: 
(i) To increase the allotments of States 
with approved applications for the fiscal year, consistent with subparagraph (B). 
(ii) To carry over the funds to the next fis-
cal year. 
(B) R
EALLOTMENT .—In increasing allot-
ments under subparagraph (A)(i), the Sec-retary shall allot to each State with an ap-proved application an amount that bears the same relationship to the total amount to be allotted under subparagraph (A)(i), as the amount the State received under paragraph (2) for that fiscal year bears to the amount that all States received under paragraph (2) 
for that fiscal year. 
(4) S
TATE .—For purposes of this subsection, 
the term ‘‘State’’ means each of the 50 States, the District of Columbia, and the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico. 
(c) F
LEXIBILITY .—The Secretary may make 
minimal adjustments to allotments under this subsection, which shall neither lead to a significant increase or decrease in a State’s allotment determined under subsection (b), based on a set of factors, such as the level of program participation and the estimated cost of the activities specified in the State plan under section 1116(a)(2). 
SEC. 1115. STATE ELIGIBILITY CRITERIA. 
A State is eligible to receive a grant under 
this subtitle if the State demonstrates to the Secretary that the State— 
(1) has established or will establish early 
learning and development standards that de-scribe what children from birth to kinder-garten entry should know and be able to do, are universally designed and develop-mentally, culturally, and linguistically ap-propriate, are aligned with the State’s chal-lenging academic content standards and challenging student academic achievement standards, as adopted under section 1111(b)(1) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6311(b)(1)), and cover all of the essential domains of school readiness, which address— 
(A) physical well-being and motor develop-
ment; 
(B) social and emotional development; (C) approaches to learning, including 
music and the arts; 
(D) developmentally appropriate oral and 
written language and literacy development; and 
(E) cognition and general knowledge, in-
cluding early mathematics and early sci-entific development; 
(2) has the ability or will develop the abil-
ity to link prekindergarten data with its ele-mentary school and secondary school data for the purpose of collecting longitudinal in-formation for all children participating in the State’s high-quality prekindergarten program and any other Federally-funded early childhood program that will remain with the child through the child’s public edu-cation through grade 12; 
(3) offers State-funded kindergarten for 
children who are eligible children for that service in the State; and 
(4) has established a State Advisory Coun-
cil on Early Childhood Education and Care. 
SEC. 1116. STATE APPLICATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—To receive a grant under 
this subtitle, the Governor of a State, in con-sultation with the Indian tribes and tribal organizations in the State, if any, shall sub-mit an application to the Secretary at such time, in such manner, and containing such information as the Secretary may reason-ably require. At a minimum, each such appli-cation shall include— 
(1) an assurance that the State— (A) will coordinate with and continue to 
participate in the programs authorized under section 619 and part C of the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (20 U.S.C. 1419 and 1431 et seq.), the Child Care and Development Block Grant Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 9858 et seq.), and the maternal, infant, and early childhood home visiting programs funded under section 511 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 711) for the duration of the grant; 
(B) will designate a State-level entity 
(such as an agency or joint interagency of-fice), selected by the Governor, for the ad-ministration of the grant, which shall co-ordinate and consult with the State edu-cational agency if the entity is not the State educational agency; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:10 Feb 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00100 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27FE7.011 H27FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1475 February 27, 2015 
(C) will establish, or certify the existence 
of, program standards for all State pre-kindergarten programs consistent with the definition of a high-quality prekindergarten program under section 1112; 
(2) a description of the State’s plan to— (A) use funds received under this subtitle 
and the State’s matching funds to provide high-quality prekindergarten programs, in accordance with section 1117(d), with open enrollment for all children in the State who— 
(i) are described in section 1112(9)(A); and (ii) are from families with incomes at or 
below 200 percent of the poverty line; 
(B) develop or enhance a system for moni-
toring eligible local entities that are receiv-ing funds under this subtitle for compliance with quality standards developed by the State and to provide program improvement support, which may be accomplished through the use of a State-developed system for qual-ity rating and improvement; 
(C) if applicable, expand participation in 
the State’s high-quality prekindergarten programs to children from families with in-comes above 200 percent of the poverty line; 
(D) carry out the State’s comprehensive 
early learning assessment system, or how the State plans to develop such a system, en-suring that any assessments are culturally, developmentally, and age-appropriate and consistent with the recommendations from the study on Developmental Outcomes and Assessments for Young Children by the Na-tional Academy of Sciences, consistent with section 649(j) of the Head Start Act (42 U.S.C. 9844); 
(E) develop, implement, and make publicly 
available the performance measures and tar-gets described in section 1119; 
(F) increase the number of teachers with 
bachelor’s degrees in early childhood edu-cation, or with bachelor’s degrees in another closely related field and specialized training and demonstrated competency in early child-hood education, including how institutions of higher education will support increasing the number of teachers with such degrees and training, including through the use of assessments of prior learning, knowledge, and skills to facilitate and expedite attain-ment of such degrees; 
(G) coordinate and integrate the activities 
funded under this subtitle with Federal, State, and local services and programs that support early childhood education and care, including programs supported under this subtitle, the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6301 et seq.), the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act 
(20 U.S.C. 1400 et seq.), the Head Start Act (42 U.S.C. 9831 et seq.), the Community Services Block Grant Act (42 U.S.C. 9901 et seq.), the Child Care and Development Block Grant Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 9858 et seq.), the tem-porary assistance for needy families program under part A of title IV of the Social Secu-rity Act (42 U.S.C. 601 et seq.), the State in-centive grant program under section 14006 of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 (Public Law 111–5), Federally funded early literacy programs, the mater-nal, infant, and early childhood home vis-iting programs funded under section 511 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 711), health improvements to child care funded under title XIX of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396 et seq.), the program under subtitle B of title VII of the McKinney-Vento Homeless Assistance Act (42 U.S.S. 11431 et seq.), the Investing In Innovation program under section 14007 of the American Recov-ery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 (Public Law 111–5), programs authorized under part E of title IV of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 670 et seq.), the Fostering Connections to Success and Increasing Adoptions Act of 2008 (Public Law 110–351), and any other Fed-
eral, State, or local early childhood edu-cation programs used in the State; 
(H) award subgrants to eligible local enti-
ties, and in awarding such subgrants, facili-tate a delivery system of high-quality pre-kindergarten programs that includes diverse providers, such as providers in community- based, public school, and private settings, and consider the system’s impact on options for families; 
(I) in the case of a State that does not have 
a funding mechanism for subgranting funds to implement high-quality prekindergarten, use objective criteria in awarding subgrants to eligible local entities that will implement high-quality prekindergarten programs, in-cluding actions the State will take to ensure that eligible local entities will coordinate with local educational agencies or other early learning providers, as appropriate, to carry out activities to provide children served under this subtitle with a successful transition from preschool into kindergarten, which activities shall include— 
(i) aligning curricular objectives and in-
struction; 
(ii) providing staff professional develop-
ment, including opportunities for joint-pro-fessional development on early learning and kindergarten through grade 3 standards, as-sessments, and curricula; 
(iii) coordinating family engagement and 
support services; and 
(iv) encouraging the shared use of facilities 
and transportation, as appropriate; 
(J) use the State early learning and devel-
opment standards described in section 1115(1) to address the needs of dual language learn-ers, including by incorporating benchmarks related to English language development; 
(K) identify barriers, and propose solutions 
to overcome such barriers, which may in-clude seeking assistance under section 1126, in the State to effectively use and integrate Federal, State, and local public funds and private funds for early childhood education that are available to the State on the date on which the application is submitted; 
(L) support articulation agreements (as de-
fined in section 486A of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1093a)) between public 2-year and public 4-year institutions of high-er education and other credit-bearing profes-sional development in the State for early childhood teacher preparation programs and closely related fields; 
(M) ensure that the higher education pro-
grams in the State have the capacity to pre-pare a workforce to provide high-quality pre-kindergarten programs; 
(N) support workforce development, in-
cluding State and local policies that support prekindergarten instructional staff’s ability to earn a degree, certification, or other spe-cializations or qualifications, including poli-cies on leave, substitutes, and child care services, including non-traditional hour child care; 
(O) hold eligible local entities accountable 
for use of funds; 
(P) ensure that the State’s early learning 
and development standards are integrated into the instructional and programmatic practices of high-quality prekindergarten programs and related programs and services, such as those provided to children under sec-tion 619 and part C of the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (20 U.S.C. 1419 and 1431 et seq); 
(Q) increase the number of children in the 
State who are enrolled in high-quality kin-dergarten programs and carry out a strategy to implement such a plan; 
(R) coordinate the State’s activities sup-
ported by grants under this subtitle with ac-tivities in State plans required under the El-ementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6301 et seq.), the Individuals 
with Disabilities Education Act (20 U.S.C. 1400 et seq.), the Head Start Act (42 U.S.C. 9831 et seq.), the Child Care and Development Block Grant Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 9858 et seq.), and the Adult Education and Family Literacy Act (20 U.S.C. 9201 et seq.); 
(S) encourage eligible local entities to co-
ordinate with community-based learning re-sources, such as libraries, arts and arts edu-cation programs, appropriate media pro-grams, family literacy programs, public parks and recreation programs, museums, nutrition education programs, and programs supported by the Corporation for National and Community Service; 
(T) work with eligible local entities, in 
consultation with elementary school prin-cipals, to ensure that high-quality pre-kindergarten programs have sufficient and appropriate facilities to meet the needs of children eligible for prekindergarten; 
(U) support local early childhood coordi-
nating entities, such as local early childhood councils, if applicable, and help such entities to coordinate early childhood education pro-grams with high-quality prekindergarten programs to ensure effective and efficient de-livery of early childhood education program services; 
(V) support shared services administering 
entities, if applicable; 
(W) ensure that the provision of high-qual-
ity prekindergarten programs will not lead to a diminution in the quality or supply of services for infants and toddlers or disrupt the care of infants and toddlers in the geo-graphic area served by the eligible local enti-ty, which may include demonstrating that the State will direct funds to provide high- quality early childhood education and care to infants and toddlers in accordance with section 1117(d); and 
(X) ensure that all high-quality prekinder-
garten programs the State supports under this Act will conduct criminal history back-ground checks that meet the requirements of section 9537 on employees and applicants for employment with unsupervised access to children; and 
(3) an inventory of the State’s higher edu-
cation programs that prepare individuals for work in a high-quality prekindergarten pro-gram, including— 
(A) certification programs; (B) associate degree programs; (C) baccalaureate degree programs (D) masters degree programs; and (E) other programs that lead to a speciali-
zation in early childhood education, or a re-lated field. 
(b) D
EVELOPMENT OF APPLICATION .—In de-
veloping an application for a grant under this subtitle, a State shall consult with the State Advisory Council on Early Childhood Education and Care and incorporate such Council’s recommendations, where applica-ble. 
(c) C
ONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section 
shall be construed to alter or otherwise af-fect the rights, remedies, and procedures af-forded school employees, local educational agency employees, and the employees of early childhood education programs under Federal, State, or local laws (including ap-plicable regulations or court orders) or under the terms of collective bargaining agree-ments, memoranda of understanding, or other agreements between such employees and their employers. 
SEC. 1117. STATE USE OF FUNDS. 
(a) R ESERVATION FOR QUALITY IMPROVE -
MENT ACTIVITIES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—A State that receives a 
grant under this subtitle may reserve for, not more than the first 4 years such State re-ceives such a grant, not more than 20 percent 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:10 Feb 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00101 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27FE7.011 H27FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1476 February 27, 2015 
of the grant funds for quality improvement 
activities that support the elements of high- quality prekindergarten programs. Such quality improvement activities may include supporting teachers, center directors, and principals in a State’s high-quality pre-kindergarten program, licensed or regulated child care, or Head Start programs to enable such teachers or directors to earn a bacca-laureate degree in early childhood education, or closely-related field, through activities which may include— 
(A) expanding or establishing scholarships, 
counseling, and compensation initiatives to cover the cost of tuition, fees, materials, transportation, and release time for such teachers; 
(B) providing ongoing professional develop-
ment opportunities, including regular in- classroom observation by individuals trained in such observation, for such teachers, direc-tors, principals, and teachers assistants to enable such teachers, directors, principals, and teachers assistants to carry out the ele-ments of high-quality prekindergarten pro-grams, which may include activities that ad-dress— 
(i) promoting children’s development 
across all of the essential domains of early learning and development; 
(ii) developmentally appropriate curricula 
and teacher-child interaction; 
(iii) effective family engagement; (iv) providing culturally competent in-
struction; 
(v) working with a diversity of children 
and families, including children with special needs and dual language learners; 
(vi) childhood nutrition and physical edu-
cation programs; 
(vii) supporting the implementation of evi-
dence-based curricula; 
(viii) social and emotional development; 
and 
(ix) incorporating age-appropriate strate-
gies of positive behavioral interventions and supports; and 
(C) providing families with increased op-
portunities to learn how best to support their children’s physical, cognitive, social, and emotional development during the first five years of life. 
(2) N
OT SUBJECT TO MATCHING .—The amount 
reserved under paragraph (1) shall not be subject to the matching requirements under section 1120. 
(3) C
OORDINATION .—A State that reserves 
an amount under paragraph (1) shall coordi-nate the use of such amount with activities funded under section 658G of the Child Care and Development Block Grant Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 9858e) and the Head Start Act (42 U.S.C. 9831 et seq.). 
(4) C
ONSTRUCTION .—A State may not use 
funds reserved under this subsection to meet the requirement described in section 1112(9)(G). 
(b) S
UBGRANTS FOR HIGH-QUALITY PRE-
KINDERGARTEN PROGRAMS .—A State that re-
ceives a grant under this subtitle shall award subgrants of sufficient size to eligible local entities to enable such eligible local entities to implement high-quality prekindergarten programs for children who— 
(1) are described in section 1112(9)(A); (2) reside within the State; and (3) are from families with incomes at or 
below 200 percent of the poverty line. 
(c) A
DMINISTRATION .—A State that receives 
a grant under this subtitle may reserve not more than 1 percent of the grant funds for administration of the grant, and may use part of that reservation for the maintenance of the State Advisory Council on Early Childhood Education and Care. 
(d) E
ARLY CHILDHOOD EDUCATION AND CARE 
PROGRAMS FOR INFANTS AND TODDLERS .— (1) U SE OF ALLOTMENT FOR INFANTS AND  
TODDLERS .—An eligible State may apply to 
use, and the appropriate Secretary may grant permission for the State to use, not more than 15 percent of the funds made available through a grant received under this subtitle to award subgrants to early child-hood education programs to provide, con-sistent with the State’s early learning and development guidelines for infants and tod-dlers, high-quality early childhood education and care to infants and toddlers who reside within the State and are from families with incomes at or below 200 percent of the pov-erty line. 
(2) A
PPLICATION .—To be eligible to use the 
grant funds as described in paragraph (1), the State shall submit an application to the ap-propriate Secretary at such time, in such manner, and containing such information as the Secretary may require. Such application 
shall, at a minimum, include a description of how the State will— 
(A) designate a lead agency which shall ad-
minister such funds; 
(B) ensure that such lead agency, in coordi-
nation with the State’s Advisory Council on Early Childhood Education and Care, will collaborate with other agencies in admin-istering programs supported under this sub-section for infants and toddlers in order to obtain input about the appropriate use of such funds and ensure coordination with pro-grams for infants and toddlers funded under the Child Care and Development Block Grant Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 9858 et seq.), the Head Start Act (42 U.S.C. 9831 et seq.) (including any Early Learning Quality Partnerships es-tablished in the State under section 645B of the Head Start Act, as added by section 202), the Race to the Top and Early Learning Challenge program under section 14006 of Public Law 111–5 (123 Stat. 283), the mater-nal, infant, and early childhood home vis-iting programs funded under section 511 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 711), and part C of the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (20 U.S.C. 1431 et seq.); 
(C) ensure that infants and toddlers who 
benefit from amounts made available under this subsection will transition to and have the opportunity to participate in a high- quality prekindergarten program supported under this subtitle; 
(D) in awarding subgrants, give preference 
to early childhood education programs that have a plan to increase services to children with special needs, including children with developmental delays or disabilities, chil-dren who are dual language learners, home-less children, children who are in foster care, children of migrant families, children eligi-ble for free or reduced-price lunch under the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act (42 U.S.C. 1751 et seq.), or children in the child welfare system; and 
(E) give priority to activities carried out 
under this subsection that will increase ac-cess to high-quality early childhood edu-cation programs for infants and toddlers in local areas with significant concentrations of low-income families that do not currently benefit from such programs. 
(3) E
LIGIBLE PROVIDERS .—A State may use 
the grant funds as described in paragraph (1) to serve infants and toddlers only by work-ing with early childhood education program providers that— 
(A) offer full-day, full-year care, or other-
wise meet the needs of working families; and 
(B) meet high-quality standards, such as— (i) Early Head Start program performance 
standards under the Head Start Act (42 U.S.C. 9831 et seq.); or 
(ii) high quality, demonstrated, valid, and 
reliable program standards that have been established through a national entity that accredits early childhood education pro-
grams. 
(4) F
EDERAL ADMINISTRATION .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Edu-
cation shall bear responsibility for obli-gating and disbursing funds to support ac-tivities under this subsection and ensuring compliance with applicable laws and admin-istrative requirements, subject to paragraph (3). 
(B) I
NTERAGENCY AGREEMENT .—The Sec-
retary of Education and the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall jointly ad-minister activities supported under this sub-section on such terms as such Secretaries shall set forth in an interagency agreement. The Secretary of Health and Human Services shall be responsible for any final approval of a State’s application under this subsection that addresses the use of funds designated for services to infants and toddlers. 
(C) A
PPROPRIATE SECRETARY .—In this sub-
section, the term ‘‘appropriate Secretary’’ used with respect to a function, means the Secretary designated for that function under the interagency agreement. 
SEC. 1118. ADDITIONAL PREKINDERGARTEN 
SERVICES. 
(a) P REKINDERGARTEN FOR 3-YEAR OLDS.— 
Each State that certifies to the Secretary that the State provides universally avail-able, voluntary, high-quality prekinder-garten programs for 4-year old children who reside within the State and are from families with incomes at or below 200 percent of the poverty line may use the State’s allocation 
under section 1114(b) to provide high-quality prekindergarten programs for 3-year old children who reside within the State and are from families with incomes at or below 200 percent of the poverty line. 
(b) S
UBGRANTS .—In each State that has a 
city, county, or local educational agency that provides universally available high- quality prekindergarten programs for 4-year old children who reside within the State and are from families with incomes at or below 200 percent of the poverty line the State may use amounts from the State’s allocation under section 1114(b) to award subgrants to eligible local entities to enable such eligible local entities to provide high-quality pre-kindergarten programs for 3-year old chil-dren who are from families with incomes at or below 200 percent of the poverty line and who reside in such city, county or local edu-cational agency. 
SEC. 1119. PERFORMANCE MEASURES AND TAR-
GETS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—A State that receives a 
grant under this subtitle shall develop, im-plement, and make publicly available the performance measures and targets for the ac-tivities carried out with grant funds. Such measures shall, at a minimum, track the State’s progress in— 
(1) increasing school readiness across all 
domains for all categories of children, as de-scribed in section 1123(b)(7), including chil-dren with disabilities and dual language learners; 
(2) narrowing school readiness gaps be-
tween minority and nonminority children, and low-income children and more advan-taged children, in preparation for kinder-garten entry; 
(3) decreasing placement for children in el-
ementary school in special education pro-grams and services as described in part B of the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (20 U.S.C. 1411 et seq.); 
(4) increasing the number of programs 
meeting the criteria for high-quality pre-kindergarten programs across all types of local eligible entities, as defined by the State and in accordance with section 1112; 
(5) decreasing the need for grade-to-grade 
retention in elementary school; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:10 Feb 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00102 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27FE7.011 H27FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1477 February 27, 2015 
(6) if applicable, ensuring that high-quality 
prekindergarten programs do not experience instances of chronic absence among the chil-dren who participate in such programs; 
(7) increasing the number and percentage 
of low-income children in high-quality early childhood education programs that receive financial support through funds provided under this subtitle; and 
(8) providing high-quality nutrition serv-
ices, nutrition education, physical activity, and obesity prevention programs. 
(b) P
ROHIBITION OF MISDIAGNOSIS PRAC-
TICES .—A State shall not, in order to meet 
the performance measures and targets de-scribed in subsection (a), engage in practices or policies that will lead to the misdiagnosis or under-diagnosis of disabilities or develop-mental delays among children who are served through programs supported under this subtitle. 
SEC. 1120. MATCHING REQUIREMENTS. 
(a) M ATCHING FUNDS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
paragraph (2), a State that receives a grant under this subtitle shall provide matching funds from non-Federal sources, as described in subsection (c), in an amount equal to— 
(A) 10 percent of the Federal funds pro-
vided under the grant in the first year of grant administration; 
(B) 10 percent of the Federal funds provided 
under the grant in the second year of grant administration; 
(C) 20 percent of the Federal funds provided 
under the grant in the third year of grant ad-ministration; 
(D) 30 percent of the Federal funds pro-
vided under the grant in the fourth year of grant administration; 
(E) 40 percent of the Federal funds provided 
under the grant in the fifth year of grant ad-ministration; 
(F) 50 percent of the Federal funds provided 
under the grant in the sixth year of grant ad-ministration; 
(G) 75 percent of the Federal funds pro-
vided under the grant in the seventh year of grant administration; and 
(H) 100 percent of the Federal funds pro-
vided under the grant in the eighth and fol-lowing years of grant administration. 
(2) R
EDUCED MATCH RATE .—A State that 
meets the requirements under subsection (b) may provide matching funds from non-Fed-eral sources at a reduced rate. The full re-duced matching funds rate shall be in an amount equal to— 
(A) 5 percent of the Federal funds provided 
under the grant in the first year of grant ad-ministration; 
(B) 5 percent of the Federal funds provided 
under the grant in the second year of grant administration; 
(C) 10 percent of the Federal funds provided 
under the grant in the third year of grant ad-ministration; 
(D) 20 percent of the Federal funds pro-
vided under the grant in the fourth year of grant administration; 
(E) 30 percent of the Federal funds provided 
under the grant in the fifth year of grant ad-ministration; 
(F) 40 percent of the Federal funds provided 
under the grant in the sixth year of grant ad-ministration; 
(G) 50 percent of the Federal funds pro-
vided under the grant in the seventh year of grant administration; 
(H) 75 percent of the Federal funds pro-
vided under the grant in the eighth year of grant administration; and 
(I) 100 percent of the Federal funds pro-
vided under the grant in the ninth and fol-lowing years of the grant administration. 
(b) R
EDUCED MATCH RATE ELIGIBILITY .—A 
State that receives a grant under this sub-title may provide matching funds from non- 
Federal sources at the full reduced rate under subsection (a)(2) if the State— 
(1)(A) offers enrollment in high-quality 
prekindergarten programs to not less than half of children in the State who are— 
(i) age 4 on the eligibility determination 
date; and 
(ii) from families with incomes at or below 
200 percent of the poverty line; and 
(B) has a plan for continuing to expand ac-
cess to high-quality prekindergarten pro-grams for such children in the State; and 
(2) has a plan to expand access to high- 
quality prekindergarten programs to chil-dren from moderate income families whose income exceeds 200 percent of the poverty line. 
(c) N
ON-FEDERAL RESOURCES .— 
(1) I N CASH .—A State shall provide the 
matching funds under this section in cash with non-Federal resources which may in-clude State funding, local funding, or con-tributions from philanthropy or other pri-vate sources, or a combination thereof. 
(2) F
UNDS TO BE CONSIDERED AS MATCHING  
FUNDS .—A State may include, as part of the 
State’s matching funds under this section, not more than 10 percent of the amount of State funds designated for State prekinder-garten programs or to supplement Head Start programs under the Head Start Act (42 U.S.C. 9831 et seq.) as of the date of enact-ment of this Act, but may not include any funds that are attributed as matching funds, as part of a non-Federal share, or as a main-tenance of effort requirement, for any other Federal program. 
(d) M
AINTENANCE OF EFFORT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—If a State reduces its com-
bined fiscal effort per student or the aggre-gate expenditures within the State to sup-port early childhood education programs for any fiscal year that a State receives a grant authorized under this subtitle relative to the previous fiscal year, the Secretary shall re-duce support for such State under this sub-title by the same amount as the decline in State and local effort for such fiscal year. 
(2) W
AIVER .—The Secretary may waive the 
requirements of paragraph (1) if— 
(A) the Secretary determines that a waiver 
would be appropriate due to a precipitous de-cline in the financial resources of a State as a result of unforeseen economic hardship or a natural disaster that has necessitated across-the-board reductions in State serv-ices, including early childhood education programs; or 
(B) due to the circumstances of a State re-
quiring reductions in specific programs, in-cluding early childhood education, if the State presents to the Secretary a justifica-tion and demonstration why other programs could not be reduced and how early child-hood programs in the State will not be dis-proportionately harmed by such State ac-tion. 
(e) S
UPPLEMENT NOTSUPPLANT .—Grant 
funds received under this title shall be used to supplement and not supplant other Fed-eral, State, and local public funds expended on public prekindergarten programs in the State. 
SEC. 1121. ELIGIBLE LOCAL ENTITY APPLICA-
TIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—An eligible local entity 
desiring to receive a subgrant under section 
1117(b) shall submit an application to the State, at such time, in such manner, and containing such information as the State may reasonably require. 
(b) C
ONTENTS .—Each application submitted 
under subsection (a) shall include the fol-lowing: 
(1) P
ARENT AND FAMILY ENGAGEMENT .—A 
description of how the eligible local entity plans to engage the parents and families of the children such entity serves and ensure 
that parents and families of eligible chil-dren, as described in clauses (i) and (ii) of section 1116(a)(2)(A), are aware of the serv-ices provided by the eligible local entity, which shall include a plan to— 
(A) carry out meaningful parent and fam-
ily engagement, through the implementation and replication of evidence-based or prom-ising practices and strategies, which shall be coordinated with parent and family engage-ment strategies supported under the Individ-uals with Disabilities Education Act (20 U.S.C. 1400 et seq.) and part A of title I and title V of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6311 et seq. 
and 7201 et seq.), if applicable, to— 
(i) provide parents and family members 
with the skills and opportunities necessary to become engaged and effective partners in their children’s education, particularly the families of dual language learners and chil-dren with disabilities, which may include ac-cess to literacy services; 
(ii) improve child development; and (iii) strengthen relationships among pre-
kindergarten staff and parents and family members; and 
(B) participate in community outreach to 
encourage families with eligible children to participate in the eligible local entity’s high-quality prekindergarten program, in-cluding— 
(i) homeless children; (ii) dual language learners; (iii) children in foster care; (iv) children with disabilities; and (v) migrant children. (2) C
OORDINATION & ALIGNMENT .—A descrip-
tion of how the eligible local entity will— 
(A) coordinate, if applicable, the eligible 
local entity’s activities with— 
(i) Head Start agencies (consistent with 
section 642(e)(5) of the Head Start Act (42 U.S.C. 9837(e)(5)), if the local entity is not a Head Start agency; 
(ii) local educational agencies, if the eligi-
ble local entity is not a local educational agency; 
(iii) providers of services under part C of 
the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (20 U.S.C. 1431 et seq.); 
(iv) programs carried out under section 619 
of the Individuals with Disabilities Edu-cation Act (20 U.S.C. 1419); and 
(v) if feasible, other entities carrying out 
early childhood education programs and services within the area served by the local educational agency. 
(B) develop a process to promote con-
tinuity of developmentally appropriate in-structional programs and shared expecta-tions with local elementary schools for chil-dren’s learning and development as children transition to kindergarten; 
(C) organize, if feasible, and participate in 
joint training, when available, including transition-related training for school staff and early childhood education program staff; 
(D) establish comprehensive transition 
policies and procedures, with applicable ele-mentary schools and principals, for the chil-dren served by the eligible local entity that support the school readiness of children transitioning to kindergarten, including the transfer of early childhood education pro-gram records, with parental consent; 
(E) conduct outreach to parents, families, 
and elementary school teachers and prin-cipals to discuss the educational, develop-mental, and other needs of children entering kindergarten; 
(F) help parents, including parents of chil-
dren who are dual language learners, under-stand and engage with the instructional and other services provided by the kindergarten 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:10 Feb 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00103 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27FE7.011 H27FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1478 February 27, 2015 
in which such child will enroll after partici-
pation in a high-quality prekindergarten program; and 
(G) develop and implement a system to in-
crease program participation of underserved populations of eligible children, especially homeless children, children eligible for a free or reduced-price lunch under the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act (42 U.S.C. 1751 et seq.), parents of children who are dual language learners, and parents of children with disabilities. 
(3) P
ROTECTIONS FOR SPECIAL POPU -
LATIONS .—A description of how the eligible 
local entity will meet the diverse needs of children in the community to be served, in-cluding children with disabilities, children whose native language is not English, chil-dren with other special needs, children in the State foster care system, and homeless chil-dren. Such description shall demonstrate, at a minimum, how the entity plans to— 
(A) ensure the eligible local entity’s high- 
quality prekindergarten program is acces-sible and appropriate for children with dis-abilities and dual language learners; 
(B) establish effective procedures for pro-
viding necessary early screening for learning issues and delays in early literacy and math skill development and intervening services based on these screenings to children with disabilities prior to an eligibility determina-tion by the State or local agency responsible for providing services under section 619 or part C of the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (20 U.S.C. 1419 and 1431 et seq.); 
(C) establish effective procedures for time-
ly referral of children with disabilities to the State or local agency described in subpara-graph (B); 
(D) ensure that the eligible local entity’s 
high-quality prekindergarten program works with appropriate entities to address the elimination of barriers to immediate and continuous enrollment for homeless chil-dren; and 
(E) ensure access to and continuity of en-
rollment in high-quality prekindergarten programs for migratory children, if applica-ble, and homeless children, including through policies and procedures that re-quire— 
(i) outreach to identify migratory children 
and homeless children; 
(ii) immediate enrollment, including en-
rollment during the period of time when doc-uments typically required for enrollment, in-cluding health and immunization records, proof of eligibility, and other documents, are obtained; 
(iii) continuous enrollment and participa-
tion in the same high-quality prekinder-garten program for a child, even if the child moves out of the program’s service area, if that enrollment and participation are in the child’s best interest, including by providing transportation when necessary; 
(iv) professional development for high- 
quality prekindergarten program staff re-garding migratory children and homeless-ness among families with young children; and 
(v) in serving homeless children, collabora-
tion with local educational agency liaisons designated under section 722(g)(1)(J)(ii) of the McKinney-Vento Homeless Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 11432(g)(1)(J)(ii)), and local homeless service providers. 
(4) A
CCESSIBLE COMPREHENSIVE SERVICES .— 
A description of how the eligible local entity plans to provide accessible comprehensive services, described in section 1112(9)(I), to the children the eligible local entity serves. Such description shall provide information on how the entity will— 
(A) conduct a data-driven community as-
sessment in coordination with members of the community, including parents and com-
munity organizations, or use a recently con-ducted data-driven assessment, which— 
(i) may involve an external partner with 
expertise in conducting such needs analysis, to determine the most appropriate social or other support services to offer through the eligible local entity’s on-site comprehensive services to children who participate in high- quality prekindergarten programs; and 
(ii) shall consider the resources available 
at the school, local educational agency, and community levels to address the needs of the community and improve child outcomes; and 
(B) have a coordinated system to facilitate 
the screening, referral, and provision of serv-ices related to health, nutrition, mental health, disability, and family support for children served by the eligible local entity. 
(5) W
ORKFORCE .—A description of how the 
eligible local entity plans to support the in-structional staff of such entity’s high-qual-ity prekindergarten program, which shall, at a minimum, include a plan to provide high- quality professional development, or facili-tate the provision of high-quality profes-sional development through an external partner with expertise and a demonstrated track record of success, based on scientif-ically valid research, that will improve the knowledge and skills of high-quality pre-kindergarten teachers and staff through ac-tivities, which may include— 
(A) acquiring content knowledge and learn-
ing teaching strategies needed to provide ef-fective instruction that addresses the State’s early learning and development standards described under section 1115(1), including professional training to support the social and emotional development of children; 
(B) enabling high-quality prekindergarten 
teachers and staff to pursue specialized training in early childhood development; 
(C) enabling high-quality prekindergarten 
teachers and staff to acquire the knowledge and skills to provide instruction and appro-priate language and support services to in-crease the English language skills of dual language learners; 
(D) enabling high-quality prekindergarten 
teachers and staff to acquire the knowledge and skills to provide developmentally appro-priate instruction for children with disabil-ities; 
(E) promoting classroom management; (F) providing high-quality induction and 
support for incoming high-quality prekinder-garten teachers and staff in high-quality pre-kindergarten programs, including through the use of mentoring programs and coaching that have a demonstrated track record of success; 
(G) promoting the acquisition of relevant 
credentials, including in ways that support career advancement through career ladders; and 
(H) enabling high-quality prekindergarten 
teachers and staff to acquire the knowledge and skills to provide culturally competent instruction for children from diverse back-grounds. 
SEC. 1122. REQUIRED SUBGRANT ACTIVITIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—An eligible local entity 
that receives a subgrant under section 1117(b) shall use subgrant funds to imple-ment the elements of a high-quality pre-kindergarten program for the children de-scribed in section 1117(b). 
(b) C
OORDINATION .— 
(1) L OCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCY PARTNER -
SHIPS WITH LOCAL EARLY CHILDHOOD EDU -
CATION PROGRAMS .—A local educational agen-
cy that receives a subgrant under this sub-title shall provide an assurance that the local educational agency will enter into strong partnerships with local early child-hood education programs, including pro-grams supported through the Head Start Act 
(42 U.S.C. 9831 et seq.). 
(2) E
LIGIBLE LOCAL ENTITIES THAT ARE NOT  
LOCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCIES .—An eligible 
local entity that is not a local educational agency that receives a subgrant under this subtitle shall provide an assurance that such entity will enter into strong partnerships with local educational agencies. 
SEC. 1123. REPORT AND EVALUATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Each State that receives 
a grant under this subtitle shall prepare an annual report, in such manner and con-taining such information as the Secretary may reasonably require. 
(b) C
ONTENTS .—A report prepared under 
subsection (a) shall contain, at a minimum— 
(1) a description of the manner in which 
the State has used the funds made available through the grant and a report of the ex-penditures made with the funds; 
(2) a summary of the State’s progress to-
ward providing access to high-quality pre-kindergarten programs for children eligible for such services, as determined by the State, from families with incomes at or below 200 percent of the poverty line, includ-ing the percentage of funds spent on children from families with incomes— 
(A) at or below 100 percent of the poverty 
line; 
(B) at or below between 101 and 150 percent 
of the poverty line; and 
(C) at or below between 151 and 200 percent 
of the poverty line; 
(3) an evaluation of the State’s progress to-
ward achieving the State’s performance tar-gets, described in section 1119; 
(4) data on the number of high-quality pre-
kindergarten program teachers and staff in the State (including teacher turnover rates and teacher compensation levels compared to teachers in elementary schools and sec-ondary schools), according to the setting in which such teachers and staff work (which settings shall include, at a minimum, Head Start programs, public prekindergarten, and child care programs) who received training or education during the period of the grant and remained in the early childhood edu-cation program field; 
(5) data on the kindergarten readiness of 
children in the State; 
(6) a description of the State’s progress in 
effectively using Federal, State, and local 
public funds and private funds, for early childhood education; 
(7) the number and percentage of children 
in the State participating in high-quality prekindergarten programs, disaggregated by race, ethnicity, family income, child age, disability, whether the children are homeless children, and whether the children are dual language learners; 
(8) data on the availability, affordability, 
and quality of infant and toddler care in the State; 
(9) the number of operational minutes per 
week and per year for each eligible local en-tity that receives a subgrant; 
(10) the local educational agency and zip 
code in which each eligible local entity that receives a subgrant operates; 
(11) information, for each of the local edu-
cational agencies described in paragraph (10), on the percentage of the costs of the public early childhood education programs that is funded from Federal, from State, and from local sources, including the percentages from specific funding programs; 
(12) data on the number and percentage of 
children in the State participating in public kindergarten programs, disaggregated by race, family income, child age, disability, whether the children are homeless children, and whether the children are dual language learners, with information on whether such programs are offered— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:10 Feb 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00104 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27FE7.011 H27FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1479 February 27, 2015 
(A) for a full-day; and 
(B) at no cost to families; (13) data on the number of individuals in 
the State who are supported with scholar-ships, if applicable, to meet the bacca-laureate degree requirement for high-quality prekindergarten programs, as defined in sec-tion 1112; and 
(14) information on— (A) the numbers and rates of expulsion, 
suspension, and similar disciplinary action, of children in the State participating in high-quality prekindergarten programs, pro-vided by any eligible local entity, as defined in section 1112(7) of this title; 
(B) the State’s progress in establishing 
policies on effective behavior management strategies and training that promote posi-tive social and emotional development to eliminate expulsions and extended suspen-sions of children participating in high-qual-ity prekindergarten programs; and 
(C) the State’s policies on providing early 
learning services to children in the State participating in high-quality prekinder-garten programs who have been suspended. 
(c) S
UBMISSION .—A State shall submit the 
annual report prepared under subsection (a), at the end of each fiscal year, to the Sec-retary, the Secretary of Health and Human Services, and the State Advisory Council on Early Childhood Education and Care. 
(d) C
OOPERATION .—An eligible local entity 
that receives a subgrant under this subtitle 
shall cooperate with all Federal and State efforts to evaluate the effectiveness of the program the entity implements with subgrant funds. 
(e) N
ATIONAL REPORT .—The Secretary shall 
compile and summarize the annual State re-ports described under subsection (c) and shall prepare and submit an annual report to Congress that includes a summary of such State reports. 
SEC. 1124. PROHIBITION OF REQUIRED PARTICI-
PATION OR USE OF FUNDS FOR AS-SESSMENTS. 
(a) P ROHIBITION ON REQUIRED PARTICIPA -
TION.—A State receiving a grant under this 
subtitle shall not require any child to par-ticipate in any Federal, State, local, or pri-vate early childhood education program, in-cluding a high-quality prekindergarten pro-gram. 
(b) P
ROHIBITION ON USE OF FUNDS FOR AS-
SESSMENT .—A State receiving a grant under 
this subtitle and an eligible local entity re-ceiving a subgrant under this subtitle shall not use any grant or subgrant funds to carry out any of the following activities: 
(1) An assessment that provides rewards or 
sanctions for individual children, teachers, or principals. 
(2) An assessment that is used as the pri-
mary or sole method for assessing program effectiveness. 
(3) Evaluating children, other than for the 
purposes of— 
(A) improving instruction or the classroom 
environment; 
(B) targeting professional development; (C) determining the need for health, men-
tal health, disability, or family support serv-ices; 
(D) program evaluation for the purposes of 
program improvement and parent informa-tion; and 
(E) improving parent and family engage-
ment. 
SEC. 1125. COORDINATION WITH HEAD START 
PROGRAMS. 
(a) I NCREASED ACCESS FOR YOUNGER CHIL-
DREN .—Not later than 1 year after the date of 
enactment of this Act, the Secretary and the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall develop a process— 
(1) for use in the event that Head Start 
programs funded under the Head Start Act (42 U.S.C. 9831 et seq.) operate in States or 
regions that have achieved sustained uni-versal, voluntary access to 4-year old chil-dren who reside within the State and who are from families with incomes at or below 200 percent of the poverty line to high-quality prekindergarten programs; and 
(2) for how such Head Start programs will 
begin converting slots for children who are age 4 on the eligibility determination date to children who are age 3 on the eligibility de-termination date, or, when appropriate, con-verting Head Start Programs into Early Head Start programs to serve infants and toddlers. 
(b) C
OMMUNITY NEED AND RESOURCES .—The 
process described in subsection (a) shall— 
(1) be carried out on a case-by-case basis 
and shall ensure that sufficient resources and time are allocated for the development of such a process so that no child or cohort is excluded from currently available serv-ices; and 
(2) ensure that any conversion shall be 
based on community need and not on the ag-gregate number of children served in a State or region that has achieved sustained, uni-versal, voluntary access to high-quality pre-kindergarten programs. 
(c) P
UBLIC COMMENT AND NOTICE .—Not 
fewer than 90 days after the development of the proposed process described in subsection (a), the Secretary and the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall publish a notice describing such proposed process for conversion in the Federal Register providing at least 90 days for public comment. The Sec-retaries shall review and consider public 
comments prior to finalizing the process for conversion of Head Start slots and programs. 
(d) R
EPORTS TO CONGRESS .—Concurrently 
with publishing a notice in the Federal Reg-ister as described in subsection (c), the Sec-retaries shall provide a report to the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce of the House of Representatives and the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate that provides a de-tailed description of the proposed process de-scribed in subsection (a), including a descrip-tion of the degree to which Head Start pro-grams are providing State-funded high-qual-ity prekindergarten programs as a result of the grant opportunity provided under this subtitle in States where Head Start pro-grams are eligible for conversion described in subsection (a). 
SEC. 1126. TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE IN PROGRAM 
ADMINISTRATION. 
In providing technical assistance to carry 
out activities under this title, the Secretary shall coordinate that technical assistance, in appropriate cases, with technical assistance provided by the Secretary of Health and Human Services to carry out the programs authorized under the Head Start Act (42 U.S.C. 9831 et seq.), the Child Care and Devel-opment Block Grant Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 9858 et seq.), and the maternal, infant and early childhood home visiting programs as-sisted under section 511 of the Social Secu-rity Act (42 U.S.C. 711). 
SEC. 1127. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
There are authorized to be appropriated to 
carry out this subtitle— 
(1) $1,300,000,000 for fiscal year 2016; (2) 3,250,000,000 for fiscal year 2017; (3) $5,780,000,000 for fiscal year 2018; (4) $7,580,000,000 for fiscal year 2019; (5) $8,960,000,000 for fiscal year 2020; and (6) such sums as may be necessary for each 
of fiscal years 2021 through 2025. 
Subtitle B—Prekindergarten Development 
Grants 
SEC. 1151. PREKINDERGARTEN DEVELOPMENT 
GRANTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—From the amounts appro-
priated under subsection (f), the Secretary of Education, in consultation with the Sec-
retary of Health and Human Services, shall award competitive grants to States that wish to increase the capacity and build the infrastructure within the State to offer high- quality prekindergarten programs. 
(b) E
LIGIBILITY .—A State that is not re-
ceiving funds under section 1115 may com-pete for grant funds under this subtitle if the State provides an assurance that the State will, through the support of grant funds awarded under this subtitle, meet the eligi-bility requirements of section 1115 not later than 3 years after the date the State first re-ceives grant funds under this subtitle. 
(c) G
RANTS .— 
(1) D URATION .—The Secretary shall award 
grants to States under this subtitle for a pe-riod of not more than 3 years and such grants shall not be renewed. 
(2) A
UTHORITY TO SUBGRANT .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—A State receiving a grant 
under this subtitle may use the grant funds to make subgrants to eligible local entities (defined in section 1112(7)) to carry out ac-tivities under the grant. 
(B) E
LIGIBLE LOCAL ENTITIES .—An eligible 
local entity receiving a subgrant under sub-paragraph (A) shall comply with the require-ments for States receiving a grant under this subtitle, as appropriate. 
(d) A
PPLICATION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—A Governor of a State 
that desires to receive a grant under this subtitle shall submit an application to the Secretary of Education at such time, in such manner, and accompanied by such informa-tion as the Secretary may reasonably re-quire, including a description of how the State plans to become eligible for grants under section 1115 by not later than 3 years after the date the State first receives grant funds under this subtitle. 
(2) D
EVELOPMENT OF APPLICATION .—In de-
veloping an application for a grant under this subtitle, a Governor of a State shall consult with the State Advisory Council on Early Childhood Education and Care, and in-corporate their recommendations, where ap-plicable. 
(e) M
ATCHING REQUIREMENT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—To be eligible to receive a 
grant under this subtitle, a State shall con-tribute for the activities for which the grant was awarded non-Federal matching funds in an amount equal to not less than 20 percent of the amount of the grant. 
(2) N
ON-FEDERAL FUNDS .—To satisfy the re-
quirement of paragraph (1), a State may use— 
(A) cash; or (B) an in-kind contribution. (3) F
INANCIAL HARDSHIP WAIVER .—The Sec-
retary may waive paragraph (1) or reduce the amount of matching funds required under that paragraph for a State that has sub-mitted an application for a grant under this subtitle if the State demonstrates, in the ap-plication, a need for such a waiver or reduc-tion due to extreme financial hardship, as determined by the Secretary of Education. 
(f) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
There are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this subtitle— 
(1) $750,000,000 for fiscal year 2016; and (2) such sums as may be necessary for each 
of fiscal years 2017 through 2025. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 125, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. S
COTT) and a Mem-
ber opposed each will control 10 min-utes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Madam 
Chair, I yield myself 5 minutes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:10 Feb 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00105 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27FE7.011 H27FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1480 February 27, 2015 
In the unanimous decision of Brown 
v. Board of Education, the Supreme Court said: 
In these days, it is doubtful that any child 
may reasonably be expected to succeed in life i f... denied the opportunity of an edu-
cation. Such an opportunity, where the State has undertaken to provide it, is a right which must be made available to all on equal terms. 
The fact is that equal educational op-
portunities are not now available in low-income communities: first, because education is generally funded by the local real estate taxes, guaranteeing that wealthier areas will have more re-sources for education; and, second, be-cause, in the normal give and take of politics, low-income areas never do as well as wealthier areas. 
All of these studies conclude that 
areas of concentrated poverty need more, not less, in order to provide ade-quate educational opportunities. 
With the 1965 enactment of the first 
Elementary and Secondary Education Act, Congress provided Federal money to address ‘‘the special educational needs of children of low-income fami-lies and the impact that concentra-tions of low-income families have on the ability of local educational agen-cies to support adequate educational programs.’’ 
Unfortunately, today, only a small 
handful of States has taken steps to completely equalize their education funding. ESEA was not and should never become a general education fund for all. The purpose of the law is to provide States limited, supplemental funding that is targeted to schools and students left behind in what remains an unequal system. 
Over the last 50 years, we have recog-
nized that students with disabilities, neglected and delinquent students, homeless students, and nonnative English speaking students also faced local educational systems unprepared and sometimes unwilling to provide the resources they needed. 
We have made a difference. The im-
provement is real. Graduation rates are at all-time highs, and achievement gaps have narrowed. We have made real progress, but there is still a lot more that needs to be done. 
The amendment before us is a sub-
stitute for the underlying bill because H.R. 5, in its current form, retreats from the most important principles of ESEA. During this debate, no one has refuted our assertion that this bill takes money from the poorest school districts in America and gives it to the most affluent ones. That is because the assertion is true. 
Baltimore City, with a higher con-
centration of low-income students, will lose an estimated $5.7 million under H.R. 5, an 11 percent decrease, while the Baltimore suburb of Howard Coun-ty, with lower poverty levels, will gain $1.1 million, which is a 25 percent in-crease. 
Chicago City schools have a student 
population with 85 percent receiving free and reduced lunches. The suburb of 
Naperville has 13 percent of students receiving free and reduced lunches. Under H.R. 5, Chicago loses $64 million, while Naperville gains a half a million. Republicans call this ‘‘portability.’’ We call it reverse Robin Hood, taking from the poor to give to the wealthy. 
In addition to the funding formula 
change, the bill reduces funding levels and eliminates maintenance of effort. Maintenance of effort prevents States from reducing educational spending and replacing it with Federal money. 
We should guarantee the Federal 
money will be in addition to ongoing State spending so that children will ac-tually benefit from the Federal re-sources. H.R. 5 further eliminates dedi-cated funding for English learners and disabled students. 
The Democratic substitute seeks to 
address the fundamental flaws within the Republican bill. It restores funding priority to areas of concentrated pov-erty, English learners, and the dis-abled. 
It requires States to set high and 
meaningful standards for all students so that those who graduate from high school will be college and career ready and will be able to pursue college or work without need for remediation. 
It supports our teachers by ensuring 
that they will have the resources and training they need to do their jobs. It addresses the concerns of too much testing by providing States support to improve State assessment systems and by providing funding to eliminate all unnecessary tests. 
We are faced with a tremendous op-
portunity to bring our education sys-tem into the 21st century in order to ensure that all students are prepared for success in the global economy. 
Democrats and Republicans agree 
about the need for flexibility and inno-vation, but where we disagree is on the role of the Federal Government. We be-lieve that there is a Federal role in ful-filling the promise of the Brown deci-sion: that all students must have ac-cess to equal educational opportuni-ties. 
The choice is clear. We should rein-
state the original purpose of ESEA by supporting the substitute amendment. 
Madam Chair, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. KLINE. Madam Chair, I rise in 
opposition to the gentleman’s amend-ment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Minnesota is recognized for 10 minutes. 
Mr. KLINE. Madam Chair, we have 
now had a few days to look at the 851- page amendment that the Democrats brought forward. It was a little bit sur-prising during the markup to have it brought up to us. 
I think one of my colleagues said 
something about not legislating by the pound, but if we had been legislating by the pound, there are a lot of pounds there, so I appreciate the time we have had to look at this. It seems to me that the Democrats’ 
substitute amendment just doubles down on the policy that we have now. The gentleman from Virginia—my friend, the ranking member—talked about areas of concentrated poverty, and we need to spend money there. 
That is what we do. We spend money 
there now. We spend a lot more money per student in high-poverty areas; yet, in those areas, we have less than half the kids graduating. 
He talked about progress that has 
been made, but right now in America, one in five students will drop out of high school. Only 26 percent of high school seniors are proficient in math, and only 38 percent of high school sen-iors—just over a third, Madam Chair— are proficient in reading. The current system is not working. 
As I have said again and again in this 
debate, Republicans and Democrats agree that No Child Left Behind is fun-damentally flawed and needs to be re-placed. We have different ideas about how we want to go about doing that. 
We believe that the much greater 
flexibility that the Student Success Act affords to superintendents and to local leaders to put the money where they think it can get the best results is a better way to do it than by adding program after program as we have seen in amendments during this debate. 
We have a fundamentally different 
idea about how best to achieve what we all want to achieve, which is an excel-lent education for every child at every school. I think the underlying bill is a much better way to do it, and I would encourage my colleagues to oppose the Democrats’ substitute amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Madam 
Chair, I am pleased to yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. P
ELOSI ), the distinguished Democratic 
leader. 
Ms. PELOSI. I thank the gentleman 
for yielding, and I congratulate him on his great leadership as he has taken the helm as our Democratic ranking member on the Education and the Workforce Committee. 
Madam Chair, education is the single 
most important investment a nation can make in its future, a family can make in its children. 
Nothing returns more money to the 
Treasury than the investment in edu-cation, whether it is earliest childhood education, K–12, higher education, postgrad, lifetime learning; and noth-ing contributes more to the success of our children than education, which gives them a chance to succeed. 
That is why, in 1965, Congress passed 
the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act, one of the great pillars of President Johnson’s war on poverty. President Johnson told the people who gathered for the bill signing: 
From our very beginnings as a nation, we 
have felt a fierce commitment to the ideal of education for everyone. It fixed itself into our democratic creed. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:15 Feb 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00106 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27FE7.036 H27FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1481 February 27, 2015 
The Republican legislation before us 
today makes a mockery of this legisla-tion’s legacy and hollows out the foun-dation of our democracy: an educated and empowered citizenry. 
Here is how. For the first time in 
more than 50 years, a majority of pub-lic school students in our country lives in poverty. Too many children are get-ting left behind. This Republican bill slams the door of opportunity for stu-dents who are striving to earn an edu-cation. 
How will students achieve equality of 
opportunity without equality of edu-cation? How will students be able to maintain America’s innovation leader-ship if they attend schools without a reliable technology infrastructure? 
This proposed legislation eviscerates 
our investments in the future, and it is a monumental step backward in keep-ing our promise to America’s children. 
Republicans are turning back the 
clock on civil rights protections, aca-demic achievement, funding for strug-gling schools, access to college prep curriculum for underserved children; and they are turning back the clock on students of color, students with dis-abilities, students who are homeless or who are living with foster families, mi-grant students, and those learning English as a second language. 
This bill guts resources for the most 
impoverished schools, and it gives those resources to the richest schools. Rather than increase investments in schools, this legislation diverts re-sources and critical programs away from our schools, away from our stu-dents most in need. 
Rather than provide a pathway for 
success to help our children prepare for the future, this legislation locks in Federal budget cuts for the rest of the decade. Rather than ensure funds are used for the classroom and teaching, this legislation lets limited resources be used for other purposes, such as tax cuts for the wealthy or sports sta-diums. 
This bill does nothing to invest in 
early education. It does nothing to en-sure lifetime learning. It does nothing to update classroom technology and in-frastructure, and it does nothing to boost the STEM curriculum. 
b1230 
President Obama has already de-
clared his intention to veto this recy-cled, reheated, retrograde, warmed- over stew Republican legislation that lacks the support of the civil rights community, the English as a second language community, teachers, edu-cation advocates, and the U.S. Cham-ber of Commerce. 
Instead, we should take up the alter-
native bill put forth by Mr. S
COTT. His 
bill, in its wisdom, protects students’ rights, guarantees access to world-class education for all students, and sup-ports teachers and school leaders with better resources. 
The substitute legislation put forth 
by Mr. S
COTT empowers schools and districts to tailor to local needs and 
ensures States set high standards and goals so students are career- and col-lege-ready. 
It is our moral obligation as a coun-
try to ensure that all children have equal access to a well-rounded, world- class education—and Mr. S
COTT’s sub-
stitute does just that. He has presented an alternative that fulfills the promise of the landmark legislation passed in 1965—another 50-year anniversary— which is to ensure that access to high- quality education is the right of every student and not just some. We must honor that responsibility. 
Madam Chair, frequently, people ask 
me: What motivated you to be involved in politics? I am a mom with five chil-dren. I want, of course, the best for my children, as every parent does. I saw that they had tender loving care, the opportunity for education, and the rest. 
But the best for each of our children 
is that every other child has access to education. We do no favor to our chil-dren—and, in my case, our grand-children—if we say, We want the best for you, and not pay attention to the needs of other children in our society. What kind of transitioning from one generation to the next is it if we say, My kids got the best—and, in some cases in this bill—at the expense of other children? 
It is just not right. It is not the 
moral thing to do. It is not the patri-otic thing to do. It doesn’t honor our Founders’ commitment to a democracy which calls upon an educated popu-lation. 
So we must honor all of our respon-
sibilities, personally and civically; re-ject this bill; and make certain that quality education is the right of every child in our country. 
I thank B
OBBY SCOTT, our ranking 
member, for giving us that oppor-tunity, and I urge all my colleagues to vote ‘‘aye’’ on his substitute. 
Mr. KLINE. Madam Chair, I yield 4 
minutes to the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. R
OKITA ), chair of the K–12 sub-
committee on the Education and the Workforce Committee. 
Mr. ROKITA. I thank the chairman 
for his leadership throughout this en-tire push. 
What do I mean by push? Madam 
Speaker, I mean the fact that for the last 7-plus years No Child Left Be-hind—the current Federal law of the land with regard to K–12 education in this country—has gone unrenewed. And for many of us, in a very real sense, that is just as well. Because after a decade of living under No Child Left Behind, and more importantly, our children being taught under No Child Left Behind, we realized where its shortcomings are and where we need to go next. 
So we have worked on this product. 
And unlike the Democratic substitute, Madam Chair, that we are just now hearing about, this product has been 4 years in the works. In fact, it is so well-tuned and so well-reviewed that it 
passed this House in the last Congress. Now, finally, with a Republican Sen-ate, we have a chance to move real re-form that puts power back in the hands of our parents, teachers, local leaders, and local taxpayers so that we can again make the child the most impor-tant thing in the school. 
We are sort of shooting with real bul-
lets here. Again, we can get a product to the Senate. We can get that product to conference and then to the Presi-dent’s desk. So we are not talking in thin air here. Yet this Democratic sub-stitute really does just that. 
Introduced just a few weeks ago dur-
ing our markup, it seems to be an amalgamation of every idea that most parents and most teachers and most local taxpayers and entrepreneurs have found to be wrong with education ever since the Federal Government has been involved. 
And when I say wrong, it comes with 
a good deal of data and a good deal of evidence that says no Federal bureau-crat knows our kids better than that kid’s teachers and parents and local school administrators. 
So the whole theme of the Student 
Success Act is to trust those people, knowing that they care about their kids just as much and, in probably every case, more than we do here in Washington. 
As the father of a 7-year-old boy with 
disabilities and a 5-year-old boy, I know that is how I feel. We need to act now to reverse the Federal mandates under No Child Left Behind and to stop the Obama administration from coerc-ing States into adopting its preferred education reforms, including adoption of these Common Core standards. 
If we fail to act, the Secretary of 
Education will continue imposing his will on schools unilaterally. In essence, Madam Chair, a national school board. 
We have been working on this effort, 
like I said, for more than 4 years. Our goal from the beginning has been to roll back the role of Federal Govern-ment and return to State and local leaders the responsibility to deliver a quality education to their students. 
Now, some may say the Student Suc-
cess Act certainly isn’t perfect—and, as we know, no piece of legislation is—but 
we have heard over the years the con-cerns, I would say, of every type of stakeholder involved in this debate, and we found the right way forward with the Student Success Act. Every-thing in the Student Success Act is sig-nificantly better than anything in cur-rent law. 
And so the question is to my col-
leagues—certainly my Republican col-leagues, but also my Democratic col-leagues: Do you want to move the ball forward or not? Do you want to do something, or not, for our children? Or, do you want the Department of Edu-cation to become this Nation’s school board? 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Madam 
Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentle-woman from Oregon (Ms. B
ONAMICI ), a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:10 Feb 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00107 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27FE7.037 H27FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1482 February 27, 2015 
distinguished member of the Com-
mittee on Education and the Work-force. 
Ms. BONAMICI. Madam Chair, I 
would like to thank Ranking Member S
COTT for yielding, for his tremendous 
leadership, and for delivering a positive alternative to H.R. 5. I would also like to thank all the hardworking staff for their expertise and work. 
Since the Elementary and Secondary 
Education Act first passed in 1965, Con-gress has stood beside America’s dis-advantaged students and neediest com-munities—those with the highest con-centration of low-income students. 
Unlike H.R. 5, this amendment con-
tinues the essential mission of deliv-ering resources to students who need them the most. This substitute fixes what is broken in No Child Left Be-hind—and there is a lot—and it main-tains the original intent of equity. 
We have an opportunity to ensure 
that all students have access to high- quality public education and that schools and educators have the support they need to help all students reach high standards. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
amendment. 
Mr. KLINE. Madam Chair, I am 
pleased to yield 3 minutes to the gen-tleman from Oklahoma (Mr. R
USSELL ), 
a new member of the committee whose leadership has been very impressive, and his passion on this is unmatched. 
Mr. RUSSELL. Madam Chair, for 200 
years, we educated our children with-out Federal intrusion. During that time, we not only founded our Nation and strengthened it and held it to-gether during a Civil War, we won two World Wars and put a man on the Moon. We did it with the innovative spirit that local, educated States, fam-ilies, and people had without Federal intrusion mandating how they should be educated. 
Now, we see an opportunity to pre-
serve individual freedom, to preserve States’ rights, to protect privacy, to allow our teachers, to allow our local school boards, to allow our local com-munities, to continue to educate. 
Some States think that some other 
States don’t do a good job. That may be, but it is not their choice, and it is certainly not the Federal Govern-ment’s choice, to coerce and to put things out there. 
My State of Oklahoma is often re-
ferred to as ‘‘flyover country.’’ But our unemployment is 4.2 percent. That is nearly half that of many of these States that think that we ought to have some progressive Federal control of our education. We have no problem putting our population and our work-force to work. We also have the largest per capita population of astronauts and those in the space program. So much for lack of education in flyover coun-try. 
This is a good measure because we all 
agree in a bipartisan fashion that No Child Left Behind is bad—and it is leaving children behind—but we get there not by some collective coercive 
control. We get there by relying on teachers, school districts, and local control. 
What this does is repeals the one- 
size-fits-all accountability metric, which will remain if we do nothing. And I think our colleagues, Madam Chair, would agree. 
It eliminates over 65 wasteful pro-
grams that are currently authorized under law and which will remain if we do nothing. It eliminates mandates that force local schools to reserve 20 percent of their funds for activities that they don’t desire to do. Those mandates will remain if we do nothing. And it will also prohibit any agency of the Federal Government from coercing States to adopt Common Core or any other set of standards through waivers, Federal grants, or any other authority. That coercion remains if we do noth-ing. 
And, in bipartisan fashion, it elimi-
nates the Feds from having control of individual data from teachers and stu-dents—a concern that we all share— and that being sent to the Secretary of Education or the Department of Edu-cation. It also covers tribal data pro-tections that are often overlooked as well. 
It strengthens states’ rights language 
that is absent under No Child Left Be-hind. Where it says States may do this or that, it is not the Federal Govern-ment’s authority to do so. Instead, it says States retain the right to. 
And also, importantly, Madam Chair, 
it makes provisions for military de-pendent children, who currently are often overlooked as they move from place to place. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Madam 
Chair, I yield 2 minutes to the gen-tleman from Maryland (Mr. H
OYER ), 
the Democratic whip. 
Mr. HOYER. Madam Chair, this bill 
is complex and could be discussed for a 
long period of time. Mr. S COTT doesn’t 
have a long period of time, and I will be brief. 
I want to point out that when we 
passed, at the request of President Bush, No Child Left Behind, which ev-erybody has recognized does not have some of the components that it ought to have and has some components that it ought not to have—and Mr. S
COTT’s 
substitute fixes that which is broken— I will point out that that bill passed 384–45. 
This bill has, essentially, been on the 
floor before and got no Democratic votes. How sad it is that on an issue so important to our country, we don’t have a bipartisan bill. 
Now this bill had no hearings, not-
withstanding the fact there are 63 new Members. I am very pleased—and I thank Mr. S
COTT—that the Democratic 
alternative includes the full service community school program that I have been promoting for years. 
These full service community schools 
bring the successful model of the Ju-dith P. Hoyer Early Childhood Centers to K–12 nationally. Opportunities—there are 33 Judy 
Centers in Maryland, and there will be another three opening later this school year. My wife, for whom Judy Centers were named, was a strong proponent of this highly successful model, which has helped in closing the achievement gaps for thousands of students in Maryland. Sadly, H.R. 5 does not include provi-sions for those services, which will make a difference. 
I thank the chairman for his leader-
ship and the ranking member for his leadership and contribution. 
b1245 
Mr. KLINE. Madam Chair, can I in-
quire as to how much time is remain-ing on each side? 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Minnesota has 1 minute remain-ing. The gentleman from Virginia has 1
1⁄2minutes remaining. 
Mr. KLINE. Madam Chair, I yield 30 
seconds to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. A
LLEN ). 
Mr. ALLEN. I thank the gentleman 
from Minnesota for yielding 30 seconds. 
Madam Chair, I think we all agree 
that No Child Left Behind does not work. I think we all agree that every child deserves a good education. That is what H.R. 5 provides. It provides our teachers, our boards of education, and our States the opportunity to inno-vate. 
Isn’t that what education is all 
about? That is what the business world is all about. That is why I am sup-porting this bill. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Madam 
Chair, could you state again how much time is left? 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Virginia has 1
1⁄2minutes remain-
ing. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Madam 
Chair, I yield 30 seconds to the gen-tleman from California (Mr. H
ONDA ). 
Mr. HONDA. I thank the gentleman 
for yielding. 
Madam Chair, I rise in support of the 
Democratic substitute amendment to H.R. 5. This amendment builds on the lessons we learned from No Child Left Behind, protecting our most vulnerable students without punishing teachers. It meets the needs of the whole child, pro-vides a wraparound service promoting community schools. 
It helps all students count, giving 
States valuable, disaggregated data about individual student groups with individual learning. It is innovative, it is creative, and it is encouraging inno-vative, evidence-based practices. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
amendment. 
Madam Chair, I support the Democratic 
Substitute Amendment to H.R. 5. 
This amendment builds on the lessons we 
learned from No Child Left Behind . . . pro-tecting our most vulnerable students without punishing teachers. 
It addresses the learning needs of the whole 
child . . . providing wrap-around services and promoting community schools. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:10 Feb 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00108 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K27FE7.038 H27FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1483 February 27, 2015 
It ensures that all students count . . . giving 
states valuable, disaggregated data about indi-vidual student groups with individual learning needs. 
It supports educational innovation . . . by 
creating ARPA–ED, and encouraging innova-tive, evidence-based practices. 
It supports and rewards exceptional teach-
ers . . . by creating a STEM Master Teacher Corps. 
Most importantly, this amendment continues 
the Federal commitment to students who are in the most need. 
Fifty years ago, President Johnson signed 
the Elementary and Secondary Education Act into law. 
This act was an historic step to help protect 
our most vulnerable students . . . by increas-ing the Federal commitment to education. 
As we revisit this law, we have a real oppor-
tunity to take a step forward. To build on the successes and fix the problems. 
Unfortunately, our Republican colleagues 
chose to take a step backwards . . . removing important protections for our most vulnerable students. 
I urge my colleagues to support the Demo-
cratic Substitute. 
Mr. KLINE. Madam Chair, I reserve 
the balance of my time. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Madam 
Chair, I include for the R
ECORD a list of 
civil rights, education, child advocacy, and health-related organizations in support of this amendment. 
ORGANIZATIONS IN SUPPORT OF SCOTT  
SUBSTITUTE AMENDMENT #23 TO H .R. 5 
1. Congressional Asian Pacific American 
Caucus, 2. Congressional Black Caucus, 3. Congressional Hispanic Caucus, 4. Alliance for Excellent Education, 5. American Asso-ciation on Health and Disability, 6. Amer-ican Congress of Community Supports and Employment Services, 7. American Founda-tion for the Blind, 8. American Speech Lan-guage Hearing Association, 9. Association for University Centers on Disability, 10. Autism National Committee, 11. Autistic Self Advo-cacy Network, 12. Bazelon Center for Mental Health Law, 13. Brain Injury Association of America, 14. Council for Learning Disabil-ities, 15. Council of Parent Attorneys and Advocates, 16. Easter Seals, 17. Education Trust, 18. Epilepsy Foundation, 19. Grantmakers in the Arts, 20. Knowledge Alli-ance. 
21. Latino Elected and Appointed Officials: 
National Taskforce on Education, 22. Leader-ship Conference on Civil and Human Rights, 23. Lutheran Services in America Disability Network, 24. Mental Health America, 25. Na-tional Association of Councils on Develop-mental Disabilities, 26. National Association of School Psychologists, 27. National Asso-ciation of State Head Injury Administrators, 28. National Center for Learning Disabilities, 29. National Center for Families Learning, 30. National Center for Special Education in Charter Schools, 31. National Council on Independent Living, 32. National Disability Rights Network, 33. National Down Syn-drome Congress, 34. National Urban League, 35. Nemours Children’s Health System, 36. Perkins, 37. PACER Center, 38. Southern Poverty Law Center, 39. The Arc, 40. TASH. 
41. United Negro College Fund, Inc., 42. 
Virginia Commonwealth University; Univer-sity Center for Excellence in Developmental Disabilities, 43. Zero to Three. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Madam 
Chair, I yield 30 seconds to my col-league from Virginia (Mr. B
EYER ), 
former Lieutenant Governor. Mr. BEYER. Madam Chair, I rise in 
support of the Democratic substitute. 
H.R. 5 lacks essential protections for 
our kids. It is our responsibility to make sure our kids are safe at school. Too often, dangerous and abusive tech-niques are used to discipline our stu-dents, disproportionately subjecting minority students and students with disabilities to seclusion and restraint in the classroom. 
The Democratic substitute would 
protect our students by developing ap-propriate national standards on the use of seclusion and restraint. We cannot reduce the Federal oversight role for the very reason that our kids need to be safe in order to be educated. 
Mr. KLINE. Madam Chair, I reserve 
the balance of my time. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Madam 
Chair, can you remind us how much time we have left? 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Minnesota has 30 seconds remain-ing. The gentleman from Virginia has 30 seconds remaining. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Madam 
Chair, I yield 15 seconds to the gen-tleman from Colorado (Mr. P
OLIS). 
Mr. POLIS. While not perfect, the 
Democratic substitute is a lot better base bill than the Republican version. It does a better job getting account-ability right, expanding and repli-cating what works in public education, and changing what doesn’t work in public education. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Madam 
Chair, is the gentleman prepared to close? 
Mr. KLINE. I am. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Madam 
Chair, I would like to take a moment to thank my staff and would like to in-troduce a list of the staff members who have worked hard on this bill: Denise Forte, Jacque Chevalier, Christian Haines, Kelly Broughan, Scott Groginsky, Ashlyn Holeyfield, Brett Roude, and Theresa Thompson. They worked hard on this bill. 
We were given 2 legislative days to 
put a substitute together. We did the best we could. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. KLINE. Madam Chair, I feel like 
I have to compliment the minority for writing a bill in 2 days that is a ream and a half of paper—that is quite an ac-complishment—that adds more pro-grams, costs more money, and doubles down on what are failed policies. 
The Democrat substitute, frankly, is 
going in exactly the wrong direction. 
I urge my colleagues to oppose that 
substitute, support the underlying bill. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Virginia (Mr. S
COTT). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Madam 
Chair, I demand a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by 
the gentleman from Virginia will be postponed. 
Mr. KLINE. Madam Chair, I move 
that the Committee do now rise. 
The motion was agreed to. Accordingly, the Committee rose; 
and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. W
OMACK ) having assumed the chair, 
Mrs. B LACK , Acting Chair of the Com-
mittee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Com-mittee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 5) to support State and local accountability for public edu-cation, protect State and local author-ity, inform parents of the performance of their children’s schools, and for other purposes, had come to no resolu-tion thereon. 
f 
RECESS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess subject to the call of the Chair. 
Accordingly (at 12 o’clock and 51 
minutes p.m.), the House stood in re-cess. 
f 
b1416 
AFTER RECESS 
The recess having expired, the House 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Ms. F
OXX) at 2 o’clock and 16 
minutes p.m. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE 
CLERK OF THE HOUSE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
Washington, DC, February 27, 2015. 
Hon. J OHNA. B OEHNER , 
Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, 
DC. 
DEAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-
mission granted in Clause 2(h) of rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on February 27, 2015 at 12:59 p.m.: 
That the Senate passed S.527. Appointments: National Historical Publi-
cations and Records Commission. 
With best wishes, I am 
Sincerely, 
K
AREN L. H AAS. 
f 
MOTION TO GO TO CONFERENCE 
ON H.R. 240, DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY APPRO-PRIATIONS ACT, 2015 
Mr. CARTER of Texas. Madam 
Speaker, pursuant to clause 1, rule XXII, and by direction of the Com-mittee on Appropriations, I move to take from the Speaker’s table the bill (H.R. 240) making appropriations for the Department of Homeland Security for the fiscal year ending September 30, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:30 Feb 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00109 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27FE7.014 H27FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1484 February 27, 2015 
2015, and for other purposes, with the 
Senate amendment thereto, disagree with the Senate amendment, and re-quest a conference on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Texas is recognized for 1 hour. 
Mr. CARTER of Texas. Madam 
Speaker, we need to go to conference in order to move the process forward. 
I yield back the balance of my time, 
and I move the previous question on the motion. 
The previous question was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mrs. LOWEY. Madam Speaker, on 
that I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, this 15- minute vote on adoption of the motion will be followed by a 5-minute vote on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, if ordered. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 228, nays 191, not voting 13, as follows: 
[Roll No. 102] 
YEAS—228 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Babin Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Davis, Rodney Denham DeSantis DesJarlais Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher 
Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce Kelly (PA) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador 
LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci 
Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) 
Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schock Schweikert Scott, Austin 
Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) 
Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker 
Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—191 
Adams 
Aguilar Ashford Barletta Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Dent DeSaulnier Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr 
Fattah Foster Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Jones Katko Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney McSally Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler 
Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Ros-Lehtinen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Stefanik Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—13 
Amodei Frankel (FL) Green, Gene Hastings Hinojosa Kaptur 
Keating King (IA) Lee Long Payne 
Speier Turner b1443 
Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ, 
Messrs. GUTIE ´RREZ and PETERS 
changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ 
Mr. MESSER changed his vote from 
‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ 
So the motion to go to conference 
was agreed to. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
Stated for: Mr. KING of Iowa. Madam Speaker, on roll-
call No. 102, had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
Stated against: Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Madam 
Speaker, on rollcall No. 102, had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
Ms. FRANKEL of Florida. Madam Speaker, 
on rollcall No. 102, the motion to go to con-ference on H.R. 240, I was not present becrause I was unavoidably detained at the Army Corps Civil Works Review Board for the Port Everglades expansion project, which is important to the South Florida economy. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay.’’ 
Mr. PAYNE. Madam Speaker, on rollcall No. 
102 I would have voted ‘‘no’’ on sending to conference. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
Mr. KEATING. Madam Speaker, on Feb-
ruary 27, 2015 Mr. Speaker, had I been present for the vote on the Motion to go to Conference on H.R. 240, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
I would like the record to reflect how I would 
have voted if I were present: 
On rollcall No. 102, I would have voted 
‘‘no.’’ I remain strongly disappointed that Re-publican leadership has not brought a clean, long-term bill to fund the Department of Home-land Security to the floor. It is time to ade-quately fund DHS operations and personnel and stop playing games with our national se-curity. 
f 
THE JOURNAL 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-
finished business is the question on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, which the Chair will put de novo. 
The question is on the Speaker’s ap-
proval of the Journal. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. GOWDY. Madam Speaker, I de-
mand a recorded vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 
5-minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 226, noes 186, answered ‘‘present’’ 1, not voting 19, as follows: 
[Roll No. 103] 
AYES—226 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amodei Barton Becerra Bilirakis 
Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum 
Blumenauer Bonamici Boustany Brady (TX) Brat 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:15 Feb 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00110 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27FE7.045 H27FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1485 February 27, 2015 
Bridenstine 
Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Buchanan 
Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Ca´rdenas 
Cartwright Castro (TX) Chabot Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clay Cole Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Conyers Cook Cooper Cramer Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Davis (CA) DeGette DeLauro DelBene Dent DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Fincher Fleischmann Fortenberry Foster Frelinghuysen Gabbard Gallego Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Grayson Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hardy Harper Harris 
Heck (WA) Hensarling Higgins Himes 
Huelskamp Huffman Hultgren Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Johnson (GA) Johnson, Sam Jolly Kaptur Katko Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee King (NY) Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Loudermilk Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Lummis Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McHenry McMorris 
Rodgers 
McNerney Meadows Meng Messer Mica Miller (MI) Moolenaar Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neugebauer Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palmer Pelosi Pitts 
Pocan Polis Pompeo Posey 
Price (NC) Rangel Ribble Richmond Roby Rogers (KY) Rokita Roskam Ross Rothfus Royce Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sherman Shimkus Simpson Sinema Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Stefanik Stewart Stutzman Takai Takano Thornberry Titus Tonko Trott Tsongas Upton Wagner Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Webster (FL) Welch Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Womack Yarmuth Yoho Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOES—186 
Adams Aguilar Amash Babin Barletta Barr Bass Beatty Benishek Bera Beyer Bost Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brownley (CA) Buck Bucshon Burgess Capuano Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Castor (FL) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) 
Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Collins (GA) Connolly Costa Costello (PA) Crawford Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio Delaney Denham DeSantis DeSaulnier Dingell Dold Duckworth Duffy Ellison Ellmers (NC) Farenthold Fitzpatrick 
Fleming Flores Forbes Foxx Fudge Garrett Gibbs Gibson Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Hanna Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Honda Hoyer Huizenga (MI) Hunter 
Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jones Jordan Joyce Kelly (IL) Kilmer Kind Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Lance Langevin Lawrence Levin Lewis LoBiondo Love Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant Matsui McDermott McGovern McKinley McSally Meehan Meeks Miller (FL) Mooney (WV) Mulvaney 
Murphy (FL) Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Palazzo Pallone Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Rigell Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rohrabacher Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Rouzer Roybal-Allard Ruiz Rush Ryan (OH) 
Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schock Sewell (AL) Shuster Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Stivers Swalwell (CA) Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Tiberi Torres Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walberg Walden Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Wenstrup Wilson (FL) Wittman Woodall Yoder Young (AK) 
ANSWERED ‘‘PRESENT’’—1 
Gohmert 
NOT VOTING—19 
Ashford Chaffetz Courtney Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Garamendi Hinojosa Hudson 
Israel Keating King (IA) Lee Long Perlmutter Pingree 
Quigley Speier Tipton Turner 
b1456 
So the Journal was approved. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
Stated for: Mr. KING of Iowa. Madam Speaker, on roll-
call No. 103, had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without 
objection, a motion to reconsider the vote on adopting the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. C
AR-
TER) is laid on the table. 
There was no objection. 
f 
MOTION TO INSTRUCT CONFEREES 
ON H.R. 240, DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY APPRO-PRIATIONS ACT, 2015 
Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD. Madam 
Speaker, I offer a motion to instruct. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Clerk will report the motion. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Ms. Roybal-Allard moves that the man-
agers on the part of the House at the con-ference on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the bill H.R. 240 be instructed to recede from disagreement with the Senate amendment. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 7 of rule XXII, the gentle-woman from California (Ms. R
OYBAL - 
ALLARD ) and the gentleman from Texas (Mr. C ARTER ) each will control 30 min-
utes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from California. 
b1500 
Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD. Madam 
Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Madam Speaker, my motion would 
instruct the conferees to recede to the Senate position, which is the respon-sible position of providing a full-year funding for the Homeland Security De-partment. 
Secretary Johnson has warned over 
and over again that the Republican leadership’s refusal to allow a vote on a clean bipartisan funding bill, such as the one sent to this House by the Re-publican-led Senate, is threatening the national security of our country. With-out a full-year bill, the Secretary tells us that he is unable to move forward on key Homeland Security priorities, including new investments in border security technology, more aggressive ICE investigations related to transnational criminal organizations that engage in drug and human smug-gling and human trafficking, enhanced preparedness for responding to surges in illegal migration such as the one ex-perienced last summer, acquisition of the Coast Guard’s eighth National Se-curity Cutter, and the construction of the National Bio and Agro-Defense Fa-cility in Manhattan, Kansas, both of which could potentially be delayed and lead to associated higher costs. 
Also at risk are the badly needed se-
curity upgrades at the White House complex and the issuing of State and local terrorism prevention and re-sponse grants so critical to supporting our local first responders. These are just a few of the negative consequences of not fully funding our Department of Homeland Security. 
Madam Speaker, nothing can be 
gained by another stopgap funding measure, but much can be lost. We should not allow ourselves or the American people to be fooled into thinking that the House can continue to delay resolving this issue without undermining the national security of our Nation, or that the Department of Homeland Security has been doing just fine under the continuing resolution and can operate effectively under the uncertainty of a continuing resolution for even another day, much less 3 more weeks. 
The dire consequences of not funding 
the Department of Homeland Security are not the made-up warnings of Demo-crats. They are the warnings of the Secretary of Homeland Security and the heads of his agencies. 
Let me again read a portion of a let-
ter sent by Secretary Johnson to the bipartisan leadership of the House and Senate regarding the dangers of either a funding lapse or another short-term continuing resolution: 
A mere extension of a continuing resolu-
tion has many of the same negative impacts 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:21 Feb 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00111 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27FE7.023 H27FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1486 February 27, 2015 
of a shutdown. It exacerbates the uncer-
tainty for my workforce and puts us back in the same position on the brink of a shutdown just days from now. 
The Secretary ends his letter by say-
ing: ‘‘The American people are count-ing on us.’’ Again, Madam Speaker, the American people are indeed counting on us, and so far, the House Republican leadership has let them down. 
This stopgap funding measure does 
not fully address our national security needs. It simply represents the com-plete and utter abdication of our re-sponsibility as Members of Congress to protect the American people and our country. The Senate has acted in the best interests of our Nation and sent this House a bipartisan, bicameral agreement on funding for the Depart-ment of Homeland Security. 
Madam Speaker, our enemies aren’t 
waiting around while the Republican leadership continues to delay a full- year funding for the Department of Homeland Security or for Congress to go to conference in the hope that some time in the future we may have an agreement. 
Let the House, like the Senate, do 
the right thing and send this bill to the President. I urge my colleagues to vote for this motion to instruct conferees to bring back a clean, full-year, bipar-tisan funding bill for this Nation’s 
homeland security. 
Madam Speaker, I reserve the bal-
ance of my time. 
Mr. CARTER of Texas. Madam 
Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Madam Speaker, I rise in opposition 
to the motion to instruct conferees. As the House and Senate come together to find a path forward on funding the De-partment of Homeland Security, we must reconcile our profound dif-ferences over how to handle the Presi-dent’s executive actions. But the mi-nority should keep this in mind as we go to conference: the majority of American citizens oppose the Presi-dent’s actions on immigration, and they have asked us to fight those ac-tions. 
The House has acted decisively to 
fulfill that mandate. Six weeks ago, when the House approved a bill funding the Department of Homeland Security until the end of the fiscal year, the House also by large margins approved six amendments to stop the President’s far-reaching actions. 
The President himself has said—no 
fewer than 22 times—that he does not have the authority to change our im-migration laws unilaterally. Now the courts have weighed in, saying that no law has given the President the power to make these sweeping changes to our immigration policies. The evidence is overwhelming on this side of the de-bate. Now, we can vote again, but the outcome will be the same. The Amer-ican people have spoken. We must stand up against the administration’s overreach on immigration. 
While it is clear the President will 
not fulfill or act within the bounds of the law, we in Congress are here to de-
fend our Constitution, to provide those checks and balances that our Founding Fathers put into place to ensure the President does not act like a king. 
Madam Speaker, I urge my col-
leagues to join me in opposing this mo-tion to instruct, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. 
Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD. Madam 
Speaker, how much time is remaining? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tlewoman from California has 25 min-utes remaining. 
Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD. Madam 
Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gen-tlewoman from New York (Mrs. L
OWEY ), the ranking member on the 
full Appropriations Committee. 
Mrs. LOWEY. Madam Speaker, I rise 
in support of the motion to instruct conferees to agree to a clean funding bill for the Department of Homeland Security. 
Democratic and Republican nego-
tiators reached a deal on 2015 Home-land Security funding levels and re-lated policy issues in December. The Republican leadership made the polit-ical calculation to hold this funding hostage to ideological policy riders re-versing the President’s executive ac-tions on immigration. 
Having failed to extort these policy 
concessions, the Senate has done the right thing and moved forward to pass a clean Homeland Security funding bill that does not include poison pill immi-gration riders. Yet House leadership continues to dither, keeping alive the threat of a shutdown affecting the agencies that protect our ports, bor-
ders, aviation systems, communities, and more. 
This motion to instruct would make 
clear the will of the House is for a clean full-year Homeland Security funding bill. This motion rejects spend-ing another 3 weeks failing to give our critical agency the budget certainty it needs to hire employees, invest in new equipment and technologies, and pro-vide preparedness grants on which our communities rely. 
A $40 billion Cabinet-level depart-
ment must be able to plan more than 3 weeks in advance and must not be forced to rely on outdated funding lev-els or policies for 1 day longer than they already have. 
Madam Speaker, enough is enough. 
We know that the Senate cannot and will not pass a bill that irresponsibly ties Homeland Security funding to im-migration policy. We know that the President would never sign such a bill into law. 
This charade is wreaking havoc on 
some of the most important agencies in our Federal Government. It is time, my colleagues, it is time, my friends, to move on, and the way to do that is through a clean, full-year 2015 bipar-tisan Homeland Security funding bill that we negotiated, Democrats and Re-publicans, House and Senate. Let’s do it. 
Mr. CARTER of Texas. Madam 
Speaker, at this time, I would like to yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from 
Florida (Mr. J
OLLY ), my friend. 
Mr. JOLLY. Thank you, Mr. Chair-
man. 
Madam Speaker, I am a new member 
of the Appropriations Committee. I fully understand and respect the sig-nificant place that this committee sits in, Republicans and Democrats, to keep the government funded. I know that. I think the first responsibility of Con-gress is to keep the government open. But I take great reservation to my col-league’s suggestion that somehow this is an abdication of our constitutional responsibility. Nothing could be fur-ther from the truth. 
Madam Speaker, I want to make 
something clear to the American peo-ple today. All week I have seen signs on the House floor saying that Repub-licans are shutting down the Depart-ment of Homeland Security, and I have seen press conferences saying Repub-licans are shutting down the Depart-ment of Homeland Security, scaring the American people about something that has not happened. 
Here is what we have not heard: 
Where are the solutions and where is the compromise? Because I will tell the American people this today: what my colleagues on the other side of the aisle have said is: It is all or nothing. 
I understand the interest in a clean 
DHS bill. I am very sympathetic to that. But to take that position when we know that there are Members of this body who take grave, grave res-ervation to the constitutional over-reach of the President, that is an abdi-cation of the constitutional responsi-bility of this body. 
All or nothing is not legislating. 
Signs are not legislating. Press con-ferences are not legislating. Legis-lating is reaching a compromise be-tween two sides of the aisle with very different views of this. I will tell you, this process has not gone how I would have wished it to go. But I know this: the Nation is better and the Congress is better when we have regular order and when we legislate the way the Con-stitution has ordained. 
Madam Speaker, we cannot abdicate 
our constitutional authority to recog-nize that we have a bicameral, bipar-tisan Congress with a disagreement, and what we owe to the United States Constitution is the opportunity for us to find a compromise. 
So I will ask you this: What if DACA 
provisions were removed from the DHS bill? Does that get us votes? What if we delayed the President’s executive order until final disposition by the courts? 
Does that get us votes? What gets us the votes we need as a body of 300 Members? Not 218 Members, but 300 Members. Where is the compromise? All or nothing is not legislating. 
I will tell you it was a remarkable 
comment by the majority leader on the other side of this building this morning to suggest that going to conference is a waste of time. That is an abdication of the constitutional responsibility of this body. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:21 Feb 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00112 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27FE7.051 H27FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1487 February 27, 2015 
All I am asking for, Madam Speaker, 
is that we recognize the difference and we ask my colleagues on the other side of the aisle: Where is the compromise? Because all or nothing is not legis-lating. Signs are not legislating, scare tactics are not legislating, and press conferences are not legislating. 
Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD. Madam 
Speaker, I would just like to point out that we have a solution, and it is the bipartisan, bicameral compromise bill that was sent by the Senate for us to vote on, and that is what we are asking for. 
b1515 
Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to 
the gentlewoman from California (Ms. L
OFGREN ), the ranking minority mem-
ber of the Homeland Security Sub-committee on Immigration and Border Security. 
Ms. LOFGREN. Madam Speaker, a 
lot of discussion has been that, some-how, the President has acted unconsti-tutionally or unlawfully. Nothing could be further from the truth. 
There is ample legal authority for 
what the President has done. Prosecu-torial discretion is a long-established practice in every area of the law, both civil and criminal. When a law enforce-ment agency has only enough resources to go after a fraction of the individuals who it suspects of violating the rel-evant law, it has to make choices. There is no alternative. 
In the case of immigration, not only 
do we recognize this, Congress has spe-cifically directed the head of the De-partment to set priorities, enforcement priorities, for removal. 
Now, in addition to that, the Su-
preme Court has recognized in many cases the need—and really the author-ity of the executive—to make these de-cisions. In the Arizona case, it said Federal officials, as an initial matter, must decide whether it makes sense to pursue removal at all. 
Our own Congressional Research 
Service has found that no court ap-pears to have invalidated a policy of nonenforcement founded upon prosecu-torial discretion on the grounds that the policy violated the take care clause. 
Deferred action is nothing more than 
a tentative revocable signal to a non-citizen that the government does not intend to initiate removal proceedings at this time. Not only is that ten-tative, but the statute at U.S.C. 1182(a)(9)(B)(ii) authorizes the period of stay by the Department in such cases. 
Congress has expressly recognized de-
ferred action by name repeatedly. In addition to the statute, the formal reg-ulations of the Justice Department and Homeland Security have also expressly recognized deferred action. 
In the Reno v. American-Arab Anti- 
Discrimination case, Justice Scalia said, ‘‘At each stage, the Executive has discretion to abandon the endeavor’’— referring to the removal process—‘‘and at the time IIRIA was enacted, the INS had been engaging in a regular practice 
(which has come to be known as ’de-ferred action’) of exercising that dis-cretion for humanitarian reasons or simply for its own convenience.’’ 
The arguments that somehow this is 
unlawful are so far wrong because nothing in the recent executive actions conflicts with either the letter or the spirit of the Immigration and Nation-ality Act or any other Federal statute. 
I would note that the court in Texas 
did not find the President’s action un-constitutional. It suggested—and I think wrongly—that the Administra-tive Procedure Act applies to these ac-tions. There is nothing in the history of the Administrative Procedure Act that suggests that is the case. 
I would just suggest that the Repub-
licans fund Homeland Security and let the process work through the courts. 
Mr. CARTER of Texas. Madam 
Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD. Madam 
Speaker, I yield 30 seconds to the gen-tlewoman from Florida (Ms. B
ROWN ), 
the ranking member on the Veterans’ Affairs Committee. 
Ms. BROWN of Florida. Madam 
Speaker, let me just be clear—I am from Florida—the number one respon-sibility of any Member of Congress is to defend the American people, and we don’t do that by punting our responsi-bility to fund Homeland Security, pe-riod. 
You all need to stop playing games 
with the safety of the American people. 
Mr. JOLLY. Will the gentlewoman 
yield? 
Ms. BROWN of Florida. You are the 
one that got on this floor and said it is a political football. If it is a political football, you are done playing. 
Mr. JOLLY. Will the gentlewoman 
yield? 
Ms. BROWN of Florida. My time has 
expired. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-
bers must direct their remarks to the Chair. 
Mr. CARTER of Texas. Madam 
Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Geor-gia (Mr. W
OODALL ). 
Mr. WOODALL. Madam Speaker, I 
thank my friend from Texas not just for the time, but for the work he is doing to try to fund the responsibilities of the government. 
I have been in this institution for 4 
years, Madam Speaker, and I have grown to love this institution. I have grown to love the people who serve in this institution, and it is disappointing to me to see some of the tempers that boil over here and have that on display for the American people. 
The truth is those tempers boil over, 
Madam Speaker, because folks here care. They don’t care a little; they care a lot. 
What I have been grappling with as 
we have been going through this proc-ess—and the Appropriations Com-mittee has been working so hard—is how do we bring our passion to the 
President’s desk in a way that can make a difference for our people back home. 
I look at the chairman of the Appro-
priations Committee here and the ranking member. For Pete’s sake, they passed a bill out of committee on this issue last summer. 
To watch this debate, you would 
think that the Congress is so derelict that we put everything off until the eleventh hour. Not true, Madam Speak-er. Last summer, the House passed this out of committee. 
Now, of course, the process broke 
down last summer. We passed seven bills across this floor. The Senate had yet to pass one. I am tired of figuring out who to blame here. I am in the business of trying to figure out how to solve problems. 
The Senate is making some progress. 
Golly, they have considered more amendments in the Senate so far in 2015 than they considered all of last year combined. They are making progress. We are starting to get this train back on track. 
What is happening here today, 
though it seems so controversial, is we have got a motion to instruct, Madam Speaker, conferees. Now, I disagree with the motion to instruct. The mo-tion says: Let’s just do what the Sen-ate said we should do. 
I don’t actually think that fulfills 
my constitutional obligation, but the fact that we are even in a place today to instruct conferees, it takes us back. I would argue if we took a poll outside, Madam Speaker, we could find folks all up and down Constitution Avenue, all up and down Independence Avenue, who saw that skit on ‘‘Saturday Night Live’’ with the bill tumbling down the stairs as folks tried to remember how a bill becomes a law. 
If we can pass this 3-week continuing 
resolution today, we are going to be able to demonstrate how a bill becomes a law when the House has a position and the Senate has a position and they come together to work out those dif-ferences before it goes to the Presi-dent’s desk. 
Madam Speaker, I have been here 4 
years. I can count on one hand how many times I have seen that process work. These issues are too important to say: The other body took care of it, I will just defer to them. 
The Members of this body are too tal-
ented, they are too committed, they love this country too much. For the 435 of us to come together and say, We have nothing to add, let’s just do what the Senate said—I can’t count the number of colleagues I have, Madam Speaker, on the Democratic side of the aisle who love this country, care about this country on one hand. I can’t count them on two hands. I can’t count them on all of my fingers and toes because it is every single Member. 
The same thing is true on my side of 
the aisle. I would just ask my friends, my committed patriot friends, it is 3 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:21 Feb 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00113 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27FE7.052 H27FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1488 February 27, 2015 
weeks to have an opportunity to have 
our collective voice heard. The Amer-ican people deserve it; the Nation needs it. Our leaders on the Appropriations Committee, Republican and Democrat alike, have given us an opportunity to do it. 
Let’s take ‘‘yes’’ for an answer. Let’s 
reject this motion to instruct, but let’s do go to conference. Let’s pass this continuing resolution, and let’s restore some pride in a process that has served this country so well for so long. 
Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD. Madam 
Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
I just want to point out to the gentle-
men that the ranking members and chairs of the Appropriations Sub-committees of the House and the Sen-ate worked together on the bill that we are trying to bring for a vote, that this was a negotiated bill by both Houses. 
This is not something that we are 
just trying to bring from the Senate without the House having any input. This was the negotiated, compromised bill of both Houses. 
I now yield 2 minutes to the gen-
tleman from Minnesota (Mr. E
LLISON ), 
a member of the Financial Services Committee. 
Mr. ELLISON. Madam Speaker, I 
would like to thank the gentlewoman for yielding. 
Madam Speaker, just for people who 
are watching this debate, I would like to take us back to December of 2014 when we passed this thing called the CR/Omnibus, all these spending bills together that we spent money for the American people over the course of a year to fund our government, except for the Department of Homeland Secu-rity bill, which would be funded right through midnight tonight. 
Why did we single this one bill out 
for this short term? For one reason and one reason only: The Republican ma-jority wanted to pick a fight with the President over the President’s execu-tion of his lawful authority to try to solve problems in the area of immigra-tion. 
Now, a Federal district court judge, 
who has a long history of Republican partisanship, decided that he would issue an order stopping the execution of this executive order action; so, now, why don’t we let the district court han-dle it, pass a year-long bill, and look after the public safety of the American people? 
This thing is where it should be. It is 
with the courts. People on the Repub-lican side of the aisle, Madam Speaker, who say that this is unconstitutional— which it is not—now have the ball in the court they say they want it in, which is in the court’s hands, so let us get about the business of protecting the homeland. 
Madam Speaker, I am from Min-
neapolis, Minnesota, and I am proud of that, but I have got a terrorist group in Somalia talking about what they want to do to my mall. That is a fact of my district right now, and I feel very bit-ter and resentful that we are holding 
up Homeland Security money. 
I ask this body to not kick the ball 
for 3 weeks, but to get to business now, so that we can plan and protect our homeland. 
This is serious business, not a polit-
ical football to acquire power. 
Mr. CARTER of Texas. Madam 
Speaker, I yield as much time as he may consume to the gentleman from the great State of Alabama (Mr. A
DER-
HOLT ), my friend. 
Mr. ADERHOLT. Madam Speaker, I 
thank the chairman for letting me speak on this motion. 
As a past chairman of this Sub-
committee on Homeland Security, I know firsthand how important it is for the funding for Homeland Security to go forward. The bottom line is the House has done its job. 
Back in December, the House voted 
to fund the Federal Government for the fiscal year. We kept the funding for the Department of Homeland Security on a continuing resolution so that it would not lapse. 
By doing so, we were making a prom-
ise to the American people, a promise that once the Republicans had full con-trol of the Senate, we would work to-gether as a Congress to ensure that the President’s unconstitutional and dan-gerous actions would not go un-checked. 
Every President takes an oath under 
the Constitution that the laws of this land will be upheld; however, the con-cern that we have now is the President is directing Federal employees to take unlawful actions. 
The House position on this bill pro-
vides proper funding. It defends the President’s unlawful actions. The House has voted, the Senate has voted, and—as my colleague from Florida had said earlier—once that happens when you don’t agree, you go to conference, and that is how you legislate. 
I urge my fellow House Members to 
support the actions laid out by the Speaker so that we can move forward with this so that we can go to con-ference and act like true legislators in how the Founding Fathers in their wis-dom meant for this to move forward. 
b1530 
Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD. Madam 
Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE ), a member of the 
Committee on Foreign Affairs and the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. 
Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsyl-
vania. Madam Speaker, I realize that I haven’t been serving in this body very long—only 8 weeks—but today is ex-actly the kind of day that drives most people nuts about Congress. Even though we all agree—Senate Repub-licans, Senate Democrats, in a more than 2–1 vote; House Democrats and House Republicans—that we need to fund the Department of Homeland Se-curity, yet here we are a few hours be-fore the deadline once again playing 
around with the security of the United States. 
Madam Speaker, we have a way to 
end this. We have the Senate bill in front of us. Let us adopt the bipartisan bill, get the Department of Homeland Security funded, and then we can move on and have this legitimate debate about immigration. 
Mr. CARTER of Texas. I reserve the 
balance of my time. 
Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD. Madam 
Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gen-tleman from Kentucky (Mr. Y
ARMUTH ), 
a member of the Committee on the Budget and the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
Mr. YARMUTH. I thank the gentle-
woman for yielding. 
Madam Speaker, I would like to re-
peat some things that I have heard over the last couple of weeks about this particular situation: 
‘‘I fully believe we should not be 
playing politics with a national secu-rity agency like the Department of Homeland Security, particularly given the high threat environment that we are in right now.’’ 
‘‘The political impasse on DHS fund-
ing must end. Responsible members of both parties must work together to find some way to fund DHS without further delay.’’ 
‘‘The worst thing we can do is let our 
enemies think we are backing off, that we are cutting off funding. This in-volves human lives, and this is too risky a game to be playing here. This is no way to run a government.’’ 
Madam Speaker, those aren’t my 
words. Those are words from Repub-lican Members of this body discussing the reckless game that their party is playing with the funding of the Depart-ment of Homeland Security. 
Every rationale I have heard for not 
voting for a clean funding bill right now involves some kind of an ideolog-ical orientation. We have got a lot of constitutional lawyers, apparently, in this body because people are arguing whether it is constitutional or not. Meanwhile, we face threats day in and day out, both here and abroad, that we are not being able to cope with. 
There is a great or legendary con-
servative thinker and writer, William F. Buckley, Jr. He once said: ‘‘Idealism is fine, but as it approaches reality, the costs become prohibitive.’’ Right now, the costs to our defense, the security of our Nation are becoming prohibitive. Let’s stop this argument. Let’s do what we both agree on and fund our Nation’s security apparatus. 
Mr. CARTER of Texas. At this time, 
I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. B
YRNE ). 
Mr. BYRNE. Madam Speaker, I rise 
to oppose this motion, and I would like to address the House with the reasons why. 
I have been here for a year and 2 
months, and I believe in my time here, this is the first time that we have actu-ally been in the position to get a bill 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:21 Feb 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00114 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27FE7.054 H27FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1489 February 27, 2015 
back from the Senate on which they 
disagreed with us and that we have even the opportunity to go to a con-ference. 
Now, when I took high school civics, 
it was my understanding that that is the way the process works. The bill starts in one House, goes to another House; the other House disagrees, and it comes back to the other House. If the other House wants to go and dis-cuss it, we go to conference and discuss it. 
This House took a very important po-
sition back in January to fund the De-partment of Homeland Security, and we added some riders. Now we need to go to conference so that our position, the House’s position, can be fully dis-cussed by the conferees for both Houses. During that discussion, we don’t know what the outcome will be, but that discussion could lead to some-thing that could get us a solution. That is what the people of America want us to try to do is to get to a solution. So far what we have tried hasn’t worked. 
Now, I wish the Senate had acted ear-
lier. I wish we could have gotten this back in time enough for us not to have to go through some of the gyrations we are doing now, but we are where we are. To go to conference and to give whoever is appointed as the House con-ferees the opportunity to work with whoever is appointed from the Senate as their conferees to try to arrive at something like a consensus that we can all vote for—even if we don’t feel 100 percent good about it—seems to be what I thought we learned in high school civics class is the way the proc-ess is supposed to work. 
So I hope that we will go forward. I 
hope this motion is defeated for that purpose, so that we can do things in regular order, which perhaps this Con-gress has forgotten to do, it has been so many years since we have done it. Now that the Senate has acted—and many of us, including me, have said we want-ed the Senate to act—let’s take their action, go to a conference committee with them, and work on trying to get this thing worked out. 
Now, some people say that this isn’t 
going to work, that nothing is going to come of it. I tell you this: if we don’t try it, absolutely it is not going to work; but if we give it a chance, then we could get something out of it that is a win not for us in this House or the Senate, but a win for the people of the United States of America, the people we are here to represent. 
So I hope that the people in both 
Houses and both parties can come to-gether at least long enough for us to talk with one another, not at one an-other, not from an ideology, not from a partisan standpoint, but from the standpoint of what is best for the peo-ple of the United States and for what is appropriate under the Constitution of the United States, because we are also here, as our oath requires, to uphold the Constitution of our country. 
I believe our conferees should have 
an opportunity to go in there and do the right thing to protect the people of 
America through the funding of the De-partment of Homeland Security and to do the right thing to defend the Con-stitution of our country. By defeating this motion and going forward with the conference, we give the process a chance to work, and to work well, in both of those regards. 
So I respect the people on the other 
side who think we should just give in; but I don’t think we should just give in, because I don’t think the American people want us to just give in. I think the American people want us to do our work, to make sure we protect our country by appropriately funding the Department of Homeland Security, but that we also protect our country by de-fending the Constitution of the United States. 
I believe the actions taken by the 
President are unconstitutional. A judge has stayed those actions because he has got some legal issues with them. I don’t know what is going to happen in that court proceeding. I am not going to try to predict that here on the floor of the House, because a lot of times you try to predict a court proceeding, you will find out you are wrong. 
In the meantime, we still have an ob-
ligation to do our job, and I think going forward with this conference committee is doing our job in the most important of senses. I appreciate the opportunity to stand here today and address this House and to urge my col-leagues to defeat this motion so that we can do something we haven’t done in a number of years, and that is to ful-fill the obligations given to us by our forebears, do our job, get this thing done, get it done right, and make sure that we have done right by the people of the United States. 
Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD. How much 
time is remaining on both sides? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tlewoman from California has 14 min-utes remaining, and the gentleman from Texas has 14 minutes remaining. 
Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD. Madam 
Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gen-tlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON  
LEE), ranking member of the Sub-
committee on Crime, Terrorism, Home-land Security, and Investigations. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Let me thank 
the gentlelady for her excellent work on the Subcommittee on Homeland Se-curity of the Committee on Appropria-tions and the gentleman, Mr. C
ARTER . 
To the statements that have been 
made on the floor, might I just chron-icle a more correct, if I might say, ar-ticulation of really what happened. 
First, it is an applause and apprecia-
tion for the work done by the gentle-lady from California and the gen-tleman from Texas, along with the ranking member and the chairman of the Committee on Appropriations, be-cause they had 12 appropriations bills ready to go forward. 
What my good friends have missed on 
the other side of the aisle is they de-bunked the full funding of the Depart-ment of Homeland Security because of 
their ire against the President’s au-thorized constitutional executive ac-tion. That is why we are here today, for no other reason than, rather than al-lowing the debate on a clean funding on the omnibus bills, the 12 that have come from the House, they took out the Department of Homeland Security and left it to the side. 
They took it out in the light of 
young women, as I indicated. Three Denver girls played hooky from school and tried to join ISIS. They took it out in the light of the FBI Director saying there is an ISIS cell in every State. They took it out in the light of the tragedies that happened in Paris, in Denmark, and have happened around the world in Australia. Boko Haram, they took it out. They took out that full funding of the Department of Homeland Security and skewed it by adding their contempt for the execu-tive action. 
But then, lo and behold, what hap-
pened is a judge didn’t rule it unconsti-tutional in Texas. That was not the order of the court. It was that there were questions that should be decided— it was actually a stay—and that it should have gone through an adminis-trative procedure, the APA. It did not rule it unconstitutional, but it was an action that caused, at least for the mo-ment, a stay in the actions of the President. 
What does that say, Madam Speaker? 
It says that today we can come and give a full funding for the Department of Homeland Security. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentlewoman has expired. 
Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD. I yield an ad-
ditional 30 seconds to the gentlewoman from Texas. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. I thank the gen-
tlelady. 
Madam Speaker, that order answers 
their concern about the executive ac-tion. In the meantime, we have every opportunity tonight, today to vote on a clean full funding of the Department of Homeland Security until September, because that is what the Senate did. They did their work. 
But now we are playing games, in 
spite of the letter from the Secretary of Homeland Security, and we are tell-ing the Customs and Border Protec-tion, we are telling the TSOs, the FAA, the ICE officers, all of them, we put a stop sign and said we no longer want to secure America. 
I ask for support of this motion to in-
struct, and I ask for full funding for the Department of Homeland Security. Let’s do our job. 
Mr. CARTER of Texas. Madam 
Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gen-tleman from North Carolina (Mr. P
ITTENGER ). 
Mr. PITTENGER. I thank the gen-
tleman for yielding me the time. 
Madam Speaker, I am here today ab-
solutely in amazement that we are in this discussion about the Constitution of the United States. This is an issue of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:21 Feb 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00115 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27FE7.055 H27FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1490 February 27, 2015 
the balance of powers. This is an issue 
of our liberties. As important as the Homeland Security bill is, we recognize today that the Congress has made its statement, the President of the United States has made his statement 22 times that he did not have the right to de-clare amnesty, the courts have made their statement, and yet today we are in this dialogue. 
I hope the American people are 
watching today and seeing the miscommunication of truth. The truth is we are committed to the Constitu-tion, and we are going to stand by the Constitution. We are not going to allow the edict of one person to commit this country to a direction unchallenged. We are here committed to that prin-ciple. We believe that the rights of the American people are founded in this Constitution, and we will submit our-selves to that. 
Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD. I reserve the 
balance of my time. 
Mr. CARTER of Texas. Madam 
Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gen-tleman from Georgia (Mr. A
USTIN  
SCOTT). 
Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia. I 
thank the gentleman for yielding. 
Madam Speaker, as I listened to this 
debate and watched as some of the peo-ple talked about what our duty was and was not as Members of Congress, I thought I might come down and read the oath that we as Members of Con-gress take. It is simple. 
‘‘I do solemnly swear or affirm that I 
will support and defend the Constitu-tion of the United States against all enemies, foreign and domestic; that I will bear true faith and allegiance to the same; that I take this obligation freely, without any mental reservation or purpose of evasion; and that I will well and faithfully discharge the duties of the office on which I am about to enter, so help me God.’’ 
b1545 
Ladies and gentlemen, this is not 
about immigration. This is about whether or not the President has the ability to unilaterally run this country by creating fees and spending those fees as he sees fit. I would submit to you that he doesn’t. If the President can do this and is allowed to get away with this, then, when we get a pro-life President, that pro-life President can create a fee on abortion providers and use it to fund adoption. 
It seems to me that the Democratic 
Party, which prefers free cell phones to taking care of the men and women who protect our country in uniform, likes the rules when they are working for them but doesn’t want to abide by the rules all the time. 
What the President has done vio-
lates, I believe, the separation of pow-ers. I would suggest to you that this is a very dangerous precedent, and this is well worth fighting for in maintaining our oath as Members of the United States Congress to defend the Constitu-tion. Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD. Madam 
Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gen-tleman from Massachusetts (Mr. K
EATING ). 
Mr. KEATING. Madam Speaker, let’s 
not lose focus here. We are talking about our country’s security. We heard what would happen if the homeland function were to be eliminated imme-diately over a shutdown even with the emergency provisions that are existing. 
I want to address an important issue, 
and that is the issue of our security being jeopardized because of these stopgap budgets. Now, what does that mean? That means we continue to work within the constraints of last year’s priorities, that we can’t move beyond the funding that is there for those functions that we said were im-portant for our security last year. The trouble with that is the terrorist threats are changing every single day. The landscape is changing under our feet, yet we are in a straightjacket in dealing with it. We cannot continue going forward. It has already jeopard-ized our ability to look at nuclear de-tection in this country because of these stopgap budgets. 
My State suffered a terrible tragedy 
with the Boston Marathon bombing, but I think all of us agree and all of us saw the way they organized, the way they coordinated all the functions—the State, the local, and the Federal Gov-ernment, the medical functions, the emergency service. We all concluded— rightfully so—that countless lives were saved because of that. Do you know why? Because there was training and preparation for what could come. 
We cannot deal successfully in this 
country with the threats that are con-fronting us here today and tomorrow— terrorist attacks—with last year’s pri-orities and without being able to shift and meet those priorities. Let’s stop the stopgap budgeting. It is hurting our country. It is hurting our security. Let’s do what we are supposed to do under the Constitution—make these decisions to fund it. 
Mr. CARTER of Texas. Madam 
Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD. Madam 
Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gen-tleman from Maryland (Mr. H
OYER ), 
the Democratic whip of the House. 
Mr. HOYER. Madam Speaker, I rise 
in support of this motion. I also rise to lament the fact that we had an oppor-tunity just a few hours ago, or an hour ago, to do what the Senate rationally did. After four opportunities of trying to adopt the House position, the Senate failed to do so. 
Now, I heard my young friend from 
Texas talk about the Constitution. I have heard a lot of people say we ought to read the Constitution. I agree with that. The Constitution has provided for the resolution of the injury of which you speak so passionately, and that is Article III of the Constitution. 
Marbury v. Madison said that the Su-
preme Court had the authority, wheth-er it was the President or the Congress, 
to say that that is not constitutional. Frankly, by our passing a law and say-ing this is constitutional, as has been attempted and done in the past by my Republican friends, to say, ‘‘we say, by legislative fiat, this is constitutional,’’ unfortunately, today, we gave up the opportunity to act responsibly. My friend Mr. R
OGERS , for whom I have 
great respect, and Mrs. L OWEY know we 
are going to be back here some 20 days from today with this same debate be-cause the Senate has already said they are not going to conference. When I say ‘‘the Senate,’’ the Democrats are not going to give 60 votes as the Repub-licans would not give 60 votes to go to conference on other bills in past years. 
What we did was we reversed the 
order of the legislation we are consid-ering. Had we done the original order, we would have done this motion to go to conference and the motion to in-struct first. As a result, we would have still had the Senate bill in the House of Representatives so as to act respon-sibly, but there apparently was a fear that we might do that, so that bill was sent back to the Senate before we con-sidered the CR for 21 days. 
I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ 
on this motion to instruct. Vote ‘‘yes’’ to, at some point in time, do what is the responsible and doable alternative. It is not a question of whether you like it or I like it. It is the alternative that we in the Congress can do, and that is why 68 Members of the United States Senate—Republicans and Democrats— voted to say we have tried for 6 weeks to do what we all need to do, and that is to fund the Department of Homeland Security to keep America safe. We are going to delay that; but, at a min-imum, we ought to say to the con-ferees—and few of us on this floor be-lieve there will be any conference. Again, the Senate will not vote to go to conference. Let us vote at least for this responsible motion made by the gentlewoman from California. 
Mr. CARTER of Texas. Madam 
Speaker, may I inquire as to how much time I have left. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Texas has 10
1⁄2minutes re-
maining, and the gentlewoman from California has 5
1⁄2minutes remaining. 
Mr. CARTER of Texas. Madam 
Speaker, I would first like to say that I certainly hope that Mr. H
OYER , when 
he referred to his young friend from Texas, was talking about me. That makes me feel really good. I appreciate that. 
At this time, I yield 3 minutes to my 
young friend from Texas (Mr. G
OH-
MERT ). 
Mr. GOHMERT. Madam Speaker, I 
appreciated so much my friend Mr. S
COTT for bringing up that oath. It 
does mean a lot—in my case, taking that oath to serve in the Army for 4 years, taking, basically, the same oath to be a prosecutor in Texas, to be a judge in Texas, to be a chief justice in Texas, and now to be in Congress. It 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:21 Feb 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00116 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27FE7.056 H27FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1491 February 27, 2015 
means something. Protecting the Con-
stitution means that, if we don’t pre-serve the balance of power, then this little experiment in democracy—or ‘‘a Republic, madam,’’ as Benjamin Franklin referred to—will be lost. 
I appreciated what my friend from 
Maryland said, and I wrote it down be-cause it was profound: ‘‘we gave up the opportunity to act responsibly.’’ 
I would humbly submit, Madam 
Speaker, that that has been going on for the last 6 years. Now, some of it went on during the Bush administra-tion as the President used executive or-ders and took powers that probably shouldn’t have been his. In talking to people who have been in Congress over the last 35 years or so, they have told me that, whether it was Gerald Ford or Richard Nixon when Goldwater went down Pennsylvania Avenue, Jimmy Carter, Ronald Reagan, George H.W. Bush, Bill Clinton, or George W. Bush, there was a willingness on both sides of the aisle to get in a car together and go down Pennsylvania Avenue and say, ‘‘Mr. President, you have usurped far too much power. We can’t let you de-stroy the Constitution any further. We are taking a stand.’’ We have missed that opportunity to act responsibly, but, fortunately, it is not yet too late. 
If you do not know what ‘‘irrespon-
sibility’’ is, then look at Judge Hanen’s opinion. He spells it out. This Presi-dent didn’t even have the gumption to write an executive order and sign it. He spoke his new amnesty law into being, and then Jeh Johnson did a memo. That took the power of Congress away from us. So the question on acting re-sponsibly is: Do we make that message clear that we are not having laws spo-ken into being in this country and hav-ing some bureaucrat—unelected—come around with a memo that undoes laws by different Congresses all these years that have been signed by different Presidents? With a memo? Come on. 
It is time to act responsibly. Now is 
the time. Please. I know party divi-sions run deep, but stand with us for the Constitution. 
Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD. Madam 
Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentle-woman from California (Ms. P
ELOSI ), 
the Democratic leader of the House. 
Ms. PELOSI. I thank the gentle-
woman for yielding, and I commend her and Congresswoman L
OWEY for their 
very important motion to instruct con-ferees to accept the Senate language. 
Madam Speaker, I want to address 
some of what a previous speaker had mentioned, but I am going to go to the most recent previous speaker. 
If you feel so strongly—because I 
don’t know if this is about thinking or feeling—about the immigration issue and the executive actions taken by the President, I respect that; but why are you jeopardizing the homeland security of the United States of America by at-taching your emotions to this bill? 
That is what this is about. If you 
have an argument about immigration, have an immigration bill come to the floor, and let’s have that debate. You 
did say that we have given up the op-portunity to act responsibly. That is exactly what you are doing today. Pol-icy differences about immigration or the rest are a legitimate debate in this great marketplace of ideas that is called the House of Representatives; but it is not for you to hold hostage the homeland security of our country, to jeopardize the opportunity to prepare, to have what is current and necessary for the realities of the threats that we are facing now instead of—3 months since December until, it would be, March 19—3-month-old funding carried over from last year. A lot has happened since then in Paris, in the Middle East, with threats in our own country. 
b1600 
Get a grip on our responsibility. Get 
a grip, Madam Speaker. Give us a chance to vote on a bill that passed by more than two-thirds in the United States Senate with strong bipartisan support. 
As far as your criticisms of President 
Obama, nobody said ‘‘boo’’ over there when President Reagan used—justifi-ably so, rightfully so—his executive or-ders on protecting immigrants in our country. George Herbert Walker Bush, the same. President Clinton. George W. Bush, who was one of the best Presi-dents on immigration in our country, wasn’t able to convince his Republican colleagues to respect immigration as the invigoration of our country. But, nonetheless, he led on that subject. 
So you have made a mess. We have so 
many bills, counter bills, CRs, all the rest of it coming back, forward, and all the rest, and every time I ask all of you what is happening, everybody says: I don’t know. 
It is only 8 hours until the govern-
ment will shut down. That can’t pos-sibly happen. And I want to address that point. Someone has said to me, Well, the President said he won’t let the government shut down—that he would sign this 3-week option. That is a bad choice that we have given the President—to shut the government down or extend it for 3 weeks—when that 3-week extension is as under-mining to our national security as a shutdown in government. That is just not right. It is not responsible on our part. 
So I say to our colleagues, if they 
want to go down that path of poor choices, let the Republicans do that. If they have got multiagendas here, anti- Obama agendas here about immigra-tion and the rest, let them go down that path. Let them put their 218 votes on the board without our associating ourselves with it. 
And just because the President’s per-
son says of the two bad choices he would choose the 3 weeks if it came to his desk, don’t let that deter you from voting ‘‘no’’ on that and ‘‘yes’’ on what Congresswoman R
OYBAL -ALLARD and 
Congresswoman L OWEY are putting 
forth as well. Yes, we do take that oath, as the gen-
tleman said, whether you are a judge, whether you are in the military, whether you are in Congress, or the 
President of the United States, to pro-tect and support the Constitution of the United States. We are not pro-tecting anything with what you are doing here. We are not protecting any-thing. We are dragging it out. 
We are sending a message that, for 
some historic reason, we are now tak-ing it out on Barack Obama because we are angry about what the gentleman on the Republican side said that Reagan, Bush, Clinton, and Bush have done. Bring it up under another cir-cumstance. Keep it off the protection of our country. 
Your chairman, Mr. R
OGERS , working 
with our ranking member, Congress-woman L
OWEY , was able to put to-
gether 12 bills which were a com-promise—bills that everyone was pre-pared to support—until you decided you were going to use immigration to hold hostage the national homeland se-curity of our country. 
And so kick the can to here. Now you 
have kicked the can to here, and now you are going to kick the can to March 19. What do you think is going to hap-pen on March 19? We have already had two recesses today in this very day of congressional deliberation. What do you think you are going to accomplish later if you are not willing to grow up, bite the bullet? You made your point. 
Your colleagues, the Republican Sen-
ators, do not agree to drag this out. They have given you a face-saving path. The judge in Texas gave you a face-saving path. ‘‘I am Charlie’’—‘‘Je suis Charlie’’—gave you a face-saving path. 
The urgency is very, very clear—well, 
clear to everyone except if you happen to exist in this Chamber—when your negative attitudes toward President Obama have so overwhelmed you that you are willing to jeopardize the home-land security of our country. So wheth-er it is firefighters, the SAFER Act, FEMA, or anything where the Federal Government comes in contact with people, you are standing in the way and using immigration as the excuse. For some of you, it may be a reason. Maybe it is for some of you, but for some of you it is an excuse. And for all of you it is a shame. It is a shame. 
One gentleman said: If we accept the 
Senate language, we are not living up to our responsibility to have a bill in the House. And then you expect them to accept your language. Doesn’t it hold true both ways? If you don’t want to accept their language, why do you expect them to accept your 3-week lan-guage? 
Do you not understand the legisla-
tive process? This Constitution, which we value, has the legislative branch. The first article of government is the legislature, preeminent. The President can’t sign what we don’t send him, in terms of making the law. He can take executive action, but the law is strong-er. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:21 Feb 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00117 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27FE7.057 H27FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1492 February 27, 2015 
Let us honor our responsibilities and 
stop standing in the way of protecting the American people. It is about the se-curity of the American people versus the philosophy that you have going over there, which is perfectly to be re-spected in another piece of legislation. Let’s have that debate separate from protecting. 
It is about time for us to come to-
gether to get the job done. The Senate did it. We can. Please support Con-gresswoman R
OYBAL -ALLARD ’s and 
Congresswoman L OWEY ’s motion to in-
struct the conferees to accept the Sen-ate bill. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair reminds Members to please di-rect their remarks to the Chair and not to other Members. 
Mr. CARTER of Texas. Madam 
Speaker, how much time is remaining? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Texas has 7
1⁄2minutes re-
maining. 
Mr. CARTER of Texas. Does the gen-
tlewoman have other speakers? 
Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD. No. I am pre-
pared to close. 
Mr. CARTER of Texas. Madam 
Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Madam Speaker, I have had a lot of 
schoolteachers shake their fingers at me and tell me things. And most of the times, I have deserved it. I have been looked right at and told I was wrong before. Many of those times, I deserved it. 
But I want to make something really 
clear. This is not a debate on immigra-tion. This is not a debate on whether or not we are going to fund the Depart-ment. We are funding the Department for the next 3 weeks, using the same manner that we funded this Depart-ment for years at a time when our col-leagues on the other side of the aisle were in charge of this House. 
The CR was one of the most popular 
vehicles that they used in funding our country during the period of time they ran this place. So we are not using any-thing that we don’t all use. It funds the Department. It keeps the Border Patrol okay and keeps them paid. 
But it also allows us to do something 
that—by the way, the gentleman is ab-solutely right. In what we would call recent history, going to conference was so rare—my mother used to say ‘‘rare as hen’s teeth’’—when they ran this place. 
So we are at least doing something 
that was designed to be done, and we are going to conference. When you go to conference and you have two sides of the story, you are supposed to go in there and discuss the two sides of the story. What they are asking to instruct here is to just take what the Senate sent us. 
Well, to some extent, I guess we 
should reward the Senate. This is about the first thing they have sent us in recent history where we have actu-ally had a bipartisan vote. In fact, last year we just didn’t have any votes at all. In fact, you wondered if they even 
knew how. 
And so here we are. We are going to 
conference and doing it the way it is supposed to be done. All parties will be able to participate, and maybe we will resolve our differences and maybe we won’t, but the American people also ask us to try to work in a bipartisan manner. And here is our opportunity. 
The Homeland Security Department 
will be funded. They will have a pay-check. We will address this issue in conference, and hopefully we will come to a resolution the way we are designed to with bipartisan participation. 
This is not about immigration. And 
after having spent 4 years with some of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle and some of the colleagues over here working on immigration, I am not anti-immigration policy. This is anti- stepping on the feet of the Framers of the Constitution and walking all over that piece of paper. 
And that is why we are here to fight 
today. We are fighting for the rights of this legislative body as we address the Executive. And we are fighting to fund the Department. 
With that, I yield back the balance of 
my time. 
Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD. Madam 
Speaker, let me just say that regard-less of what the other side of the aisle will have us believe, the Secretary of Homeland Security and the men and women who put their lives on the front line every day for us and to protect this country tell us that a continuing resolution jeopardizes their ability to fully and effectively protect this coun-try. 
And so I urge my colleagues to do the 
responsible thing and to vote for this motion to instruct conferees to bring back a clean, full-year, bipartisan funding bill that will enable the De-partment of Homeland Security to fully and effectively protect our Nation and the American people. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time 
for debate has expired. 
Without objection, the previous ques-
tion is ordered on the motion to in-struct. 
There was no objection. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion to instruct. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD. Madam 
Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this question will be post-poned. 
f 
FURTHER CONTINUING APPRO-
PRIATIONS RESOLUTION, 2015 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 1(c) of rule XIX, further consideration of the joint resolution (H.J. Res. 35) making further con-
tinuing appropriations for fiscal year 2015, and for other purposes, will now resume. 
The Clerk read the title of the joint 
resolution. 
MOTION TO RECOMMIT  
Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD. Madam 
Speaker, I have a motion to recommit at the desk. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is the 
gentlewoman opposed to the joint reso-lution? 
Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD. Yes. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Clerk will report the motion to recom-mit. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Ms. Roybal-Allard moves to recommit the 
joint resolution H.J. Res. 35 to the Com-mittee on Appropriations with instructions to report the same back to the House forth-with with the following amendment: 
Page 1, line 3, strike ‘‘That the Continuing 
Appropriations Resolution, 2015’’ and insert the following: 
S
ECTION 1. The Continuing Appropriations 
Resolution, 2015 
Page 1, lines 5 and 6, strike ‘‘March 19, 
2015’’ and insert ‘‘September 30, 2015’’. 
Add at the end the following new section: S
EC. 2. The Continuing Appropriations Res-
olution, 2015 is further amended by inserting at the end (before the short title) the fol-lowing: 
‘‘S
EC. 152. Notwithstanding any other pro-
vision of this joint resolution, funds and other authorities made available for ac-counts of the Department of Homeland Secu-rity shall be available to the extent provided in, under the authority and conditions pro-vided in, and at a rate for operations not to exceed the rate permitted by, H.R. 861, as in-troduced in the House of Representatives on February 11, 2015.’’. 
Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD (during the 
reading). Madam Speaker, I ask unani-mous consent to dispense with the reading. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gentle-woman from California? 
There was no objection. Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Madam 
Speaker, I reserve a point of order on the gentlewoman’s motion. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. A point 
of order is reserved. 
Pursuant to the rule, the gentle-
woman from California is recognized for 5 minutes in support of her motion. 
b1615 
Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD. Madam 
Speaker, this motion to recommit will not kill the resolution or send it back to committee. If adopted, the con-tinuing resolution will immediately proceed to final passage, as amended. 
Adoption of this motion to recommit 
will change the date of the continuing resolution to September 30, 2015, and will incorporate by reference all the funding levels and provisions of H.R. 861, the clean, bipartisan, full-year funding bill for the Department of Homeland Security. 
Once again, I ask my colleagues: 
What is gained by further putting off a resolution to this crisis of Republicans’ own making? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Feb 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00118 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27FE7.059 H27FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1493 February 27, 2015 
Circumstances will be no different 3 
weeks from now. We will almost cer-tainly not have any final resolution from the judicial branch of the Presi-dent’s executive action. Nothing can be gained by further delay, but much can be lost. 
These are the warnings of the Sec-
retary of Homeland Security who has pointed out, over and over again, that the Department of Homeland Security is not doing just fine under the current continuing resolution and that there are significant consequences if we force the Department to keep living with the uncertainty of a continuing resolution. 
As Secretary Johnson has said, the 
American people are counting on us, and the men and women of the Depart-ment of Homeland Security, so many of whom risk their health and safety every single day to keep us safe, are counting on us, too. 
What message are we sending them 
when we continue to leave them in un-certainty over whether they will get paid 3 weeks from now? What message do we send them when we take their service for granted by using this fund-ing bill as a pawn in a political game? 
I urge my colleagues to vote for this 
motion to recommit so we can put an end to this nonsense and allow the men and women of the Department of Homeland Security to go about the business of protecting this country knowing that we are fully behind them. 
Madam Speaker, I yield the remain-
der of my time to the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. L
OWEY ), the dis-
tinguished ranking member of the Ap-propriations Committee. 
Mrs. LOWEY. Madam Speaker, I 
want to thank the ranking member of the Homeland Security Subcommittee for yielding me the time. 
I strongly support the Roybal-Allard 
motion, which gives the House an op-portunity to vote for a full-year Home-land Security funding bill without any controversial immigration policy rid-ers. 
Almost 4:30 Friday afternoon, we 
have heard lectures all day about the Constitution. We have heard lectures all day about the process. I just want to remind my colleagues on the other side of the aisle—and especially those who may be new to the appropriations process—we can have a debate about the Constitution any time you want. We even can come up with amendments to the Constitution. 
Right now, we are talking about 
Homeland Security keeping our coun-try safe; and, again, because we have had so many debates about authority and who is doing what and who is obey-ing the Constitution, for me, it is a pleasure to work with my colleagues on the other side of the aisle on appro-priations. 
We passed the CR/Omnibus because, 
back in December, we couldn’t agree to include the Homeland Security bill as part of an omnibus. Just to remind us again about process, Democrats on the Appropriations Committee and Repub-licans on the Appropriations Com-
mittee debated those bills. 
We came together in a bipartisan 
way here in the House, and then we worked with the Senate to make sure we worked together in a bipartisan way. We had a good Homeland Security Appropriations bill. It may not have been perfect, but it was a bipartisan bill back in December. Here it is, al-most March. 
I just want to conclude by making it 
very clear, we cannot hold hostage to this bill and delay the Homeland Secu-rity bill anymore. I urge my colleagues to vote for full-year funding. 
POINT OF ORDER  
Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Madam 
Speaker, I make a point of order. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman will state his point of order. 
Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Madam 
Speaker, I make a point of order against the motion because it is in vio-lation of section 302(f) of the Congres-sional Budget Act of 1974. 
The adoption of this motion would 
cause a breach of the 302(a) allocation of budget authority provided by the Committee on the Budget and, there-fore, is not permitted under section 302(f) of the Act. 
I ask for a ruling from the Chair. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Does 
any Member wish to be heard on this point of order? 
Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD. Madam 
Speaker, I wish to be heard on the point of order. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tlewoman from California is recog-nized. 
Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD. Madam 
Speaker, the gentleman asserts that the motion exceeds the subcommittee’s allocation. However, the Congressional Budget Office cost estimate noted ‘‘our estimate is the same as H.R. 240 as in-troduced.’’ 
H.R. 240 was the bill introduced by 
the chairman of the subcommittee, Judge C
ARTER , and sent to the Senate. 
If I understand the gentleman cor-
rectly, he is now asserting that the bill that he moved through this Chamber violated the rules of the House. I urge him to withdraw his point of order and allow for the House to vote on a clean, full-year bill for the Department of Homeland Security. 
Absent that, I urge the presiding offi-
cer to overrule the gentleman’s point of order. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair is prepared to rule. 
The gentleman from Kentucky 
makes a point of order that the amend-ment proposed by the instructions in the motion to recommit offered by the gentlewoman from California violates section 302(f) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974. 
Section 302(f) of the Budget Act pre-
cludes consideration of an amendment providing new budget authority if the adoption of the amendment and enact-ment of the bill or joint resolution, as amended, would cause the pertinent al-location of new budget authority under 
section 302(a) of the Act to be exceeded. 
The Chair is authoritatively guided 
by an estimate of the chair of the Com-mittee on the Budget under clause 4 of rule XXIX. That estimate shows that the amendment proposed in the motion to recommit provides new budget au-thority for fiscal year 2015 in excess of the applicable section 302(a) allocation. 
The Chair therefore holds that the 
amendment violates section 302(f) of the Budget Act. Accordingly, the point of order is sustained and the motion to recommit is not in order. 
The question is on the passage of the 
joint resolution. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mrs. LOWEY. Madam Speaker, on 
that I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, this 15- minute vote on passage of House Joint Resolution 35 will be followed by a 5- minute vote on adoption of the motion to instruct on H.R. 240. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 203, nays 224, not voting 6, as follows: 
[Roll No. 104] 
YEAS—203 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amodei Ashford Barr Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blum Boehner Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Delaney Denham Dent Diaz-Balart Dold Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores 
Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Goodlatte Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hill Holding Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hurd (TX) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Jolly Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight LaMalfa Lance Latta LoBiondo Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino McCarthy 
McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Peters Pittenger Pitts Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rigell Roby Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Ruiz Russell Ryan (WI) Scalise Schock Schweikert Scott, Austin 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:21 Feb 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00119 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27FE7.063 H27FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1494 February 27, 2015 
Scott, David 
Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) 
Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Westerman 
Westmoreland Whitfield Wilson (SC) Womack Woodall Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—224 
Adams 
Aguilar Amash Babin Barletta Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blackburn Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brown (FL) Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) 
Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette DeLauro DelBene DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Duffy Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fincher Fleming Forbes Foster Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Fudge 
Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gohmert Gosar Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Hice, Jody B. Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Hunter Hurt (VA) Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) Kirkpatrick Kuster Labrador Lamborn Langevin Larsen (WA) 
Larson (CT) Lawrence Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Loudermilk Lowenthal Lowey Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Massie Matsui McCollum McGovern McNerney Meadows Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Mulvaney Nadler Napolitano Neal 
Neugebauer Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Olson Pallone Pascrell Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peterson Pingree Pocan Poe (TX) Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roe (TN) Rooney (FL) Roybal-Allard Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (TX) 
Smith (WA) Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walker Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wenstrup Williams Wilson (FL) Wittman Yarmuth Yoder 
NOT VOTING—6 
Hinojosa 
Lee Long 
McDermott Speier 
Turner b1713 
Mr. SCHRADER, Mrs. LAWRENCE, 
and Messrs. CARSON of Indiana, SAM JOHNSON of Texas, and FINCHER changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ 
So the joint resolution was not 
passed. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
Stated against: Mr. M
CDERMOTT. Madam Speaker, on roll-
call vote 104, on passage related to H.J. Res. 35, had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay.’’ 
f 
LEGISLATIVE PROGRAM 
(Mr. M CCARTHY asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. M
CCARTHY. Madam Speaker, 
Members are advised that additional votes are now possible later this evening and maybe this weekend. 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SE-
CURITY APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2015 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-
finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to instruct on the bill (H.R. 240) making appropriations for the Depart-ment of Homeland Security for the fis-cal year ending September 30, 2015, and for other purposes, offered by the gen-tlewoman from California (Ms. R
OY-
BAL-ALLARD ), on which the yeas and 
nays were ordered. 
The Clerk will redesignate the mo-
tion. 
The Clerk redesignated the motion. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion to instruct. 
This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 201, nays 218, not voting 13, as follows: 
[Roll No. 105] 
YEAS—201 
Adams 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay 
Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio 
DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes 
Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel 
Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kuster Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McGovern 
McNerney McSally Meehan Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Stefanik Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Welch Whitfield Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NAYS—218 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores 
Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce Kelly (PA) King (IA) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Latta Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis Marchant 
Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
Meadows Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:21 Feb 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00120 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27FE7.028 H27FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1495 February 27, 2015 
Royce 
Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schock Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) 
Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) 
Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—13 
Brooks (IN) Butterfield Clawson (FL) Grijalva Hinojosa Lamborn 
Lee Long Lynch McDermott Speier 
Turner Watson Coleman 
b1723 
So the motion to instruct was re-
jected. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. C OL-
LINS of New York). The Chair will ap-
point conferees on H.R. 240 at a later time. 
f 
APPOINTMENT OF MEMBERS TO 
BE AVAILABLE TO SERVE ON IN-VESTIGATIVE SUBCOMMITTEES OF THE COMMITTEE ON ETHICS FOR THE 114TH CONGRESS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair announces the Speaker’s ap-pointment, pursuant to clause 5(a)(4)(A) of rule X, and the order of the House of January 6, 2015, of the fol-lowing Members of the House to be available to serve on investigative sub-committees of the Committee on Eth-ics for the 114th Congress: 
Mrs. B
LACKBURN , Tennessee 
Mr. C OLLINS , Georgia 
Mrs. C OMSTOCK , Virginia 
Mr. F ORBES , Virginia 
Mr. H ULTGREN , Illinois 
Mr. K ATKO , New York 
Mr. L ATTA , Ohio 
Mr. O LSON , Texas 
Mr. R ATCLIFFE , Texas 
Mrs. R OBY, Alabama 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE 
DEMOCRATIC LEADER 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from the Honorable N
ANCY  
PELOSI , Democratic Leader: 
FEBRUARY 25, 2015. 
Hon. J OHNBOEHNER , 
Speaker of the House, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to clause 
5(a)(4)(A) of Rule X of the Rules of the House of Representatives, I designate the following Members to be available to serve on an In-vestigative Subcommittee of the Committee on Ethics during the 114th Congress: 
The Honorable John C. Carney of Delaware The Honorable Gerald E. Connolly of Vir-
ginia 
The Honorable Janice Hahn of California The Honorable Brian Higgins of New York 
The Honorable Hakeem S. Jeffries of New 
York 
The Honorable William R. Keating of Mas-
sachusetts 
The Honorable Ed Perlmutter of Colorado The Honorable Terri A. Sewell of Alabama The Honorable Jackie Speier of California The Honorable Dina Titus of Nevada 
Best regards, 
N
ANCY PELOSI , 
Democratic Leader. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE 
DEMOCRATIC LEADER 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from the Honorable N
ANCY  
PELOSI , Democratic Leader: 
FEBRUARY 26, 2015. 
Hon. J OHNBOEHNER , 
Speaker of the House, U.S. Capitol, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR SPEAKER BOEHNER : Pursuant to 44 
U.S.C. 2702, I am pleased to reappoint Mr. John A. Lawrence of Washington, DC. to the Advisory Committee on the Records of Con-gress. 
Thank you for your attention to this ap-
pointment. 
Sincerely, 
N
ANCY PELOSI , 
Democratic Leader. 
f 
RECESS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess subject to the call of the Chair. 
Accordingly (at 5 o’clock and 27 min-
utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b2130 
AFTER RECESS 
The recess having expired, the House 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. W
ALDEN ) at 9 o’clock and 
30 minutes p.m. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE 
CLERK OF THE HOUSE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
Washington, DC, February 27, 2015. 
Hon. J OHNA. B OEHNER , 
Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-
mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on February 27, 2015 at 8:47 p.m.: 
That the Senate passed with an amend-
ment H.R. 33. 
Appointments: Senate National Security 
Working Group for the One Hundred Four-teenth Congress. 
With best wishes, I am 
Sincerely, 
K
AREN L. H AAS. PROTECTING VOLUNTEER FIRE-
FIGHTERS AND EMERGENCY RE-SPONDERS ACT 
Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. 
Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and concur in the Senate amendment to the bill (H.R. 33) to amend the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 to ensure that emergency services volunteers are not taken into account as employees under the shared responsibility requirements contained in the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the Senate amendment is 
as follows: 
Senate amendment: 
Strike all after the enacting clause 
and insert the following: 
SECTION 1. FURTHER CONTINUING APPROPRIA-
TIONS. 
The Continuing Appropriations Resolution, 
2015 (Public Law 113–164; 128 Stat. 1867) is amended by striking the date specified in section 106(3) and inserting ‘‘March 6, 2015’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. R
OGERS ) and the gentle-
woman from California (Ms. R OYBAL - 
ALLARD ) each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Kentucky. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. 
Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on H.R. 33. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Kentucky? 
There was no objection. Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. 
Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, the Senate has acted 
this evening to take up a House bill and amend it to provide a 1-week con-tinuing resolution for the Department of Homeland Security. I rise today to urge the House to suspend the rules and concur in the Senate amendment to prevent a shutdown of the Depart-ment of Homeland Security. 
In a matter of hours, the current 
mechanism funding DHS will expire. To allow a shutdown of these critical functions would be an abdication of one of our primary duties as Members of the House. It is no way to govern the Nation, and the American people de-serve better. 
It is the 11th hour, and we must act 
to provide stable, continuous funding for the agencies and programs tasked with defending our home turf. 
This continuing resolution will last 
until March 6, allowing us the needed additional time to continue negoti-ating a path forward on how to fund DHS for the rest of the year. Without any further delay, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on this critical legisla-tion. 
Mr. GRIFFITH. Mr. Speaker, will the 
gentleman yield? 
Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. I yield to 
the gentleman from Virginia. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:15 Feb 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00121 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27FE7.029 H27FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1496 February 27, 2015 
Mr. GRIFFITH. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
the gentleman, what then happens to the underlying language where we were protecting the firefighters and others in regard to the bill as it originally stood and as it related to them being covered under PPACA? 
Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. My under-
standing is that we will take that up later. 
Mr. GRIFFITH. I’m sorry, I couldn’t 
hear the gentleman. 
Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. My under-
standing is that we will take that up later. 
Mr. GRIFFITH. If the gentleman will 
continue to yield for an additional question, Mr. Speaker, I would ask the gentleman, it is his understanding that we would take that up later, but that means that the bill that we previously passed—the language that we pre-viously passed, at least—no longer ex-ists based on the Senate amendment; am I correct in that assumption? 
Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. That is 
correct. 
Mr. GRIFFITH. I thank the gen-
tleman. 
Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. I reserve 
the balance of my time. 
Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Mr. Speaker, this has been a day of 
confusion both here in this House and for the men and women of the Depart-ment of Homeland Security. Just hours ago, the House rejected a plan to fund a 3-week stopgap funding measure for the Department so that we might in-stead take up the clean, full year fund-ing bill. 
Now we have before us a 1-week CR 
that was just sent over to us by the Senate. To avoid further confusion and ensure there is no funding lapse for the Department, I urge my colleagues to put us on a path to enactment of the Senate-passed long-term funding of DHS by voting in favor of the 7-day patch. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. 
Speaker, I say vote ‘‘yes.’’ 
I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to 
speak to the men and women of the Depart-ment of Homeland Security to let them know that many of us are listening and working very hard to make sure that the agency is fully funded for the rest of 2015. 
Tonight we will extend funding through for 
an additional seven days for the Department of Homeland Security. 
The fight was worth it. Next week we are assured that we will have 
a vote on a clean DHS bill that fully funds DHS through the end of the fiscal year. 
Democrats stood united and this was a bat-
tle for the American people and the brave men and women of the DHS who are dedicated to protecting the security of the homeland. 
Now is the time to put politics aside and put 
the interest of the country first. 
This is a step in the right direction—pro-
vided that we fully fund DHS for the remainder of this fiscal year when we reconvene for busi-
ness next week. 
We cannot afford to continue the political 
games played by the Republicans when there are so many serious challenges facing our country from ISIS and other violent terrorist groups. 
Just this week FBI Director James Comey, 
while speaking at the Winter meeting of the National Association of Attorneys General, re-ported that his agency is investigating ISIS suspects in all 50 states. 
Next week Congress must take action, and 
send the right message to the men and women charged with protecting the homeland. 
Mr. Speaker, we must focus our efforts next 
week on the needs of the 170,000 DHS em-ployees who will be required to work without pay if we do not find a path forward. 
These employees include members of the 
Coast Guard, Border Patrol, Secret Service, Transportation Security Administration and others on the front lines of Homeland Security. 
An additional 30,000 employees of the De-
partment of Homeland Security will be fur-loughed and sent home without pay. 
A DHS shutdown would hit Texas especially 
hard. 
The local and state negative impact of 
House inaction is the forgoing of fiscal year 2015 grants that go to first responders. 
In 2014, DHS grants awarded to the city of 
Houston included $24,000,000 from Urban Area Security Initiative grants and $299,995 from the non-profit program. 
In 2014, port security grants included: 
$1,810,826 for Harris County; $845,250 for the City of Houston. 
Programs intended to aid our fire fighters 
such as the one at the University of Texas Health Science Center in Houston, which re-ceived a $1,493,340 DHS research grant last year are being hurt by House inaction on fiscal year 2015 funding for the agency. 
When Congress returns next week we must 
complete our work and fully fund DHS for the rest of the fiscal year. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. R
OGERS ) that the House suspend the 
rules and concur in the Senate amend-ment to the bill, H.R. 33. 
The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the 
opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. GRIFFITH. Mr. Speaker, I de-
mand a recorded vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 357, noes 60, not voting 15, as follows: 
[Roll No. 106] 
AYES—357 
Abraham 
Adams Aguilar Allen Ashford Barr Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) 
Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brooks (IN) 
Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney 
Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSaulnier Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Duncan (SC) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Goodlatte Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling 
Herrera Beutler Higgins Hill Himes Holding Honda Hoyer Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hunter Hurd (TX) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster LaMalfa Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McNerney McSally Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan 
Norcross Nunes O’Rourke Palazzo Pallone Paulsen Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poliquin Polis Pompeo Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Richmond Rigell Roby Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schock Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Veasey Vela 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:47 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00122 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\FEB 15\H27FE5.REC H27FE5bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1497 February 27, 2015 
Vela´zquez 
Wagner Walberg Walden Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman 
Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Womack 
Woodall Yarmuth Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOES—60 
Amash 
Amodei Babin Barletta Barton Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Burgess Clawson (FL) DeSantis DesJarlais Duffy Duncan (TN) Farenthold Fincher Fleming Flores Forbes Franks (AZ) Gohmert 
Gosar Gowdy Griffith Grijalva Hice, Jody B. Hudson Huelskamp Hultgren Hurt (VA) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan King (IA) Labrador Lamborn Massie Meadows Mulvaney Napolitano Neugebauer 
Nugent Olson Palmer Pascrell Pearce Perry Poe (TX) Posey Ratcliffe Rice (SC) Salmon Sensenbrenner Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Visclosky Walker Wenstrup Wittman Yoder 
NOT VOTING—15 
Aderholt Bass Coffman Fortenberry Green, Gene Hartzler 
Hinojosa Jeffries Lee Long McDermott 
Roe (TN) Schrader Speier Vargas 
b2159 
Mr. CUELLAR changed his vote from 
‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ 
So (two-thirds being in the affirma-
tive) the rules were suspended and the Senate amendment was concurred in. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
Stated for: Mr. M
CDERMOTT. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall 
vote 106, on motion to suspend the rules and concur in the Senate amendment related to H.R. 33 had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ 
f 
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY, 
MARCH 2, 2015 
Mr. L AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet on Monday, March 2, 2015, when it shall convene at noon for morning-hour debate and 2 p.m. for legislative busi-ness. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? 
There was no objection. 
f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE 
By unanimous consent, leave of ab-
sence was granted to: 
Mr. S ABLAN (at the request of Ms. 
PELOSI ) for March 2 to April 30 on ac-
count of medical reasons. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT 
Mr. L AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I move 
that the House do now adjourn. 
The motion was agreed to; accord-
ingly (at 10 o’clock and 4 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the 
House adjourned until Monday, March 2, 2015, at noon for morning-hour de-bate. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, 
ETC. 
Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
592. A letter from the Chairman, Broad-
casting Board of Governors, transmitting a notice of a likely violation of the ‘‘personal services’’ clause of the voluntary services provision of the Antideficiency Act, 31 U.S.C. 1342; to the Committee on Appropriations. 
593. A letter from the Director, Defense 
Procurement and Acquisition Policy, OUSD(AT&L) DPAP/DARS, Department of Defense, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Defense Federal Acquisition Regula-tion Supplement: Deletion of Obsolete Text Relating to Acquisition of Commercial Items (DFARS Case 2015-D002) (RIN: 0750-AI50) re-ceived February 23, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Armed Services. 
594. A letter from the Director, Defense 
Procurement and Acquisition Policy, OUSD(AT&L) DPAP/DARS, Department of Defense, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Defense Federal Acquisition Regula-tion Supplement: Domestic Source Restric-tions on Certain Naval Vessel Components (DFARS Case 2014-D022) (RIN: 0750-AI36) re-ceived February 23, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Armed Services. 
595. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, 
Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting the Department’s Alternative Fuel Vehicle (AFV) program report for FY 2014, as required by the Energy Policy Act (EPAct) of 2005 (Pub. L. 109-58); to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
596. A letter from the Director, Defense Se-
curity Cooperation Agency, transmitting a notice of a proposed lease to the Government of the Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan (Trans-mittal No.: 05-15), pursuant to Sec. 62(a) of the Arms Export Control Act (AECA); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
597. A letter from the Director, Defense Se-
curity Cooperation Agency, transmitting Transmittal No.: 15-09, Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter(s) of Offer and Acceptance to Slovakia, pursuant to Sec. 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
598. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-
ment of Education, transmitting the FY 2014 Annual Performance Report and FY 2016 An-nual Performance Plan; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
599. A letter from the Associate General 
Counsel for General Law, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting a report pursuant to the Federal Vacancies Reform Act of 1998; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
600. A letter from the Secretary/Treasurer, 
Financing Corporation, transmitting a copy of the Financing Corporation’s Statement on the System of Internal Controls and the 2014 Audited Financial Statements; to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. 
601. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, 
U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Revision of Auxiliary Regula-tions [Docket No.: USCG-1999-6712] (RIN: 1625-AB66) received February 23, 2015, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 602. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, 
U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Vessel Requirements for Notices of Arrival and Departure, and Automatic Identification System [Docket No.: USCG- 2005-21869] (RIN: 1625-AA99) received Feb-ruary 23, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
603. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Lycoming Engines Reciprocating En-gines (Type Certificate previously held by Textron Lycoming Division, AVCO Corpora-tion) [Docket No.: FAA-2014-0540; Directorate Identifier 2014-NE-10-AD; Amendment 39- 18074; AD 2015-02-07] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received February 20, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
604. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Bombardier, Inc. Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2014-0446; Directorate Identifier 2013-NM-077-AD; Amendment 39-18069; AD 2015-02-02] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received Feb-ruary 20, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
605. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA- 2014-0138; Directorate Identifier 2013-NM-020- AD; Amendment 39-18086; AD 2015-02-19] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received February 20, 2015, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
606. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Empresa Brasileira de Aeronautica S.A. (Embraer) Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA- 2014-0622; Directorate Identifier 2014-NM-009- AD; Amendment 39-18080; AD 2015-02-13] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received February 20, 2015, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
607. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Dassault Aviation Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2014-0527; Directorate Identifier 2014-NM-045-AD; Amendment 39-18071; AD 2015-02-04] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received Feb-ruary 20, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
608. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA- 2014-0525; Directorate Identifier 2013-NM-235- AD; Amendment 39-18078; AD 2015-02-11] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received February 20, 2015, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
609. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Bombardier, Inc. Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2014-0231; Directorate Identifier 2013-NM-163-AD; Amendment 39-18073; AD 2015-02-06] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received Feb-
ruary 20, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
610. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:21 Feb 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00123 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27FE7.036 H27FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1498 February 27, 2015 
Transportation, transmitting the Depart-
ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Bombardier, Inc. Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2014-0188; Directorate Identifier 2013-NM-157-AD; Amendment 39-18079; AD 2015-02-12] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received Feb-ruary 20, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
611. A letter from the Acting Director, 
Regulation Policy and Management, Office of the General Counsel (02REG), Veterans Benefits Administration, Department of Vet-erans Affairs, transmitting the Department’s interim final rule — Automobile or Other Conveyance and Adaptive Equipment Certifi-cate of Eligibility for Veterans or Members of the Armed Forces With Amyotrophic Lat-eral Sclerosis (RIN: 2900-AP26) received Feb-ruary 23, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
612. A letter from the Acting Director, 
Regulation Policy and Management, Office of the General Counsel (02REG), Veterans Health Administration, Department of Vet-erans Affairs, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Supportive Services for Veteran Families Program (RIN: 2900-AO50) received February 23, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
613. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, 
Insular Areas, Department of the Interior, transmitting the Department’s ‘‘Report to the Congress: 2014 Compact Impact Anal-ysis’’, along with the related ‘‘Impact of the Compacts of Free Association on Guam FY2004 through FY2013’’; jointly to the Com-mittees on Natural Resources and Foreign Affairs. 
f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XII, public 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. SMITH of Texas (for himself, 
Mr. G OODLATTE , Mr. C ALVERT , Mr. 
GOWDY , Mr. F ORBES , Mr. 
FARENTHOLD , Mr. C ARTER of Texas, 
Mr. K INGof Iowa, Mr. M ARINO , Mr. 
CHABOT , Mr. B URGESS , Mr. C OOK, and 
Mr. S MITH of New Jersey): 
H.R. 1147. A bill to amend the Immigration 
and Nationality Act to make mandatory and permanent requirements relating to use of an electronic employment eligibility verification system, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committees on Ways and Means, and Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. GOWDY (for himself, Mr. G
OOD-
LATTE , Mr. S MITH of Texas, Mr. C OL-
LINS of Georgia, Mr. P OEof Texas, 
Mr. F ORBES , Mr. C ARTER of Texas, 
and Mr. C HABOT ): 
H.R. 1148. A bill to amend the Immigration 
and Nationality Act to improve immigration law enforcement within the interior of the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Homeland Security, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. CARTER of Texas (for himself, 
Mr. G
OODLATTE , Mr. S MITH of Texas, 
Mr. G OWDY , Mr. F ARENTHOLD , Mr. 
COLLINS of Georgia, Mr. M ARINO , Mr. ADERHOLT , Mr. B URGESS , Mr. C ULBER -
SON, Mr. M ARCHANT , Mr. W ILLIAMS , 
and Mr. F LEISCHMANN ): 
H.R. 1149. A bill to amend the William Wil-
berforce Trafficking Victims Protection Re-authorization Act of 2008 to provide for the expedited removal of unaccompanied alien children who are not victims of a severe form of trafficking in persons and who do not have a fear of returning to their country of na-tionality or last habitual residence, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary, and in addition to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as 
fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. SMITH of New Jersey (for him-
self and Ms. E
SHOO ): 
H.R. 1150. A bill to amend the Inter-
national Religious Freedom Act of 1998 to improve the ability of the United States to advance religious freedom globally through enhanced diplomacy, training, counterter-rorism, and foreign assistance efforts, and through stronger and more flexible political responses to religious freedom violations and violent extremism worldwide, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs, and in addition to the Committees on Financial Services, and Oversight and Gov-ernment Reform, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mrs. BLACKBURN (for herself and 
Mr. R
USH): 
H.R. 1151. A bill to amend title IX of the 
Public Health Service Act to revise the oper-ations of the United States Preventive Serv-ices Task Force, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. 
By Mr. MARCHANT (for himself and 
Mr. R
OSKAM ): 
H.R. 1152. A bill to prohibit officers and 
employees of the Internal Revenue Service from using personal email accounts to con-duct official business; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. CHAFFETZ (for himself, Mr. 
G
OODLATTE , Mr. S MITH of Texas, Mr. 
GOWDY , Mr. F ARENTHOLD , Mr. C ARTER  
of Texas, Mr. C OLLINS of Georgia, Mr. 
CHABOT , Mrs. B LACK , Mr. W EBSTER of 
Florida, Mr. B ARLETTA , and Mr. 
FORBES ): 
H.R. 1153. A bill to modify the treatment of 
unaccompanied alien children who are in Federal custody by reason of their immigra-tion status, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. STUTZMAN (for himself, Mr. 
M
ULVANEY , Mr. M CCLINTOCK , Mr. 
JONES , and Mr. W ESTMORELAND ): 
H.R. 1154. A bill to amend the Federal Re-
serve Act to remove the mandate on the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System and the Federal Open Market Com-mittee to focus on maximum employment; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
By Mr. SMITH of Missouri (for himself, 
Mr. C
OLLINS of Georgia, Mr. 
HULTGREN , Mr. P OEof Texas, Mr. 
MARINO , Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, Mr. 
GOODLATTE , and Mr. L UETKEMEYER ): H.R. 1155. A bill to provide for the estab-
lishment of a process for the review of rules and sets of rules, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform, and in addition to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. LIPINSKI (for himself, Mr. 
M
OOLENAAR , Ms. E DDIE BERNICE  
JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. S MITH of 
Texas, Mr. H ULTGREN , Mr. S WALWELL  
of California, and Ms. E STY): 
H.R. 1156. A bill to authorize the establish-
ment of a body under the National Science and Technology Council to identify and co-ordinate international science and tech-nology cooperation opportunities; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Tech-nology. 
By Mr. L
AMALFA (for himself, Mr. 
CA´RDENAS , Mr. N UNES , Mr. C OLE, Ms. 
MCCOLLUM , Mr. D ENHAM , Mr. C OOK, 
Mr. V ALADAO , and Mr. M CCLINTOCK ): 
H.R. 1157. A bill to authorize the Secretary 
of the Interior to take land into trust for the benefit of the Santa Ynez Band of Chumash Mission Indians, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
By Mr. HULTGREN (for himself, Mr. 
P
ERLMUTTER , Mr. W EBER of Texas, 
Mr. S WALWELL of California, Mr. 
SMITH of Texas, Ms. E DDIE BERNICE  
JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. N EWHOUSE , 
Mr. L IPINSKI , Mr. R OHRABACHER , Mr. 
FATTAH , Mr. N EUGEBAUER , and Mr. 
BENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico): 
H.R. 1158. A bill to improve management of 
the National Laboratories, enhance tech-nology commercialization, facilitate public- private partnerships, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. 
By Mr. SMITH of New Jersey (for him-
self, Mr. L
IPINSKI , Mr. E NGEL , and Mr. 
ROHRABACHER ): 
H.R. 1159. A bill to reinstate reporting re-
quirements related to United States-Hong Kong relations; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
By Mr. STUTZMAN: 
H.R. 1160. A bill to reduce Federal, State, 
and local costs of providing high-quality drinking water to millions of people in the United States residing in rural communities by facilitating greater use of cost-effective alternative systems, including well water systems, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce, and in ad-dition to the Committee on Agriculture, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. 
By Ms. ADAMS (for herself, Ms. S
E-
WELL of Alabama, Mr. M URPHY of 
Florida, Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. E LLISON , 
Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. C OHEN , 
Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. T EDLIEUof 
California, Ms. B ROWN of Florida, Mr. 
BRADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. H IGGINS , 
Mr. A SHFORD , Mr. P OLIS, Ms. C LARKE  
of New York, Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Ms. 
WILSON of Florida, Ms. M OORE , Mr. 
PRICE of North Carolina, Mr. V ARGAS , 
Mr. H ONDA , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, 
Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Ms. 
DUCKWORTH , and Mr. M EEKS ): 
H.R. 1161. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
the Interior to designate at least one city in the United States each year as an ‘‘American Civil Rights City’’, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
By Mr. BEYER (for himself, Mr. J
OHN-
SONof Ohio, Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHN-
SON of Texas, and Mr. S MITH of 
Texas): 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:21 Feb 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00124 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L27FE7.000 H27FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1499 February 27, 2015 
H.R. 1162. A bill to make technical changes 
to provisions authorizing prize competitions under the Stevenson-Wydler Technology In-novation Act of 1980; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. 
By Mr. CAPUANO: 
H.R. 1163. A bill to protect investors in fu-
tures contracts; to the Committee on Agri-culture. 
By Mr. CAPUANO (for himself and Mr. 
J
ONES ): 
H.R. 1164. A bill to provide for notification 
to consumers before a video service collects visual or auditory information from the viewing area and to provide consumers with choices that do not involve the collection of such information, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. CAPUANO: 
H.R. 1165. A bill to direct the Securities 
and Exchange Commission to require that repurchase-to-maturity transactions be treated as secured borrowings; to the Com-mittee on Financial Services. 
By Mr. CAPUANO: 
H.R. 1166. A bill to direct the Securities 
and Exchange Commission to require any person subject to accounting principles or standards under the securities laws to show all transactions of such person on the bal-ance sheet of such person; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
By Mr. CAPUANO (for himself, Mr. 
H
IMES, and Mr. L YNCH ): 
H.R. 1167. A bill to establish the Securities 
and Derivatives Commission in order to com-bine the functions of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission and the Securities and Exchange Commission in a single inde-pendent regulatory commission; to the Com-mittee on Financial Services, and in addi-tion to the Committee on Agriculture, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. CRAMER: 
H.R. 1168. A bill to amend the Indian Child 
Protection and Family Violence Prevention Act to require background checks before fos-ter care placements are ordered in tribal court proceedings, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
By Mr. FORTENBERRY: 
H.R. 1169. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to increase the maximum contribution limit for health savings ac-counts; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. GRAYSON: 
H.R. 1170. A bill to amend the Department 
of Veterans Affairs Health Care Programs Enhancement Act of 2001 and title 38, United States Code, to require the provision of chiropractic care and services to veterans at all Department of Veterans Affairs medical centers and to expand access to such care and services; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
By Mr. KING of New York (for himself 
and Mr. P
ASCRELL ): 
H.R. 1171. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to provide recruitment and retention incentives for volunteer emer-gency service workers; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. LARSEN of Washington (for 
himself and Mr. S
TIVERS ): 
H.R. 1172. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to reduce the rate of tax on distilled spirits produced by small distill-eries; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. LYNCH: 
H.R. 1173. A bill to amend the Securities 
Exchange Act of 1934 to prohibit trading on material inside information; to the Com-
mittee on Financial Services. 
By Mr. MARINO (for himself, Ms. 
D
ELBENE, and Mr. A MODEI ): 
H.R. 1174. A bill to amend title 18, United 
States Code, to safeguard data stored abroad from improper government access, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary. 
By Ms. MATSUI (for herself, Ms. E
STY, 
Mr. H ONDA , Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. C ON-
YERS , Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. C ONNOLLY , 
Mr. T ONKO , Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. R USH, 
Ms. L EE, Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , and Mr. 
HUFFMAN ): 
H.R. 1175. A bill to provide for the estab-
lishment of a Clean Energy Technology Man-ufacturing and Export Assistance Fund to assist United States businesses with export-ing clean energy technology products and services; to the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. MULVANEY: 
H.R. 1176. A bill to require the Comptroller 
General of the United States to carry out a study of the National Credit Union Adminis-tration, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Financial Services. 
By Mr. POSEY (for himself and Mr. 
N
UGENT ): 
H.R. 1177. A bill to authorize the Secretary 
of Defense to transport to any country, with-out charge, supplies that have been furnished by a nonprofit organization and that are in-tended for distribution to members of the Armed Forces, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
By Mr. REED (for himself, Mrs. C
APPS , 
Mr. G UTHRIE , Ms. L INDA T. S A´NCHEZ  
of California, Mr. R OSKAM , and Mr. 
KIND): 
H.R. 1178. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to modify payment under the Medicare program for outpatient department procedures that utilize drugs as supplies, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce, and in ad-dition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. REED (for himself, Mr. R
YANof 
Wisconsin, Mr. B OUSTANY , Ms. J EN-
KINS of Kansas, Mr. T IBERI , Mr. P AUL-
SEN, Mrs. B LACK , Mr. M ARCHANT , Mr. 
SAMJOHNSON of Texas, Mr. S MITH of 
Missouri, Mr. H OLDING , Mr. Y OUNG of 
Indiana, and Mr. K LINE): 
H.R. 1179. A bill to prohibit waivers relat-
ing to compliance with the work require-ments for the program of block grants to States for temporary assistance for needy families, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. 
By Mr. ROONEY of Florida: 
H.R. 1180. A bill to prohibit the Govern-
ment of the United States from issuing or enforcing a new restriction or prohibition on the manufacture, importation, or sale in the United States of ammunition; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. 
By Ms. SCHAKOWSKY (for herself, Mr. 
P
ALLONE , Mr. B UTTERFIELD , Mrs. 
CAPPS , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Ms. 
DEGETTE , Mr. K ENNEDY , Ms. M ATSUI , 
Mr. R USH, and Mr. T ONKO ): H.R. 1181. A bill to amend title 49, United 
States Code, to provide for increased and im-proved public access to motor vehicle safety information, enhanced tools and account-ability for the National Highway Traffic 
Safety Administration, and protection of motor vehicle consumers, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce. 
By Mr. SCHWEIKERT: 
H.R. 1182. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to prevent retroactive claims of the earned income tax credit by in-dividuals receiving work authorizations pur-suant to certain deferred action programs; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia (for 
himself and Mr. B
ISHOP of Georgia): 
H.R. 1183. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to extend certain burial bene-fits administered by the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on Natural Resources, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. SESSIONS: 
H.R. 1184. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to revise Medicare cov-erage and payment for advanced surgical dressings in skilled nursing facilities and home health settings, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. 
By Mr. STIVERS (for himself, Ms. 
M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New 
Mexico, Mr. S IMPSON , Mr. Z INKE, Mr. 
POLIQUIN , Mr. D ELANEY , Mr. C HABOT , 
Mr. B ABIN, Mrs. B LACKBURN , Mr. 
FINCHER , Mr. C RAMER , Mr. T IBERI , 
Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. 
SCHOCK , Mr. H ULTGREN , Mr. H ARPER , 
Mr. H ANNA , Mr. G OSAR , Mr. A SHFORD , 
Mr. P ETERSON , Ms. S INEMA , and Ms. 
FUDGE ): 
H.R. 1185. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to provide the opportunity for responsible health savings to all Amer-ican families; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. THORNBERRY: 
H.R. 1186. A bill to amend the Controlled 
Substances Act relating to controlled sub-stance analogues; to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. ZELDIN (for himself, Mr. 
T
AKANO , and Ms. L OFGREN ): 
H.R. 1187. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to adjust certain limits on the guaranteed amount of a home loan under the home loan program of the Department of Veterans Affairs; to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. 
By Mr. YOHO (for himself, Mr. H
AS-
TINGS , Mr. S CHRADER , Mr. R OONEY of 
Florida, Mr. H UDSON , Mr. P OEof 
Texas, Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, Mr. 
THORNBERRY , and Ms. W ILSON of Flor-
ida): 
H. Con. Res. 20. Concurrent resolution ex-
pressing the sense of Congress that all direct and indirect subsidies that benefit the pro-duction or export of sugar by all major sugar producing and consuming countries should be eliminated; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:21 Feb 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00125 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L27FE7.100 H27FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1500 February 27, 2015 
on Agriculture, for a period to be subse-
quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. HASTINGS (for himself and Mr. 
D
OLD): 
H. Res. 130. A resolution to express the 
sense of the House of Representatives regard-ing the rise of anti-Semitism in Europe and to encourage greater cooperation with the European governments, the European Union, and the Organization for Security and Co-op-eration in Europe in preventing and respond-ing to anti-Semitism; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
By Mr. PAYNE (for himself, Mr. 
F
ITZPATRICK , Mr. D ENT, and Mr. 
LANCE ): 
H. Res. 131. A resolution supporting the 
designation of March 2015, as National Colorectal Cancer Awareness Month; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY 
STATEMENT 
Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of 
the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. SMITH of Texas: 
H.R. 1147. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 4 of the United 
States Constitution enumerating congres-sional authority ‘‘[t]o establish an uniform Rule of Naturalization.’’ 
By Mr. GOWDY: 
H.R. 1148. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, section 8, clause 4, of the Con-
stitution provides that Congress shall have power to ‘‘establish an uniform Rule of Natu-ralization.’’ The Supreme Court has long found that this provision of the Constitution grants Congress Plenary power over immi-gration policy. As the Court found in Galvan v. Press, 347 U.S. 522, 531 (1954) ‘‘ that the for-mulation of policies [pertaining to the entry of aliens and the right to remain here] is en-trusted to Congress has become about as firmly imbedded in the legislative and judi-cial tissues of our body politic as any aspect of our government.’’ 
By Mr. CARTER of Texas: 
H.R. 1149. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1: The Congress shall have Power To lay and 
collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States; 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 4: To establish a uniform rule of naturaliza-
tion, and uniform laws on the subject of bankruptcies throughout the United States; 
Article I Section 8, Clause 10: To define and punish piracies and felonies 
committed on the high seas, and offenses against the law of nations; 
By Mr. SMITH of New Jersey: 
H.R. 1150. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, section 8 of the Constitution By Mrs. BLACKBURN: 
H.R. 1151. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 
By Mr. MARCHANT: 
H.R. 1152. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Clauses 1 and 18 of Section 8 of Article I of 
the United States Constitution. 
By Mr. CHAFFETZ: 
H.R. 1153. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clauses 4 and 18 of the 
U.S. Constitution 
By Mr. STUTZMAN: 
H.R. 1154. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The Congress enacts this bill pursuant to 
Clause 5 of Section 8 of Aritcle I of the United States Constitution. 
By Mr. SMITH of Missouri: 
H.R. 1155. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 1 of the United States 
Constitution, in that the legislation con-cerns the exercise of legislative powers gen-erally granted to Congress by that section, including the exercise of those powers when delegated by Congress to the Executive; Ar-ticle I, Sections 8 and 9 of the United States Constitution, in that the legislation con-cerns the exercise of specific legislative pow-ers granted to Congress by those sections, in-cluding the exercise of those powers when delegated by Congress to the Executive; Ar-ticle I, Section 8, clause 18 of the United States Constitution, in that the legislation exercises legislative power granted to Con-gress by that clause ‘‘to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for car-rying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitu-tion in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof;’’ and, Article III, Sections 1 and 2 of the United States Constitution, in that the legis-lation defines or affects judicial powers and cases that are subject to legislation by Con-gress. 
By Mr. LIPINSKI: 
H.R. 1156. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: The Congress 
shall have power to regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes; and 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: The Con-
gress shall have power to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for car-rying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitu-tion in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
By Mr. LAMALFA: 
H.R. 1157. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution pro-
vides Congress with the authority to regu-late commerce with Indians in the United States. 
By Mr. HULTGREN: 
H.R. 1158. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: The Congress shall have power to regulate 
commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with Indian tribes. 
and Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: The Congress shall have power to make all 
Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-
ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department of Officer thereof. 
By Mr. SMITH of New Jersey: 
H.R. 1159. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, section 8 of the Constitution 
By Mr. STUTZMAN: 
H.R. 1160. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-
tion which states, ‘‘Congress shall have the power . . . to regulate commerce with for-eign nations, and among the several states and among the Indian Tribes.’’ 
By Ms. ADAMS: 
H.R. 1161. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The Congress enacts this bill pursuant to 
Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article I of the United States Constitution and Amendment XVI of the United States Constitution. 
By Mr. BEYER: 
H.R. 1162. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: The Congress shall have power to regulate 
commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with Indian tribes. 
and Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: The Congress shall have power to make all 
Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department of Officer thereof. 
By Mr. CAPUANO: 
H.R. 1163. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, section 8, clause 3 (relating to 
the power to regulate interstate commerce). 
By Mr. CAPUANO: 
H. R. 1164. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, section 8, clause 1 (relating to 
the general welfare of the United States); and Article I, section 8, clause 3 (relating to the power to regulate interstate commerce). 
By Mr. CAPUANO: 
H.R. 1165. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, section 8, clause 3 (relating to 
the power to regulate interstate commerce). 
By Mr. CAPUANO: 
H.R. 1166. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, section 8, clause 3 (relating to 
the power to regulate interstate commerce). 
By Mr. CAPUANO: 
H.R. 1167. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, section 8, clause 3 (relating to 
the power to regulate interstate commerce). 
By Mr. CRAMER: 
H.R. 1168. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, section 8, clause 3. 
By Mr. FORTENBERRY: 
H.R. 1169. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United 
States Constitution. 
By Mr. GRAYSON: 
H.R. 1170. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:15 Feb 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00126 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L27FE7.100 H27FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1501 February 27, 2015 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution of 
the United States. 
By Mr. KING of New York: 
H.R. 1171. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 The Congress shall have Power to lay and 
collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States. 
By Mr. LARSEN of Washington: 
H.R. 1172. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
As described in Article 1, Section 1 ‘‘all 
legislative powers herein granted shall be vested in a Congress of the United States, which shall consist of a Senate and House of Representatives.’’ 
By Mr. LYNCH: 
H.R. 1173. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1 Section 8 Clause 18 of the United 
States Constitution. 
By Mr. MARINO: 
H.R. 1174. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8: ‘‘To regulate Com-
merce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes.’’ 
By Ms. MATSUI: 
H.R. 1175. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, section 8 of the Constitution of 
the United States grants Congress the au-thority to enact this bill. 
By Mr. MULVANEY: 
H.R. 1176. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1. ‘‘The Con-
gress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States.’’ 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3. ‘‘To regulate 
Commerce . . .’’ 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 14. ‘‘To make 
Rules for the Government . . .’’ 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18. ‘‘To make 
all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Offi-cer thereof.’’ 
By Mr. POSEY: 
H.R. 1177. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 12 of the Con-
stitution of the United States: To raise and support Armies, but no Appropriation of Money to that Use shall be for a longer Term than two Years; 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Con-
stitution of the United States The Congress shall have Power to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the forgoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
By Mr. REED: 
H.R. 1178. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 By Mr. REED: 
H.R. 1179. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 
By Mr. ROONEY of Florida: 
H.R. 1180. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The 2nd Amendment of the Constitution of 
the United States of America 
By Ms. SCHAKOWSKY: 
H.R. 1181. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section VIII. 
By Mr. SCHWEIKERT: 
H.R. 1182. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1. Section 8. 
By Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia: 
H.R. 1183. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 The Congress shall have the power to pro-
vide for the common defense. 
By Mr. SESSIONS: 
H.R. 1184. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-
tion. 
By Mr. STIVERS: 
H.R. 1185. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1: The Congress 
shall have Power to lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uni-form throughout the United States. 
By Mr. THORNBERRY: 
H.R. 1186. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Clause I of Section 8 of Article I of the 
Constitution—Congress has the power to pro-vide for the general welfare of the United States 
By Mr. ZELDIN: 
H.R. 1187. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution. 
f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS 
Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors 
were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 25: Mr. P ALMER . 
H.R. 55: Mr. R ANGEL and Ms. L EE. 
H.R. 67: Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia. 
H.R. 72: Mr. R ANGEL , Ms. B ROWN of Florida, 
and Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN . 
H.R. 73: Mr. R ANGEL . 
H.R. 77: Ms. M OORE , Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. A L 
GREEN of Texas, Mr. R USH, Mr. T ONKO , and 
Mr. H ONDA . 
H.R. 131: Mr. C RAMER , Mr. T IBERI , Mr. 
MASSIE , Mr. M URPHY of Pennsylvania, and 
Mr. S TEWART . 
H.R. 160: Mr. R UIZ. 
H.R. 173: Mr. H ARDY . 
H.R. 188: Ms. K USTER and Mr. T ROTT . 
H.R. 218: Ms. G RAHAM . 
H.R. 228: Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mrs. W ATSON  
COLEMAN , and Mr. M ACARTHUR . 
H.R. 232: Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut. 
H.R. 235: Mr. A DERHOLT . 
H.R. 238: Mr. N ORCROSS and Mr. D EUTCH . H.R. 267: Mr. G ARAMENDI . 
H.R. 284: Mr. P ERLMUTTER . 
H.R. 288: Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. L ANGEVIN , 
and Mr. R ANGEL . 
H.R. 306: Ms. J UDYCHUof California. 
H.R. 333: Mr. R IGELL . 
H.R. 360: Mr. L UCAS . 
H.R. 366: Ms. G ABBARD , Mr. P AYNE , Mr. 
CARTWRIGHT , and Mr. N ORCROSS . 
H.R. 376: Mr. S WALWELL of California, Mr. 
CICILLINE , Ms. B ASS, and Ms. L EE. 
H.R. 377: Mr. C ICILLINE , Ms. L EE, and Mr. 
GRIJALVA . 
H.R. 378: Ms. L EEand Mr. S WALWELL of 
California. 
H.R. 383: Mr. B ABIN. 
H.R. 386: Mr. D OGGETT . 
H.R. 401: Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama, Mr. 
BUCSHON , Mr. G RAVES of Missouri, and Mr. 
ROTHFUS . 
H.R. 413: Mrs. L AWRENCE . 
H.R. 416: Mr. T IBERI . 
H.R. 463: Mr. B ABIN and Mr. O LSON . 
H.R. 465: Mr. L UCAS and Mr. R OONEY of 
Florida. 
H.R. 511: Mr. H UNTER , Mr. Y OUNG of Alas-
ka, and Mr. B ISHOP of Utah. 
H.R. 539: Mr. B ABIN. 
H.R. 540: Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska and Mrs. 
LUMMIS . 
H.R. 551: Miss R ICEof New York. 
H.R. 572: Mr. P ETERSON , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. 
RIBBLE , Ms. D ELBENE, and Mr. R IGELL . 
H.R. 577: Mr. M ACARTHUR , Mr. L ATTA , Mrs. 
MCMORRIS RODGERS , Mr. R OTHFUS , and Mr. 
RIGELL . 
H.R. 589: Mr. N EUGEBAUER . 
H.R. 592: Mrs. E LLMERS of North Carolina, 
Mr. S CHOCK , Mr. P OCAN , and Mr. C OHEN . 
H.R. 594: Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan, Mr. 
JOHNSON of Ohio, Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa, and 
Mrs. K IRKPATRICK . 
H.R. 597: Mr. A BRAHAM . 
H.R. 601: Mr. D UFFY . 
H.R. 606: Mr. R EED. 
H.R. 608: Mr. C ONYERS , Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. 
TEDLIEUof California, Mr. L OEBSACK , Mr. 
COHEN , and Ms. J ACKSON LEE. 
H.R. 613: Mr. A MODEI and Mr. C ARTWRIGHT . 
H.R. 624: Mr. S CHIFF . 
H.R. 632: Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia. 
H.R. 635: Mr. W ELCH . 
H.R. 638: Mr. P OLIS and Mr. B UCK. 
H.R. 642: Miss R ICEof New York. 
H.R. 653: Mr. G UINTA , Mr. F ARENTHOLD , and 
Mr. D ESJARLAIS . 
H.R. 654: Mr. H ILL. 
H.R. 662: Mr. H ECKof Nevada, Mr. S ENSEN -
BRENNER , Mr. D ENT, and Mr. B YRNE . 
H.R. 663: Mr. H ARPER . 
H.R. 684: Mr. C ARTWRIGHT . 
H.R. 685: Mr. V ISCLOSKY and Mr. W ALBERG . 
H.R. 692: Mr. F ORBES . 
H.R. 696: Mr. I SRAEL . 
H.R. 705: Mrs. L OWEY . 
H.R. 707: Mr. P IERLUISI , Mr. B ISHOP of 
Utah, and Mrs. L OVE. 
H.R. 712: Mr. C ARTER of Georgia. 
H.R. 721: Mr. P AULSEN , Mr. P ETERSON , Mr. 
COFFMAN , Mr. L AMALFA , Mr. G RAVES of 
Georgia, Mr. W ILLIAMS , Mr. M ICA, Ms. 
GRANGER , Mr. D ENT, Mrs. N OEM, Mr. G RIF-
FITH, Mr. W ALBERG , and Mr. D IAZ-BALART . 
H.R. 742: Miss R ICEof New York. 
H.R. 751: Mr. G UINTA . 
H.R. 752: Mr. B ERA. 
H.R. 757: Mr. D ESJARLAIS . 
H.R. 762: Mr. D EFAZIO. 
H.R. 767: Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut. 
H.R. 768: Ms. R OYBAL -ALLARD . 
H.R. 797: Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. P ALLONE , and 
Mr. R ANGEL . 
H.R. 799: Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 815: Mr. H ENSARLING , Mr. C OLLINS of 
New York, Mr. G UTHRIE , Mr. Y OUNG of Indi-
ana, Mr. F INCHER , Mr. H ECKof Nevada, Mr. 
BARR, and Mr. P OMPEO . 
H.R. 825: Mr. P EARCE , Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of 
Illinois, Ms. M CSALLY , and Mr. G OHMERT . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:15 Feb 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00127 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27FE7.044 H27FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1502 February 27, 2015 
H.R. 829: Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. 
RANGEL , Mr. H ASTINGS , and Mr. R YAN of 
Ohio. 
H.R. 845: Mr. P ETERS on and Mr. P OLIS. 
H.R. 858: Mr. C ARTWRIGHT . 
H.R. 868: Mr. C OHEN . 
H.R. 879: Mr. F INCHER , Mr. D ESJARLAIS , and 
Mrs. N OEM. 
H.R. 882: Mr. C OHEN . 
H.R. 906: Mr. B YRNE , Mr. E MMER of Min-
nesota, Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. 
MULVANEY , Mr. N OLAN , Mr. G IBSON , and Mr. 
PETERSON . 
H.R. 911: Ms. G ABBARD , Mr. N OLAN , Mr. 
VEASEY , Mr. J ONES , and Mr. C OHEN . 
H.R. 912: Mr. G RIJALVA . 
H.R. 915: Miss R ICEof New York. 
H.R. 919: Mr. D ESAULNIER , Ms. L EE, and 
Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia. 
H.R. 920: Ms. N ORTON , Mr. P OCAN , and Ms. 
MOORE . 
H.R. 927: Ms. E STY. 
H.R. 932: Ms. D UCKWORTH and Mr. E LLISON . 
H.R. 950: Mr. S IRES. 
H.R. 954: Mr. B LUM. 
H.R. 955: Mr. M ACARTHUR and Mr. S HUSTER . 
H.R. 969: Mr. C OLLINS of Georgia, Mr. 
DEUTCH , Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. W ITTMAN , Mr. 
WESTERMAN , Ms. L ORETTA SANCHEZ of Cali-
fornia, Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. M ACARTHUR , 
and Ms. B ROWN of Florida. 
H.R. 973: Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. T URNER , Mr. 
HIMES, Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania, Mr. 
LARSON of Connecticut, Mr. M URPHY of Penn-
sylvania, Mr. R OYCE , Mr. V ISCLOSKY , Mr. 
PRICE of North Carolina, Ms. L EE, Mr. 
NEUGEBAUER , and Mr. C ICILLINE . 
H.R. 975: Mr. W EBSTER of Florida. 
H.R. 978: Mr. C OFFMAN , Mr. O’R OURKE , and 
Mr. C OHEN . H.R. 985: Mr. H UDSON and Mr. B UTTERFIELD . 
H.R. 986: Mrs. W ALORSKI , Mr. H ARPER , Ms. 
FOXX, Mr. C OOK, Mr. S CHWEIKERT , Mr. K ELLY  
of Pennsylvania, Mr. S AMJOHNSON of Texas, 
Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia, and Mr. A BRA-
HAM. 
H.R. 988: Mr. C OHEN . 
H.R. 997: Mr. R OEof Tennessee and Mr. 
FLEISCHMANN . 
H.R. 999: Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama, Ms. H ER-
RERA BEUTLER , Mr. W OMACK , Mr. Y OUNG of 
Alaska, Mr. N OLAN , Mr. G UTHRIE , Mr. 
RIBBLE , Mr. J ONES , Mrs. R OBY, Mr. S ALMON , 
and Mr. B ISHOP of Utah. 
H.R. 1004: Mr. E LLISON . 
H.R. 1006: Ms. C ASTOR of Florida. 
H.R. 1023: Mr. C URBELO of Florida. 
H.R. 1024: Mr. K EATING , Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. 
MEEKS , Mrs. C APPS , Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. 
PAYNE , and Mr. L OBIONDO . 
H.R. 1029: Mr. B ARTON . 
H.R. 1030: Mr. T IPTON , Mr. W ESTMORELAND , 
Mr. C OLLINS of Georgia, Mr. R OHRABACHER , 
Mr. B ARTON , and Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 1031: Ms. A DAMS , Mr. V ISCLOSKY , Ms. 
GRAHAM , Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. M OULTON , Ms. 
LEE, Mr. B ECERRA , Mr. R UPPERSBERGER , Mr. 
MCNERNEY , and Mr. S ERRANO . 
H.R. 1037: Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. V ARGAS , Ms. 
SLAUGHTER , Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, and 
Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mex-
ico. 
H.R. 1039: Mr. C OHEN . 
H.R. 1041: Mr. L YNCH , Mr. Y OHO, Mr. K ING 
of Iowa, and Mr. C OOPER . 
H.R. 1046: Mr. V ANHOLLEN . 
H.R. 1062: Mr. H ANNA , Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, 
Mr. F ARENTHOLD , Mr. A BRAHAM , and Mr. 
PEARCE . 
H.R. 1075: Mr. S CHWEIKERT . H.R. 1084: Mr. A MODEI and Mr. H URD of 
Texas. 
H.R. 1086: Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, Mr. A BRA-
HAM, Mr. Z INKE, and Mr. D UNCAN of Ten-
nessee. 
H.R. 1094: Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. W EBER of 
Texas, Mr. M CCAUL, Mr. S MITH of Texas, Mr. 
MARCHANT , Mr. P OEof Texas, Mr. B URGESS , 
Mr. N EUGEBAUER , Mr. M EEHAN , Mr. C OLLINS  
of New York, Mr. F ARENTHOLD , Mr. V ALADAO , 
Mr. M CKINLEY , Mr. J ENKINS of West Virginia, 
Mr. B UCK, Mr. B YRNE , Mr. L ATTA , Mr. W EST-
MORELAND , Mr. P OLIQUIN , and Mr. H URD of 
Texas. 
H.R. 1095: Mr. V EASEY , Mr. S CHIFF , and Mr. 
HASTINGS . 
H.R. 1106: Mr. J ONES , Mr. Z INKE, and Mr. 
SCHWEIKERT . 
H.R. 1111: Mr. P OLIS. 
H.R. 1122: Mr. B ARLETTA . 
H.R. 1135: Mrs. L AWRENCE . 
H.J. Res. 25: Ms. W ASSERMAN SCHULTZ and 
Mr. N ORCROSS . 
H.J. Res. 29: Mr. S MITH of Nebraska and 
Mr. G OODLATTE . 
H. Res. 15: Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. B ENRAY 
LUJA´Nof New Mexico, Mr. P OLIS, Mr. 
GUTIE´RREZ , Mr. P ETERSON , and Mr. C OHEN . 
H. Res. 54: Mr. C A´RDENAS and Mr. T AKANO . 
H. Res. 56: Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia. 
H. Res. 109: Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. M ARINO , Ms. 
EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. M AC-
ARTHUR , and Mr. C ROWLEY . 
H. Res. 118: Mr. T EDLIEUof California. 
H. Res. 122: Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn-
sylvania and Ms. D ELAURO . 
H. Res. 123: Mr. M CGOVERN and Mr. C OSTA . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Feb 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00128 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27FE7.040 H27FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S1187 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 27, 2015 No. 34 
Senate 
The Senate met at 9:30 a.m. and was 
called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-
fered the following prayer: 
Let us pray. God, You are our refuge and strength, 
a very present help during challenging seasons. Thank You for the oppor-tunity to serve You and country. 
Use our lawmakers for Your glory. 
May they experience companionship with You throughout this day. Permit this fellowship with You to impart wis-dom, courage, and inspiration. Make them so aware of Your presence that they will refuse to major in minors and minor in majors. Remind them that lawmakers can work miracles with co-operation but accomplish little with legislative brinksmanship. May they make the doing of Your will their high-est priority. 
We pray in Your sovereign Name. 
Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The President pro tempore led the 
Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY 
LEADER 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. 
CAPITO ). The majority leader is recog-
nized. 
f 
ORDER OF PROCEDURE 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Madam President, 
I ask unanimous consent that fol-lowing leader remarks, the time until 10 a.m. this morning be equally divided in the usual form. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, 
I ask unanimous consent that the man-datory quorum with respect to the clo-ture motion on the motion to proceed to S. 534 be waived. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, 
I ask unanimous consent that there be 2 minutes of debate equally divided be-fore each vote. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND 
SECURITY FUNDING 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Madam President, 
this morning the Senate will complete work on a bill to fund the Department of Homeland Security, and then we will turn to Senator C
OLLINS ’ bill—com-
monsense legislation that will protect our democracy from the egregious ex-ample of Executive overreach we saw in November. In my view, this deserves broad support. Remember, President Obama said more than 20 times that he couldn’t take those kinds of actions. He even referred to overreach such as that as ‘‘ignoring the law.’’ So Senator C
OLLINS ’ measure simply takes the 
President at his word and helps him follow the law instead of ignoring it. 
The Collins’ bill also provides Demo-
crats who led their constituents to be-lieve they would address Executive overreach with a chance to show they were at least a little bit serious when they said that. Democrats won’t achieve that by filibustering Homeland Security, and Democrats won’t achieve it by holding hypocritical press con-ferences just hours after voting to block funding for DHS. But they can help us pass a sensible bill from Sen-ator C
OLLINS that will hold the execu-
tive branch to account. After so many weeks of senseless filibustering, that is 
the least these Democrats owe their constituents. RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY 
LEADER 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The mi-
nority leader is recognized. 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND 
SECURITY FUNDING 
Mr. REID. Madam President, we are 
about 14 hours away from a shutdown of the Department of Homeland Secu-rity. The Senate will do its part this morning and send the House a clean Homeland Security bill that fully funds the Department through the end of the year. It will stop a government shut-down. Then the House must act, and it must act responsibly. They must pass the Senate bill. We will not go to con-ference on some jerry-rigged situation they send back dealing with something they do not like about the President for whatever reason. We will not pass any rider-laden monstrosity they send back to us. 
The Senate is proving that there is 
broad bipartisan support for a good, clean bill that will fund Homeland Se-curity and keep that government agen-cy running. It would pass this House— this legislation we are going to pass here in an hour or so—with broad bi-partisan support if Speaker B
OEHNER  
would simply allow a vote on it. If he allowed Democrats and Republicans to vote in the House, as has been done for centuries, it would pass overwhelm-ingly. The only point of his wanting a conference would be to take a clean bill that would pass both Houses and turn it into something that can’t pass anything. 
This bill we will pass today is not 
just the Senate’s product, it is a bipar-tisan, bicameral piece of legislation. Last December the House and the Sen-ate, in some very difficult negotia-tions, worked out an agreement where we would pass 13 funding bills as part of an omnibus spending bill. The House Republicans refused to pass the Home-land Security funding. We now have 12 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Feb 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27FE6.000 S27FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1188 February 27, 2015 
of the 13 we agreed to done. They now 
have reneged on the deal to do the 13th. This bicameral, bipartisan bill deserves a vote in the House. It would pass, I re-peat. 
The chairman of the House Foreign 
Affairs Committee said this: 
There’s a clear majority in the Senate and 
the House to pass this legislation. 
You cannot govern by shutting down 
essential lifesaving departments of the Federal Government. 
The junior Senator from Illinois said 
yesterday: 
As a governing party, we’ve got to fund 
DHS and say to the House, ‘‘Here’s a straw so you can suck it up.’’ . . . this battle should be the end of the strategy of attach-ing whatever you’re upset at the president [about] to a vital piece of government. 
Yesterday Congressman P ETER KING 
of New York put it more bluntly when he said: 
We can’t allow DHS not [to] be funded. 
People think we’re crazy. There’re terrorist attacks all over the world, and we’re talking about closing down Homeland Security. This is like living in the world of the crazy peo-ple. 
Congressman K INGwent on to say: 
I’ve had it with this self-righteous, delu-
sional wing of the party that leads us over the cliff. . . . It says a lot about the party. It means trouble. How many times can we go over the cliff and survive? 
I agree with his sentiments. This 
isn’t just about the Republican Party, this is about our country. How many times can House Republicans send our Nation hurtling toward a cliff? 
I listen very closely to the prayer 
virtually every day. Among other things, the Senate Chaplain, Dr. Barry Black, said, in speaking to our Heav-enly Father, ‘‘Remind them that law-makers can work miracles with co-operation but accomplish little with legislative brinksmanship.’’ That was in the prayer offered here this morn-ing. 
How many times can we narrowly 
avert catastrophe just so Republicans get a gold star from radical pundits? They need to do the right thing and pass the Senate’s clean bill—pass it today and quickly. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SE-
CURITY APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2015 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will re-sume consideration of H.R. 240, which the clerk will report. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 240) making appropriations for 
the Department of Homeland Security for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2015, and for other purposes. 
Pending: 
McConnell (for Cochran) amendment No. 
255, in the nature of a substitute. McConnell amendment No. 256 (to amend-
ment No. 255), to change the enactment date. 
McConnell amendment No. 257 (to the lan-
guage proposed to be stricken by amendment No. 255), to change the enactment date. 
McConnell amendment No. 258 (to amend-
ment No. 257), of a perfecting nature. 
McConnell motion to commit the bill to 
the Committee on Appropriations, with in-structions, McConnell amendment No. 259, to change the enactment date. 
McConnell amendment No. 260 (to (the in-
structions) amendment No. 259), of a per-fecting nature. 
McConnell amendment No. 261 (to amend-
ment No. 260), of a perfecting nature. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the time until 10 a.m. will be equally divided in the usual form. 
The Senator from Maryland. Ms. MIKULSKI. Madam President, as 
the vice chair of the Committee on Ap-propriations, I rise to speak on the Homeland Security funding bill. 
This morning the Senate moves to 
fulfill its responsibility—its national responsibility—to pass the Homeland Security bill which would fully fund the Department through the fiscal year 2015. This fulfills a constitutional oath we Senators took to protect and defend the Constitution and the people of the United States against all foes, foreign and domestic. The domestic is here today. The domestic is in homeland se-curity. The domestic is in what we need to do to fulfill our responsibility. We take oaths to the Constitution. We say we want a constitutionally driven government. So do I. We need to get off of our press releases and pass this bill. 
I am really proud of the fact that we 
on the Committee on Appropriations did our job, and we did it in December. The subcommittee chairs of Homeland Security did their due diligence and came up with an affordable framework for funding the Homeland Security bill. It met the bottom line, met the budget caps, but also met our compelling na-tional security needs. 
Congressman H
ALROGERS in the 
House, for whom I have nothing but great respect, and I came to a fiscal agreement, but we did not have the ability to move it forward because there were those who wanted to delay putting it in the omnibus because they were having a temper tantrum with the President of the United States over his Executive authority. Could he move his Executive authority on the topic of im-migration? So there was a solution to delay the funding so that we could have cooler heads prevail: Oh golly, do it after the election. And once again we punted and delayed and parsed, punted and issued press releases. That is what we got out of the House and somewhat out of the Senate. 
Where are we today? Thanks to the 
leadership of the two leaders, Senators M
CCONNELL and R EID, we have a path 
forward. I urge my colleagues to look at this path. The significant part of it is to pass a clean funding bill to make sure Homeland Security is funded the entire year so we can meet the needs of the national programs, such as the Coast Guard, and make sure that 
grants go out to our first responders, who are truly our boots on the ground, such as volunteer fire departments that right now are out there in some parts of our communities getting sick people out with snowmobiles. Senator C
OLLINS of Maine and I have talked 
about her Maine and my Garrett Coun-ty, where, when we have had a hurri-cane, these people go and get elderly people out on Zodiacs, sometimes wad-ing through water and wondering if they are going to step on power lines. 
We have to get real here. There are 
those who want to increase defense funding so we can protect America against ISIL. We protect America from ISIL right here in this bill. You want to protect America, vote for the clean funding bill. You want to protect America’s border, fight for the funding bill. You want to make sure we don’t have illegal aliens in this country, make sure you are funding the Border Patrol—23,000 people all in uniform out there on the border manning the best technology we can afford. So whatever we say we want to do, this is the way to do it. This is the way to do it. 
We understand the Senate would also 
like to debate immigration. We respect that viewpoint. We also respect that the matter that is of concern about the President’s Executive authority is going through the courts. Don’t punish the Border Patrol agent, don’t punish the person working in the Coast Guard out on an ice cutter, don’t punish the volunteer firefighter because you are angry at Obama. I say to my folks on my side of the aisle, make sure we vote to pass a clean funding bill here today. And I say also to the other side of the aisle to do it. 
I really appreciate the fact that Sen-
ator R
EID and Senator M CCONNELL  
have arrived at this parliamentary Senate vote to get us where we need to be going. But I say to my friends in the House, to delay this 3 more weeks is reckless and it is dangerous. What are we going to know? We are waiting for the courts to decide? Who knows when the courts will decide. What we do know is not what the courts will de-cide, but we know we have a legal proc-ess. A judge has made a decision. It will go through the court of appeals, maybe even to the Supreme Court. Let the court follow its process. But in the meantime, while the courts are doing their job, can we at least get around to doing our job so that the men and women who provide for us and fight every day, whether it is the local vol-unteer fire department or our Secret Service, our Coast Guard, or those working in cyber security—and the Di-rector of National Intelligence, Direc-tor Clapper, says cyber security is a bigger threat than ISIL—can do theirs? 
So let’s get on with it, and let’s ful-
fill our constitutional responsibility when we said we take the oath to pro-tect America against all enemies, for-eign and domestic. 
Madam President, I yield the floor. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Feb 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27FE6.005 S27FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1189 February 27, 2015 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Louisiana. 
Mr. VITTER. Madam President, I rise 
in strong opposition to stripping off all of the House language from the Home-land Security funding bill and pro-ceeding with a ‘‘clean bill.’’ 
I do so because I took a constitu-
tional oath, and I take that oath very seriously. The language which we are debating in the Homeland Security funding bill from the House goes di-rectly to that oath and goes directly to that responsibility. It does so for two reasons. 
First of all, this Executive amnesty, 
which has about 5 million illegal aliens getting blanket significant amnesty because of the President’s Executive action, is a big deal. It is a big deal in terms of policy. It is a big deal regard-ing his overreaching his legal and con-stitutional authority. 
First, policy. It is a fundamental rule 
of economics—it is a fundamental rule of life—that when you reward behavior, you get more of it. When you penalize certain behavior, you get less of it. 
A blanket overarching amnesty 
which gives about 5 million illegal aliens in the country here amnesty is rewarding behavior. It is rewarding be-havior we say we want to curtail, we say we want to stop, but we are reward-ing it, and we are going to get more of it. That is not just me saying that theoretically. We have lived that over and over again. 
The President a few years ago took a 
similar but smaller Executive action commonly referred to as DACA. That focused on younger illegal aliens. Guess what. Soon after that action, a wave of new young illegal minors, un-accompanied minors, started coming into this country in numbers like we had never seen before. 
Does anyone think that was unre-
lated? Does anyone think that timing was just coincidence? Of course it wasn’t. The President rewarded illegal crossings and—surprise, surprise—he got a whole lot more of them in exactly the class—younger, illegal, unaccom-panied minors—that he had acted on through DACA. 
So this is going to happen again on a 
much larger scale. We are going to grow the problem through this policy, not get control of it. 
The second concern I have is even far 
more fundamental, because it goes to his constitutional power and authority, and the fact that he is going well be-yond that constitutional power and au-thority, I think, clearly. 
Presidents have significant author-
ity. They are the Executive. They need to execute the law. In executing the law, they often have to fill in the blanks, fill in the details that Congress has not fully provided. But that is very different from acting contrary to the law—180 degrees contrary to statutory law—and that is what the President is doing in this instance. No President has that authority. If they want to do that, they need to change the law. As every schoolkid knows, that goes 
through Congress, and then the Presi-dent obviously has a role in terms of a veto. But the President doesn’t want to do that. He can’t do that. Congress dis-agrees with him. So he is just changing the law with the stroke of a pen. That is what is clearly illegal and unconsti-tutional, because he is acting contrary to statutory law. 
Some of his apologists—including Lo-
retta Lynch, for example—say: Well, every President can set prosecution priorities. We are simply setting prior-ities. We are simply saying this class of folks is not a priority for legal action, deportation prosecution. 
I asked Ms. Lynch directly after she 
said that: Isn’t it true the President is going beyond that? Isn’t it true he is giving this entire class of illegal aliens a new legal status? She had no sub-stantive response. 
I said: Isn’t it true the President is 
going beyond that? He is creating a new document out of thin air, with ‘‘work permit’’ at the top, and handing it to these illegal aliens and suggesting they now have a right to work legally in this country, even though statutory law makes it crystal clear they do not. She had no substantive answer to that. 
I urge my colleagues not to strip out 
this important House language. The President’s action is bad policy that will grow the illegal immigration prob-lem, and it is acting clearly beyond his legal constitutional authority. 
Madam President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Maine. 
Ms. COLLINS. Madam President, this 
morning we have the opportunity to accomplish two important goals. 
First, we can pass legislation which 
will fully fund the Department of Homeland Security so it can perform its vital mission. 
Second, we have the opportunity to 
stand up for our constitutional system of separation of powers. 
I support and voted for comprehen-
sive immigration reform. But the President’s overreach usurps the role of Congress and undermines our con-stitutional system of checks and bal-ances. 
The failure of Congress to pass a law 
to the President’s liking cannot be-come an excuse for the President to usurp the powers of the legislative branch. 
The President knows he lacks the au-
thority to write the law. He has said so 22 times, on 22 different occasions. 
Allow me to describe my bill very 
briefly. Specifically, it does four things. 
First, it bars the administration 
from using funds to implement the im-migration orders issued by the Presi-dent in November of last year. 
Second, it has absolutely no effect on 
the much more constrained and limited Executive orders the President issued in 2012, the so-called DACA Program that protects the DREAMers, to whom I am very sympathetic. Third, it directs the Department to 
give the highest enforcement priority to the deportation of foreign nationals in our country illegally who have been convicted of domestic violence, child abuse, exploitation, or a sex crime. Why would we want to keep in this country someone who is deportable who is a sex offender, who has been convicted of child molestation or do-mestic violence? It makes no sense. 
Ironically, just this week the Senate 
Judiciary Committee held an excellent hearing on sex trafficking. We heard heartbreaking stories of very young girls who had been abused by men. If there are foreign nationals in this country who have been convicted of these crimes, they should be deported. 
And, fourth, it includes a sense-of- 
the-Senate resolution that the execu-tive branch should not act to give for-eign nationals who are here illegally an edge in competing for jobs against American citizens or legal residents with green cards. 
The Founders gave us a system of 
separation of powers and checks and balances not to tear us apart but to pull us together. They gave us no shortcuts on purpose. 
The President’s November 2014 Exec-
utive actions are ill-advised precisely because they attempt to shortcut the process by usurping Congress’s author-ity to pass legislation. 
My legislation would block that ef-
fort without in any way altering or di-minishing the more constrained and important 2012 DACA Program. 
I want to see the Department of 
Homeland Security fully funded. It has an absolutely vital mission at a time when our country faces numerous threats. 
I urge my colleagues this morning 
both to vote for the clean DHS bill and for my legislation to stand up for the role of Congress in our constitutional system. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The as-
sistant Democratic leader. 
Mr. DURBIN. Madam President, how 
much time is remaining on the Demo-cratic side? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is 
4 minutes remaining on the Demo-cratic side. 
Mr. DURBIN. Madam President, let 
me say at the outset Senator C
OLLINS  
is my friend and colleague, and we have worked on many things together. I re-spect her especially because the De-partment of Homeland Security was literally her creation, along with Sen-ator Lieberman and others. 
The fact that we have now agreed on 
a bipartisan basis to set aside this im-migration debate and to fully fund this critical Department is the right thing to do. A 98-to-2 vote is unusual on the Senate floor. It reflects the fact that we finally reached that consensus on funding the Department of Homeland Security. I hope our vote later today also reflects that. But I do take excep-tion to some of the statements she has made about her own measure which she is offering. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:40 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27FE6.007 S27FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1190 February 27, 2015 
First I would like to invite her—and 
I am sure she has been there a thou-sand times—to walk down this corridor and look up the staircase to the paint-ing, a painting that shows Abraham Lincoln with his Cabinet. It is the mo-ment when he signed an Executive order. President Lincoln signed an Ex-ecutive order, and with that Executive order 152 years ago, the Emancipation Proclamation freed 3 million slaves in the United States of America. 
Barack Obama is not the first Presi-
dent to issue an Executive order nor is he the first President to issue one which affects millions of people. Which President held the record for an Execu-tive order giving rights to 1.5 million immigrants in this country before Barack Obama? George Herbert Walker Bush. In fact, virtually every President since Eisenhower has issued an Execu-tive order relative to immigration. Now we didn’t see Republican hair on fire when it was being done by Presi-dent George W. Bush or George Herbert Walker Bush. It is only when Barack Obama does it that they scream and rage it is unconstitutional. Yet let’s look at the argument they are making. 
Senator C
OLLINS is making the argu-
ment that the Executive order signed by President Obama, known as DACA, that affected children who might qual-ify under the DREAM Act and could protect up to 2 million young people in America, was legal. I agree. She says her bill that she is offering today re-flects that. 
Then she says that 2 years later, 
when the President issued an Executive order that could protect on a tem-porary basis up to 5 million, that was clearly unconstitutional. What is the difference? Well, it is a difference the courts will have to try to resolve. I think we ought to think twice before we try to defund or repeal the Presi-dent’s Executive orders of November 2014. 
President Obama makes it clear that 
if you are the parent of an American citizen child or a legal resident alien child, you have to come forward, pay a filing fee, submit your name for a criminal background check, and if you have a bad criminal record, you are gone. If your record clears and you have no criminal history to be con-cerned about, then you can work in the United States on a temporary basis for 2 years. That is it. It doesn’t give you permanent citizenship or legal status beyond that. 
Isn’t it better that our country be 
safe enough to know that these mil-lions of people are no threat to us, where they live, who they work for? I think that makes sense. 
It is a shame Congress hasn’t done it. 
We can still do it, and I hope we will. But the Collins approach, sadly, is going to deny that, and it is going to say, frankly, that the priorities cur-rently set for deportation of dangerous people will be swept away but for the specified crimes which she includes in her bill. I will state that the President’s Exec-
utive order already covers every one of those offenses—every one of those felo-nies. So Ms. C
OLLINS is not adding any-
thing to the debate. I know that the Senator offered this in good faith, and I believe she can be an important part in finding a bipartisan solution to the immigration question. But I urge my colleagues to reject the Collins bill that comes before us today. It was a bill crafted in the House of Representa-tives in anger over the President’s Ex-ecutive order. It does not protect DACA and the DREAMers, and that is why the immigration groups to a per-son have come out against the Collins amendment. 
I hope my colleagues will join me in 
voting against the measure. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-
jority whip. 
Mr. CORNYN. Madam President, I 
ask unanimous consent that all votes after the first vote be 10 minutes in length. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Pursuant 
to rule XXII, the Chair lays before the Senate the pending cloture motion, which the clerk will state. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  
We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-
ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on H.R. 240, making appropriations for the Department of Homeland Security for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2015. 
Mitch McConnell, Orrin G. Hatch, Susan 
M. Collins, Lindsey Graham, Daniel Coats, Thad Cochran, Roger F. Wicker, John Barrasso, Jeff Flake, John McCain, Mark Kirk, Kelly Ayotte, Lamar Alexander, Lisa Murkowski, Bob Corker, John Cornyn. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unan-
imous consent, the mandatory quorum call has been waived. 
The question is, Is it the sense of the 
Senate that debate on H.R. 240, a bill making appropriations for the Depart-ment of Homeland Security for the fis-cal year ending September 30, 2015, and for other purposes, shall be brought to a close? 
The yeas and nays are mandatory 
under the rule. 
The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk 
called the roll. 
Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the 
Senator from California (Mrs. B
OXER ) 
is necessarily absent. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there 
any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? 
The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 68, 
nays 31, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 59 Leg.] 
YEAS—68 
Alexander 
Ayotte Baldwin 
Barrasso Bennet 
Blumenthal Booker 
Brown Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Coats Cochran Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Donnelly Durbin Enzi Feinstein Flake Franken Gardner Gillibrand Graham 
Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Johnson Kaine King Kirk Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCain McCaskill McConnell Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murkowski Murphy 
Murray Nelson Peters Reed Reid Rounds Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Thune 
Toomey Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NAYS—31 
Blunt 
Boozman Burr Cassidy Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Ernst Fischer Grassley Hoeven 
Inhofe Isakson Lankford Lee Moran Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rubio 
Sasse Scott Sessions Shelby Sullivan Tillis Vitter Wicker 
NOT VOTING— 1 
Boxer 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this 
vote, the yeas are 68, the nays are 31. 
Three-fifths of the Senators duly cho-
sen and sworn having voted in the af-firmative, the motion is agreed to. 
Cloture having been invoked, the mo-
tion to commit falls as inconsistent with cloture. 
Under the previous order, all 
postcloture time is yielded back with the exception of 10 minutes for the Senator from Utah, Mr. L
EE, or his des-
ignee. 
The Senator from Utah. Mr. LEE. Madam President, in No-
vember 2014, the President of the United States issued a series of Execu-tive orders effectively granting am-nesty to millions of people who were in the United States unlawfully, outside of what our laws allow—laws passed by Congress and signed into law by the President of the United States. 
In other words, under article I, sec-
tion 8, we, as a Congress, are given power to establish a uniform system of laws governing immigration and natu-ralization. If our laws allow someone to come in, they may come in, but if they do not, then those people need to make sure they go about getting into the country legally and lawfully. 
If and when the President of the 
United States, or anyone else for that matter, thinks these laws are inad-equate, there is a way to change them. The way to change them is to go back to the Congress of the United States, go back to the lawmaking body, go back to that entity recognized in arti-cle I, section 1 of the Constitution, to the very first substantive line which says, ‘‘All legislative Powers herein granted shall be vested in a Congress of the United States, which shall consist of a Senate and a House of Representa-tives.’’ 
Unfortunately, the President of the 
United States chose not to change the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:40 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27FE6.008 S27FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1191 February 27, 2015 
law that way. Unfortunately, the 
President of the United States, contra-dicting his own prior statements, chose to take Executive action to legalize millions of people currently in the United States illegally. 
Ultimately, this is an issue that 
ought to be of concern to every one of us. It is an issue that is neither Repub-lican nor Democratic. It is neither lib-eral nor conservative. It is simply an American issue. It is simply an issue that flows from the rule of law, flows from the notion that ours is a system that runs under the rule of law and not under the rule of individuals. 
There is a means by which we as a 
Congress can resist the encroachments of an overreaching Chief Executive. It is the same means identified by James Madison in the Federalist papers, and that means involves the use of the power of the purse. 
Congress, of course, funds the oper-
ations of the Federal Government. The President of the United States cannot do that all on his own. So should we choose to do so, as Congress has chosen to do on so many other occasions— when we see something within the gov-ernment, whether implemented legally at the outset or not, when we see some-thing we don’t like, we can choose not to fund that. 
We have, over the last few weeks, 
tried to do precisely that in response to this Executive action. One month ago the House of Representatives passed a bill to keep the Department of Home-land Security funded, with the under-standing that at midnight tonight that funding stream would expire. At the time the House of Representatives passed that legislation, the House of Representatives—a body most account-able to the people at the most frequent intervals—made a decision. They said, We are going to keep everything else within the Department of Homeland Security funded, and the House of Rep-resentatives said, We will, however, di-rect the Department of Homeland Se-curity not to spend any money imple-menting certain Executive orders issued by the President, in November 2014 and previously, dealing with Exec-utive amnesty. 
The Senate has been trying to pro-
ceed to that bill for nearly 4 weeks. Un-fortunately, my colleagues on the other side of the aisle have refused to allow us to proceed to that bill. They have blocked our attempts. They have engaged in obstruction and they have not allowed us to proceed to it. Why? Because they didn’t like that appro-priations rider. They didn’t like that spending restriction. Apparently, they do not think we should be exercising that power described by James Madi-son and foreseen by our Founding Fa-thers as that last great protection against an overreaching Executive. So they refused to allow us to get onto the bill. 
As we are on the verge of getting on 
the bill—as we are just getting onto the bill—all of a sudden, they say, OK, we are OK with doing this as long as we 
are the only ones who get to offer amendments, as long as we get our amendment—the amendment that strips out all of the spending limita-tion language in the House-passed bill. We are OK with it as long as we, the Democrats, get our amendment, but no Republican gets his or her amendment. That isn’t fair. 
I wish to make clear that those of us 
who are supporting this have not ob-jected to the running of the time. Those of us who are supporting this have not objected to anyone else get-ting amendments. Those of us who are supporting this simply want a vote. We want a vote on a product that is even narrower than what was sent over from the House of Representatives. 
In a moment I will be calling up my 
amendment No. 265 and I will be asking this body to consider it and vote on it. What it says is that we will not allow the Department of Homeland Security to spend any money on implementing the November 2014 Executive amnesty Executive order. That is what we are trying to do. In the event it is objected to, then I will be moving to table the procedural mechanism by which other amendments are being blocked. 
I implore all of my colleagues to re-
member themselves as operating with-in the constitutional framework, in which, far more than our status as Democrat or Republican, as liberal or conservative, we are here to defend our own power, our own authority that we have been given by our own people. 
I urge all of my colleagues to support 
this amendment. 
I ask unanimous consent to call up 
my amendment No. 265. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Mr. REID. I object. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-
tion is heard. 
The Senator from Utah. 
VOTE ON AMENDMENT NO . 258 
Mr. LEE. Madam President, I move 
to table the McConnell amendment No. 258 for the purposes of offering my amendment No. 265, and I ask for the yeas and nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There is a sufficient second. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk 
called the roll. 
Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the 
Senator from California (Mrs. B
OXER ) 
is necessarily absent. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there 
any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? 
The result was announced—yeas 34, 
nays 65, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 60 Leg.] 
YEAS—34 
Blunt 
Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Cotton Crapo 
Cruz Daines Ernst Fischer Grassley Hatch 
Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Lankford Lee Moran 
Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rubio 
Sasse Scott Sessions Shelby Sullivan Thune 
Toomey Vitter Wicker 
NAYS—65 
Alexander 
Ayotte Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Booker Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coats Cochran Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Donnelly Durbin Enzi Feinstein Flake 
Franken Gardner Gillibrand Graham Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Johnson Kaine King Kirk Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCain McCaskill McConnell Menendez Merkley Mikulski 
Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Reed Reid Rounds Sanders Schatz 
Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Tillis Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—1 
Boxer 
The motion was rejected. 
AMENDMENT NOS . 258, 257, AND 256 WITHDRAWN  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, amendment Nos. 258, 257, and 256 are withdrawn. 
AMENDMENT NO . 255 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, there will be 2 min-utes of debate equally divided prior to a vote on amendment No. 255, offered by the Senator from Kentucky, Mr. M
CCONNELL . 
Who yields time? Ms. COLLINS. We yield back our 
time. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, all time is yielded 
back. 
The question is on agreeing to the 
amendment. 
The yeas and nays have been pre-
viously ordered. 
The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk 
called the roll. 
Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the 
Senator from California (Mrs. B
OXER ) 
is necessarily absent. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there 
any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? 
The result was announced—yeas 66, 
nays 33, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 61 Leg.] 
YEAS—66 
Alexander 
Ayotte Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Booker Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coats Cochran Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Donnelly 
Durbin Enzi Feinstein Flake Franken Gardner Gillibrand Graham Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Johnson Kaine King Kirk Klobuchar 
Leahy Manchin Markey McCain McCaskill McConnell Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Reed Reid Rounds 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:40 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27FE6.011 S27FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1192 February 27, 2015 
Sanders 
Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow 
Tester Thune Udall Warner 
Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NAYS—33 
Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Ernst Fischer Grassley 
Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Lankford Lee Moran Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts 
Rubio Sasse Scott Sessions Shelby Sullivan Tillis Toomey Vitter Wicker 
NOT VOTING—1 
Boxer 
The amendment (No. 255) was agreed 
to. 
The amendment was ordered to be 
engrossed, and the bill to be read a third time. 
The bill was read the third time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, there will be 2 min-utes of debate, equally divided, prior to a vote on passage of H.R. 240, as amended. 
The Senator from New Hampshire. Mrs. SHAHEEN. Madam President, 
the Senate is about to vote on a full- year funding bill for the Department of Homeland Security. All of us in this Chamber understand that we need to support the Department because they are critical to defending the homeland. If we want to fight ISIL, then we can fight them here at home by passing the bill to fully fund DHS. 
We can keep Homeland Security on 
the job. We can keep breaking the ice to keep the economy moving on our lakes and our oceans. We can secure our borders. We can prevent attacks from terrorists. Our enemies are watching. Now it is time to defend America. I urge all of my colleagues to vote yes on this full funding bill. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask unanimous 
consent to yield back all time. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, all time is yielded back. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the bill having been read the third time, the question is, Shall the bill pass? 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask for the yeas 
and nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There is a sufficient second. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the 
Senator from California (Mrs. B
OXER ) 
is necessarily absent. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there 
any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? 
The result was announced—yeas 68, 
nays 31, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 62 Leg.] 
YEAS—68 
Alexander 
Ayotte Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Booker 
Brown Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey 
Coats Cochran Collins Coons Corker Cornyn 
Donnelly Durbin Enzi Feinstein Flake Franken Gardner Gillibrand Graham Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Johnson Kaine King 
Kirk Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCain McCaskill McConnell Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Reed 
Reid Rounds Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Thune Toomey Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NAYS—31 
Blunt 
Boozman Burr Cassidy Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Ernst Fischer Grassley Hoeven 
Inhofe Isakson Lankford Lee Moran Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rubio 
Sasse Scott Sessions Shelby Sullivan Tillis Vitter Wicker 
NOT VOTING—1 
Boxer 
The bill (H.R. 240), as amended, was 
passed. 
f 
CLOTURE MOTION 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, there will be 2 min-utes of debate equally divided prior to a vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the motion to proceed to S. 534. 
The Senator from Maine. Ms. COLLINS. Madam President, my 
bill would block the extraordinarily broad immigration actions issued by the President in November of last year. The President himself knows he lacks the authority to take such actions—he has said so publicly on 22 occasions. 
I support comprehensive immigra-
tion reform. But the President’s 2014 Executive order overreach usurps the role of Congress, and undermines our system of checks and balances. We must stand tall for the separation of powers doctrine in our Constitution. 
We can do so while protecting the 
much more limited June 2012 Executive order that created the so-called DACA program that benefits DREAMers. Under my bill, the DACA program will continue just as it was designed by the President in 2012. 
Madam President, I yield back all 
time on this side. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. All ma-
jority time is yielded back. 
All time is yielded back. Pursuant to rule XXII, the Chair lays 
before the Senate the pending cloture motion, which the clerk will state. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  
We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-
ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the mo-tion to proceed to S. 534, a bill to prohibit funds from being used to carry out certain Executive actions related to immigration and for other purposes. 
Mitch McConnell, Susan M. Collins, John 
Thune, Cory Gardner, Lamar Alex-ander, Daniel Coats, James Lankford, 
John Barrasso, John McCain, Bill Cas-sidy, Roger F. Wicker, John Hoeven, Lisa Murkowski, Jeff Flake, Shelley Moore Capito, Ron Johnson, Richard Burr. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unan-
imous consent, the mandatory quorum call has been waived. 
The question is, Is it the sense of the 
Senate that debate on the motion to proceed to S. 534, a bill to prohibit funds from being used to carry out cer-tain Executive actions related to im-migration and for other purposes, shall be brought to a close? 
The yeas and nays are mandatory 
under the rule. 
The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk 
called the roll. 
Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the 
Senator from California (Mrs. B
OXER ) 
is necessarily absent. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there 
any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? 
The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 57, 
nays 42, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 63 Leg.] 
YEAS—57 
Alexander 
Ayotte Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Enzi Ernst 
Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heitkamp Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kirk Lankford Lee Manchin McCain McCaskill Moran 
Murkowski Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Sessions Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Vitter Wicker 
NAYS—42 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand Heinrich 
Hirono Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Markey McConnell Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murphy Murray Nelson Peters 
Reed Reid Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—1 
Boxer 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this 
vote, the yeas are 57, the nays are 42. 
Three-fifths of the Senators duly cho-
sen and sworn not having voted in the affirmative, the motion is rejected. 
The majority leader. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, 
I enter a motion to reconsider the vote. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The mo-
tion is entered. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Madam President, 
I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:32 Feb 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27FE6.003 S27FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1193 February 27, 2015 
speak therein for up to 10 minutes 
each. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I suggest the ab-
sence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. ISAKSON. Madam President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
TRADE PROMOTION AUTHORITY 
Mr. ISAKSON. Madam President, I 
rise for a minute to talk about trade between the United States and our trading partners around the world. 
To make the point of my remarks, I 
ask rhetorically for everybody in the auditorium and the Senate Chamber to answer these questions: 
Are you willing to cut American 
sales of goods and services by over $2 trillion? 
I think the answer would be a re-
sounding no. 
Secondly, are you ready to diminish 
or lose 39.8 million jobs? 
Nobody in here wants to give up $2.3 
trillion in American business, and ev-erybody wants more jobs in the middle class, and nobody wants to cost Amer-ica 39 million jobs. But that is exactly what is going to happen if we don’t pass TPA, if we don’t enter into trade agreements and aggressively work to make the three pending trade agree-ments the United States has workable for our country. 
Yesterday I listened as Members of 
this body came to the floor to talk against trade and talk against the trade promotion authority. For the benefit of our new Members, trade pro-motion authority is our authorization to give the President the parameters, the limitations, and the prerogative to negotiate trade agreements, which come back to us for a final ratification up or down. That is a good way to do business. The world recognizes that if our President has trade promotion au-thority, he can sit down across the table from them and he can make a deal, and it is only subject to one vote of the U.S. Senate. If we leave it as it is now, where there is no trade pro-motion authority, then we can vote on every amendment, every prerogative, every limitation, every opportunity, and make negotiations for the adminis-tration and our country impossible. 
We have three pending agreements 
before the United States of America: first, the trade promotion authority for the President; second, the African Growth and Opportunity Act, which ex-pires in September of this year; next is the trade and investment partnership with Europe; and lastly is the trans-pacific trade agreement with the Pa-cific Rim. All three of those agree-ments are important for us to nego-tiate and close the deal on. Yet, with-
out passing TPA, we can do none. 
Ambassador Froman and the admin-
istration are doing an outstanding job of representing the United States. I have traveled with him to the African Union in Africa to work on the goal. I was with him yesterday afternoon. I talked with him about some of the ob-stacles we have in terms of the Trans- Pacific Partnership, and I have talked to him about the transatlantic trade and promotion act—all of which we need to pass and all of which he needs to be able to negotiate. But without TPA, the United States of America is sitting at the table but they can’t make a deal, and the President doesn’t have the authority that he needs and that he says he wants. 
Most of the opposition I have heard 
on the floor of the Senate comes from the people in the President’s own party. In the last two State of the Union Addresses, the President of the United States has underlined the im-portance of TPA. He said it again this year. But yesterday seven Members of his party came to the floor to talk against trade promotion authority. 
It is time for us to sit around the 
table and talk about $2.3 trillion in business for our country and 39.8 mil-lion jobs in our country. Let’s talk about how we can increase those jobs. In my State of Georgia, 1.2 million jobs are directly export-related. The Con-gress of the United States appropriated $706 million over the next 6 years for the deepening and expansion of the Sa-vannah Harbor in Savannah, GA. The Panama Canal is being widened and next year will open to the ships of the 21st century. Are they going to go somewhere else if we don’t do trade promotion authority? Probably so. We all saw what happened last week when the west coast shut down because of the longshoremen’s strike and what an impact it had on our economy. That is the kind of impact we are going to have if we don’t do trade promotion au-thority for the President. 
It is ironic that almost unanimously 
the Republican Members of the Senate are for trade promotion authority, and it appears, after yesterday’s speeches, that a significant majority of the Democratic Party is against it. Yet their President is for it. 
All of us are for jobs. All of us are for 
business. All of us are for economic ac-tivity. It is time we put our differences aside and delineate for the President of the United States the negotiating pa-rameters, the negotiating authority, and the ability we grant to him to make deals in the Trans-Pacific Part-nership and the Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership and the African Growth and Opportunity Act. All three will mean jobs not just for my State of Georgia but for our coun-try. All three will be good for our na-tional defense and our security. People don’t tend to fight with or bomb people with whom they do business. The more trade agreements we have, the more business we share, the more exchanges 
of our currency and economic pros-perity, the better off our country is, the better off our security is, and the better off are jobs for those in the mid-dle class. 
I thank the Presiding Officer for the 
opportunity to speak from the floor, and I encourage all my Members in the Senate, Republican and Democrat alike, to dedicate themselves when we come back to expeditiously bringing up trade promotion authority, delineating our differences, negotiating those dif-ferences, and giving our President the opportunity to create more jobs for America, more jobs for Georgia, more jobs for West Virginia, and more jobs for our country. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Indiana. 
f 
REMEMBERING FATHER 
THEODORE HESBURGH 
Mr. DONNELLY. Madam President, 
back in 1973 a young man caught a lucky break that changed his life. That young man was I, and it was my ac-ceptance letter to the University of Notre Dame that opened up the gates of opportunity for me. 
Last night, the beloved president 
emeritus of Notre Dame, Father Theo-dore Hesburgh, passed away at the age of 97. On his last day, Father Ted said Mass in the morning and passed away 12 hours later. He counseled Presidents and Popes, but he was first and fore-most a priest—one who ministered to the homeless, the poor, and those in need—and that is when he was also the happiest. 
We were so lucky to have him touch 
our lives, and those of us in Indiana were fortunate enough to experience him as our friend and neighbor. Nobody who ever walked the streets of South Bend could forget Father Ted driving around in his little Ford Mustang, giv-ing a wave to everybody he saw. 
Our country and the world is a better 
place because of Father Ted. He loved his God, his country, and Notre Dame, and he ministered to anyone who asked him for help. 
Father Hesburgh grew up near Syra-
cuse, NY, and was ordained and became a priest in 1943. He promptly asked that his first assignment as a priest be as the chaplain of a naval aircraft car-rier. The leaders of the Holy Cross reli-gious order were not surprised, as they knew of Father Ted’s great patriotism, his love of the U.S. Navy, and his devo-tion to our servicemembers. However, they asked him to stay at Notre Dame and minister to the families and serv-icemembers who were training at the time at Vetville at Notre Dame. As al-ways, Father Ted smiled, took the as-signment, and worked nonstop. That began a journey that included the Pres-idential Medal of Freedom, the Con-gressional Gold Medal, 16 Presidential appointments, and 150 honorary de-grees. But more important to Father 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:32 Feb 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27FE6.018 S27FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1194 February 27, 2015 
Ted than all of these awards were the 
millions of souls he nourished, said Mass with, prayed for, and guided to a wonderful life. 
When we look at Father Ted’s amaz-
ing accomplishments at Notre Dame, we can’t help but see what a stronger academic institution and better and more inclusive place it has become and that he left behind. Father Ted broke down the barriers and admitted women to Notre Dame back in the early 1970s, which changed the place forever and made Notre Dame a home for everyone. My wife and daughter, both of whom graduated from the university, were di-rect beneficiaries of his wisdom and his vision. 
Father Hesburgh stood up to Presi-
dents whenever necessary, stood to-gether with Martin Luther King for civil rights, and ministered to those in poverty and need every chance he could. 
Father Ted never gave a second 
thought about preaching truth to power; it helped to define who he was. We marked 50 years last July since he linked arms with Martin Luther King, Jr., in Soldier Field, Chicago, and sang ‘‘We Shall Overcome’’ when others turned down the invitation to be there. Father Ted believed in doing what was right, not what was easy. Next week I will travel to Selma for the 50th anni-versary of the start of the marches there, and I will take Father Ted’s ex-ample with me on that journey. 
He expected doing what is right and 
not what is easy or popular from his students as well. He had a big heart, and he wanted his students to do their best, but a lack of effort was never an acceptable way of doing business with Father Ted. As a student, I remember seeing his light on in his little dorm room with his iron cot at midnight or 2 a.m. Every student there knew that meant Father Ted was open for busi-ness. Students would stop by and seek a comforting word if a parent had just passed away or when worried about ‘‘How am I ever going to be able to pay the next tuition bill?’’ or when they looked at their grade point average and said ‘‘How am I ever going to be here for other reasons next semester?’’ or if they had personal heartbreaks. Father Ted was there for all of us to talk with. He wanted every student to know they were loved and cared about and special, just like the cooks and gardeners and professors and the people of Notre Dame he went up to, shook hands with, smiled at, and gave encouragement to every day. 
God bless you, Father Ted. I would 
never be here in the Senate without your kindness and your example. And there are Domers—as Notre Dame stu-dents are known—all over the world who know you helped give them the chance to open doors, to be given op-portunities, and to have a better life that never would have happened with-out you. 
There is a saying on the door of the 
Sacred Heart Basilica at the Univer-sity. It says, ‘‘God, Country, Notre 
Dame.’’ Father Hesburgh lived that every day. 
Madam President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Will the 
Senator withhold his request? 
Mr. DONNELLY. I will. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Florida. 
f 
VENEZUELA 
Mr. RUBIO. Madam President, I want 
to speak about the ongoing crisis in Venezuela—something that doesn’t capture a lot of attention in the head-lines because we have situations going on in the Middle East, as we have seen the horrifying reality of what ISIS is doing, just this week kidnapping more Christians. 
As we look at that situation in the 
Middle East, we should remind our-selves that there is a sectarian compo-nent to this that extends beyond ISIS’s desire to convert the entire region to their version of radical Sunni Islam, but it also includes driving out all the Christians from the Middle East, and that is why they are specifically being targeted for brutalization. We have seen it again this week, and our heart breaks; and it should move us to move even faster in our efforts to destroy them. We can do this. 
I also know the world’s attention is 
being paid to Ukraine where a delicate ceasefire is being violated by Russians, both Russian regular troops, by the way, who make incursions into Ukraine to fight side by side with rebel 
forces against the central government of Kiev, but also the weaponry that they continue to harm them with and the heavy shelling that at times comes across the border from Russia into Ukraine. 
These are significant issues we are 
being confronted with, and I under-stand why our attention is being paid to these things. But there is something happening in our own hemisphere that is not getting our attention, and I hope to use a few moments on the floor of the Senate to call attention to it, and that is the horrifying human rights ca-tastrophe of Venezuela. 
Venezuela is a rich country—rich in 
oil and rich in people. Its people are well-educated, hard-working, talented. It is the cradle of democracy in Latin America and in the Western Hemi-sphere; but over the last 3 years espe-cially it has spiraled downward and out of control. 
A once rich and prosperous nation 
has shortages of everyday goods from toilet paper to soap, with people having to wait in long lines. There is no U.S. embargo in Venezuela. There are no economic sanctions on Venezuela that they can blame on us or anyone else. It is due simply and entirely to the mis-management and incompetence of Nicolas Maduro, the clown who runs that country, and the thugs who sur-round him in his gangster-style govern-ment. Venezuela ostensibly portrays itself 
as a democracy but in reality it is not. The court system is completely con-trolled by the government of Maduro. The elections are constantly manipu-lated by Maduro. There is no freedom of the press. For example, the govern-ment gets unlimited hours to talk on television about whatever they want, 
and the opposition gets virtually none. Newspapers that oppose the govern-ment find that they cannot import newsprint—the actual paper—so they can’t print. Other media outlets have been either bought or the owners have been forced out of the country and been bought and turned over to owners more friendly to the government. The point is Venezuela is not a democracy, or is a democracy in name only. 
Beyond that, it is a government that 
is losing control and for the first time a few weeks ago or months ago author-ized the National Guard to use deadly force on protesters. So it should not surprise us that earlier this week a young man—a high school student— was shot and killed in one of those pro-tests, and we should expect to see more of this in the days and weeks to come, unfortunately. I hope I am wrong and pray that I am wrong, but I believe that is where they are headed, because there is no way out of this mess for the government. 
In fact, their situation is so dire that 
one of the things that has allowed them to keep the elite on the side of Maduro is the gas subsidy. Gasoline is very cheap in Venezuela because it is subsidized by the government. I predict over the next few weeks or months the Venezuelan Government is going to have to go to the people and say we have to take away the subsidy. And when that happens, Maduro may lose the support that is even around him. That is why he is being so careful about announcing it, but they are going to have to do it. There are no ifs, ands, or buts about it. And when they do, it could quickly spiral out of con-trol as well. 
There are reports of coup attempts 
internally, with some of the military starting to bristle at the heavy-hand-edness of this government there, and that is something worth watching. The point is Venezuela is spiraling out of control. We need to pay attention to this because it is happening in our own hemisphere. It is happening in our own backyard. It has the ability and the po-tential not just to dramatically impact the people of Venezuela, but the coun-tries of the region and even our own. I don’t think enough attention is being paid to this, while every single day the brutality continues. 
I called attention to this for the first 
time last year in February when the first wave of protests happened. We worked diligently to try to achieve sanctions on the individuals respon-sible for these human rights violations. Thanks to my colleagues here who were able to pass a bill that authorized the administration to impose sanctions 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:32 Feb 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27FE6.019 S27FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1195 February 27, 2015 
on individuals in Venezuela responsible 
for human rights violations. To date the administration has imposed visa bans on some of these individuals, but they have not taken the next step of economic sanctions on the people re-sponsible for these human rights viola-tions. 
A few weeks ago I wrote the Presi-
dent a letter asking him, please begin to use this tool against those who are violating the human rights of the peo-ple of Venezuela. He has yet to do so. So I once again renew that call: Please impose these sanctions on the human rights violators in Venezuela. 
I hope I can use these moments to de-
scribe to people what I am hearing from people inside Venezuela and the expat community in Florida. They feel as though no one is paying attention. They feel as though they have been abandoned. They feel as though they are alone. Every single day the news leads off with all these things hap-pening around the world—and they are worried about these things, too—but they feel as though no one is speaking out for them. They feel abandoned by all the other nations in the region. 
Where are all the governments of the 
Western Hemisphere? Where are all the other countries that are neighbors to Venezuela? Where is the Organization of American States? What is the point of even having that organization if it can’t serve as an institution and a forum for condemning this sort of ac-tivity? Where are all the democracies of Latin America and the Western Hemisphere? Why are they not speak-ing out and condemning what is hap-pening here? 
It is interesting, we sent a couple of 
Guantanamo detainees to Uruguay and the Uruguayan Government says they are asylum seekers, that they are refu-gees—basically implying they are refu-gees to American oppression. They have no qualms whatsoever about speaking out against the United States for putting in jail enemy combatants and terrorists responsible for the mur-der of Americans, responsible for acts of terrorism, responsible for supporting the Taliban. They have no problem condemning us, claiming that the peo-ple we released to them—which we should never have done—are refugees and asylum seekers, but they are silent and say nothing when it comes to what is happening in Venezuela. The hypoc-risy of it is unbelievable. 
I challenge the heads of state of the 
countries of Latin America to speak out. The only problem is they are going to turn back around and say, Where is your head of state? Why isn’t your President speaking out about it? The answer is, I don’t know. I am grateful that he signed that bill. It is time to put it in effect. It is time to begin to use the tools in those sanctions to go after these individuals, but I wish the White House and the President would more forcefully and more consistently speak out against these human rights violations that are occurring. When you think about it, why are the 
people of Venezuela feeling abandoned? They look to us. They see America as the beacon of hope. We are supposed to be the premier defender of human rights and freedom and democracy on the planet; and instead, from the White House and the President, there is si-lence. There is silence. 
We cannot lose that aspect of our for-
eign policy. I understand that reality has a significant role to play in foreign policy, the balancing of different con-siderations; but morality and human rights must always be a key corner-stone of where we stand on issues of global affairs. If we lose that, if we lose the moral authority of this Nation, we lose our standing as a beacon of hope and freedom to people all over the world. 
I know sometimes we read newspaper 
articles and these leaders criticize us. But I hope it is understood that al-though people may talk badly about America, even in places where there might be some resentment about America, at its core people admire America. They admire us because they know someone from there who came here and was able to achieve things they never could have done in their own homeland. They admire us because every time there is an earthquake, Americans are the first ones there. Every time there is a flood, Americans are the first ones to respond. Every time there is hunger or suffering, it is American charities and the American Government first on the scene. They remember that and they admire it and they admire us for it. 
They admire our freedoms. They ad-
mire our democracy. They admire the fact that I am able to stand here on the floor today and criticize the President of the United States and there isn’t some police officer outside that door ready to handcuff me and take me to jail. 
Meanwhile, in Venezuela, just this 
week a member of their legislative branch was ousted. Do you know why they kicked him out? So he could lose his legislative immunity and they could arrest him. Two weeks ago armed agents stormed the office of a mayor, fired shots in the air to disperse crowds and arrested by force a member of the opposition party—a mayor. This is hap-pening in our own hemisphere and this is happening in the 21st century. It was just two decades ago that the Western Hemisphere was full of dictators, right-wing and leftwing, strong men who controlled and oppressed their people. We paid a terrible price for that in this hemisphere and in this country. Then there was this opening of democratic progress in the region. Now it is start-ing to erode and we are standing by and saying nothing about it, as if it doesn’t even exist. 
You see it eroding in Nicaragua 
where the Sandinistas are back in charge. They won an election and then they used that power to erode democ-racy. You see it in Bolivia, you see it in Ecuador. You even see hints of it in 
Argentina. And you really see it in Venezuela. 
By the way, let me point out one 
more thing. Today, even as I speak to you, Cuban agents are here negoti-ating. I say Cuban agents. They dress as diplomats and act as diplomats, but in fact they are spies. In fact, the chief negotiator for the Cubans in these talks they are having with the State Department, Josefina Vidal, was asked to leave this country with her husband because her husband was an intel-ligence officer and she is known to be one as well. But these Cuban spies are here to negotiate with the State De-partment. They send spies. We send diplomats. 
Let’s not forget who has taught the 
Venezuelan Government these tactics of oppression, these violent tactics, these ways to crack down on society. Let’s not forget who has coached them. Let’s not forget there are thousands of Cuban agents working in the Govern-ment of Venezuela right now. Let’s not forget there are thousands of Cuban agents infiltrated in the Armed Forces—not infiltrated, they are open-ly in the Armed Forces of Venezuela right now. 
Let’s not forget that in Venezuela, 
Maduro, and before him Chavez, ousted 
the sovereignty of Venezuela to the Castros. Let’s not forget who the source of all of this in Venezuela truly was—who coached them, who taught them, who supported them, who pro-vided personnel for them to carry this out. It is Cuba, a nation that is a global sponsor of terrorism, because they har-bor fugitives from American justice, because they helped North Korea evade U.N. sanctions openly and nothing hap-pened. Now the State Department is thinking about removing them from the list of sponsors of terrorism—one concession after another. 
But, anyway, on the issue of Ven-
ezuela, I hope we will pay more atten-tion to it, because there are people right now suffering—not just economi-cally but politically and physically at the hands of a brutal regime. They are looking to America and its leaders to speak clearly that we are on their side, that we will speak out for them, that we will stand for them, and we will use the power of this government to go after and punish those who are com-mitting these crimes against them. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
P
ERDUE ). The clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
RECESS SUBJECT TO THE CALL OF 
THE CHAIR 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, the 
Senate is waiting for House action on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Feb 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27FE6.025 S27FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1196 February 27, 2015 
the DHS funding issue, and while that 
is occurring, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate stand in recess subject to the call of the Chair. 
There being no objection, the Senate, 
at 2:10 p.m., recessed subject to the call of the Chair and reassembled at 8:19 p.m. when called to order by the Pre-siding Officer (Mrs. C
APITO ). 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS 
IMMIGRATION POLICY MEMO-
RANDA ISSUED BY THE DEPART-MENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, 
the actions the Senate took today to fund the Department of Homeland Se-curity should not be construed to ac-cept, endorse, affirm or acquiesce in the memoranda issued by the Depart-ment related to immigration policy. A majority of the Senate has voted re-peatedly over the last few weeks to ad-vance legislation that would, if en-acted, prohibit the Department from implementing the policies reflected in those memoranda. I and my colleagues in the majority who voted to fund the Department today did so to avoid a shutdown of its operations, many of which are necessary to safeguard our Nation. In voting to fund the Depart-ment, we were also mindful of the fact that the policies and directives that are embodied in these memoranda, and to which we object, are the subject of a preliminary injunction issued by the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Texas, which is preventing the Department from implementing them. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO ARLENE AND ALAN 
ALDA 
Mr. LEAHY. Madam President, 
Marcelle and I met Arlene and Alan Alda on a trip with Senator Lloyd Bentsen. We had dinner together but I had a chance to talk to Alan Alda about our mutual Italian heritage. Later I told my Italian-American mother how nice a couple they were. She said, basically, what would I ex-pect? With an Italian background, they would have to be nice. 
The New York Times recently ran an 
article about this remarkable couple, focusing on her prolific writing, and his acting and writing, but especially their ability to maintain a wonderful mar-riage and a sense of life. I wanted to make sure my fellow Senators and any-body else who reads the C
ONGRESSIONAL  
RECORD would read this profile. I ask 
unanimous consent to have printed in the R
ECORD the article from the New 
York Times entitled ‘‘There’s Always Room for Rum Cake.’’ 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: [From the New York Times, Feb. 13, 2015] 
THERE ’SALWAYS ROOM FOR RUMCAKE 
(By Lois Smith Brady) 
Arlene Alda, 81, and her husband, the actor 
Alan Alda, 79, say that one secret to a long- lasting marriage (theirs has been going for almost 58 years) is forgetfulness, which comes naturally to them at this point. 
The Aldas, who discussed their decades to-
gether by telephone, with Ms. Alda also weighing in later by email, haven’t had a se-rious argument for the last 20 years, she said, primarily because they can no longer remember for very long whether they are angry with each other or why. 
‘‘I have a short memory, and so does he,’’ 
Ms. Alda said. ‘‘Was that always true? I don’t recall.’’ 
Both emanate warmth and thoughtfulness 
in the way of beloved English professors or concerned therapists. Mr. Alda, whose career in television and theater has been as remark-ably durable as his marriage, and Ms. Alda, a writer and photographer, possess laughs that are like old jeans: comfortable and well used. 
Ms. Alda said that laughter is ‘‘the real 
glue that keeps us happily and willingly stuck together.’’ They are definitely not the kind of couple who sit silently across the table from each other. ‘‘We’re both loud laughers,’’ she said. ‘‘Guffawing ones.’’ 
He said: ‘‘I have a very highfalutin notion 
about laughter. I think when you laugh you make yourself momentarily vulnerable. Your defenses are not up, and if you can stay in a playful mood, where you are susceptible to laughter, your chances of being antago-nistic with each other are lower.’’ 
In general, they do not seem to act their 
ages. She described a recent afternoon: ‘‘I have a blurb to write for someone’s book. I have soup I want to cook. I have a good chicken I want to roast. I have a book I’m reading that I want to finish. I have email correspondence. I have Facebook posts.’’ 
Her 19th book, ‘‘Just Kids From the 
Bronx,’’ a collection of vignettes about 65 noteworthy people who grew up in rough Bronx neighborhoods and escaped in their own idiosyncratic ways, is to be published next month. 
Ms. Alda, who grew up in the Bronx herself 
and is a Hunter College graduate, met Mr. Alda in 1956 while he was attending Fordham University. They connected at a dinner party on the Upper West Side when a rum cake ac-cidentally fell onto the kitchen floor and they were the only two guests who did not hesitate to eat it. 
‘‘He was a kindred spirit who was also 
funny, so there was this great chemistry,’’ she said. ‘‘It sure was fun and delightful to be with him that night. Boys from Manhat-tan didn’t date girls from the Bronx. That was a given. It was too long of a trip. He took me home to the Bronx. Unheard of.’’ 
Eleven months later, they were married in 
a modest ceremony (18 guests watched) that reflected their humble goals at the time. They mainly wanted to be able to pay the rent and not suffer as their parents had. 
‘‘There was a lot of unhappiness in my par-
ents’’ marriage partly because my mother was psychotic,’’ Mr. Alda said. ‘‘We were al-ready ahead of the game in that neither of us were seriously mentally ill.’’ 
Her parents had struggled financially and 
had no time for luxuries like dinner parties or showing affection for each other. ‘‘I want-ed something different,’’ she said. ‘‘I wanted something without stress.’’ 
So they filled their marriage with affec-
tion, music, dinner parties with artists and actors and celebrations of every paycheck. 
‘‘The first job I got was with a traveling 
children’s company where we had to lug our own scenery,’’ Mr. Alda said. ‘‘I got $10 a per-
formance, and we were so glad, we went out to get pizza to celebrate.’’ To this day, when-ever he gets a new acting job, they celebrate by sharing a pizza. 
Early on, they lived in Cleveland, where 
Eve, their first child, was born. He often read poetry and short stories aloud in the eve-nings. ‘‘I’d be stirring a pot of soup, and the baby would be sleeping, and he’d be reading to me,’’ Ms. Alda said. ‘‘It was a warmth that’s hard to describe.’’ 
They eventually had two more daughters, 
moved to Leonia, N.J., and discovered they had very different parenting styles. ‘‘I was the drill sergeant, and he liked to play with the kids,’’ she said. ‘‘These were disagree-ments we had to work out. How important is it for the kids to go to bed on time?’’ 
She added, ‘‘We would talk a lot and talk 
angrily. When you look back, you think, ’Why did I have to be angry?’’’ 
From 1972 to 1983, Mr. Alda commuted 
from New Jersey to Los Angeles to play the part of Dr. Hawkeye Pierce in the iconic tel-evision series ‘‘M*A*S*H.’’ Ms. Alda suddenly found herself juggling raising their girls with trying to spend time with a husband who was increasingly busy, famous and out of town. 
‘‘I was not a good juggler,’’ she said. ‘‘It all 
took energy, and I found that I had spurts of energy. Not sustained at all.’’ 
Not wanting to become ‘‘just an audience’’ 
for her husband, Ms. Alda worked harder on her own photography and writing projects. ‘‘I had my own drive,’’ she said. ‘‘One challenge of marriage is how to keep your sense of self yet be able to meld and blend with the other person.’’ She said that being married to a ce-lebrity ‘‘diminishes you, unless you feel real-ly secure in yourself.’’ 
‘‘I like basking in someone else’s glow,’’ 
she said, ‘‘but not as a daily diet.’’ 
Today, they live in an Upper West Side 
apartment and are practically inseparable. On Facebook, she mentions Mr. Alda in al-most every post, and they seem to be always headed out to a concert, play, lecture or reading. They even work on their separate writing projects together. 
Mr. Alda, who has written two memoirs, 
writes in the living room, while Ms. Alda works in the study. They keep all the doors open so they can talk back and forth, bounce ideas off each other or call out when it’s time to break for a meal. 
‘‘Most likely one of us will die first,’’ she 
said. ‘‘I can’t even contemplate what that might be for either of us. Meanwhile, we’re doing what we should be doing. Living.’’ 
Like many of the people profiled in ‘‘Just 
Kids From the Bronx,’’ Ms. Alda believes that success in life—and in marriage—is mostly a matter of luck. ‘‘Luck is in neon lights,’’ she said, adding that there is no way a couple can predict their future on their wedding day. 
Both Aldas said it was especially lucky 
that they have never grown bored of each other and that they didn’t remain penniless forever. ‘‘I really do believe that scraping by can damage a person and can damage a rela-tionship,’’ he said. ‘‘We have a lot of advan-tages. We know how lucky we are. I don’t think anybody can tell you how happy we’d be if we were still scraping by.’’ 
They have a house in the Hamptons and 
drink really good wine, but otherwise they don’t live particularly large. Both dress in the comfortable baggy clothes of struggling writers and have remained frugal and reluc-
tant to waste anything. 
‘‘That’s never changed,’’ she said. ‘‘We are 
definitely still those two people who would eat the cake off the floor.’’ 
f 
VOTE EXPLANATION 
∑Mrs. BOXER. Madam President, be-
cause I was helping a family member 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Feb 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27FE6.027 S27FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1197 February 27, 2015 
recover from recent surgery, I was un-
able to attend rollcall votes Nos. 59 through 63. 
Had I been present for these votes, I 
would have voted in favor of the clo-ture motion on H.R. 240; against the motion to table S. Amendment No. 258; in favor of S. Amendment No. 255; and in favor of H.R. 240, the clean Depart-ment of Homeland Security Appropria-tions bill. 
I would have also opposed the cloture 
motion to proceed to S. 534 because this legislation would be destructive to families and our economy. ∑ 
f 
U.S. ARMY CORPS OF ENGINEERS 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Madam President, 
I ask unanimous consent to have print-ed in the R
ECORD a copy of my remarks 
at the Senate Appropriations Sub-committee on Energy and Water Devel-opment. 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
U.S. A RMYCORPS OF ENGINEERS  
This is the first hearing of not only our 
subcommittee but the entire Senate Appro-priations Committee. 
How’s that Senator Feinstein? We’re the 
early bird, and I want to say at the outset what a privilege it’s been to work with the Senator from California over the last few years. She’s been chairman, and I’ve been ranking member. Our seats have switched, but the relationship hasn’t changed. I look forward to treating her with at least as much courtesy as she’s always treated me. Let’s see if I can outdo her because it’s a treat to work with somebody who’s capable of mak-ing a decision, expressing herself well and easy to work with. So, Senator Feinstein I look forward to our continued relationship. 
This morning we’re having a hearing to re-
view the president’s fiscal year 2016 budget request for the U.S. Army Corp of Engineers and the Bureau of Reclamation, which is part of the Department of Interior. 
Senator Feinstein and I will each have an 
opening statement and then each senator may have up to five minutes for an opening statement in the order in which they ar-rived. Senator Graham has let me know that he has a 3 o’clock hearing, so if the senators don’t mind I’ll try to work him in before 3 o’clock as a courtesy to him. We’ll then turn to the witnesses for their testimony. Each witness will have five minutes. We’d appre-ciate your summarizing your testimony in that time. We’ll include their full state-ments in the record. And then, senators will be recognized for five minutes of questions in the order in which they arrived. 
I want to thank the witnesses for being 
here today and thank Senator Feinstein for working with me on this. Our witnesses in-clude Jo-Ellen Darcy, the Assistant Sec-retary of the Army for Civil Works. Welcome Assistant Secretary Darcy. Estevan Lopez, Commissioner for the Bureau of Reclama-tion. Mr. Lopez, welcome. Jennifer Gimbel, the Principle Deputy Assistant Secretary for Water and Science. That’s a long title, nice to see you. And Lieutenant General Thomas P. Bostick, Chief of Engineers for the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers. 
Governing is about setting priorities, and 
unfortunately, the president’s budget re-quest for these agencies shows a failure to do so. 
The president’s overall budget proposes 
spending that exceeds the budget caps estab-lished by the Budget Control Act of 2011 by 
about $74 billion. And one of the priorities the president often speaks about often is our nation’s infrastructure. 
Yet despite all that proposed new spending 
and all that talk, this proposal cuts the Corps’ budget by $751 million, or about 14 percent below last year’s actual spending level. This budget proposes cutting the Corps’ funding to the actual level of spending in 2007—we are literally moving backward, on an agency that is crucial to maintaining our country’s infrastructure. 
The reason this is such a problem is that 
the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers touches the lives of almost every American. The Corps maintains our inland waterways, it deepens and keeps our ports open, looks after many of our recreational waters and land, manages the river levels to prevent flooding, and its dams provide emission-free, renew-able hydroelectric energy. 
All of these activities attract the intense 
interest of the American people, and of their United States senators. I can recall when, I was a member of the Environmental and Public Works Committee, after the Missouri and Mississippi rivers flooded four years ago, a whole room full of senators showed up to ask for more money to deal with what went wrong and what went right with disaster re-lief efforts. So, there’s a real interest in these proposals. 
The reality is that for all the Corps does 
there are many things it could do better, and setting priorities in our spending is one way to better invest taxpayer dollars. 
An important example of the administra-
tion’s failure to set priorities in my home state of Tennessee is the lack of any funds in the president’s budget request to restart re-placement of Chickamauga Lock. Congress has done its job the last three years to move ahead promptly on replacing Chickamauga Lock, and it’s disappointing the Obama ad-ministration has failed to do its job. 
Here’s what we’ve done. Congress, first, 
passed a law that reduced the amount of money that comes from the Inland Water-ways Trust Fund to replace Olmsted Lock, a project in Illinois and Kentucky that was soaking up almost all of the money that is available for inland waterway projects. Sec-ond, Congress worked with the commercial waterways industry to establish a priority list for projects that needed to be funded, on which Chickamauga ranks near the top, in fourth place. And third, just this past year, working together, we enacted a user fee in-crease that commercial barge owners asked to pay in order to provide more money to re-place locks and dams across the country, in-cluding Chickamauga Lock. 
These are three extremely important steps 
to give our country the inland waterways that we need. These three things taken to-gether should make it possible for the Corps of Engineers to move rapidly to begin to re-place Chickamauga Lock. The problem with Chickamauga Lock is it’s made of aging con-crete and could fail if we don’t replace it. In fact, in October of last year, the lock was closed for several days to all navigation traf-fic for emergency repairs after an inspection revealed cracks in the concrete. 
This project’s not just important to Chat-
tanooga, but to all of Eastern Tennessee be-
cause of the number of jobs affected. We’re almost out of time for a solution—the lock could close in a few years unless progress is made. If this happens it would throw 150,000 trucks on Interstate 75, it would increase the cost of shipping to the Oak Ridge National Laboratory, the weapons complex and to manufacturers across the state. 
So you can see how Chickamauga Lock— 
and other projects like it across the coun-try—ought to be a priority, and why the Corps’ budget should make it a priority. In addition to the Corps, we fund the Bu-
reau of Reclamation. 
The Bureau of Reclamation delivers water 
to one in five Western farmers, irrigating 10- million acres of some of the most productive agricultural land in the world. 
I would note that this is the first time that 
Commissioner Lopez and Assistant Secretary Gimbel have appeared before this sub-committee, and we welcome them both. 
Without the infrastructure that these two 
agencies provide, our nation would be vastly different. With that in mind, we are here today to discuss the administration’s fiscal year 2016 budget request for these both agen-cies. I look forward to the testimony. 
Before I turn to Senator Feinstein for her 
statement, I would like to note that this is Roger Cockrell’s last hearing, at least the last one he’ll attend in his capacity with us as a staff member of the Senate Appropria-tions Committee. He’s retiring at the end of the month, and we’re going to miss him. For the past 14 budget cycles, senators on the subcommittee, whether republicans or demo-crats, have been well-served by Roger’s ex-pertise on both the Corps of Engineers and the Bureau of Reclamation. It’s hard to think of anyone inside or outside of Wash-ington who matches Roger in knowledge or experience—and it is hard to think of a water resources bill that hasn’t benefited from his guidance. So, Roger on behalf of the subcommittee, I wish to thank you for your service over these many years and wish your family best in your retirement. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE VICTIMS OF 
THE SUMGAIT POGROMS 
Mr. PETERS. Madam President, I 
wish to recognize the victims of the mass murder of Armenians 27 years ago during the state-sponsored pogroms in Sumgait, Azerbaijan. 
The citizens of Nagorno Karabakh 
peacefully petitioned to be reunited with Soviet Armenia and spoke out against the arbitrary borders estab-lished by Joseph Stalin and the Soviet Union. This democratic exercise of free speech expressing a natural desire for self-determination was met with 3 days of violence and brutality against Arme-nian civilians, who were hunted down in their homes. Security forces in So-viet Azerbaijan turned a blind eye, al-lowing the mass murder of Armenians in a futile attempt to defeat this move-ment. The massacres of Armenians did not stop in Sumgait but were followed in other Azerbaijani towns such as Kirovabad in November 1988 and the capital Baku in January 1990. The U.S. Congress strongly condemned these massacres at that time. Hundreds of thousands of Armenians fled Azer-baijan, many finding their home in my State of Michigan, where there is a monument to the victims of the Sumgait massacres. 
True democracies must respect the 
rights of the minority, allow citizens to peacefully speak freely, and protect the human rights of all residents. The people of Nagorno Karabakh and the victims of this senseless massacre played a critical role in promoting a democracy movement which helped to end the Soviet Union. 
Today, I remember the victims and 
ask my colleagues and the American 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:09 Feb 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27FE6.034 S27FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1198 February 27, 2015 
people to join me in honoring their 
memories. 
f 
COMMITTEE ON THE BUDGET 
RULES OF PROCEDURE 
Mr. ENZI. Madam President, the 
Committee on the Budget has adopted rules governing its procedures for the 114th Congress. Pursuant to rule XXVI, paragraph 2, of the Standing Rules of the Senate, on behalf of myself and Senator S
ANDERS , I ask unanimous 
consent to have printed in the R ECORD  
a copy of the committee rules of proce-dure. 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
Committee on the Budget Rules of Procedure 
I. MEETINGS  
(1) The committee shall hold its regular 
meeting on the first Thursday of each month. Additional meetings may be called by the chair as the chair deems necessary to expedite committee business. 
(2) Each meeting of the committee, includ-
ing meetings to conduct hearings, shall be open to the public, except that a portion or portions of any such meeting may be closed to the public if the committee determines by record vote in open session of a majority of the members of the committee present that the matters to be discussed or the testimony to be taken at such portion or portions— 
(a) will disclose matters necessary to be 
kept secret in the interests of national de-fense or the confidential conduct of the for-eign relations of the United States; 
(b) will relate solely to matters of the com-
mittee staff personnel or internal staff man-agement or procedure; 
(c) will tend to charge an individual with 
crime or misconduct, to disgrace or injure the professional standing of an individual, or otherwise to expose an individual to public contempt or obloquy, or will represent a clearly unwarranted invasion of the privacy of an individual; 
(d) will disclose the identity of any in-
former or law enforcement agent or will dis-close any information relating to the inves-tigation or prosecution of a criminal offense that is required to be kept secret in the in-terests of effective law enforcement; or 
(e) will disclose information relating to the 
trade secrets or financial or commercial in-formation pertaining specifically to a given person if— 
(i) an act of Congress requires the informa-
tion to be kept confidential by Government officers and employees; or 
(ii) the information has been obtained by 
the Government on a confidential basis, other than through an application by such person for a specific Government financial or other benefit, and is required to be kept se-cret in order to prevent undue injury to the competitive position of such person. 
(f) may divulge matters required to be kept 
confidential under other provisions of law or Government regulations. 
(3) Notice of, and the agenda for, any busi-
ness meeting or markup shall be provided to each member and made available to the pub-lic at least 72 hours prior to such meeting or markup. 
II. ORDER OF RECOGNITION  
Those members who are present at the 
start of any meeting of the committee in-cluding meetings to conduct hearings, shall be recognized in order of seniority based on time served as a member of the committee. 
Any members arriving after the start of the meeting shall be recognized, in order of ap-pearance, after the most junior member. 
III. QUORUMS AND VOTING  
(1) Except as provided in paragraphs (2) and 
(3) of this section, a quorum for the trans-action of committee business shall consist of not less than one-third of the membership of the entire committee: Provided, that proxies shall not be counted in making a quorum. 
(2) A majority of the committee shall con-
stitute a quorum for reporting budget resolu-tions, legislative measures or recommenda-tions: Provided, that proxies shall not be counted in making a quorum. 
(3) For the purpose of taking sworn or 
unsworn testimony, a quorum of the com-mittee shall consist of one Senator. 
(4) (a) The committee may poll— (i) internal committee matters including 
those concerning the committee’s staff, records, and budget; 
(ii) steps in an investigation, including 
issuance of subpoenas, applications for im-munity orders, and requests for documents from agencies; and 
(iii) other committee business that the 
committee has designated for polling at a meeting, except that the committee may not vote by poll on reporting to the Senate any measure, matter, or recommendation, and may not vote by poll on closing a meeting or hearing to the public. 
(b) To conduct a poll, the chair shall cir-
culate polling sheets to each member speci-fying the matter being polled and the time limit for completion of the poll. If any mem-ber requests, the matter shall be held for a meeting rather than being polled. The chief clerk shall keep a record of polls; if the com-mittee determines by record vote in open session of a majority of the members of the committee present that the polled matter is one of those enumerated in rule I(2)(a)–(e), then the record of the poll shall be confiden-tial. Any member may move at the com-mittee meeting following a poll for a vote on the polled decision. 
IV. PROXIES  
When a record vote is taken in the com-
mittee on any bill, resolution, amendment, or any other question, a quorum being present, a member who is unable to attend the meeting may vote by proxy if the absent member has been informed of the matter on which the vote is being recorded and has af-firmatively requested to be so recorded; ex-cept that no member may vote by proxy dur-ing the deliberations on Budget Resolutions. 
V. HEARINGS AND HEARING PROCEDURES  
(1) The committee shall make public an-
nouncement of the date, place, time, and subject matter of any hearing to be con-ducted on any measure or matter at least 1 week in advance of such hearing, unless the chair and ranking member determine that there is good cause to begin such hearing at an earlier date. 
(2) At least 24 hours prior to the scheduled 
start time of the hearing, a witness appear-ing before the committee shall file a written statement of proposed testimony with the chief clerk who is responsible for circulating the proposed testimony to all members at the same time. The requirement that a wit-ness submit testimony 24 hours prior to a hearing may be waived by the chair and the ranking member, following their determina-tion that there is good cause for the failure of compliance. 
VI. COMMITTEE REPORTS  
(1) When the committee has ordered a 
measure or recommendation reported, fol-lowing final action, the report thereon shall be filed in the Senate at the earliest prac-ticable time. (2) A member of the committee, who gives 
notice of an intention to file supplemental, minority, or additional views at the time of final committee approval of a measure or matter, shall be entitled to not less than 3 calendar days in which to file such views, in writing, with the chief clerk of the com-mittee. Such views shall then be included in the committee report and printed in the same volume, as a part thereof, and their in-clusions shall be noted on the cover of the report. In the absence of timely notice, the committee report may be filed and printed immediately without such views. 
VII. USE OF DISPLAY MATERIALS IN COMMITTEE  
Committee members may use the elec-
tronic display system provided in the com-mittee hearing room or physical graphic dis-plays during any meetings or hearings of the committee. Physical graphic displays are limited to the following: 
Charts, photographs, or renderings: Size: no larger than 36 inches by 48 inches. Where: on an easel stand next to the mem-
ber’s seat or at the rear of the committee room. 
When: only at the time the member is 
speaking. 
Number: no more than two may be dis-
played at a time. 
VIII. CONFIRMATION STANDARDS AND  
PROCEDURES  
(1) Standards. In considering a nomination, 
the committee shall inquire into the nomi-nee’s experience, qualifications, suitability, and integrity to serve in the position to which he or she has been nominated. The committee shall recommend confirmation if it finds that the nominee has the necessary integrity and is affirmatively qualified by reason of training, education, or experience to carry out the functions of the office to which he or she was nominated. 
(2) Information Concerning the Nominee. 
Each nominee shall submit the following in-formation to the chief clerk, who will dis-tribute to the chairman and ranking member at the same time: 
(a) A detailed biographical resume which 
contains information concerning education, employment, and background which gen-erally relates to the position to which the in-dividual is nominated, and which is to be made public; 
(b) Information concerning financial and 
other background of the nominee which is to be made public; provided, that financial in-formation that does not relate to the nomi-nee’s qualifications to hold the position to which the individual is nominated, tax re-turns or reports prepared by federal agencies that may be submitted by the nominee shall, after review by the chair, ranking member, or any other member of the committee upon request, be maintained in a manner to en-sure confidentiality; and, 
(c) Copies of other relevant documents and 
responses to questions as the committee may so request, such as responses to questions concerning the policies and programs the nominee intends to pursue upon taking of-fice. 
(3) Report on the Nominee. After a review 
of all information pertinent to the nomina-tion, a confidential report on the nominee may be prepared by the committee staff for the chair, the ranking member and, upon re-quest, for any other member of the com-mittee. The report shall summarize the steps taken and the results of the committee in-quiry, including any unresolved matters that have been raised during the course of the in-quiry. 
(4) Hearings. The committee shall conduct 
a hearing during which the nominee shall be called to testify under oath on all matters relating to his or her suitability for office, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:09 Feb 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27FE6.002 S27FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1199 February 27, 2015 
including the policies and programs which he 
or she would pursue while in that position. No hearing or meeting to consider the con-firmation shall be held until at least 72 hours after the following events have occurred: the nominee has responded to the requirements set forth in subsection (2), and, if a report de-scribed in subsection (3) has been prepared, it has been presented to the chairman and ranking member, and is available to other members of the committee, upon request. 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
RECOGNIZING ELIJAH M CCOY 
∑Mr. PETERS. Madam President, I 
ask my colleagues to join me in recog-nizing Elijah McCoy in honor of Black History Month. Mr. McCoy was a 19th- century African-American inventor whose innovation was crucial to our modern-day transportation system. 
Throughout the month of February, 
we come together as Michiganders and as Americans to celebrate Black His-tory Month and reflect on the tremen-dous contributions African Americans have made to our country. African Americans have helped shape and en-rich our communities, and their many contributions serve as a constant re-minder that diversity is one of our country’s greatest strengths. 
Elijah McCoy was born in Ontario, 
Canada, to fugitive slaves who had es-caped to Canada through the Under-ground Railroad. Showing an interest in engineering from a young age, Mr. McCoy traveled to Scotland at the age of 15, where he took an apprenticeship in mechanical engineering. When he re-turned to the United States, racial bar-riers prevented him from finding work. Mr. McCoy then became a fireman and oiler for the Michigan Central Rail-road. Through this job, he developed his major invention. 
Through analyzing the system of oil-
ing axes, Mr. McCoy came up with a lu-bricating cup that evenly distributed oil over the engine’s moving parts. He was granted a patent for his invention, thus allowing trains to run continu-ously for long periods of time. Railroad engineers came to ask for this equip-ment by name, requesting ‘‘the real McCoy’’ system—a term used to this day to describe quality and originality. Receiving approximately 60 patents throughout the course of his life, Mr. McCoy later formed the Elijah McCoy Manufacturing Company and changed the course of transportation history. Mr. McCoy is an example of true inno-vation and ingenuity. Elijah McCoy is buried at the Detroit Memorial Park East in Warren, MI, and it is fitting that we honored his legacy by naming the U.S. Patent and Trademark sat-ellite office in Detroit after him. 
As we observe Black History Month, 
we should take a moment to recognize how far we have come as a nation and yet how far we still have to go as we work together to achieve true equality. The civil rights movement changed the course of our Nation’s history for the better and left a lasting legacy that 
touches our lives every day. In honor of Black History Month, let us recommit ourselves to the goal of making Amer-ica a place where anyone who works hard and plays by the rules has the op-portunity to succeed. As we continue to work toward equality, we must carry that legacy forward. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO GENERAL HANSON 
SCOTT 
∑Mr. UDALL. Madam President, in my 
State of New Mexico, we are proud to be home to some of the finest military bases in the Nation. We are home to White Sands Missile Range, Kirtland Air Force Base, Holloman Air Force Base, and Cannon Air Force Base. New Mexicans have a great heritage of serv-ice in the Armed Forces, and our State’s military installations play a key role in the Nation’s national de-fense. 
Today, I wish to express my thanks, 
and the thanks of all New Mexicans, to General Hanson Scott, who retired on January 30th, after many years of an illustrious career, both in active mili-tary service and in civilian life. He is a son of New Mexico, and a credit to our State. 
General Scott is originally from Re-
serve, NM. He attended New Mexico State University, prior to receiving an appointment to the U.S. Air Force Academy, from which he graduated in 1961. During his 30 years in the Air Force, he served with great distinction, including as commander of the 463rd Tactical Airlift Wing, Dyess Air Force Base; the 1st Special Operations Wing, Hurlbut Field; and Special Operations Command Pacific, Camp H. M. Smith. 
Following his retirement from the 
Air Force, General Scott continued to lead as the director of the New Mexico Office of Military Base Planning and Support, reporting to the Governor and the Lieutenant Governor. As director, he had the important responsibility of addressing State-level issues in support of New Mexico’s military installations and supporting the New Mexico Mili-tary Base Planning Commission. 
During the last BRAC round, General 
Scott played a key role in supporting Operation Keep Cannon, as Cannon was saved from closure by determined State and community efforts. I was proud to work with him during this ef-fort. When the BRAC Commission made the decision to place Cannon in enclave status, his team worked hard to ensure that a new mission would be identified for Cannon. As a result, the Air Force Special Operations Command made the decision to locate the 27th Special Operations Wing at Cannon. The wisdom of this decision cannot be denied. Today, pilots from the 27th SOW can take advantage of New Mexi-co’s outstanding airspace as they pre-pare to carry out the country’s na-tional security priorities. 
Prior to his appointment as the di-
rector of the Office of Military Base Planning and Support, General Scott 
was the executive director of the Office for Space Commercialization, New Mexico Economic Development Depart-ment, and director of aviation for the city of Albuquerque, NM. He also was a member of the steering committee of the Kirtland Air Force Base Retention Task Force, working with community leaders and the New Mexico congres-sional delegation in preventing a sig-nificant realignment of the base. 
General Hanson Scott has led a life of 
service and commitment. He has prov-en his dedication to our military and the defense of our Nation time and again. That dedication has required tremendous determination, tireless ef-fort, and, at times, personal sacrifice. It has meant getting up at 3 a.m. to make the roundtrip from Albuquerque to White Sands or Holloman in 1 day. It has meant manning the phones, in all time zones, sometimes while walk-ing his dog Barney. Most of all, throughout his career, it has meant trying to do what is best for New Mex-ico and for the men and women of our Armed Forces. 
It is a privilege to say here today, to 
General Hanson Scott, thank you. Thank you for a job well done. Thank you for your service. I wish you all the best in your future endeavors. ∑ 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE 
At 7:03 p.m., a message from the 
House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the House disagree to the amendment of the Senate to the bill (H.R. 240) making appropriations for the Department of Homeland Secu-rity for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2015, and for other purposes, and ask a conference with the Senate on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses thereon. 
f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER 
COMMUNICATIONS 
The following communications were 
laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–790. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Clothianidin; Pesticide Tolerances’’ (FRL No. 9919–59) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 24, 2015; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nu-trition, and Forestry. 
EC–791. A communication from the Under 
Secretary of Defense (Acquisition, Tech-nology and Logistics), transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a report relative to the oper-ations of the National Defense Stockpile (NDS) for fiscal year 2014; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
EC–792. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary of Defense (Homeland Defense and Global Security), transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Cooperative Threat Reduction Annual Report to Congress for Fiscal Year 2016’’; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Feb 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27FE6.024 S27FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1200 February 27, 2015 
EC–793. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary for Export Administration, Bureau of Industry and Security, Depart-ment of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Addi-
tion of Certain Persons to the Entity List; and Removal of Person From the Entity List Based on a Removal Request’’ (RIN0694– AG46) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 26, 2015; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–794. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Helicopters (Pre-viously Eurocopter France)’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2015–0049)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on Feb-ruary 25, 2015; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–795. A communication from the Acting 
Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Pacific Cod by Pot Catcher/Proc-essors in the Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands Management Area’’ (RIN0648–XD758) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 24, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–796. A communication from the Acting 
Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Reallocation of Pacific Cod in the Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands Manage-ment Area’’ (RIN0648–XD725) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on Feb-ruary 25, 2015; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–797. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Ohio; PSD Infrastructure SIP Requirements for the 2008 Lead, 2008 Ozone, 2010 NO2, and 2010 SO2 NAAQS’’ (FRL No. 9923–48–Region 5) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 24, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–798. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Ohio; Trans-portation Conformity’’ (FRL No. 9923–45–Re-gion 5) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 24, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–799. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Imple-mentation Plans; Mississippi; Infrastructure Requirements for the 2008 8-Hour Ozone Na-tional Ambient Air Quality Standards’’ (FRL No. 9923–55–Region 4) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 24, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–800. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Imple-mentation Plans; South Carolina; Infrastruc-ture Requirements for the 2008 8-Hour Ozone National Ambient Air Quality Standards’’ (FRL No. 9923–56–Region 4) received in the 
Office of the President of the Senate on Feb-ruary 24, 2015; to the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works. 
EC–801. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Direct Final Approval of Other Solid Waste Incineration Units State Plan for Des-ignated Facilities and Pollutants: Indiana’’ (FRL No. 9923–35–Region 5) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on Feb-ruary 24, 2015; to the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works. 
EC–802. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Implementation of the 2008 National Ambient Air Quality Standards for Ozone: State Implementation Plan Requirements’’ ((RIN2060–AR34) (FRL No. 9917–29–OAR)) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 24, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–803. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘National Emission Standards for Haz-ardous Air Pollutants; Delegation of Author-ity to Oklahoma’’ (FRL No. 9923–22–Region 6) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 24, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–804. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘New Source Performance Standards and National Emission Standards for Haz-ardous Air Pollutants; Delegation of Author-ity to Louisiana’’ (FRL No. 9923–11–Region 6) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 24, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–805. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Promulgation of State Air Quality Implementation Plans for Designated Facili-ties and Pollutants: Colorado, Montana, North Dakota, South Dakota, Utah, and Wy-oming; Negative Declarations; Control of Emissions from Existing Sewage Sludge In-cineration Units’’ (FRL No. 9923–40–Region 8) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 24, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–806. A communication from the Chief of 
the Publications and Regulations Branch, In-ternal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Foreign Tax Credit Splitting Events’’ ((RIN1545–BK50) (TD 9710)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 25, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Finance. 
EC–807. A communication from the Chief of 
the Publications and Regulations Branch, In-ternal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Work Opportunity Tax Credit (WOTC) Extension for 2014’’ (No-tice 2015–13) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 25, 2015; to the Committee on Finance. 
EC–808. A communication from the Chief of 
the Publications and Regulations Branch, In-ternal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Small Business Modifications to Tangibles Method Changes’’ (Rev. Proc. 2015–20) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 25, 2015; to the Committee on Finance. EC–809. A communication from the Chief of 
the Publications and Regulations Branch, In-ternal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Applicable Federal Rates—March 2015’’ (Rev. Rul. 2015–4) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 25, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Finance. 
EC–810. A communication from the Chief of 
the Publications and Regulations Branch, In-ternal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Section 4980I—Ex-cise Tax on High Cost Employer-Sponsored Health Coverage’’ (Notice 2015–16) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 25, 2015; to the Committee on Fi-nance. 
EC–811. A communication from the Assist-
ant General Counsel for Legislation, Regula-tion and Energy Efficiency, National Nuclear Security Administration, Department of En-ergy, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Assistance to For-eign Atomic Energy Activities’’ (RIN1994– AA02) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 24, 2015; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
EC–812. A communication from the Deputy 
Director, Administration for Children and Families, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Head Start Pro-gram’’ (RIN0970–AC46) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 25, 2015; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. 
EC–813. A communication from the Direc-
tor, National Science Foundation, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the Uniform Resource Locator (URL) for the Foundation’s fiscal year 2014 Agency Financial Report; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. 
f 
EXECUTIVE REPORTS OF 
COMMITTEE 
The following executive reports of 
nominations were submitted: 
By Mr. M CCAIN for the Committee on 
Armed Services. 
Air Force nominations beginning with 
Brig. Gen. Nina M. Armagno and ending with Brig. Gen. Sarah E. Zabel, which nomina-tions were received by the Senate and ap-peared in the Congressional Record on Feb-ruary 4, 2015. 
Air Force nomination of Col. Christopher 
A. Coffelt, to be Brigadier General. 
Air Force nomination of Col. Jeffrey A. 
Kruse, to be Brigadier General. 
Air Force nominations beginning with 
Brig. Gen. Abel Barrientes and ending with Brig. Gen. Richard W. Scobee, which nomina-tions were received by the Senate and ap-peared in the Congressional Record on Feb-ruary 4, 2015. 
Air Force nomination of Brig. Gen. Dixie 
A. Morrow, to be Major General. 
Air Force nominations beginning with 
Brig. Gen. Leonard W. Isabelle, Jr. and end-ing with Brig. Gen. Sami D. Said, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on February 4, 2015. 
Air Force nomination of Col. Jay N. 
Selanders, to be Brigadier General. 
Air Force nomination of Col. Todd M. 
Audet, to be Brigadier General. 
Air Force nomination of Col. Arthur E. 
Jackman, Jr., to be Brigadier General. 
Air Force nominations beginning with Col. 
Vito E. Addabbo and ending with Col. John B. Williams, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on February 4, 2015. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Feb 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27FE6.007 S27FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1201 February 27, 2015 
Air Force nominations beginning with Col. 
Johnny S. Lizama and ending with Col. Scott A. Young, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on February 4, 2015. 
Air Force nomination of Lt. Gen. Ellen M. 
Pawlikowski, to be General. 
Air Force nomination of Col. William M. 
Knight, to be Brigadier General. 
Air Force nomination of Maj. Gen. John B. 
Cooper, to be Lieutenant General. 
Air Force nomination of Brig. Gen. John L. 
Dolan, to be Lieutenant General. 
Air Force nomination of Maj. Gen. Lee K. 
Levy II, to be Lieutenant General. 
Army nomination of Lt. Gen. Kenneth E. 
Tovo, to be Lieutenant General. 
Mr. M CCAIN. Mr. President, for the 
Committee on Armed Services I report favorably the following nomination lists which were printed in the R
ECORD  
on the dates indicated, and ask unani-mous consent, to save the expense of reprinting on the Executive Calendar that these nominations lie at the Sec-retary’s desk for the information of Senators . 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Air Force nomination of Mark E. 
Heatherly, to be Colonel. 
Air Force nominations beginning with 
Karis K. Graham and ending with Marvin Williams, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on January 26, 2015. 
Air Force nominations beginning with 
Jesus A. Flores and ending with Robert C. Goldtrap, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on January 26, 2015. 
Air Force nominations beginning with 
Erica R. Austin and ending with Richard G. Stephenson, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on January 26, 2015. 
Air Force nominations beginning with Ge-
rard Irvelt Bazile and ending with Frederick L. Yost, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on January 26, 2015. 
Air Force nomination of Stephen L. Nel-
son, Jr., to be Colonel. 
Air Force nominations beginning with 
Mary J. Abernethy and ending with Karen B. Steiner, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on January 26, 2015. 
Air Force nominations beginning with Mi-
chael D. Ayres and ending with Michelle L. Wagner, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on January 26, 2015. 
Air Force nominations beginning with 
Laura J. Mcwhirter and ending with Gregg E. Wentworth, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on January 26, 2015. 
Air Force nomination of Nicholas J. Zim-
merman, to be Major. 
Air Force nomination of Eric M. 
Chumbley, to be Lieutenant Colonel. 
Air Force nomination of Scott L. Wilson, 
to be Major. 
Air Force nomination of Kirsten E. 
Delambo, to be Major. 
Air Force nominations beginning with 
Salvatore Pelligra and ending with Rebecca A. Bird, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on January 29, 2015. 
Air Force nomination of Dell P. Dunn, to 
be Major. 
Air Force nomination of Latrise P. 
Searson-Norris, to be Major. 
Air Force nomination of Jeffrey B. Krutoy, 
to be Major. Army nomination of John P. Hartke, to be 
Colonel. 
Army nomination of Fred J. Burpo, to be 
Colonel. 
Army nomination of Paul A. Brisson, to be 
Colonel. 
Army nomination of Mikelle J. Adamczyk, 
to be Major. 
Army nomination of Robert G. Hale, to be 
Colonel. 
Army nomination of John M. Gillis, to be 
Major. 
Army nomination of Andre M. Takacs, to 
be Major. 
Army nomination of Ines H. Berger, to be 
Lieutenant Colonel. 
Marine Corps nominations beginning with 
Jermaine M. Cadogan and ending with Aus-tin E. Wren, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on January 26, 2015. 
Marine Corps nominations beginning with 
Anthony K. Alejandre and ending with Jona-than R. Risser, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on January 26, 2015. 
Marine Corps nominations beginning with 
Paul M. Herrle and ending with Robert W. Puckett, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on January 26, 2015. 
Marine Corps nominations beginning with 
Jay B. Durham and ending with Andrew K. Law, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on January 26, 2015. 
Marine Corps nominations beginning with 
Daniel H. Cusinato and ending with William C. Volz, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on January 26, 2015. 
Marine Corps nomination of Ryan M. 
Cleveland, to be Major. 
Marine Corps nominations beginning with 
Nicholas K. Ellis and ending with Kolleen L. Young, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on January 26, 2015. 
Marine Corps nomination of Jonathan L. 
Riggs, to be Lieutenant Colonel. 
Marine Corps nominations beginning with 
Brett D. Abbamonte and ending with Jason E. Zelley, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on January 26, 2015. 
Marine Corps nomination of David C. 
Walsh, to be Colonel. 
Marine Corps nomination of Scott W. Zim-
merman, to be Lieutenant Colonel. 
Navy nominations beginning with Alyssa 
B. Y. Armstrong and ending with Kari E. Yakubisin, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on January 26, 2015. 
Navy nomination of Rachel A. Passmore, 
to be Lieutenant Commander. 
Navy nominations beginning with Justin 
R. Miller and ending with James R. Saullo, which nominations were received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record on January 29, 2015. 
Navy nomination of Candida A. Ferguson, 
to be Lieutenant Commander. 
Navy nomination of Richard R. Barber, to 
be Commander. 
Navy nomination of Benigno T. Razon, Jr., 
to be Lieutenant Commander. 
Navy nomination of Donna L. Smoak, to 
be Lieutenant Commander. 
Navy nomination of Fabio O. Austria, to be 
Lieutenant Commander. 
Navy nomination of Shawn D. Wilkerson, 
Jr., to be Lieutenant Commander. 
Navy nomination of Budd E. Bergloff, to be 
Captain. 
(Nominations without an asterisk 
were reported with the recommenda-tion that they be confirmed.) INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND 
JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
The following bills and joint resolu-
tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself, Mr. 
BENNET , Ms. M URKOWSKI , and Mr. 
MORAN ): 
S. 607. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to provide for a five-year extension of the rural community hospital demonstration program, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Ms. STABENOW (for herself, Mr. 
H
ELLER , Mr. M ENENDEZ , and Mr. 
ISAKSON ): 
S. 608. A bill to prevent homeowners from 
being forced to pay taxes on forgiven mort-gage loan debt; to the Committee on Fi-nance. 
By Mr. SCHUMER (for himself and Ms. 
C
OLLINS ): 
S. 609. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to extend and increase the exclusion for benefits provided to volunteer firefighters and emergency medical respond-ers; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. CARDIN (for himself and Ms. 
M
IKULSKI ): 
S. 610. A bill to authorize the Secretary of 
the Interior to conduct a special resource study of P.S. 103 in West Baltimore, Mary-land and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
By Mr. WICKER (for himself, Ms. 
H
EITKAMP , Mr. B OOZMAN , Mr. C RAPO , 
Mr. R ISCH, Mr. F RANKEN , Mr. M ORAN , 
Mr. S CHATZ , Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mr. 
BARRASSO , Mr. E NZI, Ms. H IRONO , Mr. 
BLUNT , Mr. T ESTER , Mr. B ENNET , and 
Mr. I NHOFE ): 
S. 611. A bill to amend the Safe Drinking 
Water Act to reauthorize technical assist-ance to small public water systems, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works. 
By Mr. CORNYN (for himself and Mr. 
C
RUZ): 
S. 612. A bill to designate the Federal 
building and United States courthouse lo-cated at 1300 Victoria Street in Laredo, Texas, as the ‘‘George P. Kazen Federal Building and United States Courthouse’’; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
By Mrs. GILLIBRAND (for herself and 
Ms. M
URKOWSKI ): 
S. 613. A bill to amend the Richard B. Rus-
sell National School Lunch Act to improve the efficiency of summer meals; to the Com-mittee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and For-estry. 
By Mr. CARPER (for himself and Mr. 
J
OHNSON ): 
S. 614. A bill to provide access to and use 
of information by Federal agencies in order to reduce improper payments, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Se-curity and Governmental Affairs. 
By Mr. CORKER (for himself, Mr. 
M
ENENDEZ , Mr. G RAHAM , Mr. K AINE, 
Mr. M CCAIN, Mr. D ONNELLY , Mr. 
RUBIO, Ms. H EITKAMP , Ms. A YOTTE , 
Mr. N ELSON , Mr. R ISCH, and Mr. 
KING): 
S. 615. A bill to provide for congressional 
review and oversight of agreements relating to Iran’s nuclear program, and for other pur-
poses; to the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions. 
By Ms. COLLINS (for herself and Mr. 
S
CHUMER ): 
S. 616. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to provide recruitment and retention incentives for volunteer emer-gency service workers; to the Committee on Finance. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Feb 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27FE6.009 S27FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1202 February 27, 2015 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND 
SENATE RESOLUTIONS 
The following concurrent resolutions 
and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. BROWN (for himself, Mr. B AR-
RASSO , Mr. C OONS , Ms. W ARREN , Mr. 
WHITEHOUSE , Mr. W ICKER , and Mrs. 
FEINSTEIN ): 
S. Res. 92. A resolution designating Feb-
ruary 28, 2015, as ‘‘Rare Disease Day’’; con-sidered and agreed to. 
f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 67 
At the request of Mr. V ITTER , the 
name of the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. C
ASSIDY ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 67, a bill to amend the Securities Investor Protection Act of 1970 to con-firm that a customer’s net equity claim is based on the customer’s last statement and that certain recoveries are prohibited, to change how trustees are appointed, and for other purposes. 
S. 125 
At the request of Mr. L EAHY , the 
name of the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 125, a bill to amend title I of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 to extend the au-thorization of the Bulletproof Vest Partnership Grant Program through fiscal year 2020, and for other purposes. 
S. 134 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the 
name of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. G
ARDNER ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 134, a bill to amend the Con-trolled Substances Act to exclude in-dustrial hemp from the definition of marihuana, and for other purposes. 
S. 269 
At the request of Mr. K IRK, the 
names of the Senator from Iowa (Mrs. E
RNST ) and the Senator from Colorado 
(Mr. G ARDNER ) were added as cospon-
sors of S. 269, a bill to expand sanctions imposed with respect to Iran and to im-pose additional sanctions with respect to Iran, and for other purposes. 
S. 301 
At the request of Mrs. F ISCHER , the 
name of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. B
ENNET ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 301, a bill to require the Secretary of the Treasury to mint coins in com-memoration of the centennial of Boys Town, and for other purposes. 
S. 317 
At the request of Ms. H IRONO , the 
name of the Senator from New York (Mr. S
CHUMER ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 317, a bill to improve early education. 
S. 351 
At the request of Mr. H ELLER , the 
names of the Senator from Michigan (Ms. S
TABENOW ), the Senator from 
Georgia (Mr. I SAKSON ) and the Senator 
from New Jersey (Mr. M ENENDEZ ) were 
added as cosponsors of S. 351, a bill to prevent homeowners from being forced to pay taxes on forgiven mortgage loan debt. S. 373 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the 
name of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. C
ASEY ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 373, a bill to provide for the establishment of nationally uni-form and environmentally sound stand-ards governing discharges incidental to the normal operation of a vessel. 
S. 394 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the 
name of the Senator from Georgia (Mr. I
SAKSON ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
394, a bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to permanently ex-tend the 15-year recovery period for qualified leasehold improvement prop-erty, qualified restaurant property, and qualified retail improvement property. 
S. 431 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the 
name of the Senator from Georgia (Mr. P
ERDUE ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
431, a bill to permanently extend the Internet Tax Freedom Act. 
S. 435 
At the request of Mr. C RUZ, the 
names of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. C
OTTON ) and the Senator from 
South Dakota (Mr. T HUNE ) were added 
as cosponsors of S. 435, a bill to amend chapter 1 of title 1, United States Code, with regard to the definition of ‘‘mar-riage’’ and ‘‘spouse’’ for Federal pur-poses and to ensure respect for State regulation of marriage. 
S. 474 
At the request of Mr. T OOMEY , the 
names of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. W
ICKER ), the Senator from Wis-
consin (Mr. J OHNSON ) and the Senator 
from Colorado (Mr. G ARDNER ) were 
added as cosponsors of S. 474, a bill to require State educational agencies that receive funding under the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to have in effect policies and procedures on background checks for school em-ployees. 
S. 499 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the 
name of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. C
OTTON ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 499, a bill to amend title II of the Social Security Act to prevent concur-rent receipt of unemployment benefits and Social Security disability insur-ance, and for other purposes. 
S. 558 
At the request of Mr. C ARPER , the 
name of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. B
OOKER ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 558, a bill to amend title 44, United States Code, to require informa-tion on contributors to Presidential li-brary fundraising organizations, and for other purposes. 
S. 568 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the 
names of the Senator from Hawaii (Ms. H
IRONO ), the Senator from Oregon (Mr. 
MERKLEY ) and the Senator from New 
Hampshire (Mrs. S HAHEEN ) were added 
as cosponsors of S. 568, a bill to extend the trade adjustment assistance pro-gram, and for other purposes. S. 571 
At the request of Mr. I NHOFE , the 
name of the Senator from Alaska (Ms. M
URKOWSKI ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 571, a bill to amend the Pilot’s Bill of Rights to facilitate appeals and to apply to other certificates issued by the Federal Aviation Administration, to require the revision of the third class medical certification regulations issued by the Federal Aviation Admin-istration, and for other purposes. 
S. 575 
At the request of Mr. K IRK, the 
names of the Senator from Utah (Mr. L
EE) and the Senator from North Caro-
lina (Mr. T ILLIS ) were added as cospon-
sors of S. 575, a bill to continue oper-ation of the Human Exploitation Res-cue Operative (HERO) Child Rescue Corps, a Cyber Crimes Center, a Child Exploitation Investigations Unit, a Computer Forensics Unit, and a Cyber Crimes Unit to support the mission of the Homeland Security Investigations directorate of United States Immigra-tion and Customs Enforcement to com-bat the exploitation of children. 
S. 586 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the 
names of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. M
URPHY ), the Senator from Min-
nesota (Ms. K LOBUCHAR ) and the Sen-
ator from Louisiana (Mr. C ASSIDY ) were 
added as cosponsors of S. 586, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to foster more effective implementa-tion and coordination of clinical care for people with pre-diabetes, diabetes, and the chronic diseases and conditions that result from diabetes. 
S. RES. 87 
At the request of Mr. M ENENDEZ , the 
name of the Senator from Tennessee (Mr. C
ORKER ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. Res. 87, a resolution to express the sense of the Senate regarding the rise of anti-Semitism in Europe and to encourage greater cooperation with the European governments, the European Union, and the Organization for Secu-rity and Co-operation in Europe in pre-venting and responding to anti-Semi-tism. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED 
BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
By Mr. CARDIN (for himself and 
Ms. M IKULSKI ): 
S. 610. A bill to authorize the Sec-
retary of the Interior to conduct a spe-cial resource study of P.S. 103 in West Baltimore, Maryland and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, today I 
am proud to introduce the Justice Thurgood Marshall’s Elementary School Study Act. The elementary school that Justice Marshall attended, known as PS 103, located in my home-town of Baltimore, is a place of na-tional significance because it marks the site where one of our nation’s greatest legal minds began his edu-cation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:09 Feb 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27FE6.010 S27FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1203 February 27, 2015 
Thurgood Marshall is well known as 
one of the most significant historical figures of the American civil rights movement. By the time he was 32 he was appointed the chief legal counsel for the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People, NAACP. He served at the NAACP a total of twenty-five years and was a key strategist to end racial segregation throughout the United States. 
Perhaps the greatest illustration of 
this effort was his victory before the Supreme Court overturning the Plessy doctrine effectively ending school seg-regation with the landmark decision in Brown v. Board of Education of To-peka, KS, in 1954. Not only did this case open up educational opportunity and sparked the civil rights movement in this nation, it also marked the be-ginning of Thurgood Marshall’s career, still a young attorney from Baltimore, as one of the greatest legal minds in all the land. This case was just one of the 29 cases he won before the U.S. Su-preme Court. 
Fittingly, Marshall was the first Af-
rican American confirmed to the Su-preme Court. He was nominated by President Lyndon B. Johnson in 1967 and served 24 years, until 1991. On the high court, Marshall continued his fight for the Constitutional protection of individual human rights. 
But Thurgood Marshall was not al-
ways a legal giant. He was once a young boy growing up in West Balti-more. He received the first 6 years of his public education at PS 103. An apocryphal story goes that a young Thurgood Marshall studied the U.S. Constitution in the basement of the building while serving detention. Re-gardless of whether or not this is true, the building powerfully tells the story of racial segregation in America, PS 103 was a ‘‘blacks only’’ school when Justice Marshall was a student, and marks the academic beginning of one of the country’s most brilliant legal thinkers and a pioneer of the civil rights movement. 
The building is located at 1315 Divi-
sion Street in the Upton Neighborhood of Old West Baltimore. The building is part of the Old West Baltimore Na-tional Register Historic District, and is listed as a contributing historic re-source for the neighborhood. The Old West Baltimore historic district is one of the largest predominately African American historic districts in the country, and its significance is cen-tered on the African American experi-ence in the area. 
In Baltimore, we are fortunate to 
have the National Park Service operate two historical sites, Fort McHenry and the Hampton Mansion. Adding PS 103 is a unique opportunity for the Na-tional Park Service to work in Balti-more’s inner-city and to reach out and engage people about African American history. 
Needless to say, Thurgood Marshall’s 
legacy is one that should be preserved. He was one of our country’s greatest legal minds and a prominent historical figure of one chapter of our country’s great history—the civil rights move-
ment. This bill authorizes the Sec-retary of the Interior to conduct a spe-cial resource study of PS 103 to evalu-ate the suitability and feasibility of es-tablishing the building as a unit of the National Park Service. Preserving the building that was Justice Marshall’s el-ementary school will give Americans insight into Justice Marshall’s child-hood. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection the text of 
the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 610 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Thurgood 
Marshall’s Elementary School Study Act’’. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: 
(1) S ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ 
means the Secretary of the Interior. 
(2) S TUDY AREA .—The term ‘‘study area’’ 
means— 
(A) P.S. 103, the public school located in 
West Baltimore, Maryland, which Thurgood Marshall attended as a youth; and 
(B) any other resources in the neighbor-
hood surrounding P.S. 103 that relate to the early life of Thurgood Marshall. 
SEC. 3. SPECIAL RESOURCE STUDY. 
(a) S TUDY .—The Secretary shall conduct a 
special resource study of the study area. 
(b) C ONTENTS .—In conducting the study 
under subsection (a), the Secretary shall— 
(1) evaluate the national significance of 
the study area; 
(2) determine the suitability and feasi-
bility of designating the study area as a unit of the National Park System; 
(3) consider other alternatives for preserva-
tion, protection, and interpretation of the study area by the Federal Government, State or local government entities, or pri-vate and nonprofit organizations; 
(4) consult with interested Federal agen-
cies, State or local governmental entities, private and nonprofit organizations, or any other interested individuals; and 
(5) identify cost estimates for any Federal 
acquisition, development, interpretation, op-eration, and maintenance associated with the alternatives. 
(c) A
PPLICABLE LAW.—The study required 
under subsection (a) shall be conducted in accordance with section 100507 of title 54, United States Code. 
(d) R
EPORT .—Not later than 3 years after 
the date on which funds are first made avail-able to carry out the study under subsection (a), the Secretary shall submit to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives and the Committee on En-ergy and Natural Resources of the Senate a report that describes— 
(1) the results of the study; and (2) any conclusions and recommendations 
of the Secretary. 
By Ms. COLLINS (for herself and 
Mr. S CHUMER ): 
S. 616. A bill to amend the Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 to provide re-cruitment and retention incentives for volunteer emergency service workers; to the Committee on Finance. 
Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I rise 
today to introduce the Volunteer Emergency Services Recruitment and Retention Act of 2015. This bill fixes a long-standing problem with the tax 
code that harms the ability of volun-teer fire departments to recruit and re-tain both firefighters and emergency service personnel. 
For years, local and State govern-
ments have provided their volunteer firefighters and EMS personnel with different forms of benefits including Length of Service Award Plans, com-monly known as LOSAPs. These are pension-like benefits for volunteer emergency responders. 
Unfortunately, the way the tax code 
handles LOSAPs hinders the ability of departments to administer plans and makes it more difficult for volunteer emergency personnel to receive bene-fits. 
My bill would simplify the taxation 
of LOSAPs in two steps. First, it would allow an election to treat LOSAPs as deferred compensation plans, and sec-ond, it would exempt them from the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974. These two changes will im-prove access to LOSAP benefits for vol-unteer emergency responders, without increasing Federal spending. 
Today, an estimated 180,000 volunteer 
firefighters across 27 states participate in some form of LOSAP. Many states that do not offer these benefits would be more likely to do so if the Federal tax code were simplified. This, in turn, would help volunteer fire departments to recruit more easily and retain per-sonnel. These men and women, our local first responders, are the founda-tion of our emergency response capa-bilities. 
These volunteers put their lives on 
the line to help protect our commu-nities, and their spirit of selflessness and service should be rewarded. I am pleased to introduce this legislation with Senator S
CHUMER , and I look for-
ward to working with my colleagues to pass this bill through the Senate and into law. 
f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 92—DESIG-
NATING FEBRUARY 28, 2015, AS ‘‘RARE DISEASE DAY’’ 
Mr. BROWN (for himself, Mr. B
AR-
RASSO , Mr. C OONS , Ms. W ARREN , Mr. 
WHITEHOUSE , Mr. W ICKER , and Mrs. 
FEINSTEIN ) submitted the following res-
olution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 92 
Whereas a rare disease or disorder is one 
that affects a small number of patients – in the United States, typically less than 200,000 individuals annually; 
Whereas as of the date of approval of this 
resolution, nearly 7,000 rare diseases affect approximately 30,000,000 people in the United States and their families; 
Whereas children with rare genetic dis-
eases account for more than half of the popu-lation affected by rare diseases in the United States; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Feb 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27FE6.017 S27FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1204 February 27, 2015 
Whereas many rare diseases are serious, 
life-threatening, and lack an effective treat-ment; 
Whereas great strides have been made in 
research and treatment for rare diseases as a result of the Orphan Drug Act (Public Law 97–414); 
Whereas the Food and Drug Administra-
tion has made great strides in involving the patient in the drug review process as part of its Patient-Focused Drug Development pro-gram, an initiative that originated in the Food and Drug Administration Safety and Innovation Act (Public Law 112–144); 
Whereas although more than 450 drugs and 
biological products for the treatment of rare diseases have been approved by the Food and Drug Administration, millions of people in the United States have a rare disease for which there is no such approved treatment; 
Whereas lack of access to effective treat-
ments and difficulty in obtaining reimburse-ment for life-altering, and even life-saving, treatments still exist and remain significant challenges for people with rare diseases and their families; 
Whereas rare diseases and conditions in-
clude epidermolysis bullosa, progeria, sickle cell anemia, spinal muscular atrophy, Duchenne muscular dystrophy, Tay-Sachs disease, cystic fibrosis, pulmonary fibrosis, many childhood cancers, and fibrodysplasia ossificans progressiva; 
Whereas people with rare diseases experi-
ence challenges that include difficulty in ob-taining accurate diagnoses, limited treat-ment options, and difficulty finding physi-cians or treatment centers with expertise in their diseases; 
Whereas the rare disease community made 
great strides during the 113th Congress, in-cluding the passage of the National Pediatric Research Network Act (Public Law 113–55), which calls special attention to rare diseases and directs the National Institutes of Health to facilitate greater collaboration among re-searchers; 
Whereas both the Food and Drug Adminis-
tration and the National Institutes of Health have established special offices to advocate for rare disease research and treatments; 
Whereas the National Organization for 
Rare Disorders, an organization established 
in 1983 to provide services to and advocate on behalf of patients with rare diseases, remains a critical public voice for people with rare diseases; 
Whereas 2015 marks the 32nd anniversary 
of the enactment of the Orphan Drug Act and the establishment of the National Organiza-tion for Rare Disorders; 
Whereas on February 25, 2015, more than 
200 rare disease advocates shared their sto-ries on Capitol Hill on behalf of the rare dis-ease community and asked lawmakers to en-hance public policy to help rare disease pa-tients; 
Whereas the National Organization for 
Rare Disorders sponsors Rare Disease Day in the United States and partners with many other major rare disease organizations to in-crease public awareness of rare diseases; 
Whereas Rare Disease Day is observed each 
year on the last day of February; 
Whereas Rare Disease Day is a global 
event, first observed in the United States on February 28, 2009, and observed in 84 coun-tries in 2014; and 
Whereas Rare Disease Day is expected to 
be observed globally for years to come, pro-viding hope and information for rare disease patients around the world: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate— 
(1) designates February 28, 2015, as ‘‘Rare 
Disease Day’’; 
(2) recognizes the importance of improving 
awareness and encouraging accurate and early diagnosis of rare diseases and dis-
orders; and 
(3) supports a national and global commit-
ment to improving access to and developing new treatments, diagnostics, and cures for rare diseases and disorders. 
f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND 
PROPOSED 
SA 264. Mr. SASSE submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the 
bill H.R. 240, making appropriations for the Department of Homeland Security for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2015, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 265. Mr. LEE (for himself and Mr. V
IT-
TER) submitted an amendment intended to 
be proposed to amendment SA 255 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. C OCHRAN (for 
himself, Ms. M IKULSKI , and Mrs. S HAHEEN )) 
to the bill H.R. 240, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 266. Mr. LEE submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed to amendment SA 255 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. 
COCHRAN (for himself, Ms. M IKULSKI , and 
Mrs. S HAHEEN )) to the bill H.R. 240, supra; 
which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 267. Mr. JOHNSON submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 240, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 268. Mr. M
CCONNELL proposed an 
amendment to the bill H.R. 33, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to ensure that emergency services volunteers are not taken into account as employees under the shared responsibility requirements contained in the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. 
f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS 
SA 264. Mr. SASSE submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 240, making appro-priations for the Department of Home-land Security for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2015, and for other pur-poses; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. ll. PROHIBITION ON ISSUING SOCIAL SE-
CURITY NUMBERS PURSUANT TO DE-FERRED ACTION POLICIES. 
Section 205(c)(2)(B)(i)(I) of the Social Secu-
rity Act (42 U.S.C. 405(c)(2)(B)(i)(I)) is amend-ed by inserting ‘‘, except that the Commis-sioner of Social Security shall not issue a so-cial security account number to any alien who is authorized to engage in employment in the United States pursuant only to de-ferred action policies set forth in the memo-randum from the Secretary of Homeland Se-curity entitled ‘Exercising Prosecutorial Discretion with Respect to Individuals Who Came to the United States as Children’ dated June 15, 2012, or the memorandum from the Secretary of Homeland Security entitled ‘Exercising Prosecutorial Discretion with Respect to Individuals who Came to the United States as Children and with Respect to Certain Individuals Who Are the Parents of U.S. Citizens or Permanent Residents’ dated November 20, 2014 (or any substan-tially similar policy changes issued or taken on or after the date of the enactment of the Department of Homeland Security Appro-priations Act, 2015, whether set forth in memorandum, Executive order, regulation, directive, or by other action)’’ after ‘‘engage in such employment’’. 
SA 265. Mr. LEE (for himself and Mr. 
VITTER ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment 
SA 255 proposed by Mr. M CCONNELL (for 
Mr. C OCHRAN (for himself, Ms. M IKUL-
SKI, and Mrs. S HAHEEN )) to the bill H.R. 
240, making appropriations for the De-partment of Homeland Security for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2015, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. ll. (a) No funds, resources, or fees 
made available to the Secretary of Homeland Security, or to any other official of a Federal agency, by this Act or any other Act for any fiscal year, including any deposits into the Immigration Examinations Fee Account es-tablished under section 286(m) of the Immi-gration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1356(m)), may be used to implement, admin-ister, enforce, or carry out (including through the issuance of any regulations) any of the policy changes set forth in the fol-lowing memoranda (or any substantially similar policy changes issued or taken on or after January 9, 2015, whether set forth in memorandum, Executive order, regulation, directive, or by other action): 
(1) The memorandum from the Secretary of 
Homeland Security entitled ‘‘Southern Bor-der and Approaches Campaign’’ dated No-vember 20, 2014. 
(2) The memorandum from the Secretary of 
Homeland Security entitled ‘‘Policies for the Apprehension, Detention and Removal of Un-documented Immigrants’’ dated November 20, 2014. 
(3) The memorandum from the Secretary of 
Homeland Security entitled ‘‘Secure Com-munities’’ dated November 20, 2014. 
(4) The memorandum from the Secretary of 
Homeland Security entitled ‘‘Exercising Prosecutorial Discretion with Respect to In-dividuals Who Came to the United States as Children and with Respect to Certain Indi-viduals Who Are the Parents of U.S. Citizens or Permanent Residents’’ dated November 20, 2014. 
(5) The memorandum from the Secretary of 
Homeland Security entitled ‘‘Expansion of the Provisional Waiver Program’’ dated No-vember 20, 2014. 
(6) The memorandum from the Secretary of 
Homeland Security entitled ‘‘Policies Sup-porting U.S. High-Skilled Businesses and Workers’’ dated November 20, 2014. 
(7) The memorandum from the Secretary of 
Homeland Security entitled ‘‘Families of U.S. Armed Forces Members and Enlistees’’ dated November 20, 2014. 
(8) The memorandum from the Secretary of 
Homeland Security entitled ‘‘Directive to Provide Consistency Regarding Advance Pa-role’’ dated November 20, 2014. 
(9) The memorandum from the Secretary of 
Homeland Security entitled ‘‘Policies to Promote and Increase Access to U.S. Citizen-ship’’ dated November 20, 2014. 
(10) The memorandum from the President 
entitled ‘‘Modernizing and Streamlining the U.S. Immigrant Visa System for the 21st Century’’ dated November 21, 2014. 
(11) The memorandum from the President 
entitled ‘‘Creating Welcoming Communities and Fully Integrating Immigrants and Refu-gees’’ dated November 21, 2014. 
(b) The memoranda referred to in sub-
section (a) (or any substantially similar pol-icy changes issued or taken on or after Janu-ary 9, 2015, whether set forth in memo-randum, Executive order, regulation, direc-tive, or by other action) have no statutory or constitutional basis and therefore have no legal effect. 
(c) No funds or fees made available to the 
Secretary of Homeland Security, or to any 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Feb 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27FE6.015 S27FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1205 February 27, 2015 
other official of a Federal agency, by this 
Act or any other Act for any fiscal year, in-cluding any deposits into the ‘‘Immigration Examinations Fee Account’’ established under section 286(m) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1356(m)), may be used to grant any Federal benefit to any 
alien pursuant to any of the policy changes set forth in the memoranda referred to in subsection (a) (or any substantially similar policy changes issued or taken on or after January 9, 2015, whether set forth in memo-randum, Executive order, regulation, direc-tive, or by other action). 
(d) The budgetary effects of this section 
shall not be entered on either PAYGO score-card maintained pursuant to section 4(d) of the Statutory Pay-As-You-Go Act of 2010. 
(e) Notwithstanding Rule 3 of the Budget 
Scorekeeping Guidelines set forth in the joint explanatory statement of the com-mittee of conference accompanying Con-ference Report 105–217 and section 250(c)(8) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985, the budgetary effects of this section shall not be estimated— 
(1) for purposes of section 251 of the such 
Act; and 
(2) for purposes of paragraph 4(C) of section 
3 of the Statutory Pay-As-You-Go Act of 2010 as being included in an appropriation Act. 
SA 266. Mr. LEE submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 255 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. C OCHRAN (for him-
self, Ms. M IKULSKI , and Mrs. S HAHEEN )) 
to the bill H.R. 240, making appropria-tions for the Department of Homeland Security for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2015, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. ll. (a) No funds, resources, or fees 
made available to the Secretary of Homeland Security, or to any other official of a Federal agency, by this Act or any other Act for any fiscal year, including any deposits into the Immigration Examinations Fee Account es-tablished under section 286(m) of the Immi-gration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1356(m)), may be used to implement, admin-ister, enforce, or carry out (including through the issuance of any regulations) any of the policy changes set forth in the fol-lowing memoranda (or any substantially similar policy changes issued or taken on or after January 9, 2015, whether set forth in memorandum, Executive order, regulation, directive, or by other action): 
(1) The memorandum from the Director of 
United States Immigration and Customs En-forcement entitled ‘‘Civil Immigration En-forcement: Priorities for the Apprehension, Detention, and Removal of Aliens’’ dated March 2, 2011. 
(2) The memorandum from the Director of 
United States Immigration and Customs En-forcement entitled ‘‘Exercising Prosecu-torial Discretion Consistent with the Civil Immigration Enforcement Priorities of the Agency for the Apprehension, Detention, and Removal of Aliens’’ dated June 17, 2011. 
(3) The memorandum from the Principal 
Legal Advisor of United States Immigration and Customs Enforcement entitled ‘‘Case-by- Case Review of Incoming and Certain Pend-ing Cases’’ dated November 17, 2011. 
(4) The memorandum from the Director of 
United States Immigration and Customs En-forcement entitled Civil Immigration En-forcement: Guidance on the Use of Detainers in the Federal, State, Local, and Tribal Criminal Justice Systems dated December 21, 2012. (5) The memorandum from the Secretary of 
Homeland Security entitled ‘‘Southern Bor-der and Approaches Campaign’’ dated No-vember 20, 2014. 
(6) The memorandum from the Secretary of 
Homeland Security entitled ‘‘Policies for the Apprehension, Detention and Removal of Un-documented Immigrants’’ dated November 20, 2014. 
(7) The memorandum from the Secretary of 
Homeland Security entitled ‘‘Secure Com-munities’’ dated November 20, 2014. 
(8) The memorandum from the Secretary of 
Homeland Security entitled ‘‘Exercising Prosecutorial Discretion with Respect to In-dividuals Who Came to the United States as Children and with Respect to Certain Indi-viduals Who Are the Parents of U.S. Citizens or Permanent Residents’’ dated November 20, 2014. 
(9) The memorandum from the Secretary of 
Homeland Security entitled ‘‘Expansion of the Provisional Waiver Program’’ dated No-vember 20, 2014. 
(10) The memorandum from the Secretary 
of Homeland Security entitled ‘‘Policies Supporting U.S. High-Skilled Businesses and Workers’’ dated November 20, 2014. 
(11) The memorandum from the Secretary 
of Homeland Security entitled ‘‘Families of U.S. Armed Forces Members and Enlistees’’ dated November 20, 2014. 
(12) The memorandum from the Secretary 
of Homeland Security entitled ‘‘Directive to Provide Consistency Regarding Advance Pa-role’’ dated November 20, 2014. 
(13) The memorandum from the Secretary 
of Homeland Security entitled ‘‘Policies to Promote and Increase Access to U.S. Citizen-ship’’ dated November 20, 2014. 
(14) The memorandum from the President 
entitled ‘‘Modernizing and Streamlining the U.S. Immigrant Visa System for the 21st Century’’ dated November 21, 2014. 
(15) The memorandum from the President 
entitled ‘‘Creating Welcoming Communities and Fully Integrating Immigrants and Refu-gees’’ dated November 21, 2014. 
(b) The memoranda referred to in sub-
section (a) (or any substantially similar pol-icy changes issued or taken on or after Janu-ary 9, 2015, whether set forth in memo-randum, Executive order, regulation, direc-tive, or by other action) have no statutory or constitutional basis and therefore have no legal effect. 
(c) No funds or fees made available to the 
Secretary of Homeland Security, or to any other official of a Federal agency, by this Act or any other Act for any fiscal year, in-cluding any deposits into the ‘‘Immigration Examinations Fee Account’’ established under section 286(m) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1356(m)), may be used to grant any Federal benefit to any alien pursuant to any of the policy changes set forth in the memoranda referred to in subsection (a) (or any substantially similar policy changes issued or taken on or after January 9, 2015, whether set forth in memo-randum, Executive order, regulation, direc-tive, or by other action). 
(d) The budgetary effects of this section 
shall not be entered on either PAYGO score-card maintained pursuant to section 4(d) of the Statutory Pay-As-You-Go Act of 2010. 
(e) Notwithstanding Rule 3 of the Budget 
Scorekeeping Guidelines set forth in the joint explanatory statement of the com-mittee of conference accompanying Con-ference Report 105–217 and section 250(c)(8) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985, the budgetary effects of this section shall not be estimated— 
(1) for purposes of section 251 of the such 
Act; and 
(2) for purposes of paragraph 4(C) of section 
3 of the Statutory Pay-As-You-Go Act of 2010 as being included in an appropriation Act. SA 267. Mr. JOHNSON submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 240, making appro-priations for the Department of Home-land Security for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2015, and for other pur-poses; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . SOCIAL SECURITY NUMBERS RE-
QUIRED TO CLAIM THE REFUND-ABLE PORTION OF THE CHILD TAX CREDIT. 
(a) T AXPAYER REQUIREMENT .—Subsection 
(d) of section 24 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: 
‘‘(5) I
DENTIFICATION REQUIREMENT WITH RE -
SPECT TO TAXPAYER .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Paragraph (1) shall not 
apply to any taxpayer for any taxable year unless the taxpayer includes the taxpayer’s Social Security number on the return of tax for such taxable year. 
‘‘(B) J
OINT RETURNS .—In the case of a joint 
return, the requirement of subparagraph (A) shall be treated as met if the Social Security number of either spouse is included on such return.’’. 
(b) C
HILD REQUIREMENT .—Subsection (e) of 
section 24 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(e) I
DENTIFICATION REQUIREMENT WITHRE-
SPECT TO QUALIFYING CHILDREN .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2), 
no credit shall be allowed under this section to a taxpayer with respect to any qualifying child unless the taxpayer includes the name and taxpayer identification number of such qualifying child on the return of tax for the taxable year. 
‘‘(2) R
EFUNDABLE PORTION .—Subsection 
(d)(1) shall not apply to any taxpayer with respect to any qualifying child unless the taxpayer includes the name and social secu-rity number of such qualifying child on the return of tax for the taxable year.’’. 
(c) O
MISSION TREATED AS MATHEMATICAL OR  
CLERICAL ERROR .—Subparagraph (I) of sec-
tion 6213(g)(2) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(I) an omission of a correct Social Secu-
rity number required under subsection (d)(5) or (e)(2) of section 24 (relating to refundable portion of child tax credit), or a correct TIN under subsection (e)(1) of such section (relat-ing to child tax credit), to be included on a return,’’. 
(d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after the date of the enact-ment of this Act. 
SA 268. Mr. M CCONNELL proposed an 
amendment to the bill H.R. 33, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to ensure that emergency services volunteers are not taken into account as employees under the shared respon-sibility requirements contained in the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act; as follows: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-
sert the following: 
SECTION 1. FURTHER CONTINUING APPROPRIA-
TIONS. 
The Continuing Appropriations Resolution, 
2015 (Public Law 113–164; 128 Stat. 1867) is amended by striking the date specified in section 106(3) and inserting ‘‘March 6, 2015’’. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-
jority leader. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Feb 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27FE6.020 S27FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1206 February 27, 2015 
PROTECTING VOLUNTEER FIRE-
FIGHTERS AND EMERGENCY RE-SPONDERS ACT 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, 
I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of H.R. 33, which was received from the House. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the bill by title. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 33) to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to ensure that emergency services volunteers are not taken into ac-count as employees under the shared respon-sibility requirements contained in the Pa-tient Protection and Affordable Care Act. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the bill. 
AMENDMENT NO . 268 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Madam President, 
I have an amendment at the desk and ask for its immediate consideration. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
The Senator from Kentucky [Mr. M CCON-
NELL ] proposes an amendment numbered 268. 
The amendment is as follows: 
(Purpose: In the nature of a substitute) 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-
sert the following: 
SECTION 1. FURTHER CONTINUING APPROPRIA-
TIONS. 
The Continuing Appropriations Resolution, 
2015 (Public Law 113–164; 128 Stat. 1867) is amended by striking the date specified in section 106(3) and inserting ‘‘March 6, 2015’’. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Madam President, 
I ask unanimous consent that the amendment be agreed to, the bill, as amended, be read a third time, and the Senate vote on passage of the bill, and that the motion to reconsider be con-sidered made and laid upon the table without any intervening action or de-bate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment (No. 268) in the na-
ture of a substitute was agreed to. 
The amendment was ordered to be 
engrossed, and the bill to be read a third time. 
The bill was read the third time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill 
having been read the third time, the question is, Shall the bill pass? 
The bill (H.R. 33), as amended, was 
passed. 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SE-
CURITY APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2015 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, 
I ask that the Chair lay before the Sen-ate the House message accompanying 
H.R. 240. 
The Presiding Officer laid before the 
Senate the following message from the House of Representatives, as follows: 
Resolved, That the House disagree to the 
amendment of the Senate to the bill (H.R. 240) entitled ‘‘An Act making appropriations for the Department of Homeland Security for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2015, and for other purposes.’’, and ask a conference with the Senate on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses thereon. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I move to insist 
upon the Senate amendment, agree to the request by the House for a con-ference, and authorize the Presiding Officer to appoint conferees. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The mo-
tion is pending. 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND 
SECURITY FUNDING 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Madam President, 
I thank all Senators for working to-gether to pass this 1-week funding ex-tension for the Department of Home-land Security. Senators should expect the next vote at 5:30 p.m. on Monday, which will be a cloture vote on the mo-tion to agree to the House request to go to a conference on the bill. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
Democratic leader. 
Mr. REID. Madam President, 
progress has been made all during the day. I appreciate very much the co-operation of everyone involved. I am confident that the House will pass a 7- day CR tonight and that there will be within 7 days full funding for the De-partment of Homeland Security. 
f 
RARE DISEASE DAY 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Madam President, 
I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 92, submitted earlier today. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the resolution by title. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 92) designating Feb-
ruary 28, 2015, as ‘‘Rare Disease Day.’’ 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the resolution. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I further ask 
unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or de-bate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 92) was agreed 
to. 
The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is 
printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-
mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
APPOINTMENT 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
Chair, on behalf of the Democratic leader, pursuant to the provisions of S. Res. 64, adopted March 5, 2013, hereby notifies the Senate of an amendment to the minority membership appoint-ments made in the Senate on February 12, 2015, to the Senate National Secu-rity Working Group for the 114th Con-gress: J
ACKREEDof Rhode Island. 
f 
SIGNING AUTHORITY 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Madam President, 
I ask unanimous consent that during this adjournment of the Senate, the majority leader and the junior Senator from West Virginia be authorized to sign duly enrolled bills or joint resolu-tions. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ORDERS FOR MONDAY, MARCH 2, 
2015 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Madam President, 
I ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business tonight, it adjourn until 2 p.m., Monday, March 2; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two lead-ers be reserved for their use later in the day, and following leader remarks, the Senate resume consideration of the House message to accompany H.R. 240. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL MONDAY, 
MARCH 2, 2015, AT 2 P.M. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Madam President, 
if there is no further business to come before the Senate, I ask unanimous consent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. 
There being no objection, the Senate, 
at 8:23 p.m., adjourned until Monday, March 2, 2015, at 2 p.m. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Feb 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27FE6.029 S27FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E263 February 27, 2015 
IN REMEMBRANCE OF SUMGAIT, 
KIROVABAD AND BAKU MAS-SACRES 
HON. BRAD SHERMAN 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, February 27, 2015 
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, earlier this 
month I met with a constituent, Marat Khoudabakhshiev, whose family barely sur-vived pogroms perpetrated 27 years ago today against the Armenian residents of then-Soviet Azerbaijan. He recounted how Azerbaijanis who had lived alongside Armenians for gen-erations suddenly turned violent against them, causing Armenian families like his to flee their homes for safety. 
Over three days, February 26th to 28th, 
1988, a pogrom was perpetrated against the Armenian residents of Sumgait in then-Soviet Azerbaijan. Armenians were attacked and killed in their apartments and on the streets. Although official figures reported 30 deaths, it is believed that hundreds were murdered and injured as a result of the pogrom. 
The violence against the Armenians in 
Sumgait was prompted by a vote, which took place one week prior by the Armenians of Nagorno Karabakh, to unify the region with Ar-menia—the beginning of the Karabakh move-ment. In the days immediately after this vote Azeri civilians and local officials in the city of Sumgait held rallies calling for ‘‘death to Arme-nians’’. 
On the night of February 27, 1988, Arme-
nian residents in Sumgait were targeted and indiscriminately raped, mutilated and mur-dered. Calls for help from Armenians were ig-nored by local police and city officials. Journal-ists were shut out from the area. The violence raged on for three days before Soviet troops were able to put an end to the pogrom. 
Witnesses of the horrific massacres later 
testified that the attacks were planned, as ci-vilians had gathered weapons and the exits of the cities were blocked in advance to prevent Armenians from escaping. The homes of Ar-menians were marked so that the Azeri mobs could easily target them. 
Unfortunately, the perpetrators of the po-
grom succeeded in their ultimate goal—driving out Armenians. Fearing more violence, Arme-nian families fled Sumgait. Later that year, an-other anti-Armenian pogrom occurred in Kirovabad, Azerbaijan from November 21st to 27th, which also forced hundreds of Arme-nians to flee the region. In January of 1990 violent mobs targeted the Armenian commu-nity of Azerbaijan’s capital, Baku. 
This year also marks the 100th anniversary 
of the commemoration of the first genocide of the 20th century, the Armenian Genocide. It is imperative that we honor the memory of Arme-nians killed in the pogroms of Sumgait, Kirovabad, and Baku, as well as the Armenian Genocide. If we hope to stop future mas-sacres, we must acknowledge these horrific events and ensure they do not happen again. Recognizing the ethnic-cleansing of the Ar-
menians from Azerbaijan is an important step. However, we need to do more—we need to demonstrate to Azerbaijan that the United States is committed to peace and to the pro-tection of Artsakh from coercion. 
As the current government of Azerbaijan 
grows even more hostile towards Armenians, we must call for an end to all threats and acts of violence by Azerbaijan’s government against the Republic of Nagorno Karabakh. 
Congress should strengthen Section 907 of 
the FREEDOM Support Act by removing the President’s ability to waive U.S. law prohibiting aid to Azerbaijan because of its continuing blockade against Armenia and Nagorno Karabakh. In 1992, Congress prohibited aid to Azerbaijan because of its continuing blockade against Armenia and Nagorno Karabakh. How-ever, in 2001, Congress approved a waiver to this provision, and administrations have used the waiver since then to provide aid to Baku. Azerbaijan should not be provided aid from the United States as long as they continue a policy of threats and blockades against Artsakh. 
I urge the Administration to remove all bar-
riers to broad-based U.S.-Nagorno Karabakh governmental and civil society communication, travel and cooperation. 
f 
HONORING NOREEN EVANS 
HON. JARED HUFFMAN 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, February 27, 2015 
Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
with my colleague, M IKETHOMPSON , to recog-
nize California Senator Noreen Evans, who re-cently retired on November 30, 2014 following twenty-one years of public service. 
Senator Evans has a distinguished record of 
serving the North Coast as a public servant and community leader. She has devoted her career to protecting the North Coast’s invalu-able natural resources, reforming the Cali-fornia legal system, and advocating for the rights of underserved communities, especially women and children. 
Ms. Evans began her career in public serv-
ice on the Santa Rosa Planning Commission and continued this service as a member of the Santa Rosa City Council before serving three terms in the California State Assembly and one term in the California State Senate. As an Assemblymember, Ms. Evans took on key roles as a Majority Whip, Human Services Committee Chair, and Budget Committee Chair. In the Senate, Ms. Evans led the Sen-ate Banking and Finance Committee, the Sen-ate Committee on Judiciary, the Legislative Women’s Caucus, and the Senate Select Committee on Wine. Ms. Evans used her leadership positions to champion local issues as well as statewide policy and was able to forge bipartisan consensus among her col-leagues. In addition to her time in elected office, Ms. 
Evans has practiced law for more than twenty years and litigated before both state and fed-eral courts, up to the United States Supreme Court. In 2011, she became the first woman to receive the Defender of Justice Award from the Judicial Council of California. 
Mr. Speaker, it is fitting that we honor No-
reen Evans upon her retirement from the Cali-fornia State Senate for her tireless work rep-resenting the North Coast by protecting its val-uable natural resources and championing its people. We express our deep appreciation to Noreen Evans for her exemplary public serv-ice, and convey our best wishes to Ms. Evans and her family as she pursues new endeav-ors. 
f 
RECOGNIZING ANNIE GALLAGHER 
HON. ROBERT J. WITTMAN 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, February 27, 2015 
Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize and thank Annie Gallagher, Public Affairs Specialists with the Philadelphia Re-gion Social Security Administration for her 23 years of service to our nation and to congratu-late her on her announced retirement. 
Annie Gallagher, in her role as the Public 
Affairs Specialist at the Philadelphia Regional Office, provided assistance to a countless number of my constituents, as well as Vir-ginians across the region and the Common-wealth. Her dedication and extraordinary com-mitment in providing solutions to those in need has been a credit to the Social Security Ad-ministration, which she has faithfully served for the past 13 years. Her efforts on behalf of the public have been in keeping with the highest standards of public service. 
I congratulate Annie on a well-deserved re-
tirement and wish her the best as she begins the next chapter in her life. 
f 
HONORING JUAN OSORIO ORTIZ, 
MR. AMIGO OF THE 78TH AN-NUAL CHARRO DAYS FIESTA 
HON. FILEMON VELA 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, February 27, 2015 
Mr. VELA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in 
honor of Juan Osorio Ortiz who has been named Mr. Amigo 2014. A Mexican television actor and producer, Juan Osorio Ortiz’s distin-guished career spans almost three decades. 
This year from February 22 through March 
1, the cities of Brownsville, Texas, and Mata-moros, Tamaulipas, will come together to cele-brate the 78th Annual Charro Days Fiesta. 
Charro Days unites the bi-cultural, bi-literate 
and bi-national communities of Brownsville and Matamoros to commemorate our way of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Feb 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K27FE8.001 E27FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E264 February 27, 2015 
life and shared history and to celebrate the 
interconnectedness of our two communities. The Rio Grande, ‘‘El Rio Bravo,’’ on the south-ern border of the U.S. and Mexico binds our two communities—one region with family and friends living on both sides of the border. Over generations we have shared memories and built relationships that span beyond any line or boundary. 
The current security situation has strained 
our way of life, and those of us who fre-quented Matamoros to visit family and friends or to have dinner in the heart of the city have not been able to visit in a long time. In the face of today’s challenges, the annual Charro Days Fiesta recommits the two communities to our valued friendship. We join in celebration of our shared past, customs, cultures and tradi-tions, and to solidify our resolve for a better tomorrow. 
Every year, the Mr. Amigo Association Se-
lection Committee names an individual who serves as a role model for the community. The recipient must be a Mexican citizen who has contributed to friendship and understanding between the U.S. and Mexico, and has ex-celled in their profession, exemplifying the highest standards in their personal and profes-sional lives. 
Mr. Amigo 2014, Juan Osorio Ortiz, was 
born on June 24, 1957, in Mexico City. His passion for theatre started as a young boy when he would memorize all the lines and roles in school plays and fill in when someone was absent. At a young age, he went to televicentro, a training school for actors and actresses in Mexico. His interest in telenovelas, or soap operas, was sparked when he participated in ‘‘El Amor Tiene Cara de Mujer.’’ 
Working his way up the ladder in the enter-
tainment industry, he began as a production assistant and had the opportunity to advance in 1986 when he stepped in as executive di-rector on the soap opera ‘‘La Gloria y El Infierno’’. Juan Osorio Ortiz has been an exec-utive producer of soap operas ever since. In the past 28 years, he has produced 24 soap operas, including ‘‘Mi Corazon Es Tuyo,’’ ‘‘Una Familia Con Suerte,’’ ‘‘Tormenta en El Paraiso,’’ ‘‘Salome,’’ ‘‘Marisol,’’ and ‘‘Clarisa.’’ 
Today, we honor Juan Osorio Ortiz for his 
years of work bringing real life issues to the small screen in a thoughtful and engaging way. I join Brownsville, Texas, and Mata-moros, Tamaulipas in welcoming him to Charro Days. 
f 
HONORING SHARON 
GOLDSWORTHY 
HON. STEPHEN LEE FINCHER 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, February 27, 2015 
Mr. FINCHER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize and congratulate my friend, Mayor Sharon Goldsworthy on being named the 2015 Germantown, Tennessee Lions Club Citizen of the Year. This award highlights her wonderful career in public service and enhances her leg-acy of dedication, passion, and commitment for the people of Germantown and all of Shelby County, Tennessee. 
Mrs. Goldsworthy and her husband, Jim, 
moved to Germantown in 1977. Mrs. Goldsworthy saw a need and became involved 
with the local schools and the issues they were facing. Involvement with the PTA and other organizations eventually led her to com-mission and board meetings and a desire to be a part of the decision-making process. In 1992, Mrs. Goldsworthy was elected Alder-man, and she was elected Mayor of German-town in 1994. 
Despite the ‘‘part-time’’ job she acquired, 
Mayor Goldsworthy worked overtime for the betterment of her city. She served on the Ten-nessee Air Pollution Control Board, Governor’s Council on Higher Education, Chickasaw Basin Authority, Regional Rail Steering Com-mittee, and Metro Planning Organization Transportation Board. Her service took her to halls and committee rooms in both Nashville and Washington with the West Tennessee Mayors Association, Tennessee Women in Government, the Tennessee Municipal League, and the United States Conference of Mayors. Through budgets, drainage issues, railroad crossings, public television, and thou-sands of other issues, Mayor Goldsworthy al-ways fought for those in need and was ever- ready to meet any challenge or lend a helping hand. 
The Germantown Lions Club could not have 
made a better selection for their Citizen of the Year than Mayor Sharon Goldsworthy. Indeed the award is a fitting tribute to the indelible contributions Mayor Goldsworthy provided to the people she served. On behalf of Ten-nessee’s 8th Congressional District, I would like to congratulate and wish the best of luck in retirement and for all future endeavors to the family and friends of Mrs. Sharon Goldsworthy. 
f 
SUMGAIT POGROMS 
HON. ADAM B. SCHIFF 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, February 27, 2015 
Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
commemorate the 27th anniversary of the po-grom against the Armenian residents of the town of Sumgait, Azerbaijan. On this day in 1988, and for three days following, Azerbaijani mobs assaulted and killed Armenians. When the violence finally subsided, hundreds of Ar-menian civilians had been brutally murdered and injured, women and young girls were raped, and some victims were tortured and burned to death. Those that survived the car-nage fled their homes and businesses, leaving behind all but the clothes on their backs. The Sumgait Pogroms came in the wake of a pat-tern of anti-Armenian rallies throughout Azer-baijan, aided and encouraged by high ranking officials in the Azeri government, and touched off a wave of violence culminating in the 1990 Pogroms in Baku. 
In a pattern all too familiar to the Armenian 
people, the Azerbaijani authorities made little effort to punish those responsible, instead at-tempting to cover up the atrocities in Sumgait to this day, as well as denying the role of sen-ior government officials in instigating the vio-lence. 
The Sumgait massacres led to wider repris-
als against Azerbaijan’s Armenian ethnic mi-nority, resulting in the virtual disappearance of a once thriving population of 450,000 Arme-nians living in Azerbaijan, and culminating in 
the war launched against the people of Nagorno Karabakh. That war resulted in thou-sands dead on both sides and created over one million refugees in both Armenia and Azerbaijan. 
Time has not healed the wounds of those 
killed and hurt in the pogroms in Sumgait, Kirovabad, and Baku. To the contrary, hatred of Armenians is celebrated in Azeri society, a situation most vividly exemplified by the case of Ramil Safarov, an Azerbaijani army captain who savagely murdered an Armenian army lieutenant, Gurgen Margaryan with an axe while he slept. The two were participating in a NATO Partnership for Peace exercise at the 
time in Hungary. In 2012, Safarov was sent home to Azerbaijan, purportedly to serve out the remainder of his sentence. Instead, he was pardoned, promoted, and paraded through the streets of Baku in a sickening wel-come home. And as we speak, Azerbaijan continues its dangerous and provocative be-havior along its border with Armenia and in Karabakh. 
Mr. Speaker, this April we will mark the 
100th Anniversary of the Armenian Genocide, an event the Turkish government, Azerbaijan’s closest ally, goes to great lengths to deny. We must not let such crimes against humanity go unrecognized, whether they occurred yester-day or 27 years ago or 100 years ago. Today, let us pause to remember the victims of the atrocities of the Sumgait pogroms. Mr. Speak-er, it is our moral obligation to condemn crimes of hatred and to remember the victims, in hope that history will not be repeated. 
f 
RECOGNIZING AMERICAN HEART 
MONTH 
HON. CHRISTOPHER H. SMITH 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, February 27, 2015 
Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today to recognize American Heart Month and commend the staff and volunteers of the American Heart Association, and the organiza-tions in New Jersey and around the country for participating in this year’s successful effort to raise awareness of heart disease and the associated risks. 
American Heart Month is a critical public 
awareness tool that helps promote heart- healthy lifestyles, with a focus on prevention and incorporating a healthy diet and exercise into all of our daily lives. 
Last Congress, I was honored to accept the 
position of co-chair of the Congressional Heart and Stroke Coalition. For nearly 20 years, the Coalition has served as a resource for all members of Congress and worked to advance federal policies that raise the quality of life for individuals with heart disease. 
The partnership of the Association and the 
Coalition is critical to raising awareness of the disease and ensuring those of us making deci-sions on funding and policy are educated on how what we do affects those suffering. The Association’s briefings—which they organize throughout the year—are a key component of this strategy. 
Heart and stroke patients, as well as their 
loved ones and caregivers, need vocal advo-cates on Capitol Hill to ensure access to qual-ity care and treatments. We have a duty to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:40 Feb 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K27FE8.004 E27FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E265 February 27, 2015 
see that programs aimed at combating cardio-
vascular disease, or CVD, as well as medical research for prevention and treatment of stroke and heart attacks, are supported appro-priately at the federal level. 
Mr. Speaker, the numbers and their public 
health implications are shocking. CVD is the nation’s number one killer. A staggering 85.6 million people—1 in 3 American adults—suffer from heart disease, stroke, or other cardio-vascular diseases. An American dies from car-diovascular disease every 40 seconds. It is estimated that by 2030, about 44% percent of all adult Americans will be affected by heart disease—with direct and indirect costs from CVD estimated to reach almost $1 trillion by 2030. 
Further, as both the Association and the 
CDC point out, heart disease is sometimes thought of as a ‘‘man’s disease.’’ Yet, heart disease, stroke, and other cardiovascular dis-eases are the No. 1 killer of women in the United States, claiming the lives of 398,035 women per year. According to the Heart Asso-ciation, nearly half of all women are not aware that heart disease is the leading cause of death for women. 
That’s worth repeating, Mr. Speaker. Every 
minute, one woman dies as a result of CVD or a stroke. 
The American Heart Association is leading 
the charge in raising awareness of this fact through coordinated campaigns, like National Wear Red Day and Go Red For Women. 
One organization working in my Congres-
sional district is the Meridian Health Founda-tion’s ‘‘Women’s Heart Fund.’’ Since its incep-tion in 2007, the Foundation—focused on pro-moting heart health in Monmouth and Ocean County—has funded nursing scholarships, equipment for management of the most se-vere heart attacks and vascular screenings, and boosted funding for the Pediatric Cardi-ology Program at the K. Hovnanian Children’s Hospital and the CardioVascular Intensive Care Unit at the Jersey Shore University Med-ical Center, which opened last year. 
While American Heart Month comes to a 
close tomorrow, it’s important we continue these efforts year round. I would like to thank all of my colleagues who are members of the Congressional Heart and Stroke Coalition and urge those who have not yet joined to do so. Help us continue and grow the critical Coali-tion-Association partnership that is working to improve our constituents’ health, families, and future. 
f 
HONORING THOR CONSTRUCTION’S 
35TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. KEITH ELLISON 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, February 27, 2015 
Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
commemorate the 35th anniversary of the founding of Thor Construction, one of the larg-est minority-owned construction companies in Minnesota, and an industry leader for con-tracting projects nationwide. 
Founded with the objective of becoming the 
number one minority-owned company in the country, Thor Construction is well on its way to achieving that goal. Since 1980, Thor has led many of Minnesota’s largest construction projects. Its impressive track record includes 
work on Target Field, the Minneapolis Central Library, the TCF Bank Stadium at the Univer-sity of Minnesota, the Minneapolis Convention Center, and the new Minnesota Vikings foot-ball stadium. Thor Construction shows no signs of tiring in its mission to provide top- notch construction work that benefits both workers of color and communities at large. 
Richard Copeland, the founder and chair-
man of Thor, is proud that his company ‘‘gen-erates new investments and exponential re-turns to the communities [they] serve.’’ This guiding principle of social service in conjunc-tion with high-quality development has led to projects in countless communities around Min-nesota, as well as in at least six other states and five foreign countries. These industry leaders have jumped at every opportunity to expand their mission, moving well above and beyond humble Midwestern beginnings to leave a mark on the world around them. 
Thor Construction has received accolades 
from the City of Minneapolis, Black Enterprise, the US Green Building Council, and numerous other groups for their innovative approach to constructing with purpose. By creating good- paying, union jobs for thousands of under-served individuals, Thor Construction con-tinues to ensure that building projects also en-tail community development. 
I am proud to represent the congressional 
district that Thor Construction calls home, and I eagerly await the day that I can congratulate them for achieving their goal of becoming the number one minority owned company in the United States. 
f 
REMEMBERING THE KHOJALY 
TRAGEDY 
HON. VIRGINIA FOXX 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, February 27, 2015 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in re-
membrance of the 613 Azerbaijani men, women, and children killed in Khojaly on Feb-ruary 25 and 26, 1992. Marking the anniver-sary of such a tragedy is difficult, but it is crit-ical that we remember and honor the precious lives lost. 
Azerbaijan has been a reliable friend and 
valuable ally of the United States, and it is ap-propriate for Congress to commemorate the victims of the Khojaly tragedy as our Azer-baijani friends mark the 23rd anniversary of the event. 
Despite such hardships, Azerbaijan has 
been a great support to U.S. efforts in the War on Terror, and the country has made great strides over its short history as an inde-pendent nation to promote economic growth and prosperity. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
in remembering the town and people of Khojaly who died on those fateful days and in offering our deepest condolences to Azer-baijan on this tragic anniversary. RECOGNIZING THE ANNIVERSARY 
OF MASSACRES AGAINST ARME-NIANS IN SUMGAIT 
HON. JIM COSTA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, February 27, 2015 
Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize the twenty-seventh anniversary of the pogroms against people of Armenian de-scent in Sumgait, Azerbaijan. My district is home to thousands of Armenian-Americans, many who are the sons and daughters of sur-vivors. As they know well, Azerbaijani rioters started a murderous rampage in response to peaceful protests on February 27, 1988, that forever changed Armenia. During those three days, scores of Armenians were killed, hun-dreds were wounded, and thousands were forced to leave their homes and livelihoods behind. 
As we recognize this tragedy, we should 
also take this time to commend the people of Nagorno Karabakh on being the first to de-mand their right to freedom and self-govern-ance from the Soviet Union. Although a small nation, Nagorno Karabakh sparked the de-mocracy movement that ended decades of dictatorial rule in the USSR and eventually led to the fall of the Soviet Union. 
Sadly, the Azerbaijani government continues 
to act as an aggressor today. In November 2014, Azerbaijani armed forces shot down a Nagorno-Karabakh helicopter participating in a training exercise near the cease-fire line, kill-ing the three crew members on board. This aggression is completely unacceptable and further hurts efforts to achieve a peaceful res-olution. 
Today, I ask my colleagues to stand with 
the proud people of Nagorno Karabakh in rec-ognizing the anniversary of these tragic events. Let today serve as a reminder for each and every one of us to continue advo-cating for human rights and democratic free-doms around the world. 
f 
HONORING THE 2015 ACADEMY 
NOMINEES OF THE 11TH CON-GRESSIONAL DISTRICT NEW JER-SEY 
HON. RODNEY P. FRELINGHUYSEN 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, February 27, 2015 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, every 
year, more school seniors from the 11th Con-gressional District trade in varsity jackets for Navy pea coats, Air Force flight suits, and Army brass buckles than most other districts in the country. But this is nothing new—our area has repeatedly sent an above average portion of its sons and daughters to the na-tion’s military academies for decades. 
This fact should not come as a surprise. 
The educational excellence of area schools is well known and has long been a magnet for families looking for the best environment in which to raise their children. Our graduates are skilled not only in mathematics, science, and social studies, but also have solid back-grounds in sports, debate teams, and other extracurricular activities. This diverse upbring-ing makes military academy recruiters sit up 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Feb 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K27FE8.007 E27FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E266 February 27, 2015 
and take note—indeed, many recruiters know 
our towns and schools by name. 
Since the 1830’s, Members of Congress 
have enjoyed meeting, talking with, and nomi-nating these superb young people to our mili-tary academies. But how did this process evolve? In 1843, when West Point was the sole academy, Congress ratified the nomi-nating process and became directly involved in the makeup of our military’s leadership. This was not an act of an imperial Congress bent on controlling every aspect of Government. Rather, the procedure still used today was, and is, a further check and balance in our de-mocracy. It was originally designed to weaken and divide political coloration in the officer corps, provide geographical balance to our armed services, and to make the officer corps more resilient to unfettered nepotism and handicapped European armies. 
In 1854, Representative Gerritt Smith of 
New York added a new component to the academy nomination process—the academy review board. This was the first time a Mem-ber of Congress appointed prominent citizens from his district to screen applicants and as-sist with the serious duty of nominating can-didates for academy admission. Today, I am honored to continue this wise tradition in my service to the 11th Congressional District. 
The Academy Review Board is composed of 
six local citizens who have shown exemplary service to New Jersey, to their communities, and to the continued excellence of education in our area—and all are veterans. Though from diverse backgrounds and professions, they all share a common dedication that the best qualified and motivated graduates attend our academies. And, as true for most volun-teer panels, their service goes largely unno-ticed. 
I would like to take a moment to recognize 
these men and women and thank them pub-licly for participating in this important panel. Being on the board requires hard work and an objective mind. Members have the responsi-bility of interviewing upwards of 50 outstanding high school seniors every year in the academy review process. 
The nomination process follows a general 
timetable. High school seniors mail personal information directly to the Military Academy, the Naval Academy, the Air Force Academy, and the Merchant Marine Academy once they become interested in attending. Information in-cludes academic achievement, college entry test scores, and other activities. At this time, they also inform my office of their desire to be nominated. 
The academies then assess the applicants, 
rank them based on the data supplied, and re-turn the files to my office with their notations. In late November, our Academy Review Board interviews all of the applicants over the course of 2 days. They assess a student’s qualifica-tions and analyze character, desire to serve, and other talents that may be hidden on paper. 
This year the board interviewed over 40 ap-
plicants. The Board’s recommendations were then forwarded to the academies by January 31, where recruiters reviewed files and notified applicants and my office of their final decision on admission. 
As these highly motivated and talented 
young men and women go through the acad-emy nominating process, never let us forget the sacrifice they are preparing to make: to defend our country and protect our citizens. 
This holds especially true at a time when our nation is fighting the war against terrorism. Whether it is in Afghanistan or other hot spots around the world, no doubt we are constantly reminded that wars are fought by the young. And, while our military missions are both im-portant and dangerous, it is reassuring to know that we continue to put America’s best and brightest in command. 
ACADEMY NOMINEES FOR 2015 11 TH 
CONGRESSIONAL DISTRICT  
AIR FORCE ACADEMY  
Gina-Marie Arrabito, West Orange, West 
Orange H.S.; John P. Dennehy, Rockaway, Morris Hills H.S.; Fredrik A. Eriksson, Woodland Park, Passaic Valley Regional H.S.; Joshua J. Fortes, Parsippany, Parsip-pany H.S.; Christian O. Hedengren, Brook-side, St. Peters Preparatory; Leland E. Hemgren, Boonton, Mountain Lakes H.S.; Liam R. Sax, Sparta, Pope John XXIII Re-gional H.S. 
MERCHANT MARINE ACADEMY  
Travis Z. Feather, Pine Brook, Bergen 
Catholic H.S.; Paul T. Femia, Kinnelon, Val-ley Forge Military Academy; Maria F. Gar-cia, East Hanover, Hanover Park H.S.; Col-leen M. Griffin, Kinnelon, Kinnelon H.S.; Christian A. Marini, Kinnelon, Seton Hall Preparatory; Luke H. Mayer, Morristown, Delbarton School; Christopher J.L. Morgan, West Orange, West Orange H.S.; Kelly A. Smith, Roseland, West Essex H.S. 
NAVAL ACADEMY  
Seth M. Abbott, Randolph, Randolph H.S.; 
Mark G. Brown, Brookside, West Morris Mendham H.S.; James E. Crimmins, Madi-son, Chaminade H.S., NY; Joshua C. Corbett, Mendham, Gill St. Bernards School; Jacob S. Ferraro, Kinnelon, Kinnelon H.S.; Aaron J. Hanko, Montville, Naval Academy Pre-paratory School; Warren J. Lee, East Han-over, Oratory Preparatory School; Jay Oh, Madison, Madison H.S.; Austin J. Tighe, Lit-tle Falls, Seton Hall Preparatory; Jacob T. Valente, Wayne, Wayne Valley H.S. 
MILITARY ACADEMY  
Matthew E. Babich, Wayne, Regis H.S. NY, 
NY; Alexandra R.K. Bruno, Little Falls, Pas-saic Valley H.S.; Jonathan P. Davis, Chat-ham, Chatham H.S.; Alexander C. Lagasca, Sparta, Sparta H.S.; John M. Lowe, Parsip-pany, Gill St. Bernards School; Angela E. Martone, Lincoln Park, Trinity Christian School; Richard R. O’Connor, New Vernon, Miami University; Ivan V. Peters, Boonton, U.S. Army, Fort Bragg; James E. Schoch, Sparta, Sparta H.S.; Austin J.C. Williams, Verona, Verona H.S. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF RABBI 
DONALD A. WEBER 
HON. FRANK PALLONE, JR. 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, February 27, 2015 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
congratulate Rabbi Donald Weber on his 30th Anniversary as Rabbi of Temple Rodeph Torah in Marlboro, New Jersey. Rabbi Weber is an outstanding leader of Temple Rodeph Torah and an active member of the commu-nity whose contributions are truly deserving of this body’s recognition. 
Under Rabbi Weber’s leadership, the Tem-
ple Rodeph Torah congregation has grown from 66 families in 1984 to more than 350 today. He also began the TRT Cares program to provide help to those in the community fac-
ing financial hardships, which earned the Fain Award for Social Justice in 2011. 
In addition to his efforts within Temple 
Rodeph Torah, Rabbi Weber is also an active member of the community. He has served as the Marlboro Township Police Chaplain since 2005, is a founding member and Board Chair of the Marlboro Township Ethics Board and is a life member of the Morganville First Aid Squad. He remains an advocate for hunger issues and personal rights, serving as a mem-ber and co-chair of the Jewish Leaders’ Coun-cil of MAZON: A Jewish Response to Hunger and a trustee of Planned Parenthood of Mon-mouth County, among others. 
Prior to becoming the first full-time rabbi of 
Temple Rodeph Torah, Rabbi Weber served as Volunteer Chaplain and Supervisor of the Pediatrics Floor at Memorial-Sloan Kettering Cancer Center in New York, New York and as Associate Rabbi of Temple Beth David in Commack, New York. He received his Bach-elor of Arts in Near Eastern and Judaic Stud-ies at Brandeis University and his Master of Arts in Hebrew Letters and Honorary Doctor of Divinity from Hebrew Union College—Jewish Institute of Religion. 
Mr. Speaker, once again, please join me in 
celebrating the 30th Anniversary of Rabbi Donald Weber and recognizing him for his dedication to community outreach and social action. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. PETER J. ROSKAM 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, February 27, 2015 
Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Speaker, on roll call no. 
92, I was detained due to an unavoidable con-flict. 
Had I been present, I would have voted aye. 
f 
TEXANS KNOW BARBECUE 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, February 27, 2015 
Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
congratulate Killen’s Barbecue, a Pearland, TX legendary institution, for being named in the top 10 in GQ Magazine’s ‘‘25 Most Out-standing Restaurants of 2015.’’ 
All due respect to other states, Texans 
know barbecue better than anyone! Don’t let the never-ending line to get in stop you from tasting a little bit of heaven. It’s well worth the wait. Chef Ronnie Killen is a true master and his culinary skills are keeping true Texas bar-becue alive. 
I commend Chef Killen for sharing his true 
Texas Barbecue with the great folks of TX–22. On behalf of the residents of the Twenty-Sec-ond Congressional of Texas, congratulations again to Killen’s Barbecue for being named one of GQ’s ‘‘25 Most Outstanding Res-taurants of 2015.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:07 Feb 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27FE8.002 E27FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E267 February 27, 2015 
IN RECOGNITION OF LILLI REY 
HON. JACKIE SPEIER 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, February 27, 2015 
Ms. SPEIER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor 
Lilli Rey who was chosen as the 2015 Citizen of the Year by the Hillsborough Schools’ Asso-ciated Parents Group. This extraordinary honor is reserved for an individual who has made sustained and significant contributions to the Hillsborough community, in particular to the education and well-being of our children. I can’t think of a more deserving person than Lilli to receive this honor. She is the personi-fication of generosity, grace and getting things done. 
I have watched and admired her dedication 
and commitment since Lilli moved to 
Hillsborough two decades ago. I feel very for-tunate to count Lilli as one of my closest friends and neighbors. The word ‘‘no’’ barely exists in her vocabulary; if there is a project that needs help, Lilli will take it on and bring it to a successful conclusion. She has given her time and energy to countless causes. She served as the President and Executive Board Member for the North School Parent Group, the 2010 Town of Hillsborough Centennial Co- Chair, Girl Scout Leader, 4th Grade North Yo-semite Trip Chair, and Hillsborough Concours d’Elegance Tickets Chair. Lilli is part of the heartbeat of the town. 
To say that Lilli loves children is an under-
statement. As the very proud mother of four— Zach, Zoe, Sadie and Cassie—she is devoted to them completely and always puts them first. But her love is not reserved exclusively for her own children, she shares the same care and tenderness for other children, always striving to contribute to their well-being. 
Lilli has also been a steadfast and generous 
supporter of our local schools, Shelter Net-work, the San Mateo Community Hospital Foundation, NARAL and Protect Our Defend-ers Foundation. These groups protect the rights and dignity of our children, victims of domestic violence, the homeless, women, vic-tims of sexual assault in the military, and health care for low income women—issues that are very near and dear to my heart and issues that have created a very deep bond be-tween Lilli and me. 
To watch Lilli at an event is to watch a sym-
phony conductor. Even though she is working harder than anyone, she makes it look easy and harmonic. She is in the right place at the right time and she makes everything flow per-fectly. 
Any organization is lucky to have Lilli on 
board. She will identify what needs to get done and get it done while improving the orga-nization and the community as a whole. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask the House of Represent-
atives to rise with me to recognize an excep-tional woman and philanthropist who tirelessly gives back and never asks for anything in re-turn. Lilli Rey is a treasured gift to the commu-nity and truly deserves to be honored as the 2015 Hillsborough Schools’ Citizen of the Year. DON NELSON: A LOCAL LEGEND IN 
BROADCASTING 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, February 27, 2015 
Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I want to 
wish a Houston icon, constituent and TV an-chor Don Nelson a happy retirement. 
Don has been a voice to Texans for 39 
years and I have known him most of that time. 
In those 39 years, Don has just about done 
it all. 
He did broadcasting at a radio station in 
Pennsylvania after serving in the U.S. Air Force for 4 years. 
And then worked in radio in West Virginia 
and New Mexico before he made it to the promise land, Texas when ABC 13 News hired him. 
From hosting ‘‘Dialing For Dollars,’’ ‘‘Good 
Morning Houston,’’ covering traffic, and inter-viewing celebrities, sports stars and rodeo en-tertainers, Don is quite the commentator. 
Don’s genuine, happy personality and work 
ethic really have made Houston’s morning news number one. 
Our morning commutes won’t be the same 
without him. 
Hats off to you, Don. You can now sleep in and enjoy your morn-
ing coffee. 
The people of Houston extend our deepest 
appreciation. 
Congrats on your retirement, you have 
earned it. 
Best wishes in the next chapter of your life. You are quite the legend in local broad-
casting. 
And that’s just the way it is. 
f 
CHURCH OF ST. PAUL’S ‘‘HOLY 
SMOKE’’ BBQ COOK-OFF 
HON. HENRY CUELLAR 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, February 27, 2015 
Mr. CUELLAR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
acknowledge the annual Church of St. Paul’s ‘‘Holy Smoke’’ BBQ Cook-Off which takes place each March 6th and 7th, 2015 in the city of Mission, Texas. 
The ‘‘Holy Smoke’’ BBQ Cook-Off is an 
International Barbeque Cookers Association state championship event; the occasion fea-tures a festive combination of good music and good eating, with proceeds going to fund scholarships for area youth. 
Talented barbeque chefs from Texas face 
off to see who can cook up the tastiest brisket, pork spareribs, and chicken, along with beans, fajitas, pan de campo, and desserts. The ‘‘Holy Smoke’’ BBQ Cook-Off is an exciting time for young and old alike and is a much- anticipated gathering for residents of South Texas due to the scholarship assistance it pro-vides to students in furthering their education. 
Mr. Speaker, it is my honor to recognize this 
celebration of Lone Star State-style food and music. RECOGNIZING THE SERVICE OF 
CHRISTIAN L. CURTICE 
HON. JIM COSTA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, February 27, 2015 
Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor the career and celebrate the retirement of Fresno County Sheriff Deputy, Christian L. Curtice. Deputy Curtice served an honorable thirty-three years with the Fresno County Sheriff’s Office, and his service is to be com-mended. 
Christian Curtice was born in Tulsa, Okla-
homa in 1959, and subsequently moved with his family to California. He graduated from the Pacific Grove High School in 1978. A few years after high school, Christian had moved to the Central Valley and was sworn in as a deputy sheriff with the Fresno County Sheriff’s Office in 1982. The first few years Deputy Curtice served with the Fresno County Sher-iff’s office, he also pursued a college edu-cation. In 1986 he graduated from California State University, Fresno with a Bachelor’s of Science degree in Criminology. Three years later he became a detective with the Sheriff’s Crimes Against Persons Unit and became a member of the California Homicide Investiga-tors Association. In 1992 he was promoted to Deputy IV, and was assigned as Field Training Officer in the Patrol Division in 2001. 
During his years of service, Deputy Curtice 
has received many awards and commenda-tions, including being the first deputy at the Fresno County Sheriff’s Office to receive the California Highway Patrol’s ‘‘10851 Award’’ for vehicle theft recovery in 1989. In 1992, he was the recipient of the American Legion’s ‘‘Outstanding Law Officer of the Year’’ award for the Central Valley area, and in 1993 he was the recipient of the American Legion’s ‘‘Outstanding Law Officer of the Year’’ for the State of California. 
Apart from his awards, Deputy Curtice has 
been recognized in many instances in which he was integral to solving cases and saving lives through his use of ingenuity and bravery, often putting his own life at risk. Deputy Curtice was one of the principal investigators on the Ewell triple murder in the Sunnyside area of Fresno County. The case received major national news coverage and eventually led to the arrest and conviction of Dana Ewell and Joel Radovcich. Following their conviction, Deputy Curtice and his partner, Detective Souza, wrote the book ‘‘Catch Me If You Can,’’ which chronicled the investigation. 
Outside of his position as Deputy and De-
tective, Deputy Curtice has been a firm be-liever in giving back to his community. In 2008, he worked with the Central California Blood Center to launch the Holiday Heroes Blood Drive, which is now held every year dur-ing the week before Christmas, and continues to become increasingly more successful. He also made it a personal priority to revamp the 
Fresno County Sheriff’s ailing website by hir-ing a dedicated IT specialist. Working with the IT specialist, Deputy Curtice helped launch a redesigned, user friendly website. Additionally, by creating new Facebook and Twitter pages for the agency, Deputy Curtice played an inte-gral role in ensuring the Sheriff’s Office is able stay in contact with the community they serve. 
Mr. Speaker, it is with great respect that I 
ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Feb 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A27FE8.006 E27FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E268 February 27, 2015 
the distinguished career of Fresno County 
Sheriff Deputy Christian L. Curtice, and to wish him the best of luck in his retirement. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE 60TH ANNIVER-
SARY OF THE ARC/MORRIS COUNTY CHAPTER 
HON. RODNEY P. FRELINGHUYSEN 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, February 27, 2015 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor the ARC/Morris County Chap-ter, located in Morris County, New Jersey as it celebrates its 60th Anniversary. 
The ARC/Morris County Chapter, a non- 
profit organization, is Morris County’s largest provider of services for people with intellectual and related developmental disabilities. ARC/ Morris strives toward supporting and advanc-ing these people and their families, and imag-ines a world where people with intellectual dis-abilities are valued by society. This organiza-tion participates in activities and projects for the purpose of helping people with intellectual disabilities achieve the highest level of self- sufficiency. With facilities in four towns, ARC/ Morris is prominent in the Morris County re-gion. By offering multiple training facilities, ARC/Morris presents convenient locations, which better serve members of the community with intellectual disabilities. 
Formally incorporated as the Morris County 
Unit of the New Jersey Association for Re-tarded Children in 1954, ARC/Morris has cre-ated Boy Scout and Girl Scout Troops, Sup-portive Living Programs, and Supported Em-ployment Programs. Over its 60-year history, ARC/Morris has formed a culture of assistance through the implementation of training pro-grams. These programs, offered at ARC/Mor-ris adult training facilities, provide adults with intellectual disabilities with the necessary skills to live independent and self-sufficient lives. Currently, over 200 individuals receive support from ARC/Morris at its several Morris County centers, while numerous families also receive assistance through ARC/Morris’ After Care and Saturday Drop-Off Respite Programs. The caregiving services provided by ARC/Morris both support families in need of a helping hand. ARC/Morris currently provides individ-uals twenty-one years or older with housing options, including nineteen group homes, two respite group homes, and a variety of apart-ments and condominiums. 
To serve individuals with intellectual disabil-
ities, ARC/Morris holds various fundraising programs and events. The organization is in-novative in its fundraising approach. For ex-ample, through the AmazonSmile Program, a portion of Amazon.com’s profits is donated to ARC/Morris whenever an individual shops through smile.amazon.com. ARC/Morris has also implemented a Car Donation Program, where individuals can donate a car to the Charity Car Donation Center for the purposes of donating it to ARC/Morris. Volunteers are widely accepted by ARC/Morris and anyone looking to help persons with intellectual dis-abilities is welcome to assist in enhancing this cause. 
ARC/Morris holds many events to raise 
awareness of its goals and achievements. In-cluded in these events are the 26th Annual ARC/Morris Foundation Golf Outing, the 10th 
Annual Wine Tasting and Fine Art Exhibit, and an upcoming webinar on Social Security bene-fits for parents of individuals with intellectual or developmental disabilities. On September 21, 2014, ARC/Morris held the 11th Annual Foun-dation Walk. This walk, which serves as a way to support the programs and services ARC/ Morris offers, featured over 300 walkers and raised over $28,000. Events like these help ARC/Morris continue its mission to create a society in which acceptance of individuals with intellectual and developmental disabilities is the norm and not the exception. 
I commend the members and the Board of 
Directors of the ARC/Morris County Chapter for assisting individuals with intellectual dis-abilities in Morris County. This organization has consistently demonstrated a dedication and commitment to ensuring that these valued residents receive proper care and sufficient training in order to live a happy and self-suffi-cient lifestyle. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask you and my colleagues 
to join me in congratulating the ARC/Morris County Chapter as it celebrates its 60th Anni-versary. 
f 
HUMAN RIGHTS IN CUBA: A 
SQUANDERED OPPORTUNITY 
HON. CHRISTOPHER H. SMITH 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, February 27, 2015 
Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, 
earlier this month I held a hearing to examine the state of human rights in Cuba, which is a very timely topic indeed, given the Obama ad-ministration’s sea change in policy toward Cuba announced at the end of last year. 
I have repeatedly asked whether in under-
taking this change in policy, the Obama ad-ministration used the considerable leverage that it wields to seek to better the condition of the Cuban people, or whether, as I fear, an opportunity was squandered in its haste to achieve a diplomatic breakthrough and create a legacy for the President. 
The hearing was not only about Castro re-
gime accountability, but also Obama adminis-tration accountability, with Congress exercising its role of both oversight and as a bully pulpit for reminding the world that Cuba remains a Communist dictatorship which continues to ar-rest political dissidents—over 200 so far in 2015—and one whose caudillo, Raul Castro, has declared would not change, even in re-sponse to the Obama administration’s conces-sions. 
This Castro regime continues to harbor fugi-
tives from justice such as Joanne Chesimard, who was convicted in the 1973 murder of a state trooper in my home state of New Jersey, Officer Werner Foerster. Indeed, earlier this month, we had the Assistant Secretary of State for the Western Hemisphere Roberta Jacobson appear before the full Foreign Af-fairs Committee. I asked her what the re-sponse of the Cuban Government was when she raised the issue of the return of Joanne Chesimard to justice. She replied that the Cuban Government stated that it was ‘‘not in-terested in discussing her return.’’ 
This is unacceptable. I received a statement 
from Christopher J. Burgos, the President of the State Troopers Fraternal Organization of 
New Jersey, wherein he states on behalf of our Jersey State Troopers that ‘‘We are shocked and very disappointed that returning a convicted killer of a State Trooper was not already demanded and accomplished in the context of the steps announced by the White 
House regarding this despotic dictatorship.’’ 
We had with us three very brave and 
uniquely qualified witnesses to the brutality of the Cuban dictatorship, three human rights ac-tivists who at great personal cost to them-selves and their families stood up for human dignity. 
We heard about the deplorable state of 
human rights in Cuba, how Afro-Cubans in particular face discrimination on a day-to-day basis, and the brutality with which human rights activists, including women, are treated. We heard of murders sanctioned by the gov-ernment, of beatings, of arrests and re-arrests. 
And I would also like to point out that after 
testifying here, in public, two of our witnesses returned to Cuba. They know that one day the regime will exact a price against them for their temerity. Yet they insisted on appearing, so that they can share the truth of what is hap-pening in their beloved isle. What bravery! 
I therefore would like to dedicate the hear-
ing I held to the Cuban people, who have suf-fered for so many decades under the brutal regime of the Castro brothers, and to thank our witnesses for testifying. I also would like to thank in particular my dear friend and col-league, I
LEANA ROS-LEHTINEN , for her leader-
ship day-in-and-day-out, in good weather and in bad, on behalf of the people of not only Cuba, but in countries such as Venezuela, China, and Vietnam, where the people con-tinue to suffer under oppressive rulers. Thank you, I
LEANA , for your leadership and moral 
clarity. 
It is thus my belief that there should be no 
easing of the pressure until Cuba has met de-finitive and concrete human rights and demo-cratic milestones. Among these milestones are the release of all political prisoners, the end of harassment and a policy of releasing and then re-jailing, the ending of restrictions on freedom of speech and the press, and on the rights of Assembly. Moreover, the Church must be al-lowed to conduct its affairs fully and freely without government interference. 
And, finally, the Castro regime must be held 
to account for their harboring of some seventy fugitives from justice, including Joanne Chesimard, who is on the FBI’s Most Wanted Terrorist list. 
To that end, I would like to state that I in-
tend to introduce legislation that will com-plement our existing legislation on Cuba, in particular Helms-Burton, making sure that im-portant human rights milestones are met be-fore our government makes concessions that are effectively unilateral, squandering lever-age. 
f 
HONORING DAVID GOUDY 
HON. PETER WELCH 
OF VERMONT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, February 27, 2015 
Mr. WELCH. Mr. Speaker, David Goudy has 
made the Montshire Museum of Science in Norwich his life’s work. Over the three dec-ades of his vigorous and enlightened service, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Feb 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A27FE8.009 E27FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E269 February 27, 2015 
David has led the Montshire Museum from a 
fledgling enterprise to a nationally recognized center for science learning. 
Under David’s leadership Montshire Mu-
seum has developed their capacity for high- quality science education. He helped form the Montshire School Partnership Initiative that supports science education in the region’s rural K–8 schools by building capacity and in-frastructure for high-quality science programs. Montshire Museum has become a national model, attracting research and program sup-port from numerous private foundations and federal agencies including the National Science Foundation (NSF), Department of Education (DOE), National Aeronautic and Space Administration (NASA), National Oce-anic Atmospheric Administration (NOAA), and the National Institutes of Health (NIH). 
As Montshire’s executive director, David 
was instrumental in creating the partnership between Dartmouth College and the Montshire Museum, known as the Dartmouth-Montshire Institute for Science Education, a collaborative effort drawing upon the resources of these two leading institutions to better serve the edu-cational needs of Vermont and New Hamp-shire. During David’s tenure, Montshire be-came an official interpretive site for the Silvio O. Conte National Fish and Wildlife Refuge in 1995. 
David’s leadership extends beyond the 
Montshire Museum. He currently serves on the executive committee of the New England Museum Association and key committees of the Association of Science and Technology Centers. He serves as an evaluator for the Museum Assessment Program of the Amer-ican Alliance of Museums. David has been recognized with the first annual New Hamp-shire Corporate Fund Award for Excellence in Nonprofit Management, and represented Montshire at a White House reception with President Clinton recognizing Montshire as the first recipient of the National Award for Mu-seum Service. 
Mr. Speaker, David has provided the 
Montshire Museum with many years of re-markable service and his lasting legacy is im-mediately clear to anyone who visits the mu-seum. While we will miss his exemplary lead-ership, the Board of Trustees is fully com-mitted to maintaining the high standards that he has established for the Montshire’s edu-cational programs, exhibits, facilities and vis-itor services. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF MAYOR 
MICHAEL B. RYAN 
HON. FRANK PALLONE, JR. 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, February 27, 2015 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I would like to 
congratulate the Honorable Michael B. Ryan on his retirement as Mayor of Lake Como, New Jersey. As a mayor, union member, and United States Army Veteran, Mayor Ryan em-bodies the American spirit and his contribu-tions are truly deserving of this body’s recogni-tion. 
Mayor Ryan has been an outstanding public 
servant and labor advocate for both New Jer-sey and his home state of California. Mayor 
Ryan’s introduction to labor and politics began in his native California, but he continued his efforts upon moving to New Jersey after marrying his wife, Marlene Brown. Mayor Ryan dedicated many years to leading his community as a council member, council president and mayor. Although retiring from elected office, Mayor Ryan remains active in local and state politics. For nearly 20 years, he has been Democratic Municipal Chairman of South Belmar and Lake Como. He has also been elected to the New Jersey State Demo-cratic Committee and previously served as President of the South Belmar Democratic Club. Mayor Ryan is also committed to pro-tecting labor rights, currently serving as Sec-retary Treasurer of the Monmouth and Ocean Counties Central Labor Council AFL-CIO and as a member of Teamsters-GCIU 612M. 
In addition to his work in the public and 
labor sectors, Mayor Ryan is an Account Rep-resentative at Dimensional Management Cor-poration and is an active member of the com-munity, volunteering at Camp Zehnder YMCA, serving as an usher at St. Rose Church and as a member of the Friendly Sons of the Shil-lelagh of the Jersey Shore and the Friendly Sons of St. Patrick. 
Mr. Speaker, once again, please join me in 
congratulating Mayor Michael Ryan on his re-tirement. It is my hope that my colleagues will join me in thanking him for his leadership and service to the Borough of Lake Como. 
f 
DETECTIVE SERGEANT THOMAS 
TROMMELEN 
HON. BILL PASCRELL, JR. 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, February 27, 2015 
Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize Detective Sergeant Thomas Trommelen who, after 30 years of service to the City of Paterson as Supervisor of the Paterson Police Department’s Special Inves-tigations Unit, is being honored for his retire-ment celebration tonight on Friday, February 27, 2015. 
A native son of Paterson, Detective Ser-
geant Trommelen has devoted his career to serving the community that raised him, most notably serving as Detective Sergeant in the Special Investigations Unit. 
A graduate of Paterson’s Don Bosco Tech-
nical High School, Detective Sergeant Trommelen first pursued his passion for public service as an emergency medical technician for Paterson’s Fire Department. After dis-playing exemplary valor serving those in crit-ical need, Detective Sergeant Trommelen was appointed as a Patrolman for the Passaic County Park Police Department and then, on November 4, 1985, found his true calling as a Patrolman with the Paterson Police Depart-ment. 
During his time as a Patrolman for the 
Paterson Police Department, Detective Ser-geant Trommelen strived to uphold the depart-ment’s mission, which is, ‘‘to preserve the peace and to protect and serve all who live or work in, as well as those who travel through, our city and in so doing, make a meaningful 
contribution to the quality of life in our commu-nity.’’ Detective Sergeant Trommelen’s enthu-siasm for public service and extraordinary work ethic in the Patrol Division prompted him to be assigned a permanent position to Paterson’s Narcotics Division, a move that would greatly benefit the City of Paterson over the next three decades. Tasked with address-ing the city’s vice issues, Detective Sergeant Trommelen proved to be a formidable force within the department, receiving commenda-tions, awards and respect amongst his col-leagues and peers alike. He has also served at the Passaic County Prosecutor’s Office as an ‘Expert Witness’ in the area of narcotics enforcement working with the DEA, FBI and other Federal Agencies in combating the plague of narcotics in and around the City of Paterson. 
Residing in Clifton, Detective Sergeant 
Trommelen has been married to this wife Joann for 25 years and they have two adult children, Alyssa and Tommy. Detective Ser-geant Trommelen and his family sustained a life changing event in December of 1997 when he lost his older brother John, a Port Authority Police Officer, to a heart attack. However, he took tragedy and turned it into a positive force through serving his community, the Knights of Columbus and St. Phillips the Apostle Parish, for many years. Just in the past few years, he has solicited the donation, managed the col-lection of and organized the distribution of thousands of jackets and pairs of shoes for Paterson’s children. 
As Co-Chair of the Congressional Law En-
forcement Caucus, I am honored to acknowl-edge Detective Sergeant Trommelen who has been a tremendous leader, mentor, and public servant in my hometown of Paterson. There is no doubt, in the minds of his family, friends and colleagues that the civic minded Detective Sergeant Trommelen will continue to ‘Serve & Protect’ for many years to come. 
The job of a United States Congressman in-
volves much that is rewarding, yet nothing compares to recognizing and commemorating the achievements of individuals such as De-tective Sergeant Thomas Trommelen. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask that you join our col-
leagues, Sgt. Trommelen’s coworkers, family and friends, all those whose lives he has touched, and me, in recognizing the career of Detective Sergeant Thomas Trommelen. 
f 
OUR UNCONSCIONABLE NATIONAL 
DEBT 
HON. MIKE COFFMAN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, February 27, 2015 
Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, on January 
20, 2009, the day President Obama took of-fice, the national debt was $10,626,877,048,913.08. 
Today, it is $18,133,356,358,144.49. We’ve 
added $7,506,479,309,231.41 to our debt in 6 years. This is over $7.5 trillion in debt our na-tion, our economy, and our children could have avoided with a balanced budget amend-ment. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Feb 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27FE8.011 E27FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E270 February 27, 2015 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. PETER J. ROSKAM 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, February 27, 2015 
Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Speaker, on roll call no. 
93, I was detained due to an unavoidable con-flict. Had I been present, I would have voted aye. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. BARBARA LEE 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, February 27, 2015 
Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I was not present for 
roll call votes 86–90 due to a family emer-gency. Had I been present, I would have voted no on #86, no on #87, yes on #88, yes on #89, and yes on #90. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF FRANK 
EDWARD ‘‘ED’’ RAY 
HON. JIM COSTA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, February 27, 2015 
Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor the life of Frank Edward ‘‘Ed’’ Ray on what would have been his 94th birthday. In a 1976 incident, Ed helped save 26 students from a kidnapping attempt in the city of Chowchilla. Recognizing such heroic actions, it is fitting and appropriate that the City of Chowchilla has chosen to name its largest park ‘‘Ed Ray Park.’’ 
Frank Edward Ray was born in Le Grand, 
California on February 26, 1921. One of eight children of Frank and Marie Ray, he moved to Chowchilla with his family and graduated from Chowchilla High School in 1940. In 1942, he married his wife, Odessa, and bought a ranch where they raised dairy cows and grew corn. Ed then worked for the Dairyland Union School District as a bus driver for nearly 40 years. 
Ed was the driver of the school bus packed 
with summer school kids that was hijacked in Chowchilla in 1976. They were later escorted into a buried moving truck in a quarry, where Ed led them to safety after he and two older boys dug their way out. During the time inside the quarry, Ray gave comfort and hope to the school children. No one was hurt and aston-ishingly he was able to recall significant details of the escort van’s license plates, assisting in the police investigation. 
Ed was a humble and quiet man; he rarely 
spoke of the ordeal. He did not flaunt himself as a hero. In his final days, Ed was visited by several of the schoolchildren he helped save from the kidnapping. They will always remem-ber him as their hero. A few years after retir-ing in 1988, he bought the bus for $500 be-cause he did not want it to become scrap metal at a junkyard. He donated it to a nearby museum in Le Grand, California. Ed’s selfless nature made him a pillar of the Chowchilla community. 
Mr. Speaker, it is with great respect that I 
recognize the memory of Frank Edward ‘‘Ed’’ Ray for his brave acts in 1976. May his brave 
deed and care for the children he drove to and from school every day never be forgotten. 
f 
EDUCATION WEEK SPOTLIGHT: 
THE COMMON-CORE STANDARDS’ UNDEMOCRATIC PUSH 
HON. MIMI WALTERS 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, February 27, 2015 
Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California. Mr. 
Speaker, I submit the following article by Williamson M. Evers, published online on Jan-uary 13, 2015. 
One of the most influential books in social 
science in the last 50 years is economist Al-bert O. Hirschman’s Exit, Voice, and Loy-alty. 
In this pivotal 1970 book, Hirschman dis-
cusses how individuals react when services they rely on deteriorate. The basic responses available to us are ‘‘exit’’ and ‘‘voice,’’ Hirschman points out, where exit means turning to a different provider or leaving the area, and voice means political participa-tion. 
We tend to think of these responses as 
stark alternatives. Hirschman, as a social scientist, wanted us to consider the inter-play between them. 
Exit usually has lower costs than voice for 
the individual. With exit, you can avoid the long slog of politics and simply turn to someone else or move somewhere else. 
But there is a limiting case: Exit can have 
high costs when individuals are loyal to in-stitutions—thus the third component in Hirschman’s trio of exit, voice, and loyalty. 
In the 1830s, when Alexis de Tocqueville 
visited the United States, he found Ameri-cans intensely loyal to their local schools. Americans saw schools as extensions of their families and neighborhoods. They viewed public schools as akin to voluntarily sup-ported charities and as part of what social scientists today call civil society. 
Tocqueville described township school 
committees that were deeply rooted in their local communities. State control of local public education took the form of an annual report sent by the township committee to the state capital. There was no national con-trol. 
Today, Americans retain much of the sen-
timent about local schools they had in Tocqueville’s day. But, increasingly, parents and taxpayers view the public schools as an unresponsive bureaucracy carrying out edicts from distant capitals. Today, we are dealing with a deteriorating situation in a declining institution, namely widespread in-effective instruction in the public schools. 
The Common Core State Standards have 
come to the fore precisely at a time when civically active individuals care much more than they usually do about exit, voice, and loyalty. But the common core has denied voice and tried to block exit. 
The common core’s designers have taken 
the existing bureaucracy and increased its centralization and uniformity. By creating the common-core content standards behind closed doors, the authors increased the alien-ation of the public from schools as institu-tions worthy of loyalty. The general public had no voice in creating or adopting the common core. 
The other approach in times of a deterio-
rating public service is offering better exit options. But the common core’s proponents have created an almost inescapable national cartel. There has long been a monopoly problem 
in public education, which was why econo-mist Milton Friedman called for opportunity scholarships (also known as vouchers) to cre-ate a powerful exit option. But even in the absence of opportunity scholarships and charter schools, we had some exit options in the past because of competitive federalism, meaning horizontal competition among ju-risdictions. 
Economist Caroline Hoxby studied metro-
politan areas with many school districts (like Boston) and metropolitan areas con-tained within one large district (like Miami or Los Angeles). She found that student per-formance is better in areas with competing multiple districts, where parents at the same income level can move to another locality, in search of a better education. 
We have also seen competitive federalism 
work in education at the interstate level. Back in the 1950s, education in Mississippi and North Carolina performed at the same low level. North Carolina tried a number of educational experiments and moved ahead of Mississippi. Likewise, Massachusetts moved up over the years from mediocre to stellar. 
The common core’s promoters are endeav-
oring to suppress competitive federalism. The common core’s rules and its curriculum guidance are the governing rules of a cartel. The common core’s promoters and their fed-eral facilitators wanted a cartel that would override competitive federalism and shut down the curriculum alternatives that fed-eralism would allow. 
The new common-core-aligned tests, whose 
development was supported with federal funds, function to police the cartel. All long- lasting cartels must have a mechanism for policing and punishing those seen as shirkers and chiselers, or, in other words, those who want to escape the cartel’s strictures or who want increased flexibility so they can suc-ceed. 
The new leadership of the College Board by 
David Coleman, one of the common core’s chief architects, is being used to corral Catholic schools, other private schools, and home-schooling parents into the cartel. The proponents of the common core have now es-tablished a clearinghouse for authorized teaching materials to try to close off any re-maining possible avenue of escaping the car-tel. 
What was the rationale for the common 
core? The name given to the Obama adminis-tration’s signature school reform effort, the Race to the Top program, promotes the idea that the federal government needs to step in and lead a race. Central to this rhetoric is the idea that state performance standards were already on a downward slide and that, without nationalization, standards would in-exorably continue on a ‘‘race to the bot-tom.’’ 
I would disagree. While providers of public 
education certainly face the temptation to do what might look like taking the easy way out by letting academic standards decline, there is also countervailing pressure in the direction of higher standards. 
If state policymakers and education offi-
cials let content standards slip, low stand-ards will damage a state’s reputation for having a trained workforce. Such a drop in standards will even damage the policy-
makers’ own reputations. 
In 2007, the Thomas B. Fordham Institute 
looked empirically at state performance standards over time in a study called ‘‘The Proficiency Illusion.’’ The study showed that, while states had a variety of perform-ance standards (as would be expected in a federal system), the supposed ‘‘race to the bottom’’ was not happening. The proponents of the common core are wrong in their claims that state performance standards were inevitably on a downward slide. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Feb 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27FE8.015 E27FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E271 February 27, 2015 
The common core, in fact, provided relief 
from competitive pressure from other states. Sonny Perdue, the governor of Georgia at the time that the common core was created (the initiative was launched in 2009, and the standards were released in 2010), did not like it when the low-performing students of his state were compared with students in other states with standards different from Geor-gia’s. He became the lead governor in bring-ing the National Governors Association into the national standards effort. 
Nationalizing standards and tests elimi-
nated them as differentiated school reform instruments that could be used by states in competition over educational attainment among the states. 
The common core undermines citizens’ 
exit option and competitive federalism. It was designed to do so. It likewise evades and negates the voice option. But the makers of this malign utopia have forgotten a few things. 
They forgot that the desire for a voice, the 
desire for political action, can become par-ticularly intense when people are faced with the prospect of nowhere to exit to. They for-got that hemming in parents and teachers would create a demand for alternatives and escape routes. Alternatives to the national common-core-aligned tests have arisen. States are dropping these national tests. States are also struggling to escape the com-mon-core cartel itself. Parents are opting out of common-core testing. 
By trying to block exit and voice, the de-
signers and proponents of the Common Core State Standards have caused blowback: A large parent-, teacher-, and community- based movement has arisen to oppose the common core and its national tests. 
f 
DEDICATION TO RESEARCH 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, February 27, 2015 
Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
congratulate Dr. Arturo Hernandez, Pearland, Texas resident and University of Houston pro-fessor, on receiving the Friedrich Wilhelm Bessel Research Award. This award honors his groundbreaking research on how the brain processes and learns language. 
Dr. Hernandez’s research on language 
study merits such recognition not only be-cause it is an outstanding accomplishment in its own right, but also because it opens the gate to a new and undiscovered field of study at the convergence of language processing and genetics. 
I commend Dr. Arturo Hernandez on his 
dedication to research that promises to inform and meaningfully impact the education proc-ess. On behalf of the residents of the Twenty- Second Congressional of Texas, congratula-tions again to Dr. Hernandez for receiving the Friedrich Wilhelm Bessel Research Award. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. MIKE POMPEO 
OF KANSAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, February 27, 2015 
Mr. POMPEO. Mr. Speaker, on roll call no. 
92, 93, 94 I was unable to cast my vote due to attending a speaking event on the impor-tance of U.S. Cyber Security. Had I been 
present, I would have voted Yea. 
f 
NIGERIA ON THE BRINK? 
HON. CHRISTOPHER H. SMITH 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, February 27, 2015 
Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, Ni-
geria is Africa’s most populous nation and is the continent’s largest economy. Unfortu-nately, Nigeria is beset by various challenges that threaten the peace and stability of this Af-rican giant. The terrorist group Boko Haram continues its bloody reign of terror, now threat-ening to establish a ‘‘caliphate’’ on the model of ISIS in the Levant. Religious and ethnic dis-cord, which pre-dates Boko Haram’s emer-gence, continues unabated. Lower oil prices have serious damaged an economy signifi-cantly dependent on oil revenues. Meanwhile, the prospect of a violent repeat of the 2011 post-election scene has ratcheted up tensions in Nigeria even further. A hearing that I re-cently held examined the situation in Nigeria and the U.S. efforts to maintain positive rela-tions with the largest U.S. trading partner in Africa and a major ally in international peace-keeping. 
U.S.-Nigeria relations were understandably 
rocky during the military rule of Sani Abacha in the 1990s. However, the advent of democ-racy with the 1999 elections ushered in an im-proved atmosphere of cooperation. Nigeria consistently ranks among the top recipients of U.S. bilateral foreign assistance and is the second-largest beneficiary of U.S. investment in Africa. In recent months, though, our rela-tions have deteriorated. Apparently, some in the government of President Goodluck Jona-than feel the United States is meddling in their internal affairs, especially when it comes to our noting deprival of the due process rights of citizens by Nigerian military and security forces. Our view is that friends don’t just stand by when friends commit human rights abuses. 
The subcommittee that I chair held a hear-
ing last July 10th to examine the complaints that human rights vetting was a major obstacle to U.S. counterterrorism. What we found was that the State Department estimated that half of Nigerian forces would pass our vetting proc-ess, which we found is slowed by too few staff working on these important issues. Still, the Nigerian Government must be more coopera-tive. Some units in larger divisions may have human rights issues, but if replaced by units without such baggage, there would be created an entirely acceptable division for training. Late last year, the Nigerian Government can-celled the counter-terrorism training of one of its battalions, which now places the entire training program on hold. We are making ar-rangements for discussions in the near future with Nigerian Military officials and Members of Congress and the Obama administration to overcome the current stalemate and resume the cooperation necessary to meet the chal-lenge posed by Boko Haram. 
This terrorist group has wreaked havoc on 
the people of Nigeria, particularly in the north-east. It is estimated that more than 5,500 peo-ple were killed in Boko Haram attacks last year alone, representing more than 60% of the more than 9,000 deaths caused by this group in the past five years. As many as 2,000 peo-
ple may have perished in the Boko Haram at-tack on the town of Baga and nearby villages last month. More than a million Nigerians have been displaced internally by the violence, and tens of thousands of others are now refugees in neighboring countries. Clearly, Boko Haram violence is escalating drastically. 
Boko Haram has become part of the global 
jihadist movement and threatens not only Ni-geria, but also Cameroon, Chad and Niger. While the terrorist group may not be an official affiliate of al-Qaeda or ISIS, they appear to be trying to create an Islamic caliphate in Nigeria. Various press reports estimate that the group has seized as much as 70% of Borno state, with additional territory under its control in neighboring Yobe and Adamawa states. In fact, Reuters calculated that by mid-January of this year, Boko Haram was in control of more than 30,000 square kilometers of territory—an area the size of the state of Maryland. For ap-proximately two years, I pressed the adminis-tration to designate Boko Haram as a Foreign Terrorist organization (FTO). I argued that, like cancer, early intervention can mitigate its spread, severity and duration. I traveled to Ni-geria twice and convened three hearings dur-ing the last Congress on why an FTO des-ignation might help, only to be told by then-As-sistant Secretary of State Johnnie Carson that ‘‘the phenomenon of Boko Haram is one of discrediting the Central Government in power for its failure to deliver services to people.’’ 
On the very day of our hearing to consider 
a bill on FTO designation, the state Depart-ment, led by Secretary of State Kerry an-nounced that Boko Haram was being des-ignated a Foreign Terrorist organization. 
Meanwhile, Nigeria faces the prospects of 
post-election violence after presidential voting. The race pits President Jonathan against former Nigerian military ruler General Muhammadu Buhari in a re-run of the 2011 elections. This time, however, Buhari’s All Pro-gressive Congress (APC) is a coalition of major opposition political parties and includes defectors from President Jonathan’s People’s Democratic Party (PDP), such as Speaker of the National Assembly Aminu Tambuwal. 
Some PDP officials have referred to their 
opponents as ‘‘Nigeria’s Muslim Brotherhood,’’ while APC officials accuse the Jonathan ad-ministration of representing only Christian southerners. Party spokesmen on both sides have warned of potential violence if their can-didate doesn’t win. Out of nearly 69 million registered voters in Nigeria, political observers believe this race could be decided by as few as 700,000 votes. Lack of action by the gov-ernment to ensure that internally displaced voters can participate in the elections, delays in the distribution of voter cards and in the re-cruitment and training of poll workers places in question the effectiveness of the February elections. 
Moreover, the election laws require that a 
winning presidential candidate must achieve a majority of the votes and at least 25% of the vote in two-thirds of the states. With so much territory in the control of Boko Haram or under the threat of their violence in the North, the northern-based APC likely would question a loss even though they have refused to accept a delay in voting to ensure that pre-election preparations are complete. 
According to a recent Gallup poll, only 13% 
of Nigerians have confidence in the electoral 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Feb 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A27FE8.018 E27FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E272 February 27, 2015 
process. This makes the ‘‘Quick Count’’ being 
planned by a coalition of Nigerian civil society groups vital in providing any confidence that the vote on February 14th reflects the will of the people. 
In the face of all the challenges faced by Ni-
geria, its allies—such as the United States— must understand fully the context of this situa-tion in order to determine how best to be of help. We hope that the Nigerian Government resulting from the February elections will be accepting of outside advice and assistance. Nigeria is the proverbial ‘‘too big to fail’’ na-tion. A collapse of its economy, increase in refugees to its neighbors or spread of its homegrown terrorism to the region and the broader international community clearly will be problematic for more than just Nigeria. Reli-gious extremism already is a problem else-where in the Sahel region. Last month, Muslim extremists destroyed more than 40 Christian churches in Niger because of what they felt was irreverent depictions of the prophet Mo-hammed—not in Niger but in Europe. The hearing was just the beginning of our renewed efforts to help Nigeria address the problems that threaten its stability. We must be honest with Nigerians and ourselves about the difficul-ties we both face. This is why we have asked our witnesses to give their honest assess-ments of where we are in the various situa-tions Nigeria encounters and to suggest what actions our Government can and should take to be most helpful. It is in our mutual interest to do so, and therefore, we will continue our efforts to restore full military and security co-operation between our two countries. 
f 
THE IMPORTANCE OF LOCAL 
BROADCASTERS 
SPEECH OF  
HON. RICHARD HUDSON 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, February 25, 2015 
Mr. HUDSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize the invaluable service that local broadcasters bring to North Carolina’s 8th Congressional district. 
From coverage on the most serious issues 
facing our communities to commentary on local sports teams, we often turn to our local television and radio stations to provide us with timely and relevant news coverage. 
Just this week, North Carolina experienced 
a winter storm that impacted my constituents. It was local broadcasters who were there to deliver emergency communications, weather forecasts, tips on staying safe, and information regarding school closures. 
Time and time again, the tireless efforts of 
our local broadcasting teams produce in-depth reporting that keeps citizens informed on a va-riety of topics that are important to their lives. 
They often lead the way in generosity in our 
communities and encourage citizens to lend a helping hand to their fellow neighbor. 
It is an honor to extend these remarks 
thanking the local broadcasters in North Caro-lina’s 8th Congressional district for their serv-ice to our communities. BLACK HISTORY MONTH— 
WEEKSVILLE (BROOKLYN, NY) 
HON. YVETTE D. CLARKE 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, February 27, 2015 
Ms. CLARKE of New York. Mr. Speaker, as 
Black History Month comes to a close, I would like to share with you the untold story of Weeksville. Weeksville, though rarely men-tioned among the historically black and vibrant neighborhoods, was very dynamic and was founded by African-American free men in Brooklyn during the 19th century. 
In 1838, a former Virginia slave named 
James Weeks bought land from another free African-American man. Several African-Amer-ican investors, political activists and other free men from the South started moving to this plot of land bought by Mr. Weeks. As more and more people moved to this Promised Land, it became known as Weeksville. By 1850, more than 500 African-American free men were re-siding in Weeksville. 
According to historical reports, the popu-
lation of Weeksville was quite diverse, two of the residents were born in Africa, 40% of the residents were south-born and the rest of the inhabitants were from all over the East Coast. Not only was Weeksville diverse, but it was also a successful and independent community. One-third of the men in the neighborhood over the age of 21 were landowners, the commu-nity had its own churches, had a school which was the first school in the U.S. to integrate both staff and students, and a newspaper called ‘‘Freedman’s Torchlight’’. In the 1860s, the national headquarter of the African Society Civilization was located in Weeksville and the neighborhood also housed an orphanage called the Howard Colored Orphan Asylum. 
Today, all that remains of Weeksville are 
four small cottages known as the Hunter Road houses. Fortunately, the Weeks Heritage Cen-ter formed in 1972 has managed to raise funds to preserve the houses as National His-toric places. Preserving such landscapes is important to educate our children and to em-brace the beauty of their heritage. 
If you want to learn more about Weeksville, 
I invite you to read the book ‘‘Brooklyn’s Promised Land: The Free Black Community of Weeksville, New York’’ by Judith Wellman. In this book, Professor Wellman provides details about the everyday lives of the inhabitants of Weeksville and also narrates the rise and fall of this promising community. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. ADRIAN SMITH 
OF NEBRASKA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, February 27, 2015 
Mr. SMITH of Nebraska. Mr. Speaker, on 
February 26, 2015 my vote on roll call no. 98 was not recorded electronically. I would like to state that I intended to vote ‘‘no’’. TRIBUTE TO THE TRINITY COL-
LEGE BANTAMS MENS SQUASH TEAM—2015 NATIONAL CHAM-PIONS 
HON. JOHN B. LARSON 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, February 27, 2015 
Mr. LARSON of Connecticut. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today to pay tribute to the 2015 National Team Championship (NTC) Men’s champions, the Trinity College Bantams. On Sunday, Feb-ruary 22, the men secured their 15th national title and Potter Cup. 
Their accomplishments continue to raise the 
standard for athleticism and achievement. I would like to congratulate each member of the team, Coach Paul Assaiante, and all the fans and supporters who made this great victory possible. Also, the Trinity’s women’s squash team deserves special recognition for their strong season under Coach Wendy Bartlett. 
I cannot communicate these achievements 
more articulately than the Hartford Courant did in its editorial published on February 23rd: Trinity College Bantams Rule Men’s Squash Roost. 
I submit the text of that article. 
[From The Hartford Courant, Feb. 23, 2015] 
TRINITY COLLEGE BANTAMS RULEMEN’S 
SQUASH ROOST 
Congratulations to Trinity College’s men’s 
squash team, which defended its home court Sunday and brought home its 15th national championship since 1998. The Bantams re-claimed the crown they have lost only lost four times in 19 consecutive finals appear-ances. Once the mouse that roared among the indoor racket game’s longtime Ivy League establishment, Trinity has gone from upstart to pacesetter. 
Under the steady tutelage of coach Paul 
Assaiante, who has guided the team’s re-markable rise to the squash elite, the Ban-tams won a handy 7–2 victory over St. Law-rence University, which was making its ini-tial appearance in the national finals. It was the first time that no Ivy League team was in the Potter Cup finals since the champion-ship began in 1989. Among college champions crowned since 1942, only the U.S. Naval Academy and Trinity have supplanted Ivy League schools as national champions. In a sign of the sport’s broadening reach, the Uni-versity of Rochester and Franklin and Mar-shall College were other non-Ivy contenders this year. 
Trinity’s women’s squash team, the 2014 
national champions, deserves its own con-gratulations for a strong season that fell one win short of defending its title. The women, under coach Wendy Bartlett, lost in the na-tional finals to the Harvard University women on Feb. 15. 
f 
RECOGNIZING DENVER INTER-
NATIONAL AIRPORT’S (DIA) 20 YEARS OF SERVICE 
HON. DIANA DeGETTE 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, February 27, 2015 
Ms. D EGETTE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize Denver International Airport’s (DIA) 20 years of service to the people of Colorado. The airport started serving flyers on February 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:40 Feb 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K27FE8.011 E27FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E273 February 27, 2015 
28, 1995 and has brought travelers to and 
from Denver safely and swiftly ever since. 
Today, Denver International’s CEO, Kim 
Day, and the airport staff operate the fifth- busiest airport in the country. DIA has become an economic engine for the state of Colorado, stimulating more than $26 billion in annual revenue for the region. 
Additionally, DIA now supports more than 
183,000 jobs, with an estimated annual payroll of nearly $8.5 billion. The airport has grown to serve more than 170 nonstop destinations around the world in nine countries, rep-resenting new gateways to cultural and eco-nomic opportunities in Asia, Central America, Europe, and beyond. 
In addition to serving the people of Colo-
rado, DIA set the standard for environmentally responsible airports. Denver International’s translucent fabric canopy takes advantage of our 300 days of sunshine per year to create a passively lit interior. Additionally, the airport hosts a 9,000 panel solar array that produces 3.5 million kilowatts of power. 
For me, DIA’s distinctive profile that mimics 
both the snow-peaked Rockies and the Native American teepees of Colorado’s history means that I have arrived home. 
I congratulate everyone involved with the 
airport in reaching this milestone anniversary and extend my sincere gratitude for their con-tinued success and service to our community. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF RON 
FRANKEL 
HON. JACKIE SPEIER 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, February 27, 2015 
Ms. SPEIER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor 
Ron Frankel who was chosen to receive the 2015 Community Care Award by the Hillsborough Schools’ Associated Parents Groups. This award is reserved for an indi-vidual who has made sustained and significant contributions that have broadly touched the lives of our children. Not only is he a terrific science teacher, but you will not find anyone in Hillsborough or the entire school district who doesn’t sing the praises of Mr. Frankel as the best administrator of the 6th grade Out-door Ed program. 
The 6th grade Outdoor Ed program is a 
one-week field trip to Jones Gulch for all 6th graders in the school district—that is approxi-mately 200 students each year. This is no or-dinary field trip, it’s a life-changing experience for our children. It also is no ordinary field trip to coordinate; it is a complex, time-consuming and detail oriented process that most teachers would not want to lead. But then there is Ron Frankel, the outstanding science and music teacher who has singlehandedly coordinated the Outdoor Ed program for over 15 years. He spends countless hours before, during and after the trip arranging for teachers to attend, booking high school aged counselors, figuring out cabin assignments, holding parent infor-mation meetings, fielding all questions, and most importantly, putting the children at ease while they prepare for their big adventure away from home. Outdoor Ed is undoubtedly one of the most memorable experiences for all Hillsborough City School District students. 
Ron’s enthusiasm for this program is un-
matched and he deserves credit for making it so successful. As a former student of Crocker 
Middle School and a teacher there for almost two decades, he has a unique connection to the students and the school. He lightens up the campus environment with music and laughter. Among his wonderful creations are the Ro-Sham-Bo World Championship, Pickle Day, Open Mike during recess and the 6th grade music appreciation class. Ron’s quiet, gentle and understated way of teaching instills an honest and deep passion for learning in all of his students. He sets them on a path to be-come caring and engaged citizens. 
I had the good fortune to have both my chil-
dren taught by Mr. Frankel who said his pas-sion for science made even the mundane in-teresting to 12 and 13-year-olds. Awesome! Words from children say it all. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask the House of Represent-
atives to rise with me to recognize a model teacher in Hillsborough, California whose em-brace of his students, science and life are an inspiration to parents and his colleagues. Ron Frankel truly deserves to be honored with the 2015 Hillsborough Schools’ Community Care Award. 
f 
RECOGNIZING DR. KNEELAND 
YOUNGBLOOD 
HON. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, February 27, 2015 
Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Dr. Kneeland Youngblood, a physician, business-man, and former presidential appointee, who will be recognized by the Texas Legislative Black Caucus on March 1 for his marked achievements and distinguished success as a prominent African-American business leader and compassionate and dedicated civil and public servant. 
Born from the town of Galena Park, Texas 
on December 13, 1955, Dr. Youngblood has led a remarkably storied life. After receiving his Bachelor of Arts in political science at Princeton University in 1978. During his stud-ies at Princeton, Dr. Youngblood attended courses at Wamborough College in Oxford and the University of Stockholm in Sweden. He went on to earn his Medical Degree from the University of Texas Health Science Center in 1982. While at the University of Texas, he broadened his studies at the Cairo University Medical School. 
Dr. Youngblood completed his medical resi-
dency in emergency medicine at the Emory University School of Medicine and subse-quently returned to Texas and began medical practice at the Medical Center of Plano. In 1997, Dr. Youngblood left the medical profes-sion and co-founded the Pharos Capital Group, LLC, which manages over $200 million in technology, business services, and healthcare company investments. 
During the Clinton Administration, Dr. 
Youngblood was appointed to the Board of Di-rectors for the United States Enrichment Cor-poration charged with providing nuclear fuel to countries hoping to utilize nuclear power as a sustainable energy source. He took his work to South Africa in 1998 where he met Nelson Mandela and was inspired to pen From Sit-In to Soweto, the famous essay that details his reflection on time he spent as a student activ-
ist protesting South African businesses at Princeton to his work in South Africa. Further-more, Dr. Youngblood was a part of First Lady Hillary Clinton’s Health Care Task Force. 
Since then, Dr. Youngblood has served in 
various senior management roles for a pleth-ora of corporations and organizations. Some of these notable organizations include: the Teacher Retirement System of the State of Texas; AMR Investments; Starwood Hotels & Lodging; Burger King, and The Gap. 
Please join me in recognizing Dr Kneeland 
Youngblood for his immeasurable contribu-tions to the Dallas community, the great state of Texas, and to the legacy of African Amer-ican entrepreneurship in America. 
f 
HONORING SHERMAN L. JENKINS 
HON. BILL FOSTER 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, February 27, 2015 
Mr. FOSTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor Sherman L. Jenkins, who was named Outstanding African-American of the Year by the City of Aurora’s African-American Heritage Advisory Board. 
Mr. Jenkins has been a key figure in the 
growth and development of the city of Aurora, Illinois. From 1991 until his retirement in 2012, Mr. Jenkins worked as assistant director and then as executive director of the Aurora Eco-nomic Development Commission. Under his leadership, the Aurora Economic Development Commission fostered the creation of the city’s first downtown Master Plan, formed the Seize the Future Development Foundation, and worked to bring the Chicago Premium Outlets and many other infrastructure and business projects to Aurora, Illinois. 
In addition to his business career, Mr. Jen-
kins has been committed to serving his com-munity. He is a member of the Ely Chapter of Lambda Alpha International, Rotary Club of Aurora, Past Chairman and Board Emeritus of the Aurora Public Library Foundation, a board member of the Northern Lights Development Corporation, and an Advisory Council member of the Board of Directors for the Quad County African American Chamber of Commerce. 
Mr. Jenkins is the President of SLJ Devel-
opment Corporation and SLJ Communications, Inc., publisher of the monthly digital magazine Tell Me Somethin’ Good, which focuses on Af-rican-American life outside the City of Chi-cago. 
I would like to congratulate Mr. Jenkins as 
he receives the Outstanding African-American of the Year Award from the City of Aurora’s African-American Heritage Advisory Board and thank him for his service to our community. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. DAVID E. PRICE 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, February 27, 2015 
Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. Speaker, 
due to the tragic shooting of three young Mus-lim students in my district, I was unable to vote during Roll Call 79, the motion to recom-mit H.R. 644, the Fighting Hunger Incentive 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Feb 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A27FE8.023 E27FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E274 February 27, 2015 
Act, as well as Roll Call 80, final passage of 
H.R. 644. 
I was also unable to vote on Roll Call 81, 
the motion to recommit H.R. 636, America’s Small Business Tax Relief Act, as well as Roll Call 82, final Passage of H.R. 636. 
Had I been present, I would have voted for 
both the motions to recommit and voted against H.R. 644 and H.R. 636 on final pas-sage. 
f 
HONORING THOMAS H. WARREN, 
SR. 
HON. BRAD ASHFORD 
OF NEBRASKA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, February 27, 2015 
Mr. ASHFORD. Mr. Speaker, as we close 
out Black History Month, I want to recognize a leader in my community in Nebraska, Thom-as H. Warren, Sr., the President and CEO of the Urban League of Nebraska. Prior to as-suming his leadership role at ULN, Mr. Warren served for 24 years with the Omaha Police Department, serving 4 years as the Chief of Police—the first African American to assume this position. Mr. Warren transformed the struggling Urban League of Nebraska into an organization serving the public’s interest and advocating for social justice. Today, ULN pro-vides programs in youth development, employ-ment services and violence prevention—serv-ices that were not previously offered in our community. Thomas Warren’s record of public service is extensive, but it is safe to say that Omaha would not be the same without him. He has been recognized on both the local and national level for his dedication to our commu-nity, and it is with great honor that I recognize him here on the House floor. On behalf of our community, I want to say thank you to Mr. Thomas Warren, Sr. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. ROBERT HURT 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, February 27, 2015 
Mr. HURT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I was 
not present for Roll Call vote #95, a recorded vote on the Kennedy of Massachusetts Part B Amendment No. 1 to H.R. 5. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
I was not present for Roll Call vote #96, a 
recorded vote on the Grothman of Wisconsin Part B Amendment No. 2 to H.R. 5. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
I was not present for Roll Call vote #97, a 
recorded vote on the Castro of Texas Part B Amendment No. 6 to H.R. 5. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
I was not present for Roll Call vote #98, a 
recorded vote on the Quigley of Illinois Part B Amendment No. 9 to H.R. 5. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
I was not present for Roll Call vote #99, a 
recorded vote on the Moore of Wisconsin Part B Amendment No. 13 to H.R. 5. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ STUDENT SUCCESS ACT 
SPEECH OF  
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, February 25, 2015 
The House in Committee of the Whole 
House on the state of the Union had under consideration the bill (H.R. 5) to support State and local accountability for public education, protect State and local authority, inform parents of the performance of their children’s schools, and for other purposes: 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chair, I rise in op-
position to H.R. 5, the ‘‘Student Success Act,’’ which would harm the education of our na-tion’s youth. 
I thank Chairman K
LINE, Ranking Member 
SCOTT , and all the members of the Committee 
on Education and the Workforce for their work to improve education for our nation’s children. 
Unfortunately, the bill before the House for 
consideration, should it become law, would harm our most vulnerable children, including those who attend urban and rural schools, and special needs children who need equal access to an excellent education. 
The bill as it exists now allows for the estab-
lishment of separate, lower standards for stu-dents with developmental disabilities. 
As a result of these standards, opportunities 
available for students with disabilities later in life would suffer considerably. 
H.R. 5 converts much of the funding cur-
rently directed at English learners, migrant stu-dents, or at-risk students into block-grants, which would enable those funds to be spent outside the target populations. 
Support for these students would also be 
eroded by suspending requirements that school districts improve the English-speaking ability of such students. 
One of the most dangerous provisions of 
this bill is the proposal to allow ‘‘portability’’ of funds under Title I of the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act. 
This proposal, if enacted, would allow states 
to redirect funds away from districts with the highest concentrations of poverty, and into more affluent districts with less need for such support. 
This proposal is especially harmful for Hous-
ton school districts, where an estimated 31.5% of children live below the poverty line. The vast majority of these children are Black or Hispanic. 
As legislators, as Americans, we have a 
generational responsibility to enhance the lives of those who will follow us, especially the most vulnerable. 
It is sobering to me, as the founder and co- 
chair of the Congressional Children’s Caucus and someone who has long advocated on be-half of young people from all backgrounds, to see a bill that would have such a negative im-pact on the very children who need our help the most. 
In addition to these sad truths, the bill cur-
rently under consideration would strike a dev-astating blow to our schools’ ability to provide the variety of programs that our children de-serve. 
It repeals dedicated funding for programs 
such as student safety, after and summer school programming, STEM education, edu-cation technology, arts education, literacy and block-grants support, forcing high-need dis-
tricts to choose between funding vital services. 
It should not be overlooked that one of 
these programs that is considered expendable is STEM-focused education, an area of impor-tance both nationally and to my constituents in Houston. 
The Houston region is one of the most im-
portant industrial bases in the world and was recently ranked the No. 1 US manufacturing city by Manufacturers’ News Inc. 
Houston is also home to the largest medical 
complex in the world—the Texas Medical Cen-ter—and provides clinical health care, re-search and education at its 54 institutions. 
These jobs, and truly the middle class of 
this decade as a whole, are dependent on workers who get the right STEM education and job training today. 
Brookings’ Metropolitan Policy Program’s re-
port ‘‘The Hidden STEM Economy’’ reported that in 2011, 26 million jobs or 20 percent of all occupations required knowledge in 1 or more STEM areas. 
The same report stressed that fully half of 
all STEM jobs are available to workers without a 4 year degree and these jobs pay on aver-age $53,000 a year, which is 10 percent high-er than jobs with similar education require-ments. 
To eliminate federal funding aimed at en-
hancing STEM education is to cripple an en-tire generation of America’s youth, leaving them without skills that may be essential in se-curing their own future and the economic pros-perity of our nation. 
Finally, it must be addressed that the defin-
ing characteristic of our primary and sec-ondary education system has been to prepare our students for college. 
H.R. 5 does not contain any provisions that 
states consult with institutes of higher edu-cation in order to ensure that their academic standards are consistent with what will be de-manded of those students once they graduate. 
As a result, many students, even after re-
ceiving a high school diploma, will find them-selves unprepared to pursue a college degree if they choose to. 
Furthermore, the bill eliminates the current 
requirements that districts take action when their schools are under resourced and unable to meet the needs of all students. 
Together with the lack of consideration and 
support for at-risk and low-income youth, this will result in those students being marginalized and denied educational opportunity rather than given the support and resources they so des-perately need. 
There is no greater testament to the sub-
stantial and wide-ranging harm done by this bill than the coalition of organizations that have voiced their opposition, including: 
National Education Association American Federation of Teachers Committee for Education Funding 
Consortium for Citizens with Disabilities 
(CCD) 
American Association of People with Dis-
abilities 
Leadership Conference on Civil and Human 
Rights 
NAACP Legal Defense and Education Fund League of United Latin American Citizens 
(LULAC) 
National Council of La Raza U.S. Chamber of Commerce Business Roundtable 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Feb 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A27FE8.027 E27FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E275 February 27, 2015 
I urge all members to join with me in heed-
ing their counsel and opposing H.R. 5. 
f 
RECOGNIZING DUBLIN POLICE 
CHIEF TOM M CCARTHY 
HON. ERIC SWALWELL 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, February 27, 2015 
Mr. SWALWELL of California. Mr. Speaker, 
I rise to honor Dublin Police Chief Tom McCarthy as he leaves his current position for a new role as Executive Director of the East Bay Regional Communications System Au-thority (EBRCSA). 
For 32 years, Tom has worked diligently to 
keep the East Bay safe. He started with the Alameda County Sheriffs Office as Deputy Sheriff in 1983. 
Tom rose through the ranks and in 2009 
was named Commander. In that job he worked to improve regional disaster response across the San Francisco Bay Area. 
For the last four and a half years, Tom has 
led the 50-person police department in Dublin. Beyond leading the effort to protect the resi-dents of Dublin, he has been an active mem-ber of our community. 
Tom has spoken often at schools, commu-
nity meetings, and other events across the city. He also has led discussions on critical public health and safety issues facing Dublin. 
Tom is committed to openness and engage-
ment with residents. He has hosted a popular ‘‘Coffee with the Chief’’ program, which gives the people of Dublin a chance to meet and get to know Tom and other members of the Dublin police force. 
Tom is a well-respected leader in Dublin, 
and the people of Dublin are better off due to his service. 
Now Tom will be moving on to lead the 
EBRCSA, which is responsible for interoper-able communications among dozens of agen-cies in the East Bay. I know he will continue to serve the people of the East Bay well in this new role, and I wish him all the best. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF PERLA 
IBARRIENTOS 
HON. JACKIE SPEIER 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, February 27, 2015 
Ms. SPEIER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor 
Perla Ibarrientos, an outstanding volunteer and citizen of San Mateo County, on the occa-sion of her 80th birthday. Perla currently serves on the Daly City Personnel Board and volunteers her time and energy to a long list of organizations benefiting everyone in our community, in particular our children. I am honored to count Perla as a dear friend and close adviser whom I have known for over three decades. 
Perla turned her life into the American 
Dream. Born in the Philippines, she earned a Bachelor of Science degree and worked in her family’s pharmacy. Her husband Mig, an engi-neer, worked for the electric company. During the 60s and 70s they lived under the repres-sive regime of President Ferdinand Marcos and dreamed of a better life for their family. In 
the early 70s, Mig, Perla and their three chil-dren, Glenn, Joy Ann and Gladys, left their home in the Philippines to create a brand new one in the United States. They settled in Broadmoor, California, and Perla immediately started to get involved in her new community. She volunteered as a teacher’s aide at Gar-den Village Elementary and as an elder in the Presbyterian Church. 
A few years later, the family moved to Daly 
City where they still live today. Perla served on the PTA Board and Parents Advisory Board at Westmoor High School. She re-cruited qualified Filipino teachers to address a significant shortage of diversity and to better reflect the population. Daly City, which is lo-cated in my 14th Congressional District, has one of the largest Filipino communities in the world. 
Perla is a tireless advocate for equality and 
access to education. Inside and outside of the classroom, she has instilled in children a pas-sion for learning and set them on a path to be-come engaged and contributing citizens. Her own children are shining examples of her val-ues. Glenn serves as the Director of Nursing for San Mateo County and is a retired Major in the U.S. Air Force Reserve. Joy Ann serves as Vice President of John Wells Production at Warner Brothers. Gladys is Assistant CEO of the San Mateo County Employees Retirement Association. 
In the 1980s, Perla became a U.S. citizen, 
one of the proudest moments in her life. She never tires of civic engagement and seeking ways to help others. She serves a long list of organizations, including as the Chair of the Fil-ipino Bayanihan Center in Daly City, Vice- President of the North Peninsula Food Pantry and Dining Center and Director of the Amer-ican Baptist Homes of the West/Hillcrest Sen-ior Housing. 
Perla is a true trailblazer. She became the 
first Filipina to serve on the Daly City Library Board of Trustees from 1990 to 1995 and the Daly City Personnel Board since 2007. Her humility and resolve make her an effective leader, an inspirational role model and a won-derful person to be around. Her warmth, beau-tiful smile and embracing personality have earned her the love and respect of everyone in the community. 
She has been recognized by numerous dis-
tinguished organizations. In 2013 and 1997, she was awarded the State of California Leg-islative Woman of the Year for the 19th As-sembly District. In 2007, she was named one of the 100 Most Influential Filipina Women in the U.S.A. by the Filipino Women’s Network and Outstanding Filipino American Women by the FilAm Coalition. In 2005, she was named Daly City Citizen of the Year and in 1999, she received the Presbyterian Women Honorary Life Membership Award. These awards reflect the great contributions Perla has made to the lives of Daly City residents. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask that the House of Rep-
resentatives join to me in saying happy birth-day to my friend Perla Ibarrientos and to rec-ognize her for her decades of outstanding service to the community she loves. Her work and commitment have made Daly City a better place for all residents. ANOTHER STATE CHAMPIONSHIP 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, February 27, 2015 
Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
congratulate Ricky Regas, Cinco Ranch High School senior, for winning his fourth consecu-tive wrestling state championship. Ricky also ended his high school career with an undefeated season. 
Despite being injured at regionals, Ricky 
was able to battle through to defeat his oppo-nents. His parents and coaches also deserve credit for helping to play an important role in providing you with the tools to achieve suc-cess. On behalf of the residents of the Twen-ty-Second Congressional District of Texas, congratulations again to Ricky Regas for win-ning a fourth consecutive state championship. We wish him luck in his future endeavors. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. BARBARA LEE 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, February 27, 2015 
Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I was not present for 
roll call votes 91–99 due to a family emer-gency. Had I been present, I would have voted no on #91, no on #92, no on #93, no on #94, yes on #95, no on #96, yes on #97, yes on #98, and yes on #99. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. PETER J. ROSKAM 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, February 27, 2015 
Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Speaker, on roll call no. 
94 I was detained due to an unavoidable con-flict. Had I been present, I would have voted aye. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE VICTIMS 
OF SUMGAIT POGROMS 
HON. FRANK PALLONE, JR. 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, February 27, 2015 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
commemorate the Sumgait pogroms—violent riots that resulted in the murder of hundreds of Armenians. This was perhaps one of the most gruesome atrocities in a series of hostile acts against the Armenian people. 
In 1988, Armenians living in the town of 
Sumgait in Azerbaijan were burned alive, thrown from windows and senselessly mur-dered by Azerbaijanis. Hundreds of people were killed, raped, and maimed simply be-cause they were Armenians. 
The police forces turned a blind eye towards 
the situation and allowed the crimes to con-tinue for three days without intervention. Since then, Azerbaijan has sought to cover up these crimes and rewrite history. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:40 Feb 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A27FE8.030 E27FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E276 February 27, 2015 
As we prepare to observe 100 years since 
the Armenian Genocide, these more recent acts of violence against Armenians remind us that the work towards peace in the region con-tinues. 
Today, we recognize the anniversary of the 
Sumgait pogroms and to call attention to the work we have ahead of us. We have a shared responsibility to speak out when groups of people are targeted with oppression and vio-lence just because of their ethnicity. 
Along with my colleagues on the Congres-
sional Armenian Issues Caucus, I continue my efforts to try and shed light on these events so that those lives lost are not forgotten. We will continue to promote mutual understanding and security through the Caucasus region. 
It is my hope that we can all join together 
in condemning acts of violence in the past, and renew our commitment to vigilance in the future. 
f 
RECOGNIZING ST. MARK’S SCHOOL, 
SOUTHBOROUGH, MASSACHUSETTS 
HON. RODNEY P. FRELINGHUYSEN 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, February 27, 2015 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor the St. Mark’s School for its dedication to academia, guidance, and per-sonal growth. 
St. Mark’s School, located in Southborough, 
Massachusetts, serves high school students from across the globe. With a dedicated fac-ulty and a motivated student body, St. Mark’s School is a model for high schools throughout the nation. St. Mark’s School lays a foundation for young men and women, emphasizing a well-rounded education to spur creativity and analytical thought. With its roots in the Epis-copalian tradition, the school values coopera-tion over self-interest, and encourages every student to explore their place in the world after high school. 
For 150 years, the St. Mark’s School has 
educated students in order to prepare them for adulthood. Joseph Burnett, St. Mark’s founder, sought to create an institution that offered high-quality education. With this goal in mind, St. Mark’s began with a single two-story build-ing, painted with yellow and green blinds. This modest campus then started to grow, with the additions of a large schoolroom and dormitory in 1866. This growth continued through the 1890s until the campus grew to fill 250 acres. Today, St. Mark’s is still expanding, with re-cent additions including a new athletic center, dormitory, and performing arts center within the last two decades. Joseph Burnett’s dream currently benefits a class of 350 students from 19 states, the District of Columbia, and 15 na-tions. 
Though St. Mark’s began as an all-boys 
school, it currently educates both young men and women. In the 1970s, St. Mark’s reached an agreement with the Southborough School to offer coordinated education for all students. The faculty and staff of St. Mark’s understood the importance of spreading Joseph Burnett’s dream so that all types of students could ben-efit from the educational opportunities offered by this establishment. St. Mark’s continues to include students and faculty with diverse back-grounds, particularly those who have experi-enced prejudice or disadvantages. The St. 
Mark’s community embraces all types of stu-dents, which empowers every St. Marker. 
The St. Mark’s motto, Age Quod Agis, or 
‘‘Do and be your best,’’ is instilled in every St. Marker. These students are challenged every day, but receive constant support. Students do their best by receiving the best training in the most ideal academic setting. With a student to teacher ratio of 6 to 1, the classroom forms into a personal setting, tailored to the needs of the students. St. Mark’s encourages students to do their best in the academic arena, on the athletic field, and in their campus community. St. Mark’s school week traverses six days a week to instill personal discipline and aca-demic excellence. The school week com-pliments the fact that St. Mark’s is a boarding school. Students attend class together, work together, and live together, creating a school culture and community important for personal growth and socialization. 
I commend the trustees, faculty and staff of 
St. Mark’s School for spending their time and effort ensuring that their students achieve suc-cess. St. Mark’s School has consistently dem-onstrated a dedication and commitment to helping these students receive a proper edu-cation to prepare for the future. The St. Mark’s faculty and staff inspire both students and pro-fessionals, and I am happy to recognize them today for all of their hard work. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask you and my colleagues 
to join me in congratulating the St. Mark’s School in serving such an important role in the lives of generations of high school students, both past and present. 
f 
SUPPORTING A CLEAN DHS 
FUNDING BILL 
HON. YVETTE D. CLARKE 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, February 27, 2015 
Ms. CLARKE of New York. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise to draw the attention of the House on the dangerous position in which my Republican colleagues have placed the American people by refusing to fund the Department of Home-land Security. 
Republicans in the House of Representa-
tives voted in January to fund DHS only if we threaten millions of undocumented parents and children with deportation. Unless Repub-licans stop playing games with our national security and vote to fund DHS, the agency will not have the ability to maintain critical oper-ations by the end of February. 
We have a responsibility to demonstrate to 
the people of the United States and the lead-ers of other nations that we are capable of supporting national security without concern for politics. The partisan interests that have convinced many Republicans to oppose the Obama administration on immigration are not in the interest of our nation as a whole. The position of the Republicans imposes serious risks on the American people. The failure to fund DHS, as President Obama has recently reminded us, will impact one hundred forty- three thousand Department of Homeland Se-curity workers who are responsible for the safety of our families and children. In New York City, DHS resources support our police and fire departments to protect the city and the millions of visitors from around the world 
from attacks. Undermining the funding of the DHS threatens their safety and the security of our communities across the nation. House Re-publicans should not hold our national security hostage to a narrow agenda. 
In the community I represent in Brooklyn, 
New York, the many first-generation and sec-ond-generation immigrants will suffer irrep-arable harm if we fail to fund the DHS. Who among would want to know the fear that a knock on the door in the middle of the night or a citation for a minor infraction such as jay-walking could result in permanent separation from their children? 
Mr. Speaker, instead of playing games with 
politics, Republicans should focus on avoiding a shutdown of the DHS by enacting a bipar-tisan bill to fund the DHS through the rest of the 2015 fiscal year. 
f 
HONORING THE 25TH ANNIVER-
SARY OF BOOK-IT REPERTORY THEATRE IN SEATTLE 
HON. JIM McDERMOTT 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, February 27, 2015 
Mr. M CDERMOTT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to honor the 25th anniversary of Book-It Rep-ertory Theatre (Book-It) in Seattle and to sa-lute the company’s commitment to bringing great literature to life on stage. 
Since its founding in 1990, Book-It has es-
tablished itself as the nation’s leader in nar-rative theatre, and over that time has trans-formed more than one hundred works of lit-erature into a repertory of works of live the-atre. Book-It’s adaptation style has also been honed into a highly effective tool for teaching literature of all kinds, resulting in the current launch of its Literacy Initiative with Washington State schools. 
Twenty-five years after it began as an art-
ists’ collective, the company’s mainstage works are seen by 20,000 theatre-goers annu-ally, and its prolific Arts and Education pro-grams serve as many as 62,000 students through performances, workshops, and residencies State-wide. 
Classic works by vaunted authors like Jane 
Austen, Charles Dickens, Leo Tolstoy, Edith Wharton, Mark Twain, Kurt Vonnegut, John Ir-ving, Maya Angelou, Michael Chabon, and many more have been adapted into Book-It plays alongside treasured writers who live in the great State of Washington including Ivan Doig, Garth Stein, Stephanie Kallos, Jim Lynch, Jess Walter, and David Guterson. And Book-It adaptations have gone on to produc-tions in regional theatres across the U.S. 
The Arts and Education Programs, through 
alliances with school districts throughout the state, have helped to bring vital arts program-ming where it’s needed, serving student audi-ences through performances of literature for youth, including bilingual plays for young peo-ple in areas with high immigrant populations, notably in Central Washington’s food- and wine-growing regions. 
Book-It’s commitment to literature and lit-
eracy fosters community through partnerships with Seattle and regional libraries, as well as King County’s 4Culture, which connects Book- It artists with regional historical, cultural, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Feb 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A27FE8.036 E27FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E277 February 27, 2015 
social service organizations to help tell their 
stories in meaningful ways. The performances resulting from these partnerships are often the only arts experience a group may have. 
Founding Co-Artistic Directors Jane Jones 
and Myra Platt were named among seven Un-sung Heroes and Uncommon Genius by The Seattle Times for their contribution to life in Seattle; The Paul G. Allen Family Foundation awarded them a 20th Anniversary Founder’s Grant; in 2010, Book-It was given a Mayor’s Arts Award; and in 2012, the Governor’s Arts Award. 
As we celebrate the Silver Jubilee of Book- 
It Repertory Theatre, I would like to convey my congratulations to Book-It on its steadfast commitment to delivering broad, high-quality 
live theatre experiences to its constituents in Seattle and throughout all of Washington. 
f 
THE SHAME OF IRANIAN HUMAN 
RIGHTS 
HON. CHRISTOPHER H. SMITH 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, February 27, 2015 
Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, at 
a time when the administration seems keen to reach a nuclear accord that relies on trust in the Iranian regime and perhaps even a de facto collaboration in the fight against ISIS, it is wise to consider and scrutinize the dismal human rights record of this country with which we are currently conducting negotiations based on good faith. How they treat their own people is illustrative of how they see and will treat outsiders. A hearing I convened yester-day provided a critical examination of human rights in Iran—which is important and nec-essary in its own right—and also placed it in the context of the administration’s efforts to partner with this regime on critical issues. 
According to a report by the UN Special 
Rapporteur on Human Rights in Iran, between July 2013 and June 2014, at least 852 people were executed in Iran. Shockingly, some of those executed were children under the age of 18. Iranian human rights activists place the number of people executed by the Iranian re-gime at 1,181. 
The current Department of State human 
rights report states that Iranian human rights violations include disappearances; cruel, inhu-man, or degrading treatment or punishment, including judicially sanctioned amputation and flogging; rape, politically motivated violence and repression, harsh and life-threatening con-ditions in detention and prison facilities, with instances of deaths in custody; arbitrary arrest and lengthy pretrial detention, sometimes in-communicado. 
While the Iranian constitution grants equal 
rights to all ethnic minorities and allows for mi-nority languages to be used in the media and in schools, minorities do not enjoy equal rights, and the regime consistently denies their right to use their languages in school. In addi-tion, a 1985 law, the Gozinesh (selection) law, prohibits non-Shia ethnic minorities from fully participating in civic life. That law and its asso-ciated provisions make full access to employ-ment, education, and other areas conditional on devotion to the Islamic Republic and the te-nets of Shia Islam. 
The regime disproportionately targets minor-
ity groups, including Kurds, Arabs, Azeris, and Baluchis for arbitrary arrest, prolonged deten-
tion, and physical abuse. These groups report political and socioeconomic discrimination, particularly in their access to economic aid, business licenses, university admissions, per-mission to publish books, and housing and land rights. 
Because of severe religious freedom 
abuses, our Government has designated Iran as a Country of Particular Concern since 1999. The frequent arrest and harassment of members of religious minorities has continued, following a significant increase in 2012. The government severely restricts religious free-dom, and there have been reports of imprison-ment, harassment, intimidation, and discrimi-nation based on religious beliefs. There have been continued reports of the government charging religious and ethnic minorities with ‘‘enmity against God,’’ ‘‘anti-Islamic propa-ganda,’’ or vague national security crimes for their religious activities. Those reportedly ar-rested on religious grounds faced poor prison conditions and treatment, as with most pris-oners of conscience. 
One of those imprisoned on religious 
grounds is Pastor Saeed Abedini, a U.S. cit-izen and father of two—Rebekkah Grace and Jacob Cyrus—and a Christian imprisoned in Iran because of his faith. Pastor Abedini was imprisoned by the Iranian regime nearly 1,000 days ago, when members of the Revolutionary Guard pulled him off of a bus and placed him under house arrest. He was later taken away—in chains—to Evin Prison, where he has endured periods of solitary confinement, beatings, internal bleeding, death threats, and continued psychological torture, all because he would not deny his Christian faith. 
What was Pastor Abedini’s crime? Accord-
ing to the court, he was a threat to the secu-rity of Iran because of his leadership role in Christian churches in 2000–2005. President Obama promised Pastor Abedini’s son Jacob that he would do all he can to gain his father’s release by the boy’s birthday next month. Ear-lier this week, Secretary of State John Kerry, in answer to my question on this matter, said the administration was working quietly to gain Pastor Abedini’s release as soon as possible. Let’s hope. 
Meanwhile, Iran is repeatedly cited for vir-
tually unrelenting repression of the Baha’i community, which Iran’s Shiite Muslim clergy views as a heretical sect. Baha’i number about 300,000–350,000. At least 30 Baha’is remain imprisoned, and 60 were arrested in 2012. A February 2013 UN report said in that 110 Ba-ha’is were in jail, with 133 more expected to start serving jail time. Since the 1979 Islamic Revolution, the regime has executed more than 200 Baha’is. The regime frequently pre-vents many Baha’is from leaving the country, harasses and persecutes them, and generally disregards their property rights. Iranian regime officials reportedly offer Baha’is relief from mistreatment in exchange for recanting their religious affiliation. 
Iranian courts offer no recourse to the mon-
strous violation of human rights because with-out an independent judiciary, Iranians (and for-eigners tried in those courts) are routinely de-nied fair public trials, sometimes resulting in executions without due process. This also re-sults in ineffective implementation of civil judi-cial procedures and remedies and allows arbi-trary interference with privacy, family, home, and correspondence. This is the regime the administration trusts 
to make agreements and honor them. I call on the administration to do more than acknowl-edge these facts—it must take more seriously the blatant disregard of the rights of people and factor this into any interactions we have with this predatory regime. How can we make any binding agreement with such a dishonor-able regime? That question remains to be an-swered. 
f 
RECOGNIZING MRS. ANNA BARRY 
AS THE 2016 ESCAMBIA COUNTY, FLORIDA, TEACHER OF THE YEAR 
HON. JEFF MILLER 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, February 27, 2015 
Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize Mrs. Anna Barry as the 2016 Escambia County Teacher of the Year. Teachers are amongst our Nation’s most valu-able public servants. They are responsible for mentoring our students and ensuring that our next generation emerges ready to lead our Nation in the future. Mrs. Barry’s assiduous work ethic, unbridled enthusiasm, creativity, and commitment to student engagement ex-emplify the characteristics of an exemplary teacher. 
For more than a decade, Mrs. Barry has 
served the students of Northwest Florida, in-spiring them to strive for excellence and em-powering all those who pass through her classroom to reach their full potential. Her dedication to her students’ success fosters an atmosphere of achievement, and her commit-ment to a layered curriculum teaching method, where each individual student can take owner-ship of their education, helps ensure that stu-dents remain engaged and conscientious. 
Mrs. Barry began her career teaching U.S. 
History, Science, and Geography at Ernest Ward Middle School. Despite being new to the profession, Mrs. Barry tackled her position head on and immediately began making an impact on her students. She also took on leadership positions at the school and helped to coordinate instruction amongst all grade levels. 
Following her successful years at Ernest 
Ward, Mrs. Barry began teaching at her high school alma mater, Northview High School, where she once again established herself as an exceptional teacher and leader. At Northview, Mrs. Barry has served as a Faculty Leader, History Department Chair, and a member of the Florida Standards Team, which helps ensure that teachers are ready to meet the updated state education standards. While at Northview, she has also taken the lead in several other initiatives, including forming the first-ever Model United Nations (UN) Team for Escambia County and working with the local community to secure the funding necessary to have her students travel to Orlando to partici-pate in Model UN. Mrs. Barry also serves as the coach for the Varsity and Junior Varsity cheerleading teams, produces the Miss Northview High School Pageant, and is a co- sponsor of the Student Government Associa-tion. 
Thanks in large part to her success within 
her own school environment, Mrs. Barry has 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:40 Feb 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K27FE8.015 E27FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E278 February 27, 2015 
also served in district-wide positions, including 
service on the World History Leadership Com-mittee, where she helped to construct the dis-trict pacing guide, prepare essential questions to accompany units of study, and lead the dis-trict’s new content session to help World His-tory teachers integrate new standards into their curriculum. Mrs. Barry has received sev-eral previous recognitions for her excellence in the classroom, including being named the Escambia County High School Social Students Teacher of the Year, as well being recognized by the Florida Council for Social Studies. 
The importance of teachers is 
unquantifiable. Mrs. Barry clearly understands the important position that teachers serve as role models for their students. Being a role model demands an incontrovertible commit-ment to professionalism in all aspects of life. Mrs. Barry treats her students, their parents, faculty, and staff with the utmost respect, and, in turn, this respect inspires her students and helps engender success in future endeavors. Mrs. Barry also understands the importance of working together with other teachers to im-prove the educational experience of their stu-dents, and, by sharing her experience with all of her fellow colleagues, Mrs. Barry improves the quality of her own classroom, as well as the entire school. 
Each and every teacher should be com-
mended for their commitment to our Nation’s future. To be selected as Teacher of the Year, chosen from a large pool of extremely quali-fied applicants, is a reflection of Mrs. Barry’s tremendous work ethic and steadfast dedica-tion to the students of Northwest Florida. She has proven to be among the many exceptional teachers in our Nation, and I am proud to have her as a constituent in Florida’s First Congressional District. 
Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the United States 
Congress, I am privileged to recognize Mrs. Anna Barry for her accomplishments and her continuing commitment to excellence at Northview High School and in the Escambia County School District. My wife Vicki joins me in congratulating Mrs. Barry, and we wish her all the best. 
f 
HONORING THE RETIREMENT OF 
CHIEF TIBBET 
HON. JOHN GARAMENDI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, February 27, 2015 
Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to honor Chief Tibbet of the Fairfield, Cali-fornia, Police Department on the occasion of his retirement. Chief Tibbet’s career has been impressive. He began as a Police Officer with the Alameda Police Department in 1972. In 1980, he transitioned to the San Jose Police Department and was promoted through the ranks to Sergeant, Lieutenant and Captain be-fore returning to the Alameda Police Depart-ment in 2006. After serving as Chief of Police for four years in Alameda, he was appointed as Chief of Police for the Fairfield Police De-partment on July 6, 2010. 
Chief Tibbet had an immediate impact on 
the Police Department and the city. In the midst of staffing shortages due to the Great Recession and the State’s release of more than 30,000 felons, he oversaw the Depart-ment’s response to a series of high profile vio-
lent incidents. The Department remained ex-tremely high functioning and proactive. Chief Tibbet was also a consummate advocate for the community. He fostered partnerships to expand the Department’s outreach with neigh-borhoods, businesses, schools, and churches. His work with the Fairfield-Suisun Unified School District to establish the Public Safety Academy and Sullivan Interagency Youth Services Center stand out in addition to his commitment to growing the P.A.L. program. Chief Tibbet was also a strong supporter for improving efficiencies through the use of new and enhanced technologies. Under his leader-
ship, the Department secured numerous grants to maintain services during difficult fi-nancial times and deployed innovative tech-nologies to protect the city. 
Chief Tibbet has been a valued colleague 
and leader, and his commitment to the City and community was evidenced on a daily basis. 
f 
HONORING MR. RANDY SWAN 
HON. STEVEN M. PALAZZO 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, February 27, 2015 
Mr. PALAZZO. Mr. Speaker, I stand today 
to honor longtime Broadcast Journalist and news anchorman, Mr. Randy Swan, of Mis-sissippi’s Fourth Congressional District, upon the occasion of his retirement from WDAM, Channel 7, a television station covering the re-gion known as the Pine Belt. 
Ask anyone in the northern half of Mis-
sissippi’s Fourth Congressional District who delivers their nightly news, and they will likely answer, ‘‘Randy Swan.’’ For over 50 years, Randy’s voice has narrated important events to the people of South Mississippi, first over radio, then television. For the past 38 years. it has been Randy’s face in hundreds of thou-sands of Pine Belt homes as he reported the days’ events on the evening news. 
Randy was born and raised in broadcasting. 
At the time of his birth, in 1947, Randy’s fa-ther, Jimmy Swan, held a contest on WFOR radio station to name his newborn son. Out of more than six thousand entries, the winning name, James Randolph, was chosen to honor the memory of a young local man who had died fighting in World War II. 
Randy’s broadcast career began at the age 
of three, talking on the radio while sitting on his father’s lap, at WFOR. At the age of fif-teen, he was working full-time in radio broad-casting while also attending high school. In the 1950s, Randy took to the television screen, singing on his father’s music variety show, McCaffrey’s Showtime. 
After graduating from Hattiesburg High 
School in 1965, Randy attended the University of Southern Mississippi, earning a bachelor’s degree in broadcasting in 1970. It was 1976, the year of our nation’s bicentennial, when Randy began his career at WDAM, as morn-ing anchor and reporter for the station cov-ering a large portion of South Mississippi. Within a short six years, Randy was named News Director and soon became the main an-chor for the station—his was the face many area residents turned to for their news. 
In the 1990s, Randy served as Station Man-
ager, News Director, and lead anchor at WABG in Greenville, Mississippi, but he re-
turned to the Pine Belt and WDAM five years later. 
The span of his career has given Randy the 
privilege of sharing some of the best and worst moments in history. He claims that one of the most fulfilling aspects of his career is in helping others through the sharing of informa-tion. For example, Randy and his team re-mained steadfast in their on-air coverage in the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina. Thousands of residents relied on WDAM and the trust-worthiness of Randy Swan to assist them with finding needed supplies and assistance in the recovery. 
His dedication and professional integrity 
earned Randy distinction in the Mississippi As-sociated Press Hall of Fame (2006) and the University of Southern Mississippi School of Mass Communications & Journalism Hall of Fame (2010). Randy has four children and is married to the former Millie Ivey. The family resides in Hattiesburg. I am proud to honor Mr. Randy Swan for an outstanding career in radio and television broadcasting in South Mississippi. We extend our appreciation for a job well done, and wish him all the best in re-tirement. 
f 
HONORING MAE YATES 
HON. THEODORE E. DEUTCH 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, February 27, 2015 
Mr. DEUTCH. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in 
memory of Mae Yates, a wonderful woman who contributed significantly to the Florida community and enriched the lives of those around her. Mae raised her three children with a strong sense of fairness, compassion, and empathy for others, values that were imbedded in Mae herself and evident in all of her work. 
Mae grew up in Brooklyn with a positive atti-
tude and influence on those around her, al-ways making the best of any situation. She excelled in her studies at Brooklyn College, and married the love of her life, Sam Yates. Together, they traveled to South America, Eu-rope, and Asia, spending half a year living in India. They lived in various states on the East Coast of the United States, and Mae truly made a positive impact on Palm Beach Coun-ty after moving to Florida 36 years ago. 
Mae Yates was active in civic life and dedi-
cated to the improvement of her community, both locally and nationally. Her public engage-ment included organizing volunteers for Delray Hospital when it first opened and personally logging over 13,000 volunteer hours at that same hospital. She served as President of her children’s school PTA, her condominium sec-tion in Kings Point, and the Atlantic Demo-cratic Club. Mae was Director of the Area Agency on Aging, clerk of her voting precinct in Palm Beach, and worked in the South County Courthouse. Her many important con-tributions to the community include bringing a hospital to Delray Beach, bringing a fire sta-tion closer to the senior community, having traffic lights installed, and working on legisla-tion to support victims of domestic abuse. 
Mae believed in me when I first ran for of-
fice, and I always turned to Mae for insight and inspiration. It is a privilege to represent a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Feb 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K27FE8.017 E27FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E279 February 27, 2015 
district with citizens who work tirelessly to 
strive to make a difference. Mae was a woman of action who made every day count, and she will be greatly missed. I am fortunate to have known Mae Yates. 
f 
IN HONOR OF HOUSTON FIRE DE-
PARTMENT CAPTAIN DWIGHT BAZILE 
HON. AL GREEN 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, February 27, 2015 
Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
would like to honor the memory of a brave firefighter and exceptional man, Houston Fire Department (HFD) Captain Dwight Bazile of Houston Fire Station 46. 
On Thursday, February 19, 2015, Captain 
Bazile suffered a cardiac arrest after assisting in the extinguishment of a fire at a duplex in south Houston. Two days later, Captain Bazile, aged 57, passed away at Memorial Hermann Hospital. He is survived by his wife, Pamela Bazile; his college-aged son, Dwight Bazile, II; and his mother, Charlotte Felder. 
The loss of this intrepid fire captain, father, 
husband, and son is inestimable. Captain Bazile, as with all of our firefighters, selflessly risked his life and limbs to save people in the most dire circumstances. While our community is emotionally devastated, we are also in awe of the leadership, dignity, and courage of the late Captain Bazile. 
Mr. Speaker, as we sadly bid farewell to 
Captain Bazile, we must find consolation in knowing that in his 37 years in HFD, Captain Bazile saved and comforted many all while ‘‘in the line of duty.’’ 
f 
HONORING ELLY FAIRCLOUGH 
HON. JOHN GARAMENDI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, February 27, 2015 
Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to recognize Elly Fairclough’s exemplary pub-lic service. 
Whereas, on the Twenty-Seventh Day of 
February, of the Year Two Thousand and Fif-teen, Elly Fairclough will retire after twenty years of dedicated public service to Yolo County and Northern California communities; and 
Whereas, Elly began her distinguished ca-
reer with California Supervisor and Assemblymember Helen Thomson, continued with Congressman M
IKETHOMPSON and con-
cluded her service with Congressman J OHN 
GARAMENDI ; and 
Whereas, Elly’s family, friends, and col-
leagues are thrilled about this most auspicious occasion and wish to acknowledge Elly with the recognition, love, and respect that she has most deservedly earned; and 
Whereas, Elly has been a bridge for local 
seniors, veterans, home owners and immi-grants with her assistance as they navigated through the various agencies of the state and federal government; and 
Whereas, Elly represents the highest values 
of her community and has been a leading voice promoting women’s equality; therefore 
be it 
Resolved, that we, Congressman J
OHN 
GARAMENDI of California’s Third Congressional 
District and Congressman M IKETHOMPSON of 
California’s Fifth District, do hereby recognize and celebrate the life and accomplishments of Elly Fairclough, as well as offer her our best wishes for a happy retirement, good health, and happiness in the years ahead. 
f 
THE SECOND AMENDMENT IS THE 
LAW OF THE LAND WHETHER OR NOT IT’S CONVENIENT 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, February 27, 2015 
Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, when this 
Administration doesn’t get its way, it sets aside the Constitution and does what it wants anyway. Much to the displeasure of the White House, Congress has defended the Second Amendment from the President’s efforts to in-fringe on Americans’ right to bear arms. So, the White House has now announced through an executive edict by the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives (ATF) a ban on common rifle ammunition used by mil-lions of law abiding gun owners in the United States. 
Instead of addressing the problem, those 
who unlawfully possess and use firearms, the ATF is now focused on disarming those who follow the law and exercise their constitu-tionally protected right. ATF’s own mission statement says its duty is to protect our com-munities from dangers like ‘‘violent criminals’’ and ‘‘acts of terrorism.’’ Mission aborted. Sup-pressing the Second Amendment rights of law-abiding Americans for political points is its new objective. 
This country was founded on a system of 
checks and balances with certain enumerated powers and limitations. Restricted power is not always convenient, but that’s what our Found-ers intended. This Administration views the Constitution as a suggestion and not the law of the land. It views Congress as a nuisance that gets in the way of its agenda. So, it has used almost every agency of non-elected bu-reaucrats to achieve a political goal by bullying through kicking, stomping and ignoring the constitutional rights of the people. The Presi-dent cannot obtain his government oppression of rights through the lawful legislative process. Thus the IRS targeting conservative organiza-tions; the FCC imposing an unprecedented system to control the Internet; HHS restricting the religious liberty of companies; the Depart-ment of Justice wiretapping reporters to si-lence them; the NSA snooping on millions of Americans without a warrant; and the Depart-ment of Homeland Security imposing amnesty on this nation are clear violations of the Con-stitution. There are many other examples and now the ATF’s proposal to ban AR–15 ammo is further proof that this Administration sees the Constitution as a mere suggestion, rather than the law of the land. 
The natural right to bear arms is long in-
grained in the soul of the people of this nation. The Administration forgets that America’s War of Independence started when King George’s Redcoats tried—unsuccessfully—to take the firearms away from the colonists. Further the 
Texas War of Independence began in a simi-lar way when the Mexican Dictator tried—un-successfully—to take away the guns of Tex-ans in 1835. The guarantees of the Second Amendment are intertwined in our nation’s his-tory, and the Constitution is the supreme law of the land whether or not it’s convenient to the Administration. 
And that’s just the way it is. 
f 
IN MEMORIAM OF STANLEY 
EDWARD KRZYZANOWSKI 
HON. PAUL A. GOSAR 
OF ARIZONA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, February 27, 2015 
Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Speaker, today, I would 
like to recognize the life and contributions of Stanley Edward Krzyzanowski, a lifelong resi-dent of Tucson, Arizona. Stan passed away on February 13, 2015 at the age of 77. 
Stan made significant contributions to the 
arts and sciences in Arizona and throughout the world. He served as President of Ballet Tucson and was a member of the Tucson- Pima Arts Council. A self-taught amateur pale-ontologist, Stan even had a species of dino-saur named after him: Krzyzanowskisaurus hunti. 
Some of the fossils Stan discovered in Ari-
zona are on display at the New Mexico Mu-seum of Natural History, where according to curator Spencer Lucas, they are viewed by nearly 250,000 visitors per year. 
Stan’s friends and family remember him for 
his curiosity, kindness, and love for life. One friend described him as ‘‘an inspiration—en-thusiastic, tireless, devoted to the arts, inter-ested in everything,’’ while another said, ‘‘Stan was such a special man, positively inspiring and encouraging.’’ 
Stan is survived by his brother, David and 
his wife Martha; a son, Stephen; a daughter Karen Kowal and her husband David; and three granddaughters, Kasia Krzyzanowski, and Sarah and Katie Kowal. 
Stan’s lack of formal education in no way 
hindered his archaeological work. In describ-ing his method of finding what others don’t see, he said ‘‘I don’t have that Ph.D. That’s what I’m doing: I’m looking, not thinking.’’ 
f 
HONORING MR. MIKE READER 
HON. STEVEN M. PALAZZO 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, February 27, 2015 
Mr. PALAZZO. Mr. Speaker, I stand today 
to honor longtime Broadcast Meteorologist, Mr. Mike Reader, of Mississippi’s Fourth Con-gressional District, upon the occasion of his retirement from WLOX, Channel 13, a tele-vision station covering our beautiful Mississippi Gulf Coast region. 
Mike Reader, a veteran of the United States 
Navy, began working part time at WLOX as a weekend weathercaster in 1983. When he re-tired from naval service in 1988, Mike became the morning weatherman and was soon pro-moted to Chief Meteorologist. 
Born in Honolulu, Hawaii, and raised in Lou-
isiana, it seems Mike’s eyes have always 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:40 Feb 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A27FE8.039 E27FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E280 February 27, 2015 
been set on the skies. His twenty year career 
in the Navy trained him in weather observation and forecasting around the world. It was only natural that the man, who some call ‘‘Winnie’’ because of his likeness to the famous bear, would become the most trusted name in weather along the Gulf Coast. 
One of Mike’s most challenging assign-
ments entailed flying with the Hurricane Hunt-ers into numerous storms, collecting data for national forecasts. In the span of his thirty year career with WLOX, Mike has safely weathered countless weather threats to our 
area, but Mike’s dedication and passion for the safety of Gulf Coast residents shone under the stress of three major hurricanes, each of which had a serious impact along the coast-line: Hurricane Elena in 1985, Hurricane Georges in 1998, and of course, Hurricane 
Katrina in 2005. 
Mike holds a certificate in Broadcast Mete-
orology from Mississippi State University. He is also a member of the American Meteorolog-ical Society and the National Weather Asso-ciation. His WLOX weathercast has received 
the coveted AMS Seal of Approval. He is mar-ried to Delores, the woman he calls his ‘‘best buddy.’’ They have one son and three grand-children. 
I am proud to honor our friend, Mr. Mike 
Reader, for an outstanding career in weather broadcasting along Mississippi’s Gulf Coast through WLOX news. We extend our appre-
ciation for a job well done, and wish Mike ‘‘smooth sailing’’ in retirement. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Feb 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A27FE8.041 E27FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D194 Friday, February 27, 2015 
Daily Digest 
HIGHLIGHTS 
Senate passed H.R. 240, Department of Homeland Security Appropria-
tions Act, as amended. 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S1187–S1206. 
Measures Introduced: Ten bills and one resolution 
were introduced, as follows: S. 607–616, and S. Res. 92.
                                                                             Pages S1201–02 
Measures Passed: 
Department of Homeland Security Appropria-
tions Act : By 68 yeas to 31 nays (Vote No. 62), Sen-
ate passed H.R. 240, making appropriations for the Department of Homeland Security for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2015, after taking action on the following amendments and motions proposed thereto:
                                                                Pages S1188–1192 
Adopted: 
By 66 yeas to 33 nays (Vote No. 61), McConnell 
(for Cochran) Amendment No. 255, of a perfecting nature.
                                                                     Pages S1191–92 
Withdrawn: 
McConnell Amendment No. 256 (to Amendment 
No. 255), to change the enactment date.      Page S1191 
McConnell Amendment No. 257 (to the language 
proposed to be stricken by Amendment No. 255), to change the enactment date.
                                  Page S1191 
McConnell Amendment No. 258 (to Amendment 
No. 257), of a perfecting nature. (By 34 yeas to 65 nays (Vote No. 60), Senate earlier failed to table the amendment.)
                                                                Page S1191 
During consideration of this measure today, Senate 
also took the following action: 
By 68 yeas to 31 nays (Vote No. 59), three-fifths 
of those Senators duly chosen and sworn, having voted in the affirmative, Senate agreed to the motion to close further debate on the bill.
                 Pages S1190 
McConnell motion to commit the bill to the 
Committee on Appropriations, with instructions, McConnell Amendment No. 259, to change the en-actment date, fell when cloture was invoked on the bill.
                                                                                   Page S1190 McConnell Amendment No. 260 (to (the instruc-
tions) Amendment No. 259), of a perfecting nature, fell when McConnell motion to commit the bill to the Committee on Appropriations, with instructions, McConnell Amendment No. 259 fell.
            Page S1190 
McConnell Amendment No. 261 (to Amendment 
No. 260), of a perfecting nature, fell when McCon-nell Amendment No. 260 (to (the instructions) Amendment No. 259) fell.
                                   Page S1190 
Protecting Volunteer Firefighters and Emer-
gency Responders Act: Senate passed H.R. 33, to 
amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to ensure that emergency services volunteers are not taken into account as employees under the shared responsibility requirements contained in the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, after agreeing to the following amendment proposed thereto:
                             Page S1206 
McConnell Amendment No. 268, in the nature of 
a substitute.                                                                   Page S1206 
Rare Disease Day: Senate agreed to S. Res. 92, 
designating February 28, 2015, as ‘‘Rare Disease Day’’.
                                                                                Page S1206 
Measures Considered: 
Immigration Rule of Law Act : By 57 yeas to 42 
nays (Vote No. 63), three-fifths of those Senators duly chosen and sworn, not having voted in the af-firmative, Senate rejected the motion to close further debate on the motion to proceed to consideration of S. 534, to prohibit funds from being used to carry out certain Executive actions related to immigration. 
                                                                                            Page S1192 
Subsequently, Senator McConnell entered a mo-
tion to reconsider the vote by which cloture was not invoked on the motion to proceed to consideration of the bill.
                                                                     Page S1192 
House Messages: 
Department of Homeland Security Appropria-
tions Act: Senate began consideration of the House-
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:08 Dec 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\RECORD15\FEB 15\D27FE5.REC D27FE5bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D195 February 27, 2015 
Message to accompany H.R. 240, making appropria-
tions for the Department of Homeland Security for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2015, taking action on the following motion proposed thereto: 
                                                                                            Page S1206 
Pending: 
McConnell Motion to insist upon the Senate 
amendment, agree to the request by the House of Representatives for a conference, and authorize the Presiding Officer to appoint conferees.
           Page S1206 
Appointments: 
Senate National Security Working Group: The 
Chair, on behalf of the Democratic Leader, pursuant to the provisions of S. Res. 64, adopted March 5, 2013, hereby notifies the Senate of an amendment to the Minority membership appointments made in the Senate on February 12, 2015, to the Senate National Security Working Group for the 114th Congress: Senator Reed.
                                                               Page S1206 
Signing Authority—Agreement : A unanimous- 
consent agreement was reached providing that dur-ing this adjournment of the Senate, the Majority Leader, and the junior Senator from West Virginia be authorized to sign duly enrolled bills or joint res-
olutions.
                                                                          Page S1206 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S1199 Executive Communications:               Pages S1199–S1200 
Executive Reports of Committees:       Pages S1200–01 
Additional Cosponsors:                                        Page S1202 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S1202–04 
Additional Statements:                                         Page S1199 
Amendments Submitted:                           Pages S1204–05 
Record Votes: Five record votes were taken today. 
(Total—63)                                                            Pages S1190–92 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 9:30 a.m. and 
adjourned at 8:23 p.m., until 2 p.m. on Monday, March 2, 2015. (For Senate’s program, see the re-marks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S1206.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
BUSINESS MEETING 
Committee on Armed Services: Committee ordered favor-
ably reported 881 nominations in the Army, Navy, Air Force, and Marine Corps. 
Committee on the Budget: Committee adopted its rules 
of procedure for the 114th Congress. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 41 pub-
lic bills, H.R. 1147–1187, were introduced. 
                                                                             Pages H1498–H1500 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H1501–02 
Reports Filed: There were no reports filed today. 
Journal: The House agreed to the Speaker’s approval 
of the Journal by a recorded vote of 226 ayes to 186 noes with one answering ‘‘present’’, Roll No. 103. 
                                                                      Pages H1375, H1484–85 
Director of the Congressional Budget Office— 
Appointment: The Chair announced the joint ap-
pointment by the Speaker of the House of Rep-resentatives and the President Pro Tempore of the Senate of Dr. Homer Keith Hall as Director of the Congressional Budget Office for the term expiring January 3, 2019.
                                                        Page H1375 
Recess: The House recessed at 9:19 a.m. and recon-
vened at 9:25 a.m.                                                     Page H1377 Making further continuing appropriations for 
fiscal year 2015: The House failed to pass H.J. Res. 
35, making further continuing appropriations for fis-cal year 2015, by a yea-and-nay vote of 203 yeas to 224 nays, Roll No. 104.
                                Pages H1492–94 
A point of order was sustained against the Roy-
bal-Allard motion to recommit with instructions to the Committee on Appropriations with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith with an amendment.
                                                   Pages H1492–94 
H. Res. 129, the rule providing for consideration 
of the joint resolution (H.J. Res. 35) was agreed to by a yea-and-nay vote of 228 yeas to 191 nays, Roll No. 102, after the previous question was ordered. 
                                                                             Pages H1377–H1484 
Student Success Act: The House resumed consider-
ation of H.R. 5, to support State and local account-ability for public education, protect State and local authority, and inform parents of the performance of their children’s schools. Further proceedings were postponed.
                                                      Pages H1393–H1483 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:16 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\RECORD15\FEB 15\D27FE5.REC D27FE5bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D196 February 27, 2015 
Proceedings Postponed: 
Thompson (MS) amendment (No. 43 printed in 
part B of H. Rept. 114–29) that seeks to require that The Student Success Act shall not go into effect until the Secretary of Education determines that its enactment will not reduce the college and career readiness of racial or ethnic minority students, stu-dents with disabilities, English learners, and low-in-come students and provides written notification to Congress on such determination; and
     Pages H1393–94 
Scott (VA) amendment (No. 44 printed in part B 
of H. Rept. 114–29) that seeks to repeal H.R. 5 and replace the bill text with a substitute amendment that provides robust funding levels, replaces the mandates of No Child Left Behind, and maintains civil rights and equity protections that ensure all students graduate from high school college- and ca-reer-ready.
                                                       Pages H1394–H1483 
H. Res. 125, the rule providing for consideration 
of the bill (H.R. 5) was agreed to on February 26th. 
Recess: The House recessed at 12:51 p.m. and re-
convened at 2:16 p.m.                                             Page H1483 
Department of Homeland Security Appropria-tions Act, 2015: The House disagreed to the Senate 
amendment and requested a conference on H.R. 240, making appropriations for the Department of Home-land Security for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2015, by a yea-and-nay vote of 228 yeas to 191 nays, Roll No. 102.
                                          Pages H1483–84 
Failed to agree to the Roybal-Allard motion to in-
struct conferees by a yea-and-nay vote of 201 yeas to 218 nays, Roll No. 105.
                                Pages H1494–95 
Investigative Subcommittees of the Committee on Ethics—Appointment: The Chair announced 
the Speaker’s appointment of the following Members of the House to be available to serve on investigative subcommittees of the Committee on Ethics for the 
114th Congress: Representatives Blackburn, Collins (GA), Comstock, Forbes, Hultgren, Katko, Latta, Olson, Ratcliffe, and Roby.
                                  Page H1495 
Investigative Subcommittees of the Committee on Ethics—Minority Leader Appointment: The 
Chair announced the Minority Leaders appointment of the following Members of the House to be avail-able to serve on investigative subcommittees of the Committee on Ethics for the 114th Congress: Rep-resentatives Carney, Connolly, Hahn, Higgins, Jeffries, Keating, Perlmutter, Sewell (AL), Speier, and Titus.
                                                                      Page H1495 
Advisory Committee on the Records of Con-gress—Reappointment: The Chair announced the 
Minority Leader’s reappointment of the following in-dividual on the part of the House to the Advisory Committee on the Records of Congress: Mr. John A. 
Lawrence of Washington, DC.
                            Page H1495 
Recess: The House recessed at 5:27 p.m. and recon-
vened at 9:30 p.m.                                                    Page H1495 
Suspension: The House agreed to suspend the rules 
and pass the following measure: 
Protecting Volunteer Firefighters and Emer-
gency Responders Act: Concur in the Senate amend-
ment to H.R. 33, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to ensure that emergency services vol-unteers are not taken into account as employees under the shared responsibility requirements con-tained in the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, by a 2/3 recorded vote of 357 ayes to 60 noes, Roll No. 106.
                                                      Pages H1495–97 
Meeting Hour: Agreed by unanimous consent that 
when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 12 noon on Monday, March 2nd for Morning Hour debate.
                                                                Page H1497 
Senate Messages: Messages received from the Senate 
by the Clerk and subsequently presented to the House today and messages received from the Senate today appear on pages H1375, H1393, H1483, and H1495. 
Senate Referral: S. 527 was held at the desk. 
                                                                                            Page H1483 
Quorum Calls—Votes: Five yea-and-nay votes and 
two recorded votes developed during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H1385–86, H1386, H1484, H1484–85, H1493–94, H1494–95, and H1496–97. There were no quorum calls. 
Adjournment: The House met at 9 a.m. and ad-
journed at 10:04 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
APPROPRIATIONS—UNITED STATES AIR FORCE 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Defense 
held a hearing on United States Air Force budget. Testimony was heard from Deborah Lee James, Sec-retary, United States Air Force; and General Mark A. Welsh III, Chief of Staff, United States Air Force. 
APPROPRIATIONS—DEPARTMENT OF 
AGRICULTURE, UNDER SECRETARY FOR NATURAL RESOURCES AND THE ENVIRONMENT, NATURAL RESOURCES CONSERVATION SERVICE 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Agri-
culture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Admin-istration, and Related Agencies held a hearing on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:18 Feb 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D27FE5.REC D27FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D197 February 27, 2015 
Department of Agriculture, Under Secretary for Nat-
ural Resources and the Environment, Natural Re-sources Conservation Service budget. Testimony was heard from Jason Weller, Chief, Natural Resources Conservation Service, Department of Agriculture; and Michael Young, Budget Officer, Department of Agriculture. 
APPROPRIATIONS—BUREAU OF INDIAN 
AFFAIRS AND BUREAU OF INDIAN EDUCATION; BUREAU OF INDIAN EDUCATION OVERSIGHT 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Inte-
rior, Environment, and Related Agencies held a hearing on Bureau of Indian Affairs and Bureau of Indian Education budgets and a hearing on Bureau of Indian Education oversight. Testimony was heard from the following Department of the Interior offi-cials: Kevin Washburn, Assistant Secretary, Indian Affairs; Charles ‘‘Monty’’ Roessel, Director, Bureau of Indian Education; and Michael Black, Director, Bureau of Indian Affairs; and Melissa Emrey-Arras, Director, Education, Workforce, and Income Secu-rity, Government Accountability Office. 
THE NEEDS OF DRINKING WATER 
SYSTEMS IN RURAL AND SMALLER COMMUNITIES 
Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on 
Environment and the Economy held a hearing enti-tled ‘‘The Needs of Drinking Water Systems in Rural and Smaller Communities’’. Testimony was heard from J. Alfredo Gomez, Director, Natural Re-sources and Environment, Government Account-ability Office; and public witnesses. 
MISCELLEANEOUS MEASURES 
Committee on Foreign Affairs: Full Committee held a 
markup on H.R. 400, the ‘‘Trafficking Prevention in Foreign Affairs Contracting Act’’; H.R. 757, the ‘‘North Korea Sanctions Enforcement Act of 2015’’; and H. Res. 53, condemning the cowardly attack on innocent men, women, and children in the north-eastern Nigerian town of Baga. The following bill was ordered reported, without amendment: H.R. 400. The following legislation was ordered reported, as amended: H.R. 757 and H. Res. 53. 
THE STATE OF CLASS ACTIONS TEN YEARS 
AFTER THE ENACTMENT OF THE CLASS ACTION FAIRNESS ACT 
Committee on the Judiciary: Subcommittee on the Con-
stitution and Civil Justice held a hearing entitled ‘‘The State of Class Actions Ten Years After the En-actment of the Class Action Fairness Act’’. Testi-mony was heard from public witnesses. ENSURING GOVERNMENT TRANSPARENCY 
THROUGH FOIA REFORM 
Committee on Oversight And Government Reform: Sub-
committee on Government Operations held a hear-ing entitled ‘‘Ensuring Government Transparency Through FOIA Reform’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
THE COMMERCIAL CREW PROGRAM: 
CHALLENGES AND OPPORTUNITIES 
Committee on Science, Space, and Technology: Sub-
committee on Space held a hearing entitled ‘‘The Commercial Crew Program: Challenges and Oppor-tunities’’. Testimony was heard from Bill Gerstenmaier, Associate Administrator, Human Ex-ploration and Operations Mission Directorate, Na-tional Aeronautics and Space Administration; Vice Admiral Joseph Dyer, USN (Ret.), Chairman, Aero-space Safety Advisory Panel, National Aeronautics and Space Administration; and public witnesses. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR MONDAY, 
MARCH 2, 2015 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
No meetings/hearings scheduled. 
House 
Committee on Appropriations, Subcommittee on Financial 
Services and General Government, hearing on Consumer Product Safety Commission budget, 3 p.m., 2359 Ray-burn. 
Committee on the Judiciary, Subcommittee on Regulatory 
Reform, Commercial and Antitrust Law, hearing on H.R. 348, the ‘‘Responsibly and Professionally Invigorating Development Act of 2015’’; H.R. 712, the ‘‘Sunshine for Regulatory Decrees and Settlements Act of 2015’’; and H.R. 1155, the ‘‘Searching for and Cutting Regulations that are Unnecessarily Burdensome Act of 2015’’, 4 p.m., 2141 Rayburn. 
Committee on Rules, Full Committee, hearing on H.R. 
749, the ‘‘Passenger Rail Reform and Investment Act of 2015’’, 5 p.m., H–313 Capitol. 
Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, Full Com-
mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘Ongoing Intelligence Activi-ties’’, 5 p.m., HVC–304. This hearing will be closed. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:18 Feb 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D27FE5.REC D27FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D198 February 27, 2015 
CONGRESSIONAL PROGRAM AHEAD 
Week of March 2 through March 6, 2015 
Senate Chamber 
On Monday , at approximately 2:00 p.m., Senate 
will resume consideration of the House Message to accompany H.R. 240, Department of Homeland Se-curity Appropriations Act. At 5:30 p.m., Senate ex-pects to vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the motion to agree to the House request to go to a con-ference on the bill. 
During the balance of the week, Senate may con-
sider any cleared legislative and executive business. 
Senate Committees 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Committee on Appropriations: March 4, Subcommittee on 
Department of the Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies, to hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2016 for the De-partment of the Interior, 10 a.m., SD–124. 
March 4, Subcommittee on Department of Defense, to 
hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2016 for the Navy and Marine Corps, 10:30 a.m., SD–192. 
March 4, Subcommittee on Energy and Water Devel-
opment, to hold hearings to examine proposed budget es-timates and justification for fiscal year 2016 for the Nu-clear Regulatory Commission, 2:30 p.m., SD–192. 
March 5, Subcommittee on Commerce, Justice, 
Science, and Related Agencies, to hold hearings to exam-ine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2016 for the National Aeronautics and Space Ad-ministration, 10:30 a.m., SD–192. 
March 5, Subcommittee on Legislative Branch, to hold 
hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and jus-tification for fiscal year 2016 for the Secretary of the Sen-ate, the Senate Sergeant at Arms, and the Capitol Police, 3 p.m., SD–138. 
Committee on Armed Services: March 3, to hold hearings 
to examine a review of the Defense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2016 and the Future Years Defense Pro-gram, 2:30 p.m., SH–216. 
March 4, Subcommittee on Personnel, to hold hearings 
to examine the Active, Guard, Reserve, and civilian per-sonnel programs in review of the Defense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2016 and the Future Years Defense Program, 2:30 p.m., SR–232A. 
March 4, Subcommittee on Strategic Forces, to hold 
hearings to examine United States nuclear weapons pol-icy, programs, and strategy in review of the Defense Au-thorization Request for fiscal year 2016 and the Future Years Defense Program, 3:30 p.m., SR–222. 
March 5, Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine 
the postures on the Department of the Army and the De-partment of the Air Force in review of the Defense Au-thorization Request for fiscal year 2016 and the Future Years Defense Program, 9:30 a.m., SD–G50. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: 
March 3, to hold hearings to examine Federal Reserve ac-countability and reform, 2:30 p.m., SD–538. 
Committee on the Budget: March 4, to hold hearings to 
examine wasteful duplication in the Federal government, 10:30 a.m., SD–608. 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: March 
3, to hold hearings to examine the President’s proposed budget request for fiscal year 2016 for the Department of Commerce and the Department of Transportation, 9 a.m., SR–253. 
March 4, Subcommittee on Surface Transportation and 
Merchant Marine Infrastructure, Safety and Security, to hold hearings to examine surface transportation reauthor-ization, focusing on oversight and reform of the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration, 10 a.m., SR–253. 
Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: March 5, to 
hold hearings to examine opportunities for the United States to build on its status as an Arctic nation for the betterment of the nation and those who live in the Arc-tic, 10 a.m., SD–366. 
Committee on Environment and Public Works: March 4, to 
hold an oversight hearing to examine the President’s pro-posed budget request for fiscal year 2016 for the Environ-mental Protection Agency, 9:30 a.m., SD–406. 
Committee on Finance: March 3, to hold hearings to ex-
amine fairness in taxation, 9 a.m., SD–215. 
Committee on Foreign Relations: March 3, to receive a 
closed briefing on an update on the campaign against the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (ISIS), 4 p.m., SVC–217. 
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: 
March 5, to hold hearings to examine America’s health information technology (IT) transformation, focusing on translating the promise of electronic health records into better care, 10 a.m., SD–430. 
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: 
March 4, business meeting to consider an original bill en-titled, ‘‘Inspector General Empowerment Act of 2015’’, S. 280, to improve the efficiency, management, and inter-agency coordination of the Federal permitting process through reforms overseen by the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, H.R. 460, to direct the Sec-retary of Homeland Security to train Department of Homeland Security personnel how to effectively deter, de-tect, disrupt, and prevent human trafficking during the course of their primary roles and responsibilities, H.R. 615, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to re-quire the Under Secretary for Management of the Depart-ment of Homeland Security to take administrative action to achieve and maintain interoperable communications ca-pabilities among the components of the Department of Homeland Security, an original bill entitled, ‘‘Federal Im-proper Payments Coordination Act’’, an original bill enti-tled, ‘‘Presidential Library Donations Act’’, an original bill entitled, ‘‘Federal Vehicle Repair Costs Savings Act’’, S. 546, to establish the Railroad Emergency Services Pre-paredness, Operational Needs, and Safety Evaluation (RE-SPONSE) Subcommittee under the Federal Emergency Management Agency’s National Advisory Council to pro-vide recommendations on emergency responder training 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:18 Feb 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D27FE5.REC D27FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D199 February 27, 2015 
and resources relating to hazardous materials incidents in-
volving railroads, S. 242, to amend title 5, United States Code, to provide leave to any new Federal employee who is a veteran with a service-connected disability rated at 30 percent or more for purposes of undergoing medical treat-ment for such disability, S. 86, to amend title 44 of the United States Code, to provide for the suspension of fines under certain circumstances for first-time paperwork vio-lations by small business concerns, and S. 136, to amend chapter 21 of title 5, United States Code, to provide that fathers of certain permanently disabled or deceased vet-erans shall be included with mothers of such veterans as preference eligibles for treatment in the civil service, 10 a.m., SD–342. 
Committee on Indian Affairs: March 4, to hold hearings 
to examine S. 438, to provide for the repair, replacement, and maintenance of certain Indian irrigation projects, 2:30 p.m., SD–628. 
Committee on Judiciary: March 3, Subcommittee on Im-
migration and the National Interest, to hold an oversight hearing to examine United States citizenship and immi-gration services, focusing on ensuring agency priorities 
comply with the law, 2:30 p.m., SD–226. 
March 4, Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine 
whistleblower retaliation at the Federal Bureau of Inves-tigation, focusing on improving protections and over-sight, 10 a.m., SD–226. 
March 5, Full Committee, business meeting to consider 
pending calendar business, 10 a.m., SD–226. 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: March 4, to hold a joint 
hearing with the House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs to examine the legislative presentation of the Veterans of Foreign Wars, 10 a.m., SD–G50. 
March 5, Full Committee, to hold a joint hearing with 
the House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs to examine the legislative presentation from the American Veterans, Par-alyzed Veterans of America, Military Officers Association of America, Military Order of the Purple Heart, Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of America, Vietnam Veterans of America, Blinded Veterans Association, and the National Council on Aging, 10 a.m., 345, Cannon Building. 
Select Committee on Intelligence: March 5, to receive a 
closed briefing on certain intelligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. 
House Committees 
Committee on Agriculture, March 5, Subcommittee on 
Conservation and Forestry, hearing to review the defini-tion of ‘‘waters of the United States’’ proposed rule and its impact on rural America, 9:15 a.m., 1300 Longworth. 
Committee On Appropriations, March 3, Subcommittee on 
Defense, hearing on United States Africa Command budget, 9 a.m., H–140 Capitol. This hearing will be closed. 
March 3, Subcommittee on Labor, Health and Human 
Services, and Education, hearing on National Institutes of Health budget, 8:30 a.m., 2358–C Rayburn. 
March 3, Subcommittee on Interior, Environment, and 
Related Agencies, hearing on U.S. Forest Service budget, 1 p.m., B–308 Rayburn. March 3, Subcommittee on Military Construction, Vet-
erans Affairs, and Related Agencies, hearing on Installa-tions, Environment, Energy and BRAC budget, 1 p.m., 2358–A Rayburn. 
March 3, Subcommittee on Agriculture, Rural Devel-
opment, Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies, hearing on Department of Agriculture Mar-keting and Regulatory Programs budget, 2 p.m., 2362–A Rayburn. 
March 3, Subcommittee on Commerce, Justice, 
Science, and Related Agencies, hearing on Department of 
Commerce budget, 2 p.m., H–309 Capitol. 
March 4, Subcommittee on Military Construction, Vet-
erans Affairs, and Related Agencies, hearing on Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs budget, 9:30 a.m., H–140 Cap-itol. 
March 4, Subcommittee on Agriculture, Rural Devel-
opment, Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies, hearing on Food and Drug Administration budget, 10 a.m., 2362–A Rayburn. 
March 4, Subcommittee on Defense, hearing on De-
partment of Defense budget, 10 a.m., 2359 Rayburn. 
March 4, Subcommittee on Labor, Health and Human 
Services, and Education, hearing on Department of Edu-cation budget, 10 a.m., 2358–C Rayburn. 
March 4, Subcommittee on Commerce, Justice, 
Science, and Related Agencies, hearing on National Aero-nautics and Space Administration budget, 10:30 a.m., H–309 Capitol. 
March 4, Subcommittee on Energy and Water Devel-
opment, hearing on Department of Energy, National Nu-clear Security Administration, Weapons Activities budg-et, 1 p.m., 2362–B Rayburn. 
March 4, Subcommittee on Financial Services and Gen-
eral Government, hearing on Department of Treasury budget, 2 p.m., 2359 Rayburn. 
March 5, Subcommittee on Interior, Environment, and 
Related Agencies, hearing on National Park Service budget, 9 a.m., B–308 Rayburn. 
March 5, Subcommittee on Agriculture, Rural Devel-
opment, Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies, hearing on Department of Agriculture Research Agencies budget, 10 a.m., 2362–A Rayburn. 
March 5, Subcommittee on Defense, hearing on United 
States Central Command budget, 10 a.m., H–140 Cap-itol. This hearing will be closed. 
Committee on Armed Services, March 3, Full Committee, 
hearing entitled ‘‘The President’s Proposed Authorization for Use of Military Force Against ISIL and U.S. Policy, Strategy, and Posture in the Greater Middle East’’, 10 a.m., 2118 Rayburn. 
March 3, Subcommittee on Readiness, hearing entitled 
‘‘Alignment of Infrastructure Investment and Risk and Defense Strategic Requirements’’, 3:30 p.m., 2212 Ray-burn. 
March 4, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘U.S. Pol-
icy, Strategy, and Posture in Afghanistan: Post-2014 Transition, Risks, and Lessons Learned’’, 10 a.m., 2118 Rayburn. 
March 4, Subcommittee on Seapower and Projection 
Forces, hearing entitled ‘‘Air Force Projection Forces 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:18 Feb 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D27FE5.REC D27FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D200 February 27, 2015 
Aviation Programs and Capabilities for Fiscal Year 
2016’’, 2 p.m., 2212 Rayburn. 
March 4, Subcommittee on Emerging Threats and Ca-
pabilities, hearing entitled ‘‘Cyber Operations: Improving the Military Cyber Security Posture in an Uncertain Threat Enviornment’’, 3:30 p.m., 2118 Rayburn. 
March 5, Subcommittee on Tactical Air and Land 
Forces, hearing entitled ‘‘Update on the F–35 Joint Strike Fighter (JSF) Program and the Fiscal Year 2016 Budget Request’’, 9 a.m., 2118 Rayburn. 
Committee on Education and the Workforce, March 4, Sub-
committee on Health, Employment, Labor, and Pensions, hearing on H.J. Res. 29, providing for congressional dis-approval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by the National Labor Relations Board relating to representation case procedures, 10 a.m., 2175 Rayburn. 
Committee on Energy and Commerce, March 3, Sub-
committee on Energy and Power, hearing entitled ‘‘21st Century Energy Markets: How the Changing Dynamics of World Energy Markets Impact our Economy and En-ergy Security’’, 1:30 p.m., 2123 Rayburn. 
March 3, Subcommittee on Oversight and Investiga-
tions, hearing entitled ‘‘Understanding the Cyber Threat and Implications for the 21st Century Economy’’, 2 p.m., 2322 Rayburn. 
March 4, Subcommittee on Energy and Power, hearing 
entitled ‘‘The 21st Century Electricity Challenge: Ensur-ing a Secure, Reliable, and Modern Electricity System’’, 10:15 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. 
March 4, Subcommittee on Communications and Tech-
nology, hearing entitled ‘‘Reauthorization of the Federal Communications Commission: The FCC’s FY 2016 Budget Request’’, 10:30 a.m., 2322 Rayburn. 
March 5, Subcommittee on Health, hearing entitled 
‘‘Examining the 340B Drug Pricing Program’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. 
March 5, Subcommittee on Commerce, Manufacturing, 
and Trade, hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight of the Consumer Product Safety Commission and the FY 2016 Perform-ance Budget Request’’, 10:15 a.m., 2322 Rayburn. 
Committee on Financial Services, March 3, Full Com-
mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘The Semi-Annual Report of the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection’’, 2:30 p.m., HVC–210. 
March 5, Subcommittee on Capital Markets and Gov-
ernment Sponsored Enterprises, hearing entitled ‘‘Over-sight of the SEC’s Division of Enforcement’’, 9 a.m., 2167 Rayburn. 
Committee on Foreign Affairs, March 4, Full Committee, 
hearing entitled ‘‘Ukraine Under Siege’’, 10 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. 
March 4, Subcommittee on Asia and the Pacific, hear-
ing entitled ‘‘The Trans-Pacific Partnership: Prospects for Greater U.S. Trade’’, 2 p.m., 2172 Rayburn. 
March 5, Subcommittee on the Middle East and North 
Africa, hearing entitled ‘‘Iran’s Noncompliance with its International Atomic Energy Agency Obligations’’, 9:15 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. 
Committee on Homeland Security, March 4, Subcommittee 
on Cybersecurity, Infrastructure Protection, and Security Technologies, hearing entitled ‘‘Industry Perspectives on 
the President’s Cybersecurity Information Sharing Pro-posal’’, 2 p.m., 311 Cannon. 
Committee on the Judiciary, March 3, Full Committee, 
markup on H.R. 1147, the ‘‘Legal Workforce Act’’; H.R. 1149, the ‘‘Protection of Children Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1153, the ‘‘Asylum Reform and Border Protection Act of 2015’’; and H.R. 1148, the ‘‘Michael Davis, Jr. in Honor of State and Local Law Enforcement Act’’, 10 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. 
March 4, Full Committee, markup on H.R. 1147, the 
‘‘Legal Workforce Act’’; H.R. 1149, the ‘‘Protection of Children Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1153, the ‘‘Asylum Reform and Border Protection Act of 2015’’; and H.R. 1148, the ‘‘Michael Davis, Jr. in Honor of State and Local Law En-forcement Act’’ (continued), 10 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. 
March 5, Subcommittee on Crime, Terrorism, Home-
land Security, and Investigations, hearing on H.R. 707, the ‘‘Restoration of America’s Wire Act’’, 9:30 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. 
Committee on Natural Resources, March 5, Full Com-
mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining the Department of the Interior’s Spending Priorities and the President’s Fis-cal Year 2016 Budget Proposal’’, 9 a.m., 1324 Long-worth. 
Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, March 3, 
Subcommittee on Health Care, Benefits and Administra-tive Rules; and Subcommittee on Government Oper-ations, joint hearing entitled ‘‘Challenges Facing OIRA in Ensuring Transparency and Effective Rulemaking’’, 2 p.m., 2154 Rayburn. 
March 4, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Rebuild-
ing the Chemical Safety Board: Finding a Solution to the CSB’s Governance and Management Challenges’’, 9 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. 
March 5, Subcommittee on Information Technology, 
hearing entitled ‘‘Cybersecurity: The Evolving Nature of Cyber Threats Facing the Private Sector’’, 9 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. 
Committee on Rules, March 3, Full Committee, hearing 
on H.R. 1029, the ‘‘EPA Science Advisory Board Reform Act of 2015’’; and H.R. 1030, the ‘‘Secret Science Re-form Act of 2015’’, 3 p.m., H–313 Capitol. 
Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, March 4, Full 
Committee, markup on H.R. 1119, the ‘‘Research and Development Efficiency Act’’; the ‘‘International Science and Technology Cooperation Act of 2015’’; the ‘‘Science Prize Competitions Act’’; the ‘‘Department of Energy Laboratory Modernization and Technology Transfer Act of 2015’’; and H.R. 874, the ‘‘American Super Computing Leadership Act’’, 9 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. 
Committee on Small Business, March 4, Full Committee, 
hearing entitled ‘‘Building an Opportunity Economy: The State of Small Business and Entrepreneurship’’, 11 a.m., 2360 Rayburn. 
March 5, Subcommittee on Economic Growth, Tax and 
Capital Access, hearing entitled ‘‘Improving Capital Ac-cess Programs with the SBA’’, 10 a.m., 2360 Rayburn. 
Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, March 3, 
Subcommittee on Aviation, hearing entitled ‘‘Federal 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:18 Feb 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D27FE5.REC D27FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D201 February 27, 2015 
Aviation Administration Reauthorization: Enabling a 21st 
Century Aviation System’’, 9:30 a.m., 2167 Rayburn. 
Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, March 5, Full 
Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘The Growing Cyber Threat and Its Impact on American Business’’, 9 a.m., HVC–210. Joint Meetings 
Joint Economic Committee: March 4, to hold hearings to 
examine the Economic Report of the President 2015, 2:30 p.m., SD–106. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:18 Feb 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D27FE5.REC D27FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postage
is paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are
printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances when
two or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through
the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov , free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the
Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.
Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov . ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S.
Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made
payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing
each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents
in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from
the Congressional Record .
POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record , U.S. Government Publishing Office,
Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD202 February 27, 2015 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 
2 p.m., Monday, March 2 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Monday: Senate will resume consideration 
of the House Message to accompany H.R. 240, Depart-ment of Homeland Security Appropriations Act. At 5:30 p.m., Senate expects to vote on the motion to invoke clo-ture on the motion to agree to the House request to go to a conference on the bill. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
12 p.m., Monday, March 2 
House Chamber 
Program for Monday: To be announced. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE 
Ashford, Brad, Nebr., E274 
Clarke, Yvette D., N.Y., E272, E276 Coffman, Mike, Colo., E269 Costa, Jim, Calif., E265, E267, E270 Cuellar, Henry, Tex., E267 DeGette, Diana, Colo., E272 Diaz-Balart, Mario, Fla., E278 Ellison, Keith, Minn., E265 Fincher, Stephen Lee, Tenn., E264 Foster, Bill, Ill., E273 Foxx, Virginia, N.C., E265 Frelinghuysen, Rodney P., N.J., E265, E268, E276 Garamendi, John, Calif., E278, E279 Gosar, Paul A., Ariz., E279 
Green, Al, Tex., E279 Hudson, Richard, N.C., E272 Huffman, Jared, Calif., E263 Hurt, Robert, Va., E274 Jackson Lee, Sheila, Tex., E274 Johnson, Eddie Bernice, Tex., E273 Larson, John B., Conn., E272 Lee, Barbara, Calif., E270, E275 McDermott, Jim, Wash., E276 Miller, Jeff, Fla., E277 Olson, Pete, Tex., E266, E271, E275 Palazzo, Steven M., Miss., E278, E279 Pallone, Frank, Jr., N.J., E266, E269, E275 Pascrell, Bill, Jr., N.J., E269 Poe, Ted, Tex., E267, E279 
Pompeo, Mike, Kans., E271 Price, David E., N.C., E273 Roskam, Peter J., Ill., E266, E270, E275 Schiff, Adam B., Calif., E264 Sherman, Brad, Calif., E263 
Smith, Adrian, Nebr., E272 Smith, Christopher H., N.J., E264, E268, E271, E277 Speier, Jackie, Calif., E267, E273, E275 Swalwell, Eric, Calif., E275 Vela, Filemon, Tex., E263 Walters, Mimi, Calif., E270 Welch, Peter, Vt., E268 Wittman, Robert J., Va., E263 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:18 Feb 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D27FE5.REC D27FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST